Cons: Work life balance can be improved, but it could also simply be working within Finance
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, smart, hardworking people and opportunities to move teams to explore a different type of finance (Retail, Corporate, Sales, etc)

Cons: Work life balance, international travel, tight deadlines, management pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Surrounded by incredibly intelligent people trying to solve complex problems on tight deadlines. Everyone is efficient, and operationally minded, with a can-do mindset.

Cons: ZERO   ZERO   ZERO   work/life balance.   Execs have been saying for YEARS that they understand and will make it better.  But in actuality,  it gets worse every year!  It is obviously top management LIP SERVICE because if they meant it,  they could fix it tomorrow.   They have hundreds of BILLIONS in the bank.   If they REALLY cared about employee work/life balance,  they could bring aboard the right number of folks to make that issue dissolve.   Sick of hearing the lies.   Just don't lie about wanting to fix it,  when they clearly DON'T care
Advice: None
Pros: We work with geniuses - in every department,   We create innovative products that thrill our customers and create new product categories -  who else can say that?

Cons: The schedule changes every 90 days and you have to bid for your shifts so you never know what you are going to get. This makes it extremely hard to plan your life to far in advance. You are also pretty much assured to work a Saturday or Sunday.
Advice: The management consists of a team manager and their area manager. Meetings are held over video and chat. They are supportive of individual development and help you to reach your goal. Management will challenge you if you want to advance but it's always in the spirit of making you better to prepare you for the next role.
Pros: The position is at home. The company is AMAZING. There are limitless advancement opportunities. You work with some very cool people and the leadership cares about your development. You may get coaching but you never get battered or belittled. The pay is decent and the benefits include, 401(k) match, stock purchase options, product discounts and discounts on services across many different areas, education assistance, child care assistance, paid vacation, sick time and other time off options, health club Reimbursment or bike cost set off. You get 1.5 time for OT and it's pretty much unlimited as long as you don't exceed 12 hours in a day or 59 total in a week.

Cons: It's a lot of work, teams are usually strapped for resources and under pressure to deliver on strict timelines leading to high stress and long hours at certain times during the year.
Advice: Keep fighting for "what's right". Renewable energy, civil liberties, working condition, everything. I couldn't be prouder of that aspect of the company, in the end it's about a lot more than profits and earnings.
Pros: Working at Apple means that the things you work on get into the hands of hundreds of millions of people, literally. It's a lot of pressure to get things right and drives one to do the best work of their lives. 2+ years later I'm still blown away by the talent and creativity of people I work with.

Cons: None! I had one of the best times ever at this company. Hopefully I stay to go on to corporate!
Advice: You guys are awesome. Keep up the good work!
Pros: Competitive Pay, Great Benefits, Amazing People, Great Work, Awesome Opportunities, Excellent Experiences, Great atmospheres in a beautiful store, no matter where you're working!

Cons: High-Stress Environment: The fast-paced and demanding nature of work at Apple can lead to high stress and long hours, potentially impacting work-life balance.

Intense Competition: The high level of competition among employees can create a pressure-filled atmosphere, where maintaining high performance is crucial to success and job security.

Limited Flexibility: While Apple offers some flexibility, the nature of the work, especially in roles related to product development and launches, can require being physically present at the office, limiting remote work opportunities.

Privacy and Secrecy: Due to the confidential nature of Apple’s projects, there is often a culture of secrecy, which can limit open communication and sharing of information within the company.

Bureaucracy: As a large corporation, Apple has a significant amount of bureaucracy and red tape, which can slow down decision-making processes and implementation of new ideas.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative Environment: Apple is known for its culture of innovation, constantly working on cutting-edge technology and products, which can be highly motivating and intellectually stimulating for employees.

Competitive Compensation and Benefits: Apple offers attractive salaries, bonuses, and comprehensive benefits packages, including health insurance, retirement plans, and stock options.

Career Growth Opportunities: Apple provides numerous opportunities for career advancement and professional development through various training programs, mentorship, and internal job postings.

Global Impact: Working at Apple means contributing to products and services that are used by millions of people worldwide, giving a sense of pride and accomplishment.

Collaborative Work Culture: Apple fosters a collaborative work environment where employees often work in cross-functional teams, encouraging diverse perspectives and teamwork.

Cons: Work life balance isn’t real
Internal Interview process is terrible
No accountability for management
Non commission-commission based role where you’re told to push AppleCare+ on customer and to get them to “yes” even when they say no.
There are metrics you need to reach and if not you get pulled to the side about why you didn’t reach them.
But then told you’re not a commission based business.
The way of Apple and its “fun” “inviting” culture is gone. The store redesigns create a more modern look but the engagement was and has always been with people doing live demos and fun experiences with their customers. Not trying to upsell and get them to purchase everything in the store. The “Well we’re a for profit business” response is a pathetic one. Apple has ALWAYS been a for profit company and even from 2014 up till before Covid employees truly cared about the customer experience and making a difference in every customer interaction. But not it’s about making sure you get your metrics before you get talked to. 
I’ve had multiple discussions with employees from other stores and it’s the same problem everywhere. People joined Apple because of the image of “make a difference” but when you work there for a couple of years you see through their political environment and really see it for what it is. And that’s a Fancy Best Buy that sells only Apple products.
Advice: Challenge yourself to do something different. Stop sticking to the usual day to day. Actually support your team but helping them when they’re drowning rather than hiding in your iPad.
Pros: Good Benefits
Generally good coworkers
Pay is okay

Cons: 1. Inconsistent messaging - management rarely give straight answers, you may get a totally different (and possibly inaccurate) answer from different managers
2. Tools fail constantly. Software programs crash, web based tools are slow and crash, outdated UIs, not inclusive of neurodiversity or disabilities, 
3. Everything is based on CST so be prepared to work either ridiculously early or ridiculously late to meet company needs.
4. Employee enrichment is a joke (for example: I got a penny sized pin in the mail to thank me for all my hard work).
5. Training, continuing education, procedural documents, and the like are all fashioned in a piece-meal, haphazard, and idiotic fashion. Tribal knowledge rules supreme but you are expected to perform without fault or flaw.
Advice: I challenge management to put themselves on the front lines in an unfamiliar job role armed only with the "training" and "knowledge base" provided to their employees. Then maybe they will understand
Pros: Insurance and stock benefits are great. I've made some good friends.

Cons: Very poor work-life balance. Large emphasis placed on payroll hours, tight-fisted hiring practices, and lax leave of absence policy leaves critical roles in the stores un-staffed for months or even more than a year. Management culture is to tighten the belt and shoulder the extra work with, but no additional compensation provided. Work hours required to complete tasks and drive successful business compete with direction to run the sales floor and drive day-of profits, creating short-sighted, month-to-month goals and results that lack long-term strategy to sustain it. Corporate management is disconnected and places emphasis on results and consequences at the expense of support and inspiration. Hours are better abroad, stores are prevented from hiring to fill vacant spots requiring much more work from employees, compensation is mediocre when compared to profits and cost-of-living increases, and store-level upper management and corporate management are heavily focused on short-term profits at the expense of all else.
Advice: Apple has the potential to create a positive impact on the employees lives just as much as customers around the globe. In over a decade at this company, I've heard many leaders focused on putting Apple's resources and brand behind the employees to develop them and provide opportunities. In the last two years, Apple's focus has shifted toward a competitive, bottom-line focus that loses the fire and passion of many employees. Don't let Apple become just another trash retailer. 
Pros: Strong brand, access to philanthropy, quality products. Great tools provided internally to get daily work done, such as scheduling, KPI monitoring, customer flow and inventory management, etc. Semi-annual feedback surveys feel important at individual store-level, if not company-level.

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Great mentorship and great office

Cons: Workers are no longer valued. Those most knowledgable about Apple products, policies, and the culture of Apple, people who have been with the company 5, 10 even 20 years... are being quiet-cut, or cut altogether.... by the hundreds. You are managed almost entirely through cold automated systems, and management is really only there to help interpret. 

So called "opportunities" come in the form of temporary positions only, usually in a role that would be higher paying, but as a temp you will retain your pay rate, despite performing more advanced tasks. When they have gotten their use of you, you are shipped back to over-worked positions not desired by those who have connections you don't have. 

You'll be told that your reviews, your participation in projects and "voluntary" tasks will propel you forward, however even years of consistently exceeding expectations, accolades and involvement will never get you past the favoritism, nepotism, and cronyism.

Management has a complete disconnect, with those whom they manage. They essentially act as messengers at some-point in a grape-vine between investors, and staff. They will deliver a message, if you have questions, concerns, or disagreement, you will get the standard corporate speak "We hear you, we understand and we'll be sure to send your concerns up", but you will never hear back, concerns will never be addressed, you will just get fed those same corporate speaking lines. 

Workers have little to no input (this was not always the case, even at a company as large as Apple), if you call out any type of issue, you'll be gaslit and told the issue is really you.
Advice: Listen to workers.
Pros: You will be working alongside talented, friendly, skilled individuals. You'll notice this immediately, even though management does not.

Cons: Work-life Balance
Scheduling
Hours
Growth
Advice: Focus on individual growth and development
Pros: Benefits &amp; Stocks
Culture 
Discounts

Cons: While it is chill at times, 90% of the time is spent having customers treat you like garbage for something that they did. All while trying to reassure them and act like them talking bad about you isn't a problem. Then you have managers expecting you to hit a certain unreasonable expectation that only a select staff members an achieve due to them upselling on everything that a customer actually doesn't need. They also tell you that you are a family and important to the company while paying you only 20 dollars an hour.
Advice: None
Pros: Team is nice, and job is chill at times.

Cons: Can become repetitive and cause burnout.
Advice: None
Pros: You’re able to work remotely. Perfect for people who enjoy troubleshooting and issue investigation.

Cons: Micro managing, unrealistic expectations, late hours
Advice: None
Pros: Working from home. Non phone

Cons: Is&amp;T is a hit or miss
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people,
chill work environment,

Cons: Managers care about numbers, it’s almost impossible to transfer to a different location. You will get stuck in this store.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits (401k, discounted stocks, health insurance and great pay for retail)

Cons: The requirement for working retail hours
Advice: None
Pros: Apple provides opportunity for growth, and it is a great place to build community through relationships.

Cons: At times, it is within your scope of work to deliver bad news, and offer the available solutions. Being able to calmly communicate with all types of people and patience levels will go a long way.
Advice: None
Pros: You will get the chance to work with some of the most innovative groups of people, and learn all about what it means to work as part of an effective team.

Cons: Overworked in the retail setting
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, company has good systems to look out for employee rights

Cons: Staffing is only sufficient during the winter holidays. There is more focus on numbers and productivity then experience for customers and employees. I don't like that I have to "ask" for time off to see my family living in another state.
Advice: put the breaks on the numbers and focus on the behavior.  The team members at the frontline talking to customers struggle with providing a great experience if you're constantly asking them to look at the metrics.
Pros: Pay is good for retail. Benefits are great

Cons: Culture is sometimes toxic
Decisions are made at high level and engineers are forced to follow even if they disagree
Advice: None
Pros: High salary
Job security
Great name on resume
People are nice and friendly

Cons: nothing bad to say about them.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people, everyone is friendly, they really care about you

Cons: No cons apple is great. Very nice company
Advice: None
Pros: nice company very nice company very nice company

Cons: Poor management, busy store, not much room for improvement
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great culture, great pay.

Cons: No clear lines between work and life. You will get texts, calls, emails at the most inappropriate hours; even on weekends. It's not strange - it's part of the culture, from the top down. This is all in the name of "doing your best work" while at the company. Since 2020 hiring has largely reduced and the volume of work has only increased. You do the math. Work has become the biggest point of stress, anxiety and decline of my mental health. I have dependents so careful with my decision to leave, but there's no doubt that day will be the light at the end of the tunnel.
Advice: Protect your people for longevity; find and force cultural shifts in work/life balance. Yes, they are lucky to be at the company, but the company is equally lucky to have brilliant minds under its roof.
Pros: Learning potential 
Resume boost
Camaraderie

Cons: Strict at work policy for hybrid
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and benefits, some orgs are good

Cons: Can be very competitive if you are trying to advance in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture; stock options; opportunities for advancement

Cons: Honestly, one of the better experiences of my career so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers were incredibly intelligent, generous, and kind. Meetings and workflow was well structured and the team was really good at staying up to date and implementing the latest technologies.

Cons: Short breaks, time off is often denied, if you ask too many questions you get pulled aside and called stupid, if you talk to HR about a manager and a serious issue, they will fire you instead of actually helping. Despite all the lies of open communication and “we’re here to support you”
Advice: Racist hiring.  They all have different agendas.  They protect themselves before protecting employees.  And will make sure you know that when you’re out of work and taking care of things in your own life such as domestic violence, I got responded with “do you really have to do this right now? You’re just hurting us when you’re gone” sorry court and abuse is an inconvenience to you.   Incompetent management and disgusting behaviors.   They micro manage and spy on everything.   They make a document with PARAGRAPHS of everything you’ve done they don’t approve of.    If you don’t help people fast enough, you get talked to.   It’s not about customers anymore. It’s all about meetings and money.   It’s not the culture I once loved.   I hate it.   Go back to the old ways.   
Pros: No pros. No work life balance. Rude. And all about their own little groups.

Cons: - Insane work hours and work culture. Everyone is putting in 70hr weeks consistently, so you better grind it out just to keep pace. 
- Some politics of course, the people that have been here for 10+ years make it very hard for any newer person to grow. Career growth is quite slow.
Advice: - Management can be condescending to newer/younger employees. Oh please, get off your high horse. They might be better than me in this one product ecosystem that they know in and out, doesnt make them a better Electrical Engineer than me. Be compassionate and let the youngsters learn.
Pros: Get to work on the internal hardware of an iPhone. What is the first thing someone touches in the morning? For hundreds of millions of people, that’s an iPhone. So, it is pretty rewarding to have contributed to that! 
Learnt loads and loads of technical details and get to work with some of the smartest people in the world

Cons: the more the company brings in outside "managers" the more the culture will change, talking to a manager who has no clue about the products on the floor, leaves such a defeatist feeling
Advice: make sure your managers, know MORE than the employees on the floor. The managers who went up the ranks from specialist to expert to pro to lead to manager, have a completely different outlook than someone who worked at Forever 21 or Starbucks.
Pros: Love the products, loved the culture, loved the possibilities

Cons: Demanding job that requires initial time commitment.
Advice: Continue supporting employees through creating value in the time spent in the office.
Pros: Employee outreach is crucial. Apple goes above and beyond to make sure employees are happy. Happy employees produce much better results.

Cons: Work-life balance, need to be good at time and stress management,
It's a great role for many, for others who may be interested in other things it could be a stepping stone to other roles, for instance if someone says out loud they're more interested in security, marketing, or software engineering you can use this role for tuition assistance don't feel discouraged just being what seems to be an entry-level role- even though upward mobility can be limited based on your performance and there are only so many promotions available in this department, it's a normal corporate hierarchical environment.
Only 5% raise with Apple's normal path after 1 year, if you are in-house you have a little more resources, if you're a contractor or what is referred to as "AHA" an at-home advisors you can't expect to excel by doing the same things over again and may need to seek expanding your career elsewhere if you are not fulfilled, this seemed to lead to lower morale but it's up to the employee to make an effort too and network with colleagues in other departments, or upskill yourself and learn instead of being negative.
They're building a great team, but certain workflows are getting outdated, they need to upgrade with the times, and don't call your employees tax quotas, many employees have ideas they are ready to implement to keep Apple relevant and cutting-edge, identify hard-working and high-aptitude top performers, let them contribute and grow. This is obviously less of an impact until you are promoted to a new role because of sheer numbers in such a large company. This can be difficult to focus and learn when even at your new campus a large percentage of employees are struggling to commute to work and pay rent in the RTP area at a salary of less than 50k, just reading 100s of facebook comments about the new campus you can see there is actually a disparity between living costs and how much they're paying many employees- you'll need to live with family on this one depending on your lifestyle, being a single earner or trying to start a family with higher rents in the area will be difficult to cut it on this wage alone. It's difficult to think some employees paid 200k+ may do less than 2 hours of work a day while others paid 1/4th or less taking a brunt of bad processes are struggling even though they want to and can contribute. However, everyone is responsible for their own paths and taking the steps in their own life to learn and adapt, if no one puts forth an effort nothing gets done, there were lots of experienced and impressive people there who were encouraging. The iPhone may not float off the table yet, but startups are working on new projects that are like science-fiction already and gaining high market share. Just being a part of Apple, you can use your off-time and learning resources to continue to excel.
Advice: You were the top market cap company, pay to retain talent.
Fix some systemic issues that have been lingering around for years, a few changes can immediately stifle the top criticisms, no matter how many people you have to coordinate with to accomplish, stepping on people's toes and being a little less politically correct is sometimes okay if it lights a fire under people to do their best work, stay on top of new developments and excel, don't be afraid to demand excellence and continue to set higher standards of performance.  Provide more resources and encourage career development for people eager to contribute more, such as support for tuition benefits provided or encouraging and making it easy to use learning stipends (I'd say I confirmed maybe only 10% of my coworkers may had been utilizing the tuition benefits).  There is great research and work being done at Apple, many startups and new companies still look up to the teams at Apple and products they ship, but it will continue to take a lot of work to remain at the top as the market may pick new winners in certain key sectors, that will always be poaching and recruiting top talent away from Apple unless they can keep innovating and stay nimble.  I would still enjoy working there again in the future as a SWE or in the hardware engineering departments, but I would only accept a high TC- one because I want to truly earn it and provide value to the company's future successes, and two I want to raise a large family very comfortably and not struggle in today's economy which is increasingly more difficult on one revenue stream.
Pros: supportive environment
training
growth potential
If you like Apple and apply yourself you can learn a lot, but there will be lots of intangible things you must recognize and pursue to excel

Cons: - Micromanagement: Issues with middle management and a tendency towards micromanagement can be challenging.
- Internal Competition: Intense competition and siloed departments can hinder collaboration.
- Limited Internal Movement: Career development opportunities exist, but internal movement is limited.
Advice: While middle management and micromanagement were factors in my decision to leave, I understand the challenges that come with managing a large organization like Apple. However, it's crucial not to stifle the potential of employees who show promise. Leaving Apple was difficult because of the unparalleled innovation and the high standards set. It's challenging to find another workplace that matches this level of excellence. While management was a reason for my departure, it's essential to recognize and nurture employees who have the potential to shine. Don't block their growth; instead, support them to achieve greatness within the company.
Pros: - Benefits: Apple offers an outstanding benefits package and healthcare benefits.

- Access to Cutting-Edge Projects: I had the opportunity to work on groundbreaking, often secretive projects that reflects the infamous culture. 

- Competitive Compensation: Salaries at Apple are highly competitive, stock options for performance/APRs.

- Supportive and Dynamic Colleagues: The environment is filled with some of the most talented and supportive individuals you could hope to work with, enhancing the overall work experience.

- Adaptable Work Arrangements: Initially hired to work remotely, I appreciated Apple’s flexibility. However, the transition to a hybrid model required a relocation to Austin to continue with my role

- Culture of Excellence: Apple maintains a high-performance culture that continually promotes personal and professional improvement. 

I had a great time working at Apple. While the job often required long hours and a lot of effort, it was incredibly rewarding and has been the best thing for my career. The experience and skills I gained there look fantastic on a resume and have opened up numerous opportunities for me.

Cons: A lot of work, very fast paced. College does not train you for this. You either have it or you don’t have it.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of collaborations. Ownership of lifecycle. Open door policy. Great people. Benefits.

Cons: This role can vary depending on your location. Duties and tasks will be at the discretion of your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Being able to be in a pro role

Cons: Not a lot of upward movement and growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. There is potential to get more hours

Cons: Hard to see your impact at such a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, motivated colleagues. Stable company.

Cons: Expecting to be all about the job all the time, demanding, little work life balance, fats-paced and often chaotic
Advice: None
Pros: Strong sense of community, empowering knowledge, friendly culture

Cons: *They recently bumped the admins from a specialist level role to a pro level role, giving them at least around $30/hr. Admins do a similar role to ops specialist, and I’ve actually been training and providing continual feedback to our new admins over the last 2-3 months. This feels like a slap to the face because we handle EVERYTHING for the store, from making sure that work orders are taken care of/scheduled, budget management, inventory management, inbound customer calls, tech support for the in-store-use devices including iPads, Isaacs (iPhone+payment sled), Macs, printers, and now Apple Vision Pros. So, thanks Apple.
Advice: Change the role of operations. You already treat ops like like management anyways. “Go ask ops.” YOU are the manager. If you want us to make more decisions, change our role. 
1. Operations Coordinator (can flip with 2)
2. Operations Expert (can flip with 1)
3. Operations Lead
Too easy. I already do significantly more than PZ Specialists and Tech Specialists anyways.
Pros: Fantastic pay(ish)*, Culture, Skills, Benefits, Coursera

Cons: Management depending on the store. Don’t gain commission for your metrics, you gain a small raise for it every year plus some stocks that you only see the full amount after staying for 3+ years.
Advice: Listen to their employees on how to be coached. Don’t micro-manage, let the employee grow without your input constantly. 
Pros: Flexible schedule, great job while working for college, opportunities to network/go to California, 25% off discount. Meeting amazing people.

Cons: Terrible work life balance. Go into a black hole
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks at this company if you like apple products

Cons: - Drains your mental wellbeing depending on the customers you receive
Advice: Be more understanding towards your college student employees
Pros: - Flexible Schedule
- Pay is great for a college student
- Company benefits
- Easy workload

Cons: Same ole same ole has become the norm. Innovation in how we operate is dead.
Advice: Time to freshen up the stores, they are now basically service centers, no more reason to come here to explore and experience
Pros: Great place to work with a great culture

Cons: Difficult to obtain a position there.
Advice: None
Pros: Truly not your typical corporate mentality. They value their people and it shows in everything that they do. The amazing benefits they offer their employees to enhance their lives and support them is truly impressive.

Cons: There can be the tendency to get lost in the “culture” and forget that this is a business first. I’ve noticed that this can cause some teammates to become more demanding of “rights” and benefits. The culture of Apple is fun, just remember to keep one foot on the ground when drinking the kool-aid and don’t get carried away by the politics of it all.
Advice: Management does a great job, at least our current leadership team is supportive and kind! There’s always ways to improve but you can’t expect perfection from imperfect people.
Pros: The pay is significantly better compared to other entry level retail jobs in the state. The benefits are good and leadership is interested in helping you develop your skills and talents

Cons: As a seasonal hire, awkward hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great Environment
Great Benefits
Great Co Workers

Cons: Your managers are above untouchable. You might be lucky and have a supervisor who doesn’t micromanage and tell you to have lunch away from your desk ( yes I was shocked too) . However, if you get one who was never trained in leadership, your time will be wasted mitigating the harassment. Your productivity and work ethic isn’t the priority. It is a hotbed of gossip and backstabbing.
Advice: None
Pros: Health insurance and benefits along with short and long term disability

Cons: a lot of pression and work
Advice: None
Pros: amazing group of talented people

Cons: -Company is now so metrics driven that some job roles have no downtime, none. 
-Store gets so busy that there is not enough time to: wait in line to go to the restroom; provide well thought out feedback; provide the level of customer service that Apple WAS known for; and no ability to create camaraderie. 
-Some stores have no room for inventory/shipments and/or gets so busy that people are crowding and getting into other’s personal space. 
-Creates massive burnout; Thus, many employees take disability leaves of absence for mental health. Not enough sick nor vacation time to create work / life balance. 
-The retail side wants your 24 hour / seven days a week availability; Mandatory work on Friday-Sunday; and makes it difficult for those working 20 or less to get a second gig. AKA they “own you”.
Advice: I don’t know where to start…
-Address the issues brought up in the “store PULSE surveys”. 
-Be authentically concerned about your employees and course correct. 
-Stop “Greedflation”.
Pros: -Great benefits (for those that are not debt burdened or have additional sources to income) so that one can actually use the benefits. (Access does not equal use.)
-Fair pay for a “Retail Job”.
-Very casual work attire. (Yoga pants, mini skirts, sandals/Crocs, shorts, etc.) 
-Tops provided.

Cons: Nothing. Maybe no free food?
Advice: None
Pros: Everything great here. Glassdoor, I have shared salary, there is no point force me to share a review here

Cons: little pay for tasks at hand
Advice: None
Pros: Great job for sales people

Cons: No real direction in my part of the business. Leadership is lacking. Seems impossible to move from retail into corporate.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple cares deeply about their employees.

Cons: Top down management, work life balance not great. Diversity is not a thing
Advice: Put more effort in diversity
Pros: good pay, good coworkers, prestige

Cons: Hard to switch because its a big company and things take time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, nice work life balance, great work community

Cons: Politics and attitudes. People with big chips on their shoulders
Advice: None
Pros: Good resources, lots of travel, capable teammates

Cons: Extremely micro managed. It took me leaving after 10 years to realize how much horrible it was there. They like to pretend like everything is ok all the time even though its not. I felt like I was brainwashed
Advice: listen to your employee's concerns and acknowledge them. 
Pros: good benefits and discounts on proucts

Cons: Every day I wake up in a dark chasm of loneliness
Advice: Get more cool merch!
Pros: The ability to tell others that you work at apple.

Cons: Very limited growth opportunities in the long term.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation for mechanical engineers in the area

Cons: none v none none none none none none v
Advice: none none none none none vnone
Pros: great place to work great place to work great place to work great place to work great place to work

Cons: Visibility across teams can be opaque. This makes multi-functional collaboration across teams hectic, and oftentimes very stressful considering the ambitious schedules we race against.
No free snacks as some other tech companies offer.
Advice: None
Pros: Work on exciting features, surrounded by passionate and nice people. Compensation is quite nice. 
*Your experience may vary depending on the team you join.

Cons: The current state of the company is concerning as it looks to be simply for the money these days. Granted I was in the retail side of apple and we all know how the retail industry is. Yet, the amount of micromanagement that has been present and lack of incentive to truly increase employee moral is terrible. I have seen strong workers that have truly given their all breakdown which has lead to people quitting, taking leaves, or being let go because performance was lacking. 

Management treats all stores the same and it's something that you can't do because of locations and store size. Managers also like to gossip like high schoolers and do not possess the skill to perform basic transactions when staff is low.
Advice: Take the time to listen to what your teams are saying. Properly evaluate the metrics that you want to see and truly think about how they can realistically obtained. Learn how to perform some (not all) functions of the various roles so that you can truly lead via example.
Pros: When it comes to the people and the benefits Apple is bay far the best. I have had the privilege to call a lot of coworkers friends and evens some managers as well. One of the best retail gigs I have ever had.

Cons: I have no cons for this employer
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay great team great leadership

Cons: This job is emotionally and physically exhausting. The goal is to see more customers always even when the team is short staffed. Most behind the scenes areas are shorted support but asked to do more. There used to be better staffing but that version of this company has deteriorated.

Over focused on metrics and ways to make numbers but not the right behaviors.
Good employees are rewarded with more work, managers friends receive promotion, despite lack of achievements.
Advice: Get in the trenches with your team to better understand their pain points and make improvements that improve your teams day to day.
Pros: The pay and benefits are amazing especially for anyone coming from a retail background.

Cons: Way too political, both internally and externally
Advice: Accountability is key 
Pros: Great benefits and wonderful people

Cons: The pay is extremely low. The role is categorized as a retail position even though the work is directly with corporate with no direct tie to sales.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, great company ethos, and deeply impactful work.

Cons: None, it was a nice company and interview
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience as intern, would return

Cons: They cracked down on unionization efforts as hard as they could, skirting the law as much as they could
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is good and the management is organized

Cons: Retail - mentally exhausting; not given enough headcount for staffing; they want us to support heritage months, holiday, etc but no money given to do so, it has to come out of our personal pockets; they claim work/life balance but unless your in leadership it doesn’t work that way; there is too much focus on titles when applying for other positions, great people get overlooked.
Advice: Those making decisions need to actually work in the retail environment and understand the needs before cutting staff and creating budgets. The bias that surrounds the hiring processes needs to be evaluated in both corporate and retail settings.
Pros: Benefits, discounts, co-workers, pay, and EAP

Cons: They have a subtle way of firing people called a Documented Coaching where if you don’t meet their ridiculous sales quotas, then you can get fired for not meeting expectations. 
The merit increases are a joke. It is very unlikely that you will ever receive an Exceeded Expectation rating consistently for the entire year bc not only does that mean you met the company sales goals for every quarter, that also means you had the time to show others how to do it and also their numbers have to be consistently good and you have to track it via emails with your manager CC’d so they have a paper trail.
Advice: Stop cherry picking your customers, we all see it and know you do it bc there’s not way you could take 10 or 20 phones in a row and they all have AppleCare along with all the other metrics you weigh us by.
Pros: Co-pay for in-network clinics and specialists are pretty reasonable. 
Great place to network with some pretty inspiring people

Cons: HR in retail group was deaf to legitimate employee issues, like managers blocking employee transfers. Their attitude was pretty much “shut up or you’ll make trouble for yourself”. It took years of attrition and employees launching ER cases for egregiously bad leaders to be finally be looked at and removed. You’d expect better oversight from a company of Apple’s stature, but I guess not. There seems to be a real reluctance to believe an Apple leader can actually be terrible, no matter how many people complain and what evidence is presented.
Advice: Stop putting glib talkers, mediocre sycophants and Dunning-Kruger types in leadership roles when they have *no meaningful  experience* in the field. These sorts can’t gauge the work accurately, so they can’t hire or gauge skill accurately, or create processes that make sense. The internal comms team was rife with insecure managers, because every one of them was outpaced by their own skilled team members and everyone, including business partners, knew it. And since these essentially useless managers weren’t going to be promoted, they would suppress the team members who had promotion potential. It was pathetic. They all get churned out eventually, after years of incompetence, but why does it take Apple so long to do so. Fix your process and identify the problem leaders before they run the team to the ground.
Pros: The work. You do a lot of complicated stuff with a great amount of autonomy. It’s clear what your priorities should be, so while you work a lot of atypical hours, you know what to focus on at any given moment and there is little micro managing

Cons: Politics, politics, politics! And of course a company of this magnitude moves extremely slow to achieve the simplest of things.
Advice: None
Pros: So many brilliant minds to work with! Almost never the smartest person in the room! Never a lack of collaborations with the best of the best!

Cons: Projects require lots of alignment with many stakeholders which is a learning curve but once that’s passed and you make a name for yourself then these alignments become easier
Advice: Share more of the vision (without risking the surprise and delight element)
Pros: Mature tech company that employs people who work smart and operate in a trustworthy manner. Employee friendly in general. Good projects specially in the AIML space.

Cons: I was dramatically overworked and burned out. The pressure is very high, the pace of work is frenetic, and the responsibility on each individual is stressful.

After accounting for the overtime hours I worked, the pay rate evens out with many other non-tech related roles. I could likely have worked 2 full-time jobs and gotten more sleep.
Advice: Work-life balance is needed, not something to acknowledge and then ignore because you need things done. The physical and mental health of your employees degrade when pushed hard, and eventually their performance drops. Pressuring them harder to continue their output will only result in a downward spiral with resentment on both ends before either they leave you have to terminate them.
Pros: The people you work with at Apple are highly intelligent, skilled, passionate, and the best I have every worked with in my career.

The pay is high, and if you can stay with Apple for longer terms, the stock bonuses keep accumulating.

Cons: Very very very very busy.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are really nice there.

Cons: Culture, work-life balance, schedule, time away, management in all of miami is horrific
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, compensation for retail is better than most

Cons: bad pc but good old days
Advice: salary up please reisülküttap
Pros: Super comfort and professional working area

Cons: Can be exhausting at times. Management was not super responsive to requests.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun people, good pay, nice location.

Cons: Everything is too private and each orgs feel like they are their own startup
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people. Great company to work for if you love Apple Products

Cons: - A lot of tasks 
- Phone calls
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible hours 
- Less customer facing

Cons: The expectations are really high
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are great for retail

Cons: hello hi how are you
Advice: None
Pros: how are you friends? seriously?

Cons: not much cons cause its really nice working here
Advice: None
Pros: they pay really good and a healthy work environment

Cons: Demanding position, constant changes and new learning requirements
Advice: None
Pros: Very good pay and benefits

Cons: It's still a corporation with the associated cons. Required hybrid, unexplained changes.
Advice: 
Pros: Lots of benefits, great pay, good opportunities

Cons: Could be a tart and bitter work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Very healthy, didnt see a dr once working at apple

Cons: Work Life Balance, Long Hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great Career Springboard, Unique Culture, Planetary Scale

Cons: competetive you must work like your life depends on it
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and benifits and much more

Cons: Too much apple,i want orange
Advice: Decrease apple cost in super market
Pros: I like apple eating it and Making some pie

Cons: they work you like a dog, its not a good job
Advice: None
Pros: run away this job sucks

Cons: Don’t care about employees, bottom line only
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, discounts, really works with disability accommodations

Cons: Limited career development
Lack engeer culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good stock performance. Secure job. Decent pay.

Cons: Very poor work-life balance. Feel like you are constantly working all the time. Very little downtime between projects.
High pressure to provide deliverables with the notion that slips are very costly.
Highly execution oriented work-style, with little opportunities to delve into being inventive.
Very rigid in terms of Vacation offerings and remote working.
For a company that is considering one of the most valuable on the planet, they sure are stingy when it comes to offering perks to their employees.
Expensive Health-insurance and Dental Care compared to other companies.
Advice: Improve work-life balance concerns of employees.
Pros: Excellent ESPP and Annual stock offerings.
Exposure to cutting edge techonology and products.
Very rewarding work. High sense of accomplishment.
Supportive and technically strong colleagues.

Cons: Sometimes they might ask you to join the sales floor with other team members if need be .

You don’t get your own phone line ; you share a email box with the rest of the business team; no real way of making it to corporate rare
Advice: Overall it’s good job better than being on the sales floor and you gain connections with other people easier to grow in the role ; only advice I have is if we find a system that works we don’t need to switch it every quarter 
Pros: Business account manager title is a cool job to have at Apple retail ; you get a 9-5 schedule although you get paid the same as experts on the sales floor you do get a little more perks than them in terms of less micro management; corporate job inside a retail store

Cons: - High expectations and pressure to perform. Apple is known for perfectionism and demanding high quality. This can add stress.

- Secrecy and NDAs. Much of Apple's future product plans are confidential. This limits what engineers can share about their work externally. 

- Bureaucracy of a large company. More red tape and process compared to a startup. Projects take longer to complete.

- Competitive hiring. Very difficult to land a job at Apple due to high number of applicants for each opening.

- Less flexibility andremote work. Apple's culture focuses heavily on collaboration in physical offices, limiting remote work possibilities.

- Potentially lower pay compared to top tech companies given current compensation structure.

Overall, Apple provides a unique experience for engineers to work on cutting-edge consumer technologies, but also comes with expectations of discretion, bureaucracy, and less flexibility than some other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: - Working on cutting-edge technology. Apple is known for innovative products and pushing the boundaries of technology. Engineers get to develop new and exciting technologies.

- Strong work culture and benefits. Apple is known for having a great company culture with healthy work-life balance, generous benefits, and perks like free snacks and devices. 

- Career growth opportunities. As a large and successful company, Apple offers plenty of room for advancement as new projects and teams are constantly being created.

- Product-focused work. Engineers work directly on Apple's flagship consumer products like the iPhone, iPad, Mac, etc. rather than more mundane backend systems.

Cons: Pay, the company doesn't care about their employees, pushing everyone to go to a campus
Advice: Listen to your employees!
Pros: Pay, work from home, some employees

Cons: 100% plugged into work, difficult to on-board
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, work travel, extremely intelligent people, offices, opportunities to learn

Cons: No flexible hours/work on all major holidays
Advice: None
Pros: WFH and good pay at the time 2021

Cons: Lacked work life a balance
Advice: None
Pros: was a great company to work for

Cons: At my store (Fifth Avenue), it was difficult to advance or stand out because there were so many employees and it operated very differently from most other Apple stores. It was difficult to push offerings like small business services and Today @ Apple sessions on customers when the store is a revolving door for tourists with no connection to the local community and/or limited English (easy enough to sell products, but harder to have a sustained conversation about services). On a given day, ~3/4 of my customers were Brazilian tourists buying phones for themselves and friends back home (Brazil charges outrageously high import taxes on Apple products), and they were — understandably — completely uninterested in signing up for business services or sacrificing vacation time to sit in on a Today @ Apple session. The remaining 1/4 of customers would usually be Midtown office workers rushing to grab an accessory or drop off a faulty device before their lunch break was over. Because the store is essentially functions as a mostly-duty-free tourist destination, it was very rare to have leisurely browsing customers who were open to conversation and sustained engagement.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits (best healthcare I’ve ever had), interesting people, generally positive culture and work/life balance.

Cons: Favoritism is very apparent.

 Opportunities to find full-time positions or promotions are heavily swayed towards favorites. 

Pushing others outside of their responsibilities within their role.
Advice: If management took the time to really look at each employee as a person and not as a metric.

Maybe management is pressured by those above them but there is a very apparent worry about making sure the numbers produced by the store look immaculate for corporate.
Pros: Employee benefits, even at part time, are going to be very difficult to find somewhere else. 

-Tuition Assistance
-Health/Dental/Vision
-Stock Options
-ESPP
-EAP
-Mental Health Services
-Employee Discounts
-Fitness Assistance

A lot of reimbursements that you may have a hard time finding at another company. Hard to list them all. 

From my personal experience, there is a good work culture with the people you work with. They are usually very good people and the bonds created with them typically last long outside of their (or your) time working at the store.

Cons: Hard to take vacation when you need to
Advice: None
Pros: Great training wonderful benefits and remote

Cons: -they ask for alot for it to be a retail job, having to meet business contacts, subscribe them to AppleCare products AT the store
- very slow advancement in the company, some coworkers where in roles for 7+ years and weren't getting promotions as there were very little room for growth as positioning are extremely limited and rarely ended up in corporate positions
-company discount is so low unless its the $500 once a year- discount.
Advice: None
Pros: -good pay for retail
-no sales quota
-great benefits for permanent employees, especially full time

Cons: A bit disorganized and headcount is very team dependent
Advice: Have longer internships and more entry full time offers
Pros: A lot of great mentorship opportunities

Cons: Politics
Favoritism 
Micromanagement
Work life balance 
Lack of transparency
lack of accountability for the leadership team
Advice: I want to make clear that this review it's for the Carolinas Apple Store. I've work in other markets and it's really great, The Carolinas Market is rotten from the Market leader and below, they cover and protect each other and they can get away with everything they do wrong. From wrongful termination, Documented Coachings, Misconducts, Demotions, etc. If you are someone that want to keep your mental health or not make it worst, do Not try to get a Job at any Apple Store in the Carolinas Market.
Pros: Benefits
Diversity
Co Workers
Credo
Skill development

Cons: Work life balance might be tough if you are in supply chain
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Smart People and Amazing Mission

Cons: - Hyper PC (Politically Correct) to a fault
- Towards my later years felt uneasy talking to anyone because ppl would get fired for making someone feel uncomfortable &amp; no grounds to stand on for such accusations
- Not the start up owned by Steve it once was, a far cry actually. Major corporation that only seems to care about the money and stock and nothing else unlike it’s earlier years. So if that doesn’t bother you then it’s a fine place to work.
Advice: I don’t even know what Tim Cook does. All I can tell is that he is a big proponent of Gay Rights (and rightfully so) but… I have 0 idea what he does for the company, have felt no personal connection to him, his presence is not felt, and he is simply just the name on top of a Legacy corporation that is seemingly more and more focused on “safe” moves, to a fault.
Pros: - Good pay
- Probably the largest amount of benefits from a company
- Beautiful campus &amp; locations
- Many different positions to fit many different personalities

Cons: Good old boys club, look for young people, not older folks, all about who you know
Advice: Get back to basics, to much politics now and age discrimination
Pros: Progressive company, some opportunities if you are lucky

Cons: Over run with liberal agenda
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, pay, respect. Best package for retail.

Cons: You will be working with A LOT customers.
Advice: Hire more people so the workers can split tasks more.
Pros: Pay and benefits are really good for a part-time level job. Internal rotation opportutnies are great for career growth.

Cons: It’s sometimes hard to move up as there are always many people that you are competing with.
Co-op opportunities are hard to get as you typically need to spend years at the company before you are recommended
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is very accommodating with training and preparation for the role. They provide you everything you need to know to succeed at the job.
A lot of opportunity to pivot to sales, technical or creative sides of the store.

Cons: The process of changing hours of availability took way too long to go into effect
Advice: Management seemed a little disorganized and not in great communication with each other 
Pros: Fun place to work plus you meet really interesting and unique people

Cons: Low Raises Not Commensurate with Inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility in Scheduling &amp; Work

Cons: Same as most customer facing jobs, your experience with fussy customers really depends on your personal emotional fortitude. Days can get pretty tough if you're unable to make a friend on the team with a similar shift schedule.
Advice: Hold more of an interest in personal development with each member of the team. Management tends to get too bogged down with back-office work and relies mostly on more experienced non-management to keep everyone else in line.
Pros: Great company discounts and benefits, especially if you love their products, and an energetic environment you'll never be tired of working at.

Cons: high working times i spent in the company
Advice: None
Pros: high salary i get at this company

Cons: Not particular any cons at moment
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with

Cons: Customer complaints
Working Weekends 
Working holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours
Good benefits
Good pto

Cons: Poor work life balance most of the year
Advice: None
Pros: Nice products, innovative projects cutting edge tech

Cons: Sometimes gets way too busy
Advice: None
Pros: Has the most amazing people

Cons: the workload continually piles and the management reviews and connections are hollow
Advice: None
Pros: the culture is relaxed and progressive

Cons: Retail is difficult. It is a lot of work and not enough people to support the non-stop influx of customers. every area of the store feels like it 15-20% understaffed. It did not used to feel this way all the time like it does now. It's exhausting the leaders and the team.
Advice: Listen to the people. We are telling you that we're all worn out way down here in retail. Great/ Amazing people are leaving because growth has all but stopped and people are overworked.
Pros: Apple has taken care of my family and I for 16 years. Benefits and very competitive pay. Covid was unbelievable. We not only keep all of our jobs but prospered and went back to work as soon as we were able.

Cons: There are not many bad reasons
Advice: None
Pros: There are lots of good reasons

Cons: Last Fall, a lot of employees got a shock: tiny salary increases, and little-to-nothing in the way of a bonus or stock. Despite persistently high inflation. Despite working evenings and weekends. Despite delivering quality products on schedule. 

When employees voiced their concerns about stress, management replied, “Download a stress app”. When employees voiced their concerns about pay, management replied, "Take a career course". Or relocate to San Diego. Better yet, we’ll relocate you. To Austin.
Advice: Treat us like human beings.  Why is it OK for you to live in the Bay Area, but not us?  Why can you keep your family and your life in the Bay Area, but we can’t?  Why can you afford to pay yourselves so much, but you can’t pay us?  We're the ones making the products.
Pros: Great benefits. Employee discounts. Subsidized cafeteria.

Cons: Poor work vs home management. Inflated sense of purpose using what I view frankly as cult tactics to convince you are doing powerful meaningful work in the world. Very poor utilization of internal talent with little to no room for advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and overall fair pay. Certainly builds your skills and abilities to take on complex issues.

Cons: Lack of in-depth training outside of Genius Bar level specialists.
Advice: Give floor specialists more technological knowledge on the products. 
Pros: Friendly team members and leads, great customers, quality products.

Cons: working with the public can be challenging with few breaks.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, great people, amazing technology

Cons: Management is very very incompetent
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are really great here

Cons: Really none, I’ve found happiness and balance
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, people, growth opportunities, all around a great place to be

Cons: Very little in the way of upward mobility. It seems that once people join this company in an elevated role they rarely leave. When positions to come up, there tends to be a lot of favoritism behind the scenes and candidates are chosen based on existing relationships with Market Leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Continued development, constant challenges and collaboration. A very good place to start a career in management

Cons: Unsympathetic management and not many benefits compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and fair hours

Cons: Needed changes to office space or concerns with office environment can take a while as it needs several approvals.
Advice: Offer more in person training that is away from computer. 
Pros: Incredible teammates and opportunities to switch teams if needed. Job security.

Cons: Grueling, high-volume store and no job protection whatsoever
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training, friendly team, eventual employee discount

Cons: Slower career progression, get more pay when you move around companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, everyone wants to help.

Cons: Wide ranging hours. Can swap shifts with coworkers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great leader ship and co workers

Cons: Did not like management very much
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and worklife balance

Cons: Tough business partners to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance here

Cons: work life balance doesn't exist. Managers are promoted based on technical skills only, no people or true management skills.
Advice: None
Pros: get to work with smart people everyday

Cons: Schedule, management, no opportunity to work part-time which resulted in poor work/life balance. Lack of opportunity to move up within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Not the best remote company to work for, but certainly not the worst. Avoid becoming a senior advisor and you might be okay.

Cons: none at all , overal great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits
Discounts
collaboration with other team members 
culture 
diversity

Cons: - Internal politics can be difficult to navigate
- Retail is not a clear path to corporate roles.
- Working retail schedules are not fun
Advice: None
Pros: - Customer centric culture that obsesses over the best customer experience.
- Extensive training
- Get to work on with some of the best technology products in the world.

Cons: High volume and high stress environment, huge emphasis on meeting metrics even if customer doesn’t want extra services
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, wonderful team mates, and great pay

Cons: Good managers and good hours
Advice: None
Pros: Very good office and vibe

Cons: Nothing at all I enjoyed it
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and good cultures and boss

Cons: Huge technology setup which is a given
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance and benefits

Cons: Poor work-life balance and quick turnaround times with short notice (“fast-paced environment”)
Advice: None
Pros: Decent compensation and good benefits.

Cons: long hours
retail 
attendance is a big deal
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits
good for part time

Cons: Working extra hours is expected as a part time employee.
Advice: No suggestions.  They were fine during my time there. 
Pros: Super fun and supportive team environment.

Cons: Promotions are based off politics or who they like not based off skill
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, benefits nice, pay is nice for expectations of Job.

Cons: None at the moment, so far everything is great.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, work life balance, great work environment

Cons: Management could be annoying. They were weird sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool people to work with

Cons: Some cons were there was a new situation everyday, which you have to mentally prepare for. Any retail job is mentally draining, however being a sales specialist is definitely mentally exhausting. There were some times where we had situations that were bad, and left workers crying. Most managers don't understand how to navigate around using our work devices and barely provide support to employees. If you are hired as a seasonal, I would say definitely have a back up option, there's absolutely no guarantee if you are going to have a spot. I was one of the few that was lucky to get offered a spot, but it truly does depend on your work effort. The way to schedule days off is somewhat inconvenient because they require you to submit at least a month and a half in advance.
Advice: Managers need to support employees without getting frustrated, and genuinely show support.
Pros: I believe some pros of working at Apple are definitely the benefits that come along with working there, as well as the pay. It's definitely one of the better paying retail jobs in my opinion.

Cons: Very busy during certain times of the year
Advice: More pizza parties for employees
Pros: Amazing benefits and work life balance.

Cons: I am too scared to leave
Advice: None
Pros: It is an ethical company

Cons: Stress and overwhelming when shorthanded.
Advice: None
Pros: Being social and supported by an amazing staff.

Cons: Shift bid when it comes to determining your schedule 
Pay decrease when you move
Advice: None
Pros: Stocks
Team work
Training (time off phone)

Cons: No cons worth mentioning great place to start your career I cant think of a better retail experience so far
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Great place to work
The hiring process is built to always have great people to work with

Cons: Managers are human and they have intense bonus contracts that make them back stabby.
Most Apple customers are the worst on the planet. They are entitled. They lie, cheat and try to force you into giving them everything under the sun. They are racist, sexist, and homophobic. They make women, people of color and trans people repeat everything 2- 3 times affecting their metrics that give them raises. This causes women, people of color and LGBTIA+ people to make less and take more abuse than their white, cis, heterosexual male counterparts.
No one has a regular schedule. No one gets 2 days off to rest and relax unless they are on vacation. 
Clopenings are a weekly experience.
Advice: Management needs to recognize the biases in their store market and work to counteract the abuse that their staff deal with on an hourly basis. Management needs to do the work on themselves to deconstruct their own biases to support their staff.  
Retail stores need to work to empower their staff like the mothership. 
Retail workers should have the option to join a union instead of being fired. 
Pros: Insurance benefits are amazing
Discounts on apple products are amazing
Staying on the cutting edge of the latest and greatest at apple is amazing
You end up working with the best people on the planet.

Cons: If you’re trying to move up within apple it can become very political but that’s any job I guess. Not really a whole lot of cons if you have reasonable expectations. I guess you can get drained from dealing with entitled customers all day.
Advice: None
Pros: The average employee is super cool
A lot of staff so easy to pick up shifts
Not a whole lot of micro managing
Hard to get let go

Cons: everyone else is a robot. no emotional intelligence is 0. Expected to be on 24/7.
Advice: None
Pros: immediate team will likely be good

Cons: Long hours at the weekend. You won't have any free time outside of work and school
Advice: None
Pros: Apple retail pay well for a part time job as a college student. This job covers most of my expenses in college

Cons: - intense job and learning curve
Advice: None
Pros: - nice staff, and caring company

Cons: Leadership is very condescending. Pay is not competitive anymore since company is trying to go into achieving sales numbers. NO commission given. Has forgotten about the internal customer.
Advice: None
Pros: this is one of the best RETAIL job you can have. Great benefits and stock options. Co workers are great aka employees not leadership

Cons: customer service is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: pay for home office and wifi

Cons: The leaders were great, but the management was a different story. Moving to a new position always meant going through an interview process, no matter how long you'd been with the company. This usually involved two interviews with our store's management, which often felt like cold calls. Plus, management frequently showed favoritism and often had a poor attitude towards the team.
Advice: None
Pros: The team is great, and you often have a great time.
Very good benefits.

Cons: I don’t have any cons working with Apple. N last schedule I guess isn’t ideal
Advice: None
Pros: I believe the environment is best in class

Cons: No amenities--if you aren't in Cupertino you don't even get a cafeteria (in Cupertino you have to pay for food). No career progression (they're 'working on it' but my expectations are low). Poor location options (and no career development if you're not in Cupertino and they want you in Cupertino but they don't want more people in Cupertino?)
We're still 'business critical' travel only, with no conference/training budget. I've paid my own way to go to conferences to keep up my skills and connections and I even have to take time off or remote time to attend. Yet Tim goes to the Super Bowl?
Leadership is out of touch with anyone who isn't in management (honestly anyone beyond a first line manager has no clue what's going on with employees). Even if you aren't in Cupertino, you have to work Cupertino hours (yep, even if you live in Europe).
Advice: Please just talk to someone at the leaves of your management tree. You are so out of touch.
Pros: The pay is decent, benefits are better than average for corporate America, but worse compared to tech companies (healthcare is good but expensive). Some bosses are really great. We haven't had layoffs and it feels pretty stable.

Cons: The south bay is not the nicest place to live.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great place to do great work.

Cons: Fast-Paced Environment: The fast-paced nature of the work can be demanding and may require long hours at times to meet deadlines.
High Expectations: With Apple's reputation for excellence, there can be high expectations for performance, which may lead to pressure to deliver consistently exceptional results.
Limited Work-Life Balance: While efforts are made to accommodate work-life balance, the demanding nature of the job may sometimes make it challenging to maintain a healthy balance between work and personal life.
Competitive Environment: The competitive nature of the tech industry and Apple's high standards may create a challenging environment where employees need to constantly strive for excellence.
Limited Autonomy: Some employees may find that the company's strong emphasis on collaboration and teamwork leaves limited room for individual autonomy in decision-making.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative Culture: Apple fosters a culture of innovation and creativity, encouraging employees to push boundaries and think outside the box.
Impactful Work: As a Product Marketing Manager, you get to work on groundbreaking products that have a significant impact on the industry and people's lives.
Collaborative Environment: The company values collaboration, allowing you to work with talented individuals from diverse backgrounds, fostering growth and learning.
Personal and Professional Development: Apple offers ample opportunities for personal and professional growth, including internal training programs, mentorship, and cross-functional projects.
Competitive Benefits: Apple provides comprehensive benefits and perks, ensuring that employees feel valued and supported in their roles.

Cons: Work Life home balance not great
Pay was not competitive considering the amount of work
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks, discounts, most coworkers are awesome people

Cons: Apple retail has fallen from grace. Far too much time spent on non-business related activities and focuses. Not nearly enough staff. Leadership that is wildly inconsistent or non-existent.
Advice: Live up to your Credo.
Pros: Great people, engaging environment, fantastic customer service support.

Cons: Hiring freeze and not many opportunities to move into different areas of the business; cult like work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home 2 days a week

Cons: -no work life balance, always on call
Advice: None
Pros: -people you work with are great

Cons: Retail hours. Heavy emphasis on metrics.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits. Growth opportunities for those willing to apply themselves.

Cons: I just came to see the reviews of a company my friend works for.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is one of the small handful of companies that form the backbone of our Technical lives. Having Apple as an employer offers stability, access to opportunities to develop and a fast paced environment.

Cons: Have to work both weekend day
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours. Good benefits. Good pay

Cons: Too much work and no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and great team

Cons: Terrible from promoting within. They use "Job Experiences" to have people do work in roles they are not being paid for.
Advice: None
Pros: Get healthcare and stock plan

Cons: Long hours and annoying fanboys
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and fun products

Cons: Pay's worse than google inc
Advice: Nope
Pros: Apple is very welcoming and kind

Cons: Its apple and apple is apple
Advice: None
Pros: Profit sharing is a nice touch

Cons: No commission so only hourly
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty chill and easy job

Cons: Apple doesn't have the best benefits. PTO is lacking until you hit the 3 year mark and not a lot of perks that you might be accustomed to at other tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good coworkers, everyone is good at their job

Cons: A lot of work for moneg
Advice: None
Pros: Good food and good people

Cons: 1. High Pressure and Stress
2. Long Hours
3. Competitive Atmosphere
4. Limited Flexibility
5. Privacy and Secrecy
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Innovative Work Environment
2. Competitive Compensation and Benefits
3. Career Growth and Development
4. Inclusive and Diverse Culture
5. Impact and Recognition

Cons: It is very difficult to move up unless you say the right things. Even if you are well-liked, if you cannot speak “Apple”, good luck on any type of promotion. Also, unless you’re full-time, say goodbye to any type of work-life balance. Your schedule will be all over the place.
Advice: I understand how important culture is to corporate Apple. But I have seen people who have been looked over for promotion who do the work and have been there for 7 years or longer. Thus, it’s a dead end job for most employees.
Pros: Lovely benefits. Competitive pay. Most people were great to work with.

Cons: micromanagement
no flexibility
benefits not on par with other top tier companies
Advice: None
Pros: technical managers
great place to learn
Good salaries
Stocks

Cons: Not a lot of room for development in the retail space unless you want management positions.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a fun place to work

Cons: No, a good organisation to start your career
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn and grow

Cons: - low pay
- no benefits
Advice: None
Pros: - flexible work schedule
-great management

Cons: No cons to talk about at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work environment and team support

Cons: really red and super nice though
Advice: None
Pros: granny smith and yellow grail

Cons: non i think of as of now
Advice: None
Pros: work on cutting edge tech

Cons: Limited growth opportunities and potential.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: 40 hrs a week is a joke! usual working hours exceeds 50 hrs in a week including the weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: great teamwork and collaborative culture help beginners quickly bring them up to speed.
I like how Apple cares about diversity and inclusion. the team is open to new ideas and finding creative solutions.

Cons: you no say in the direction of the company
Advice: None
Pros: high pay, professional working environment, cross team work

Cons: The people you interact with are not always friendly
Advice: None
Pros: I had a great manager and great team

Cons: No Cons at all for me
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed working with my team

Cons: Can't think of much here
Advice: None
Pros: Good team and product to work

Cons: you will feel stuck at a retail level
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance
flexible hours

Cons: Can be very busy sometimes, and it can be overwhelming for some people. Often working with multiple customers at once.
Advice: Considering hiring more staff to relieve pressure during busy hours.
Pros: Great environment to be in. Everyone wants to encourage growth and improvement. They also encourage you to take your breaks and take care of yourself.

Cons: Workload and fast paced environment
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork , dedication, insight, room to grow and develop

Cons: -you will be stretched THIN. when you work at apple retail, you are expected to do every single job in the store, no matter how short-staffed your current position is. 
-things get VERY political and dramatic when it comes to promotions, and there is SO much favoritism used, as well as subtle racism (depending on location).
-they say they'll help you advance, but many have realized that this is a farce. there are so many hard workers in the same positions they were in over 5 years ago who have the necessary skills to move along in the company, but office politics and favoritism comes into play.
-too much sucking up to bosses necessary. if you dont, you will be targeted to be removed from the company very aggressively
-the customers. the customers. the customers. so entitled, and this is retail.
Advice: None
Pros: -the benefits they offer you are fantastic, and more than likely the main reason you would stick around for so long. 
-the pay is good, especially for retail, but you will be stretched THIN. when you work at apple retail, you are expected to do every single job in the store, no matter how short-staffed your current position is. things get VERY political and dramatic when it comes to promotions, and there is SO much favoritism used, as well as subtle racism (depending on location).
-coworkers are great, depending on location. great networking opportunity

Cons: Work life balance could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people and lots of fun problems

Cons: Nothing much except sometimes long work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and scope of growth

Cons: No growth within the company. Poor management. elevate the wrong people. Lazy Employees. Most of your work never sees the light of day.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits. Mid-Level employees are very nice to work with.

Cons: Schedule not good
No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Wfh I’m s good
Benefits are good

Cons: - no work-life balance, basically to have any weekend off you need to schedule it at least a month in advance. They will allow you to have one weekend day off a week but it comes with multiple rules, such as you cant have two in a row; or its every other week. Then if you manage to schedule several weekends in a row off, then management will have a conversation with you, saying that youre not properly supporting the team. 
- decent amount of micro-managing which is semi necessary 
- Metric based performance &gt; Which isnt the problem, its that if youre not doing well they use fear mongering basically saying youll lose your job if you dont perform to expectations.
Advice: None
Pros: - good benefits 
- good growth opportunities 
- decent pay

Cons: no good lunch
no cafetaria
Advice: None
Pros: very good slary
very good culture

Cons: Career growth is limited base on which store you work at
Advice: None
Pros: Learn about the importance of SOPs and customer relation

Cons: there is no cons i have teher
Advice: None
Pros: good environment to work there

Cons: Lack of transparency
Lack of opportunities for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Work from home
Excellent benefits

Cons: You might end up working your whole life here - money is too good, and most jobs are very secure.
Advice: None
Pros: Its a challenging environment, but it also gives one a sense of security and belonging.

Cons: Only brown nosers get promoted
Managers with zero people skills and zero technical knowledge
Only Indians who practice racism, casteism
Advice: Fire all middle managers who have been here for over 5 years
Pros: You will find how really bad teams and managers behave

Cons: Customers are horrible. Currently not backfilling positions so stores are feeling more and more understaffed. Expectations for work are extremely high and sometimes unachievable.
Advice: Apple is going to start losing some excellent talent in the retail stores due to lack of opportunities for growth. It is unbelievable to expect someone to take on an extra 30+ minute commute to the next nearest store for a $4 an hour raise because that’s the only one with an opening.
Pros: Great benefits, coworkers are awesome, weekend day off option for full timers which is typically unheard of in retail.

Cons: Bad work life balance
10+ Working hours daily
Advice: Please hire more people. Everyone is working 2-3 people’s job and its not sustainable
Pros: Good pays and stock options

Cons: long hours as a part time seasonal employee
I was working up to 40 hrs during the winter/Christmas time and was considered part time, which I didn't like
Advice: None
Pros: great way to grow within the company
lots of feedback
meet lots of great people along the way

Cons: Not any I can think of
Advice: Be less beauracratic and support individual opinions
Pros: Good company good ceo tons of benefits

Cons: leadership is all about favoritism and who gets in front of SVP v.s. not, never about the actual work that happens on the ground.
Advice: None
Pros: compensation, people you work with

Cons: too busy with the work load
Advice: None
Pros: nice place, and nice people

Cons: Challenging work life balance exists
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: bad pay, long hours , terrible manager , no breaks
Advice: None
Pros: Good ecosystem , decent hours , safe location

Cons: - low PTO
- late hours depending on what teams you work with globally
Advice: None
Pros: - amazing people
- easy to see your impact

Cons: Scheduling is consistently a problem. It’s truly the only reason I have this job 4 stars. We are regularly given big promises to work with our life requirements, but policies favor young unmarried people with no kids. If you have any personal obligations other than being in college, prepare to fight for any real control over the schedule you are given. FORGET having set hours… I really do love working at Apple! However, I struggle to give my best work when I have to drastically rearrange my family life and spiritual life (which COULD be on a regular schedule) every two weeks. Apple says it has a diverse work force and all of their marketing promotes that, but their retail stores do not have that at all.
Advice: Allowing employees to have actual influence over their schedules (not the barely recognized “preferences” that employees get to submit twice a year) would mean your CUSTOMER-FACING workforce could “do their best work.” The systems in place do not reflect the values Apple embodies in other areas. 

PLEASE help us. We understand the need for automated, corporate-level implementation. 
AND.
None of us can understand why HR only uses salaried people who have minimal in-the-trenches retail experience to build the systems and make the policies. 

Ultimately, customers are missing out simply because they don’t or can’t  connect with the twenty-something, tech-enamored specialists.
Pros: It’s a fun, fast-paced environment. Specialists don’t work on commissions so we really get to enjoy talking about the products and services - because we believe in them! Wages increase each year. Benefits are generous with many choices and programs.

Cons: Managers are very bias and upper management are dating people below them.
You have to make sure you are able to suck up to management to get promoted or are dating them. Place feels like a high school at times. Managers will not support you when you really need help.
Advice: None
Pros: Some good team members that are hard workers.

Cons: - Lacks diversity
- Pay is below that of most other competitors
- Company is stingy. Makes employees pay for everything
- Don't take employee needs seriously
- Don't allow remote work
- Always looking for external talent instead of developing talent internally
Advice: Take employee concerns more seriously and stop just hiring senior engineers as managers when they lack people and leadership skills
Pros: - Good job security
- Discounts on Apple products

Cons: Very big, parking so far
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, good comunication, good leaders

Cons: Engineering challenges could be stressful when it is close to mass-production. The such things happen, you have to work closely with a large group of cross-functional partners to conduce thorough investigations on a very tight schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great team dynamics: team is formed by a small group of experts, alway can learn from each other
- Abundant resource to develop new technologies

Cons: Could have a better work life balance
Advice: Keep up the good work 
Pros: Great comp and helps me beat inflation

Cons: its too hard to work there
Advice: None
Pros: you met with good engineers

Cons: There is no such thing as work life balance at Apple.
Advice: Be more considerate and reasonable
Pros: For non-team workers, they are allowed to work as individual contributors.

Cons: Everything else. They like to say that they build culture and people but its a sham.
Advice: Give people breaks, Actually listen to your employees, Have better management or better training of management. Have better systems in place for dealing with very rude customers. 
Pros: The people I worked with who were my peers.

Cons: There are people that work their way up the ladder and go from retail to corporate but there are biases that lead one person to get a job over another. The biggest con is the fact that you can apply for a job and go up against someone who already has that exact same job title they are obviously going to get the job over you because they have the direct experience already. I say it's unfair... but life is unfair. So..
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Scheduling. Excellent Health benefits. Fun workplace. Easy enough.

Cons: I wouldn't say any specific cons. I left due to relocating elsewhere.
Advice: I have no advice.
Pros: This is a place where innovative minds meet. Great management and support throughout my time.

Cons: Not a lot to speak of.
Advice: None
Pros: I really enjoyed working at Apple in a variety of different positions and teams. If you work hard and with honesty you can go far. I had nothing but good managers and teammates and would love to be back there sometime.

Cons: No free food from the cafeteria
Advice: None
Pros: Subsidized housing and reimbursed flight

Cons: red tape with all corporations
Advice: None
Pros: love the freedoms to explore new ideas

Cons: Doesn't care about their employees 
Call center
Doesn't value people
Adds more to peoples plate constantly
No growth
Advice: None
Pros: Cool
Fun
Great
Neat
Exciting

Cons: its was great i think
Advice: None
Pros: good worklife balance i thnk

Cons: Pressure to perform and everyone is smarter than you
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and interesting work

Cons: - cult mentality
- bad vibes
- mega- corporation
- exhausting clientele
Advice: None
Pros: - decent pay for a retail job
- multiple breaks throughout the day
- discounts
- benefits for part time employees

Cons: Apple is a company that has mastered the "golden handcuffs" - as a mentor I routinely helped retrain employees coming back from mental health leaves because the role of back to back phonecalls was giving them anxiety breakdowns. A lot of times they would call out during retraining and go back out on leave or flat out quit.
Advice: Just ditch the phones. You let customers abuse employees to mental health episodes and just cycle them out. I had to quit because my therapist told me she was worried about me and Apple refused to just let me do chat support, instead. They said hey, we hired you for phones, we have no need for you anywhere else - and that's fine, but just know that is how Apple works. If you're on phones - you're just a step under chat (who also has mental health breakdowns, just not as often) 
Pros: Decent pay and benefits along with good discounts and amazing resume building

Cons: Almost too metric focused
Unorganized in high rush situations
Advice: Just take good care of your team and don’t push them over the edge 
Pros: Great environment 
Promotes internally
Great pay

Cons: Not much just dealing with new people attitudes
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay love your job

Cons: None available.. Nice place to work
Advice: None
Pros: It's a very good and fun work place

Cons: Hours are long.
Work is hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Team is strong with soft-skills.
Benefits greats.
Love my team.

Cons: Delay in leadership development, rapid change without acknowledgment and understanding of the team.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing resources and solid training, first hand experience with products.

Cons: Not flexible for full time. terrible flexibility if not disclosed early.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits. easy work. flexible as a part time employee doing schooling

Cons: idk man its a job have fun and get paid
Advice: nothing keep doing what you are doing 
Pros: good job i had fun while in was there

Cons: Easy to get stuck in a role, hard to move teams.
Internal tools are garbage, multiple overlapping systems, slow unreliable builds.
Nothing is written down, everything is tribal knowledge
Advice: Fix tools and allow people to move
Pros: Good pay
Friendly respectful culture
Good work life balance
It's Apple!

Cons: pay should be more competitive
Advice: None
Pros: everything is great here and totally love it.

Cons: Company is too large now, slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: Job security, stable stock, some innovations

Cons: Lots of bodies all over the place
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Lots of flowers always around

Cons: they need more security cameras
Advice: better staff management of employee
Pros: they have great secrutiy guards

Cons: Scheduling can be better and can get very busy
Advice: Better communication, and helping the team overall
Pros: Great benefits and great people to work with

Cons: Store under constant changes. Can be to much at times. Work life balance can take a hit
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for retail work,

Cons: Apple so wishes you were just a robot with no will/ideas of your own whose memories could be removed when you go home
Advice: None
Pros: High stress high pay. Low actual ability to do or accomplish anything

Cons: I am envious of the perks my friends at google and facebook get. They work in disneyland.
Advice: keep the stock high.
Pros: Stability , equity growth and good people

Cons: Having to deal with Apple customers is a special kind of awful. It's also hard to fully enjoy work if you aren't a huge Apple fanboy. Hard to advance if you aren't in the top of the top performers.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are solid for full time employees.

Cons: Retail hours can be tough.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Amazing culture. Great pay and benefits

Cons: nothing i can think about
Advice: None
Pros: very good. supportive environment with competitive salaries

Cons: Time off is hard to get
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, great discounts, and fun culture

Cons: Retail environment, since covid hiring has been slow
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced
up to date with latest tech trends 
diverse

Cons: Not complete hardware development team.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work flow and team structure.

Cons: Work/life balance is pretty poor, hard to get time off even with using vacation
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, great coworkers and community

Cons: I have none about this place
Advice: None
Pros: the place was clean already

Cons: Extremely stressful workplace environment.
Management is disconnected and often time has no idea what the overall situation is. Also severely ignorant of employee well being and feedback. They love to give it, and encourage subordinate employees to do so as well. However when it’s given it is met with a blank stare, a fake smile, and head nod and no further engagement or follow up. Yet when they give feedback they will literally follow you around, interrupt customer engagements making things incredibly tense and awkward all while being critical for your the sole reason of “acting like a manager” and not for sincerely trying to help you develop as an employee. Managers are often hired externally and internal ladder climbing is extremely difficult. 
No performance based bonuses of any kind, nothing much to incentivize hard work. Yet management profits off of employee performance and metrics via bonuses. 
Awful work life balance. 
It’s an incredibly stressful retail environment shown as being different from other places with sugary words and fake smiles. 
Potential for career development is next to non existent as the company for the last few years has severely limited upward growth and hiring for new positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for both part time and full time employees. 
Employee stock purchase plan. 
Employee environment (save management and corporate) is made up of some fantastic people.

Cons: work can get busy sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Very interesting work and amazing team

Cons: It's retail and you're operating according to mall hours, which is the biggest con. This is something you know from the start.
Advice: I wasn't a fan of the manager I reported to. It seemed as of he was just going through the motions day in and day out. My advice for management would be to promote employees to upper management that really have a passion for developing others. 
Pros: When I began working there in 2018 it had such a family vibe. We were all close and that made it easy for me to want to go to work each and everyday. The pay and benefits at the time were great and the opportunity for growth within the store was limitless.

Cons: the information doesn't get across very smoothly.
Advice: None
Pros: the work here is done with very hight quality.

Cons: work life balance is not the greatest
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has fast paced projects and cross team collaboration

Cons: Some poor customer interactions. But is expected in sales.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and apple product discounts are both great.

Cons: Genuinely nothing, I love what I do
Advice: Not the forum for this, Apple has an open door policy to speak to your leadership team about concerns. Apple is responsive to all types of feedback.
Pros: Company cares about their customers, employees, and our CEO is effective in balancing company interests with social justice and political interests.

Cons: Schedule/work life balance
Micromanagement 
Biased feedback 
Opportunity for Growth 
Opportunity for growth in salary
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Culture
Training
Discounts
Volunteer Matching

Cons: Silo'ed groups. Not much room for advancement if you aren't part of the inner circle.
Advice: None
Pros: Stock plan, bonuses, campus is great.

Cons: Unless you are within the inner circles of the right groups, you won't get where you want. Life balance is something they "champion" but it's non existent.
Advice: Circa 2011, employees were treat like corporate employees. The bottom line did not matter as much so long as we were happy. Happy employee led to happy customers. 
Pros: You make some life long friends along the way.

Cons: Long hours, micro-management and weekend work.
Advice: Trust your employees more. Team specific. 
Pros: Stability and surrounded by smart, driven coworkers.

Cons: I found that Apple sometimes had some disconnect from corporate to retail in terms of truly listening and actioning on feedback from the employees of Apple Retail.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked at Apple Boylston while studying in Boston. I loved the people I worked with and the benefits afforded to even the part-time employees of the company.

Cons: nothing bad to say at all
Advice: None
Pros: great team and work environment

Cons: This is where I am gonna let loose a bit. Things at Apple changed after covid to a point where micro management has been running rampant. The need to gain revenue out weighs the customer journey as well as set base procedures. Management claims that they are transparent but in reality they never have any clear insight or direction. Management also finds it funny to talk about employees behind there backs and do not want to held accountable when appraoched about the matter. If you are looking to join Apple retail be prepared to be over worked to the point where burnout becomes the norm.
Advice: Listen to your team, help them, and if there is a issue have there backs. Also learn to be accountable for your negative actions. Lead by example though we all know thats not gonna happen just seeing how things have been!
Pros: I have had the opportunity to work with some really creative folks. The benefits are good with a lot of discounts on cellular services and products. The pay wasnt bad either for a retail job.

Cons: Criminally underpaid compared to market
Advice: None
Pros: Good health care and PTO

Cons: There is lack of transparency sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: There's great work life balance

Cons: The culture does not support an entrepreneurial passion.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture supports people that want have great job security and longevity.

Cons: Hours can be long and irritating
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is pretty good for entry level

Cons: Most of the great opportunities in this company is not available to remote workers. Make sure you can move on site or you will be in a dead end.
Advice: None
Pros: They are generous with paid time off and it is usually very easy to take. Before inflation went insane in this area, it was good pay.

Cons: -not many opportunities for full time
-part time health insurance sucks
-the worst customers, expected to be a mini-manager, they teach you how to try to align with customers but honestly it’s really hard to deal with people who have insane expectations about what can be done to solve their issue and every. Many people who aren’t entirely mentally there frequent this establishment. You’re going to have to help people who think the cia is after them or many other things. People who are the worst at managing their emotions will be the people you need to help. This isn’t regular retail. I’ve worked retail 9 years and this is next level. It’s so draining and toxic.
-HR fires people very easily. Best to keep to yourself instead of trying to be yourself at work. I know multiple people fired who were just venting to coworkers. 
-this is the kind of place where you have to send recaps of conversations to managers because they will say something and then change their mind the next time you talk to them and say they never said that.
-it’s so understaffed, many people have left and their spots were not back filled. Feels like every day it gets busier and less staffed.
Advice: Stop being anti-union, respect people with disabilities,
Pros: -decent wage for retail
-sort of flexible schedule for retail
-you get sick time and vacation 
-stock options and 401k match are nice

Cons: Scheduling makes it hard to have consistency outside of work.
Advice: None
Pros: If you work hard, you will get rewarded.

Cons: Pay was too low for me to stay otherwise I would still be there.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible people and top notch training

Cons: There are always customers in need of assistance. Therefore, the company is sold and work is sometimes overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: There are always new products, services and products to support.

Cons: Favoritism &amp; dealing with coporate culture at the retail level is annoying
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, Benefits, Resources, Environment, Discount

Cons: Not a lot of schedule flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Has great managers and amazing place to work at.

Cons: If you’re not self motivated, you may get lost
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to grow and develop
Great support from leadership

Cons: Expected to work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good growth oppys

Cons: Nothing that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: A Good entry level job

Cons: Do more with less is becoming Apple's approach to employees. Be prepared to be asked for more than what Apple values you at.
Advice: Please stop telling people this job is different from other sales jobs, that is a lie.
Pros: The pay is great for college students.

Cons: For me, I was a little too old for the retail hour life. Not even a con of the job or the company, obviously, but that's the only thing that let me to leave.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits and health coverage at Apple, even for part-time employees, was phenomenal. And if you're in Austin, getting access to all the on-site medical professionals and offices at the main campus here makes things even more convenient and wonderful.

Also, I really believe that the best people in the world gravitate to and are chosen for hire by Apple. Made so many great friends there.

Cons: Long hours and a lot of expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Good shared values within team

Cons: Management were very about themselves for the most part. It’s a retail environment, but they think they are some big shots.
Advice: Don’t pretend to be a big shot. Or more specifically, don’t look down on others. 
Pros: I really liked the people I worked with.

Cons: do not have much cons
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good company to work at. Amazing people to work with

Cons: strong hierachy within the company
Advice: None
Pros: good to work at for young people

Cons: Too secretive about projects and data
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment, fun problems

Cons: sometimes co-workers, hard to move up, not many permanent positions
Advice: None
Pros: friendly, life balance, no dress code

Cons: One needs to put in extra time learning, and working with the public is *always* a challenge.
Advice: They're actually fine at my store.
Pros: Especially for part-time, the benefits are great. The company bends over backwards to try to make a good working environment. For the most part I think they succeed.

Cons: Extremely competitive and difficult to be promoted from within.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and pay. Great coworkers

Cons: Long working hours and high expectations
Advice: Better culture
Pros: Good perks if you perform

Cons: I think there are too many managers
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing atmosphere and team to be apart of

Cons: Many project 
Many deadlines
Pay is alright
Advice: Have more ppl hired
Pros: Very helpful
Lots of training and feedback 
Courses

Cons: Long commute if you live outside of Sacramento
Advice: None
Pros: Great in-person work experience for the company

Cons: - Too much "drinking the kool aid". WAY too much. I hope this is an apt metaphor: Imagine you have an 8oz cup in your hand. They pour a 64oz pitcher of Kool-Aid into your 8oz. cup. Then they pour a pitcher of sugar into the same cup. You get diabetes. The amount of company propaganda is absolutely astounding and excessive to point of being absolutely ridiculous, wherein you feel like a caricature of yourself wearing this blue shirt. This is coming from me, a lifelong Apple fan since 1987 (the year I started using computers).
- FAR too much bashing of anything that isn't Apple. Apple has now decided as a company, to compare itself to Samsung and Google, etc etc. It used to decide not to compare itself to anybody. This shows everywhere from development to retail attitudes.
- Willing isolation from and ignorance of the rest of the world of technology. Apple exists in a bubble, and those within the bubble are blissfully unaware that any other technology is relevant and useful. I heard one employee say that Microsoft Office is going the way of the dinosaurs. Nobody called him out on this. What dream world is he living in???? Isn't it better to learn Apple's technology in a way that helps it workably coexist with other technology? This is equally as important as learning the Apple ecosystem, which, yes, in itself is amazing.
- Training is too general, not specific enough to help sharpen one's technical skill set on a consistent basis.
- No ongoing training program to keep your technical skills sharp and up to date. Instead, they offer "Pathways", which is meant to improve your social skills. Great! But isn't that why they hired us to begin with? You have to search Apple's technical reporting system for relevant known issues, which is fine but if you don't (and a lot of techs don't)  you usually find out what those are when a customer has a problem and you don't know the answer. One person who happened to look at iDesk might know the answer, but if they're not available, you may end up giving the customer the wrong solution. The signal to noise ratio of important, specific information is a total mess.
- "I can't believe they re-arranged the lockers. I'm thinking about quitting now." Everyone joins in agreement. Really, guys? C'mon. Again, as I mentioned in my point about the Apple "bubble", the perception of reality can be largely distorted. Management has to work REALLY REALLY hard to bend over backwards for every little thing. So how much energy do they have left over to make sure their techs are up to date, or that sales staff knows their specs and has good ways of explaining tech to non-tech people? Apple is very big on managing expectations for customers (great, actually!) but could do a lot better to manage expectations for employees. Maybe this would improve management's time and ability to fix some more important issues.
- Far too many points of contact for customers. A customer may end up talking to between 4 and 8 different people who may end up telling them lots of conflicting things. Either communication needs to improve in the store or the number of contact points needs to decrease somehow.
Advice: My feedback section was long, I realize, but it's because I genuinely care about Apple as a company and would love to see things improve in real, tangible ways where the signal to noise ratio is considered for retail as much as it is considered for its products and services!

Consider and analyze the cons I wrote above and communicate them with your market leaders! How successful IS Pathways, really, for example? Everything has to be given a chance to work, of course, but I think maybe corporate doesn't get enough constructive feedback from its retail stores for fear of being perceived as not having put enough effort into making these things work.

Regardless, I loved working for Apple and would absolutely return given the need and/or opportunity.
Pros: - Great benefits 
- great work environment
- great salary (especially for retail)
- lots of peer support
- lots of management support
- lots of learning experiences and resources
- opportunity for advancement
- opportunities for "career experiences" in corporate roles, for retail staff (underutilized, apparently. go for it!)
- you become really good friends with your peer group, or maybe even family!
- Amazing sense of belonging and community
- great stepping stone to new career, if that is your choice

Cons: Work life balance is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Offer great benefits and perks

Cons: a lot of work hard to balance
Advice: None
Pros: pay is pretty solid ngl

Cons: There is no opportunity for remote workers growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and job security.

Cons: so many employees it's very hard to get promoted if you aren't one of the "favorites " or Kool-aid drinkers
Advice: None
Pros: pay 
benefits
work life balance 
tons of paid sick time 
allowed to call out for emergencies without suspicion or guilt trips

Cons: Expectations are high and meeting them at times may extend into personal time.
Advice: None
Pros: You'll work with some of the smartest people you've ever met.

Cons: Growth if you are in retail is nearly impossible, the route is to start in retail, leave for another company, and come back to corporate. It sucks that it feels that way but that's how it is.
Advice: Care about your employee's contributions even when it doesn't personally benefit you.
Pros: Benefits and stability are the overall pros

Cons: must work weekends or make switches
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, cooperative, friendly, fair environment.

Cons: not many cons. great company
Advice: None
Pros: great company culture and environment

Cons: its still a retail job so that comes with certain stress
Advice: None
Pros: love it there it was amazing

Cons: I didn't know of any downsides.
Advice: None
Pros: The store was accommodating, and the managers were super flexible with their employees.

Cons: Retail hours. Painfully crowded work environment. Customers will be awful to you &amp; you will see people at their worst. You’ll be lied to, every day. Store leadership has their preferiti, to be on the outside of that group looking in is maddening. Traditional work ethic is not valued, Even if you put your all into your role you may not advance unless you meet the store’s unspoken demographic needs. Store &amp; regional leadership maintain a cult-like devotion to a credo, which will destroy your mental health if you do not completely subscribe. The technical skills you develop are only useful in an Apple Store, the special tools you’ll rely on are rarely available outside of apple.
Advice: None, 
Pros: You get immersed in really innovative and fashionable technologies. You learn a great deal about reading people, conflict resolution, and quick thinking. Good benefits and employee discount.

Cons: Not much I could say
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, amazing to be there

Cons: It’s a giant company so sometimes there is a lot of bureaucracy.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with the best and brightest on the most exciting new products, very rewarding work.

Cons: Customer service can be difficult. Managers change frequently
Advice: None
Pros: Training program is well organized

Cons: It is a big corporation
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work and very nice people

Cons: Could be overwhelming at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people and work environment. Room to grow.

Cons: Just wish I had more hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere to work managers are very understanding

Cons: I honestly can't remember. I was drunk.
Advice: Put some pants on if you're free balling.
Pros: It was fun and a little sexy.

Cons: No real ownership over your journey at the company. No real ownership of your time. Treated poorly by customers without any real support from management. Company spends ridiculous amount of time and resources on convincing their employees that they work for an incredible company, instead of actually making working conditions better, sustainable, or competitive. In truth, most people who work for the retail stores are treated as absolutely disposable if they do not appear enthusiastic for their sub-par working conditions.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are decent for a part-time job

Cons: The culture can be extremely toxic at times. The people can make or break it. Upward mobility can be a challenge.
Advice: Less time glued to spreadsheets and cracking the whip. More time learning and reading about what great leadership is. Then implement.
Pros: Probably one of the most secure jobs in retail and the pay is decent.

Cons: work life balance is not the greatest
Advice: None
Pros: Fun time good atmosphere - good team

Cons: Retail was not sustainable as a career.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and interesting colleagues.

Cons: very hard to move up in ranks, lack of flexibility in schedule, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, fun place to work, lot to learn, good discount, good experience

Cons: not much to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and discounts and stuff

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to use services

Cons: Schedule can be a pain
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for, many advancement opprotunites

Cons: not a downside i think now
Advice: None
Pros: good company reliable helpful great

Cons: Overtime, management became micromanaging. Favoritism gets to an all time high. The mental health of employees is extremely pushed. 80% of your life and time is absorbed by the company. Micro-aggressions are definitely apart of the culture in the retail stores, even though they claim to be zero tolerance. People of a certain color get penalized swiftly with the harshest consequences, while certain others are given an infinite amount of chances for the same offense or worse.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall benefits were great, you got a lot of discounts with different companies. Pay was somewhat decent. You get to meet a great, diverse group of people to work with. You get to learn a lot of new skills in tech.

Cons: High competition, need to stretch most of the times
Advice: None
Pros: wonderful culture and great experience

Cons: Not many, it’s great to be there.
Advice: None
Pros: Feel rewarded for hard work

Cons: Hard to advice without staying in the company for decades.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working, great benefits, smartest people in the world.

Cons: There is a lot of competition
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, great learning environment

Cons: Working hour too long to handle
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and Cooperative always with employees

Cons: Micro-managed, no work-life balance, poor mid-level management, no options for advancement, doesn't support professional development.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, nice campus, good products.

Cons: Some stores have inconsistent management but overall it's not awful. Not miseable
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and a management team who is willing to work with you for any reason

Cons: work is challenging and sometimes stressful
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, high-paid, beautiful working place

Cons: care for your employees more
Advice: None
Pros: very good pay and benefits

Cons: Terrible customers
No paid sick time for long periods 
Vacation time is very hard to get
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Flexible hours based on your schedule 
Clear shifts
Great staff

Cons: Career progression in retail can be stagnant.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and benefits for full time employees.

Cons: Depending on your org, there can be a lot of work and/or politics to navigate. While the company has been going through a lot of macroeconomic turbulence over the last couple years, the company has done very little to incentivize their top talent to stay while the stock has been dropping (i.e. small bonuses and raises, no improvements to perks and benefits, etc.). The tech sector outside is doing pretty well, so it's clear a lot of people are starting to look over the fence for greener pastures elsewhere.
Advice: Please do more to address your workforce's concerns in these challenging times.
Pros: Lots of very smart folks working hard on a mission most truly believe in: to produce the best products ever for all consumers in the world.

Cons: The growth and development is limited. Being a retail store, there is only so much you can do to move up and only so many positions available. Going from retail to corp is very hard to do.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits of the job are great. The pay is a decent high standard for a retail store.

Cons: Work/Life Balance
Occasional Rude Customers
Advice: None
Pros: High pay 
Remote Work
Good Benefits

Cons: Too much stress and old people sucked
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Lack of advancement and useless managers
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good. Commodity is well funded

Cons: Great company. You work for what you get. Nothing handed to you.
Advice: Continue your transparency in the work we do. I love the leadership here
Pros: RSU’s. Pay. COURSERA. Apple now pays up to 100% for advanced degrees. The people

Cons: nothing much if youre diligent
Advice: None
Pros: top company ever, stay strong

Cons: -Continuously adding new repsonsibilities without an increase in salary
-Some instances put us in untenable positions with customers
-Upper management seems to pay lip service to the issues that affect the folks on the phone
-No advancement to other positions for AHA (At Home Advisors) or other career opportunities, unless we relocate, and some of us simply can't do that.
Advice: Start adding a salary increase when new repsonsibilities are added, when I started, I supported iOS devices... I opted to add Mac skills as well.  Since then, I have been given Apple TV, Beats, AirPods, Creative Media applications, Apple TV+ App, HomePods/HomeApp/Smart home devices to go along with supporting iPhones, iPads, and all Macs.  I don't care if the responsibilities were added, what I care about is the amount of work I am being asked to take on, without an increase in salary.
Pros: -Good benefits
-Good work-life balance
-Stock plan
-Decent management at the team level

Cons: They will not accommodate your disability needs.
Advice: Do better.
Pros: The prestige, but honestly that hasn't gotten me very far.

Cons: As it grows it becomes more like other companies. Pay is probably under median because of the benefit of having Apple on your resume. Hard to avoid pointless goals and metrics.
Advice: None
Pros: If you love Apple stuff, you can work on it all day long.

Cons: It can get pretty repetitive
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job and good pay

Cons: Pay as a female is horrible
You don’t get promoted for your hard work 
You get yelled at 99% of the time
Advice: Managers need to be humbled 
Pros: Great benefits and pay kinda

Cons: While Apple stands as an iconic beacon of innovation, working as a creative within its confines can present challenges. The company’s relentless pursuit of perfection often translates to high expectations and pressures, potentially leading to long hours and demanding work schedules. The collaborative environment, though fostering innovation, can sometimes mean limited individual creative autonomy due to Apple’s stringent design philosophies and brand guidelines. Being part of such a massive organization can sometimes make individual contributions feel like a drop in the ocean, potentially leading to feelings of being overshadowed. Additionally, the high visibility of Apple’s products means any design flaw or oversight is magnified in the public eye, bringing its own set of pressures. Lastly, while Apple’s reputation is a boon, it also sets a high bar, making the competition fierce among peers, which can be both motivating and daunting.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Apple as a creative offers a unique blend of opportunities and advantages. With its longstanding legacy of innovation and design, Apple provides a platform where creativity merges seamlessly with functionality. This collaborative environment ensures that designers, engineers, and other professionals work in tandem, benefiting from cutting-edge tools and resources to bring their visions to life. Moreover, as a creative at Apple, your work has the potential to make a global impact, touching millions of lives and setting industry standards. Beyond the tangible products, Apple’s commitment to professional development ensures continual learning, allowing you to evolve and grow in your role. Furthermore, the prestige of being associated with one of the world’s most esteemed brands adds significant value to a creative’s professional journey.

Cons: This specific store has 2 sides, the side you see on the sales floor has nice and supportive managers, friendly staff and an inclusive environment. However, the other side (management) is surprisingly the complete opposite. Managers constantly talk badly about the people that work for them, saying inappropriate and controversial things about these employees who bend over backwards to appease this company's metrics and you're expected to agree with these terrible things said about the people we are managing. It's honestly disgusting. I've had a manager tell me, "what's said in this office stays in this office". That's when I knew I would not fit in here. I wish I reported my many encounters when I worked for this organization but I was afraid of the retaliation that I would face. However, there are definitely those who feed into their toxic ways and work their way to the top of this organization. So, if you specialize in a** kissing then this is the place to work. But if you like to play fair, follow code of conduct and treat everyone equally don't even bother because you will be outlawed by the insanity that happens behind management doors.
Advice: It will never change.
Pros: You can get away with anything especially if you're "liked" by the current store manager. 
Pay/Salary
Benefits
Overtime

Cons: Retail schedule is sporadic. PTO isn’t guaranteed during peak holiday season.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, offers a wide range of professional and personal development resources.

Cons: Low management turnover, preventing upward mobility.
Advice: None
Pros: You'll develop your skill set and level up your career.

Cons: Subdivisions of the corporation can be hit or miss.
Advice: None
Pros: The corporation itself cares about you.

Cons: Better pay woulf be better for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace to work at and friendly

Cons: The demand for exceptional customer service and meeting sales targets can be intense and stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for Apple, a globally recognized and admired brand, enhances your resume and professional reputation.

Cons: No free food or cafeteria
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the smartest people in the world, lots of crossfunctional work

Cons: Don't support the overall push for no DIY repairs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good income and comfortable communitcation with peers

Cons: Minimal pay raise, hard to transfer to other teams
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed and flexible work environment

Cons: people work too hard and thats rough
Advice: None
Pros: fun, excitcing, and of course top

Cons: management has the worst turnover rate I've ever seen in a company seen 6 new managers in a year.
Hours are not flexible you put in an algorithm and you work when the algorithm schedules you.
Advice: Stop hiring externally and bring up the people who know and care for the job
Pros: Benefits are the best
work is easy

Cons: Stressful, and very competitive work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, nice work life balance

Cons: Often negative environment because everyone has an Apple Phone so you fend off some negative energy; people only call when they have problems and often their warranty won't cover it.
Advice: Better working hours and allow holidays off in a different way.
Pros: Steady work, good health insurance, hybrid work schedule

Cons: Divided by organization, including some heavily male engineering teams. Difficult to understand one's future paths through the company, or how to advance one's career.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team and work environment, great support and general ecosystem in SCV.

Cons: management is up on you and can be annoying
Advice: None
Pros: it is very good for people starting out

Cons: Too many to write about to be honest.
Advice: Nothing, they wouldn't listen anyway.
Pros: Benefits were ok at best

Cons: Retail has its own caveats, such as long scheduling hours, and it can be difficult to translate skills to transition to corporate roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great company to work for with great benefits for its employees.

Cons: The most exhausting aspect of this job is the extent to which leaders are required to babysit the team. Everyone takes extended paid leaves of absence for several months, returns to work for a brief period, and then goes on leave again. There are no repercussions for this pattern. However, although half of the team is on leave, we are still expected to drive the same results as if we were fully staffed at all times. The way our results are measured is not equitable.
Advice: None
Pros: If you want to continue pursuing your retail career, Apple is the best company for it. The compensation is the best; you get to work with innovative people.

Cons: Wear too many hats with little to no real compensation for growing skillset
Advice: Offer incentives to be multi-skilled. Everyone can’t handle multi things.
Pros: Benefits for part time employees

Cons: HR can be faster and agile
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment is very positive

Cons: Can be very understaffed at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee benefits and team-working space.

Cons: Micro managing 
Schedule changes a lot
Expected to do your job and others
Advice: Managers need to stop micro managing. Managers need to get hands dirty and not act above helping instead.
Pros: Great benefits 
Good pay
Set days off 
Great community 
Great time away

Cons: You get fired if you have a a relapse of cancer, and begin the process of Medical Leave.
Advice: None
Pros: You read that correctly, people!

Cons: High paying salaries and development
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment in the office

Cons: High stress, manipulative management, you are just a number too them.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, decent pay and discounts

Cons: HR, as usual, is not on your side. Management can do almost anything they want. They can be rude, insult you, and you have no recourse. HR is only concerned if there's reason for you to sue the company, otherwise it's a free for all.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to work with very smart and passionate people and get well compensated for hard work.

Cons: grumpy spoiled customers, high call volume
Advice: None
Pros: work from home, great salary, excellent benefits

Cons: The hours could be long.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the comraderie and clever people.

Cons: None at the moment, but we will see
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work at.

Cons: There is no con. It's all good.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is great place to work.

Cons: it can be hard sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: - good tech
- awesome and smart people

Cons: Longer working hours throughout week
Advice: None
Pros: High impact and important work

Cons: growth opportunities are hard to come by.
Advice: None
Pros: Possibly best paying retail job you will find

Cons: - management can vary from store to store. Some managers are absolutely terrible
Advice: None
Pros: - good benefits 
- good pay

Cons: Role can become non technical
Advice: None
Pros: Brilliant engineering team to work with

Cons: No cons at all. All good
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: Project planning takes too long
Advice: None
Pros: Privacy focused
User obsessed
Smaller teams

Cons: - stressful 
- high pressure environment
Advice: None
Pros: - good pay 
- good experience 
- great team

Cons: Not as much freedom to implement new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: So many perks! Really love working here

Cons: ✖ Intense work culture
✖ Limited work-life balance
✖ High pressure and fast-paced environment
✖ Strict hierarchy and top-down management
✖ Limited opportunities for career advancement
✖ Limited flexibility in decision-making
Advice: Micromanagement poses a myriad of detrimental effects on the workplace. It not only frustrates employees but also leaves room for errors on both ends. Moreover, its lack of scalability makes it an inefficient management approach, diverting managers from focusing on the bigger picture. The trust between employees and management can be damaged, leading to increased burnout among both managers and teams. Additionally, the overreliance on micromanagement can create a culture of dependency and ultimately contribute to a higher turnover rate within the organization. Therefore, I will not be coming back
Pros: 🌟 Opportunities for skill development and training
🌟 Employee discounts on Apple products
🌟 Engaging with cutting-edge technology
🌟 Supportive and inclusive team culture

Cons: Bad manager. No training to help ramp up. When encounter problem, manager refuse to help and ask you to solve it yourself. Back work life balance. Way too many meeting, need to use personal time to actually work on your own tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, nice office, very fast pace

Cons: Still a retail job. Very sales driven but you don’t get commission. Gets wildly busy on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great befits
Good pay
Great discounts

Cons: Long hours especially during a release.
Advice: Management is friendly.
Pros: Fun environment to work in.

Cons: -The positions that open are only available depending on if someone leaves so trying to promote may be difficult. Its all about timing.
-Everyone is always looking for a promotion so the candidate pool is very competitive
-Store Leader is almost non existent and depending on who you get you could run into someone who will fire you at will just because they don't like you. They will think of any reason and make up any story to get rid of you and wait for the perfect opportunity,
-50/50 on Managers. Some are really nice and helpful, some you question how they even got the job.
Advice: You either got to management by being where everyone else was or hired externally. Listen to your colleagues more and don't look down on them just because you're a manager. While you have the power to make their lives miserable you represent Apple's culture. You get paid significantly but still choose to be miserable and condescending. 
Pros: -Discounts for personal are 25% and discounts for friends and family are 15%
-All inclusive healthcare benefits
-Discounted Stock Purchase Program
-Holiday Pay
-Lots of PTO for full timers
-Lots of room for growth within company

Cons: Poor management
Lack of hours
Sickening expectations
Lack of growth
Advice: Please strop micromanaging and take time to get to know your employees, open them up so they can improve.
Pros: Great people
Nice atmosphere
Strong community

Cons: Micro managing low staff and lots of favoritism
Advice: Do better
Pros: Good pay good coworkers and good benefits

Cons: customers stink :/
don’t feel a ton of support from management in tough situations w customers 
career experiences are stupid hard to get from the amount of applications they receive 
hard to move to corporate
Advice: None
Pros: benefits 
work environment
inclusivity
easy to move up if you have a good attitude and work ethic

Cons: none i can think off
Advice: None
Pros: awesome culture
management is keen to listen and understand pain points

Cons: You have to work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Cant say much, only started recently
Everyone is very nice and supportive
Thou, it is still retail job. Most people quit after 2 years or so

Cons: BORING. You're a vending machine to people. You say the same script to everyone and it's brainrot. Micro managed like crazy.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits and it's easy.

Cons: Glassdoor is not as good as it used to be.
Advice: None
Pros: so this is a fake review

Cons: No more work from home opportunities available unless you are a college student which is only part time.
Advice: Offer to promote work from home employees again.
Pros: Multiple opportunities available as far as career growth. Competitive pay and awesome leadership.

Cons: * Workload at times
* More RSUs for non-Senior Level people
Advice: None
Pros: * Ever-evolving business strategies 
* Hard working Senior leadership 
* Innovation at the highest of levels

Cons: They use Apple’s public fame to trap new employees stepping into the positions that lied on job posting and interviews. The real inside of the company is a dumpster, extremely toxic, back stabbing, dishonest unethical.
Advice: It’s a top company in public, but a bottom level indeed.
Pros: You can get discount if you buy Apple products

Cons: Slow paced, not too many room for mistakes
Advice: They can look into how to better setup employees for their deadlines and schedules
Pros: Great work environment, amazing company culture

Cons: Short staffing, random scheduling (hard to plan outside of work life around), disconnect with managers regarding schedule and hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, decent working environment, easy everyday tasks

Cons: management
hiring process
lack of work life balance
lack of transparency
unrealistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: the respect amongst the team is like none other.

Cons: Hard and Can be tiring
Advice: Noneee
Pros: Great pay and really fun

Cons: Work load and time away
Advice: None
Pros: Analytic, non-customer facing, individual contributor

Cons: Not enough bathrooms and TP
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, benefits and environment

Cons: None so far. I will report later.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Experience and get to work on complex technologies

Cons: Work life balance is non existent
Corporate and retail are very disconnected which leads to counter-productive rollout of projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Probably the best retail-manager paying job there is.
Very progressive company (I understand this will not appeal to all)
Incredible benefits
Stability
Name recognition

Cons: Hard to get weekends off
Manager is hot and cold
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay for part-time job
Friendly employees

Cons: Office politics and common pain points.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company and benefits at the retail level. Amazing opportunity for growth.

Cons: Keeping employees on part time to avoid paying benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Good way to get your foot in the door with a respected company.

Cons: It's retail. Retail sucks, no matter how much you're making or how much zen your employer attempts to infuse into the work environment.
Advice: Listen to employees and care less about numbers.
Pros: If you're young, the pros are many. Great insurance and benefits, as well as an almost overwhelming amount of opportunities for education and training.

Cons: Very bad management, poor salary, no opportunity growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, hybrid, discounts, over qualified employees

Cons: work life balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Employee benefit and working environment

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: hot company in Silicon Valley

Cons: strict on certain things such as breaks
Advice: None
Pros: amazing work and the whole vibe is amazing

Cons: Pay is competitive albeit maybe slightly lower than similar roles at other tech giants.
Advice: Clarity on criteria for promotion.
Pros: Has been a great place to work in terms of culture, the people, and the products.

Cons: - Gathering some of the smartest people in the world also means gathering some of the biggest egos in the world, who will always want it their way
- Everyone needs to see work before it moves up the chain, making review cycles excessive long
- CYA is the first and foremost work philosophy which makes collaboration insanely difficult
- If you're liked by the in-group, you're golden; if not, then you're SoL
Advice: - Actually advocate for a flat environment instead of always deferring and prioritizing the executives and leadership
- Empower people to share their thoughts and views (inside and outside the work)
Pros: - Get to work with some of the smartest people on some of the coolest, bleeding-edge projects in the world
- Great benefits
- DEI initiatives are actively pushed for on the ground level

Cons: A lot of people work here
Advice: None
Pros: Good job, benefits and salary

Cons: No cons to even say about them honestly.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work!! Everyone is amazing!

Cons: Lots of incoming traffic at all times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great insurance &amp; pay. Friendly coworkers.

Cons: Slow growth, standing on your feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment, nice office spaces in the back

Cons: - opportunities for hiring and moving around seems limited
Advice: None
Pros: - supportive management
- fun coworkers
- opportunity for authentic connection with customers
- amazing benefits

Cons: Overworked, underpaid at expert level positions. Experience GREATLY varies depending on what store you work at. Work life balance sucks.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, company culture is pretty decent, managers supposedly care, opportunity for internal movement isngreat.

Cons: heavy call volume, not flexible with time off, and odd shifts.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple benefits, employee benefits, provided equipment

Cons: Poor middle managers; not enough 1:1 time spent
Advice: None
Pros: Perks, dynamic and demanding work, learn something new everyday

Cons: working at apple will bring many challenging experiences with customers
Advice: i dont have any advice for managers, maybe listen to employees
Pros: working at apple brought great opportunities

Cons: nothing is bad here i like it
Advice: None
Pros: everything is great people are good i like it

Cons: I don’t even actually work for Apple
Advice: None
Pros: For real this is the worst

Cons: Work life balance, weekend and Holiday availability
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, opportunity to advance, good pay for being a retail store.

Cons: Management changes often
You live to work unless your part time
Advice: Get better ones 
Pros: Great company
Co workers become family 
Good moral

Cons: hard environment to climb up
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits for the employees

Cons: Upper management (Corporate) does not care about your experience. I was called a F@g by a customer to my face and the managers did nothing about it other than helping out the customer
Advice: None
Pros: Great benifits, great co-workers and peers

Cons: Beyond that it’s still retail. If you can grind you can move up the ranks. A part of that grind is moving to another cities for promotions
Advice: None
Pros: You work at Apple that’s about it

Cons: its ok honestly I swear
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: good very good indeed totally

Cons: Lots of late night calls with the factory. No ability to work in different locations or fully remote.
Advice: None
Pros: I really enjoyed my time at Apple. My managers were helpful and helped me grow.

Cons: Hours can be a grind.
Advice: Support the people who are putting in the work.
Pros: Great people to work with!

Cons: Culture leaves a lot to be desired
Advice: None
Pros: Take care of their employees financially

Cons: As I got older I was taking my job more seriously and it started to get harder when most of the people I work with were kids who didn’t care if they missed a shift. But that would ruin the day for those who had to pickup the slack. Also as the company started shifting their focus on sales. The technical roles became less technical and management became unbearable.
Advice: I would go back if the environment was like when Steve Jobs was alive. Bring old Apple retail back. Make your client happy if your employees are too.
Pros: Apple retail is a great job and gives great customer facing experience. This experience can help you in any industry.
I enjoy the people and some of the leaders were the best leaders of all time. Great job for when you are young.

Cons: Long hours, bad middle management, doing the work of multiple people at one time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great growth opps, working with some of the smartest people in the industry

Cons: Hard to reach out to Supervisor, or someone higher up that can assist in certain situations
Advice: None
Pros: Do not have to worry about travel or gas
Training is provided Computer and equipment provided

Cons: Call center environment/company allows peer reviews/
Advice: Management is good as long as you are in good with them it’s about who you know to get ahead
Pros: Flexible schedule/ Paid Holidays/ benefits are pretty good

Cons: I cant name any to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: Uplifting environment, Benefits are top tier comparing to most store-front retail companies

Cons: working hours, being on the phone with rude customers
Advice: None
Pros: discounts and people that you work with

Cons: really bad leadership in austin location. "leaders" based in France and the UK trying to micromanage a small team in Austin so they send an inexperienced non-manager to lead. A lot of a** kissing required. if you don't drool at every product they put out, or fan boy/girl at everything, you're an outsider. It was so horrible I had to leave ASAP.
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, good pay but that's about it.

Cons: Management keep changing, project failed because of management change
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits is good.
Work with talents

Cons: -awful yearly compensation increases (0%-3%}
-no room to grow
-management only worried about customer satisfaction even if customers are abusive
Advice: Need to throw management into live calls for a few hours or even a few shifts per month to see how it feels instead of just coaching
Pros: -pay was decent 
-work from home
-great benefits

Cons: At the time I was working there, there was a system or a company you needed to work with called Sedgwick that was an absolute hassle to work with when filing for family leave. Some of the management wasn't organized and or as empathetic to situations and it made it very difficult to communicate with some. But overall it wasn't too bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, fast paced environment. I loved that with even working in the retail aspect of Apple you could get the benefit of going to the gym at corporate and healthcare wasn't too bad either.

Cons: My projects was secret and so I couldn't find out the details until I accepted the job. I asked if it was product based or R&amp;D and they said product based. But it turned out to be R&amp;D.
Advice: Nothing really.  Everyone was nice. I just think it's not something I would do again (joining a secret project).  Not my thing. 
Pros: Very intelligent people working on industry leading technology. 
Good stock grants

Cons: Project canceled leaving us homeless.
Advice: I hope that they could transfer us to new homes with him the company, but they didn't. 
Pros: I worked as lab technician building harnesses for bench testing and the vehicles. Everybody on the team were great and everybody were very helpful.

Cons: Only expect 2 promos across your career. Poor middle management. Heavy focus on making the deliverable vs the quality of said deliverable. Many teams compete against each other for project “glory” vs collaborative wins.
Advice:  When you ask your employees to give feedback in a WW survey, beat / force
participation into folks, and then punish them for being honest, you’re setting yourself up for a culture where you’ll never ever hear the truth again.  
Pros: Excellent benefits, great place to pick up experience.

Cons: Career growth. When it’s over, it’s done.
Advice: Grow up.
Pros: Fun. Good conversations. Growth. Cool company. HQ visits.

Cons: Demanding workload and tight staffing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and environment to work and grow.

Cons: Identity politics for promotions and other benefits
Advice: Less identity politics 
Pros: Benefits, 401k, sick time, snow days

Cons: Conversation between the workers good
Advice: Dhcnnf
Pros: Work with so many Processional is good

Cons: Can be very busy and high volume
Advice: None
Pros: Great management, great work life balance

Cons: Toxic leadership culture and unwilling to entertain outside ideas or focus on developing leaders. Was hired to find ways to improve processes and when found problem areas, told, “you just don’t know the Apple culture.”
Advice: Don’t be afraid to hold people accountable and be open to outside opinions and experiences. 
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Get to work in cool products

Cons: Work and experience is Highly team dependent
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting work in the ML domain

Cons: Retail managers earn bonuses on goals achieved, while other team leaders and members do not have financial incentives in commission or bonuses to motivate or reward them. The constant rotation of young employees, many of whom have a poor work ethic, brings down the overall team performance and morale. Opportunities for promotion and growth are limited by fluctuating headcount. When those opportunities open up, managers often hire outside the company to get "fresh talent" and then ask those they turned down to train the new hire for the job. Multiple reports on the unprofessional behavior of managers or team members may lead to documented coaching but rarely lead to accountability that requires a change of behavior. The lack of actual or perceived consequences allows complacency and apathy. Favoritism towards the young professional for career advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Full-time and part-time retail employees earn among the highest per-hour rates in retail. Both also have medical, dental, and vision benefits options, a matching 401(k), and stock options. Vacation days accrued based on the years served, no matter the role. Paid holidays and sick time. Short-term and long-term disability. A company that takes action on its values, including DEI, environment, and social responsibility. Multiple opportunities to continue education, including free degrees, certifications, and courses. There is also a tuition reimbursement program. The tenured team members have a strong work ethic and commitment to each other and their shared goals. A culture committed to learning, growth, and development.

Cons: Busy days in any retail environment can be exhausting.
Advice: None
Pros: Phenomenal benefits, very flexible scheduling, and so many growth opportunities within retail/corportate.

Cons: Few opportunities for career advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits (Health Insurance, Stock and 401 K Options)
Training (will always prepare you for next product)

Cons: - Culture is suffocating / soul sucking
- Customers are entitled and demanding 
- You are a literal cog, very little room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits, pretty holistic and worker focused.
- Cool coworkers
- Uniform makes getting ready real easy

Cons: Its a lot of work so there isn't much else to do.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of work that's new and exciting.

Cons: nerds, greed heads, godless woke politics, very very very very disorganized and understaffed
Advice: have some moral courage.  You are already generationally wealthy. Try to do something other than build your ego and wealth.  Help people.
Pros: Comp, neat projects, always enough work

Cons: Honestly hard to list. I don’t see any true negatives. I’ve worked at other companies and there isn’t anything that would make me want to leave. Yes, Apple comp is usually not as competitive as some other tech companies but they’re stable without being a sleepy giant. We’re still building exciting products and get to be a part of making history, experience stable employment and work with good people.
Advice: None
Pros: Stellar management team that tries their best to help 
Great communication
Long term view

Cons: Hated the hours that we had to work
Advice: None
Pros: It was good. Good environment

Cons: Lots of competition, and loads of work
Advice: Just keep boasting on ideas and interact with other employes
Pros: Good treatment, and well organised.

Cons: Schedule is not set lack of work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits discount on products

Cons: none none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Schechuldel flexible, good enviroment and

Cons: Managers call all the shots.
Advice: Trust the engineers, you have interviewed the hell out of them with 7 to 9 rounds.
Pros: If you are lucky to have a friendly manager you will love spending entire career here. else things can get pretty rough and unwelcoming

Cons: It's very difficult to get promoted internally. The only real opportunity for promotion is within your current role. Internal moves to a difference team/org are all considered lateral. There isn't much you can do to influence your annual review and raise. Whether you did the bare minimum or went above and beyond, you're most likely just going to get "achieved expectations" and the standard cost of living raise. Leaders don't always reward hard work. It's difficult to change anything. It's a big company with old processes, systems, and people which enable those things. Young/new employees always want to change things for the better and then often find out that they will have to get comfortable with the way things are, unless someone higher up wants something changed. 3 days a week in office is not fun. They aren't flexible with that. It's very corporate. If you like that, great. If you're looking for a startup techy environment, this isn't it. If you aren't in a "technical" role, you get screwed on pay and stocks. They give you the bare minimum and then give the whole world to the engineers.
Advice: Be more open to change. Be more flexible to employees' personal circumstances when enforcing new policies (like hybrid work). Pay people that aren't engineers more, including stock.
Pros: It's great to be part of a company like Apple. There are smart people everywhere and you have the opportunity to get to know any of them. I've had mostly good luck with managers, and the other leaders I've met all seem to be good people. It's definitely a place where you can get comfortable and ride out your career if you want, or you can work towards more if you want to gain more experience.

Cons: Lots of work
Tooling can be a bit out of date
Always asking for more
Advice: Try investing for longer-term
Pros: Good leadership
Layoff-proof
Good growth opportunities

Cons: Overpaid so you will overlook how you are treated. Actions support avoiding unionizing of team members. Leadership is not considered as they can’t unionize.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay. Stocks. Weekend day off.

Cons: Micro managing everything you do
Advice: Let people work in peace 
Pros: Good pay good structure and opportunity

Cons: Schedule can be tough to manage as it is retail
Advice: None
Pros: People, experience, friendships, growth, tech

Cons: I dont kniw what to say
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to work with full of nerds

Cons: Not a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts were cool perks but it didn’t pay my rent

Cons: The Vision Pro weighs 2lbs
Advice: Be kind, always
Pros: Good job to have for sure.

Cons: Overpriced products
Not very friendly work companions
Advice: None
Pros: Great to chat with customers

Cons: Long hours during work days
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and nice culture

Cons: Retail can only get so good.
Advice: None
Pros: Management was good, good about getting breaks on time.

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: nice people, good work environment

Cons: Poor communications between colleagues due to company policy
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, ok workload, good environment

Cons: Difficult to manage work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture
Salary
Discount on apple product

Cons: Not hired directly through Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn all about Apple products.

Cons: Not a long term project
Advice: None
Pros: Fun concepts and designers to work with.

Cons: Challenging environment and competition is tough
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and good compensation

Cons: competitive easy to lose job
Advice: None
Pros: I helped sell products at apple.

Cons: You can get overloaded pretty quickly
Advice: N.A
Pros: It is remote and it is pretty easy to catch on

Cons: Difficult to climb the corporate ladder if you’re not a developer or engineer
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for part time

Cons: Depending on what retail store you work in, you may have managers that micro manage and offer false promises. The work can be fast paced with mixed directions on how to approach customers and what way the store is running that day.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, decent pay if you aren't looking for a salaried role, and discounts on tech

Cons: Work gets pretty hectic sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and good place to work

Cons: Your work schedule, though flexible, is set for anywhere from a 3-6 month period. The pay is excellent but the environment can be very stressful. Management is mostly competent and helpful, but a few bad eggs do make it through. Reaching out above the normal escalation path is frowned upon, so getting to your boss' boss is difficult without them knowing.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment as you get to work from the comfort of your own home. The people you meet and work along side (though strictly via video/text chat and email) are amazing! Everybody believes in fostering growth and enhancing your skills. The type of dynamic most folks have with their Teams and Managers is inspiring. Working for Apple made me realize a lot about myself in order to become a better person.

Cons: no smoke zones and bars near
Advice: None
Pros: smoke zones far and best in city

Cons: No where to go, once you are in the door the likelyhood of staying in that 1 job for more than 10 years is about 99%. There is no room for movement anywhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay if you're in a "premium" area ex. Austin Tx.
Lots of benefits and great insurance

Cons: There are a lot of long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good employer, good benefits, lot of resources

Cons: Forced their culture down your throat
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and hours were manageable

Cons: you have to branch out to get a corporate role if that is what you desire
Advice: 
Pros: there great room for growth

Cons: Some disconnection from the HQ
Advice: Plan in advance the relocation as house rent is increasing
Pros: Great Work life balance with similar benefits as Bay Area

Cons: No work life balance at all
Advice: Reward your employees
Pros: Top company and great place to add to resume

Cons: Long hours
Working with customers
Advice: None
Pros: The people, culture, benefits are phenomenal (especially for part time)

Cons: Work load is high and salary is low
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and great learning experience

Cons: Rigid schedule
Micromanagement
Minimal flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Great infrastructure
Continuous research and development

Cons: Working from home makes you feel secluded.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of gifts and goals

Cons: Schedule limitations causes it to be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is very connected with development and feedback

Cons: * 3 four hour shifts during the week and 1 eight hour day either saturday or sunday.
Advice: None
Pros: * Only need to work 20 hours a week
* Work around your school schedule (proof required)
*Credit benefits for personal purchases
*Paid time off

Cons: - Had to relocate away from my preferred office site
Advice: None
Pros: - Great management in my org
- Room to grow professionally
- Prioritize flexibility of work assignments
- Good Benefits

Cons: Shift work can impact work life balance which is hard sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and coverage, for a retail style job it’s a good salary, good management

Cons: Becoming stagnant and not agile enough anymore
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge, longevity rewarded, Good RSU

Cons: Fast paced environment for anyone not ready for it
Advice: Management is good and they care about the business
Pros: The job is very fun and the co workers are usually very cool and laid back

Cons: the pay is very low and no perks
Advice: pay people more?
Pros: surrounded by like people who also love to be creative

Cons: Fast paced environment with poor management and lack of support
Advice: Hire more people and do more work yourself rather than putting it upon the workers who make half your pay.
Pros: Flexible hours and decent amount of vacation time with good benefits

Cons: hard to get promoted always understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: wlb comp interesting projects nice people

Cons: Sometimes hard to get anything done, being such a big corporation
Advice: None
Pros: Like the team and overall culture of the company. Cool to see everyone using products that I help build.

Cons: Toxic environment, not a lot of collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: Good comps overall, nice office

Cons: Part time hours can be tricky to get sometimes, but there is still lots of opportunity.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly company with lots of benefits.

Cons: - The pay 
- Management is pretty much always rotating through (my team and I experienced about 9 different managers within 5 years)
- Depending on the dept, the culture can be very immature
Advice: Listen to employee surveys and increase pay versus providing swag, parties, etc. Just increase the pay. 
Pros: - Amazing campus with so many benefits like doctors, dentist, acupuncture, massage, etc etc on-site
- Great insurance

Cons: too many nerdy, Indian and Chinese, they are English suck
Advice: None
Pros: good benifit and good environment

Cons: I can't think of one
Advice: None
Pros: Never been so satisfied working and collaborating with others in a job like this one.

Cons: Toxic, top down culture rewards political savvy more than true merit or technical skills. Zero room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Health insurance. Twice a year holiday shutdowns

Cons: Customers can be difficult to work with sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and fun coworkers

Cons: A lot of customers come in
Advice: focus on employee experience
Pros: Its such great experience to be in sales

Cons: Accessibility Management would often be beholden to BS KPIs that were derived by some algorithm without weighing the fact that most customers were disabled. They also had little experience in the department. 
Senior management would reinforce the little box that we all had to live in.
we often weren't equipped to deal with the dark side of Accessibility
Advice: get the stick out of your butt and relax. I don't understand how Accessibility could be a major investment but bootstrap the team that supports it. 
Pros: loved talking to customers and solving their issues
good stock benefits
great culture

Cons: Highly crowded work place in the city.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment with overall strong managers helping along the way.

Cons: Work like balance is nonexistent 
Turnover 
Heavy micromanaging
Leadership and their lack of accountability
Advice: None
Pros: The only pros are the Benefits and the discounted stocks

Cons: Extremely hierarchical culture. Hero worship is prevalent.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people to work with. Company has a lot of influence in supply base.

Cons: Higher pushes employees to sell Applecare during customer interactions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Great work atmosphere!

Cons: Apple is moving away from remote jobs and has taken away any opportunities to advance. No work life balance. Shift bidding is done based on performance however there are many employees that have medical reasons for a specific shift. This pretty much takes up the best schedules. Even if your metrics are good you are not left many choices for a schedule during the bid process. Schedule is set for 6 months.
Advice: Create a better work life balance. Employees should not have to choose between having a job and being in their children’s lives. 
Pros: Comparable salary and benefits 
RSUs given once a year if earned

Cons: alot of work, boring at times
Advice: None
Pros: nice pay, nice team, good food

Cons: Struggle for pt to get hours 
Will over work you 
Managers act like they care but they don’t 
They dont want strong minded people. They want people they can brainwash. 
Dont drink the applejuice
Management will block promotions 
Favoritism
Advice: Care about your employees like the credo says yall do 
Pros: Good pay when you get hours

Cons: Highly top down driven company
Advice: None
Pros: Execution machine
Uncompromising hardware quality

Cons: Moving up is difficult due to agent tenure.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture and pay, genuinely invest in their associates.

Cons: Not enough room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and grow.

Cons: Cons are back to back calls, metric system, working weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Pros are abilitiy to work remote and hourly rate

Cons: To be your girl tehe
Advice: None
Pros: Girl so confusing some times

Cons: No care for work/life balance
No opportunity for advancement
No development opportunities, only assigned work
Leadership will say one thing and then do something different
Lack of integrity at the Market level
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive Salary
Great Health Benefits

Cons: - Retail senior and account managers are hourly, so you have to clock out for lunch, which means every day is technically a 9 hour day. 
- No flexible or WFH options. 
- The position is not given the full resources it deserves, which leads to unrealistic expectations and disconnect between account managers and leadership.
- The CRM software and phone system are outdated.
- The next role above requires you to move across the country, which leaves most folks stuck or stagnating because they are unable to do so.
- No bonuses.
Advice: Apple retail business teams are not given the right tools and resources to succeed, yet the expectations continue to increase. The disconnect between what leadership wants to accomplish and their lack of willingness to engage with team feedback is something that needs to change.
Pros: - Rock-solid company that took care of us during the pandemic. 
- Incredible health and mental health benefits
- Inclusive and safe atmosphere
- Opportunity to grow and learn new skills without having a lot of prior experience. Great place to get a firm foundation in a skillset like account management.

Cons: Compensation, competitiveness, not clear about the tasks
Advice: None
Pros: Not very many they need improvement

Cons: There is no Indian foods.
Advice: Doing good
Pros: Good experience to work there.

Cons: Employee perks can be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture and decent work life balance.

Cons: corporate is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and people are great

Cons: very difficult to cope up with the pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Very compelling atmosphere and collaborative team

Cons: Large amount of supervisors between shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for part time and full time

Cons: Sometimes bad to work there
Advice: None
Pros: It was good to work there

Cons: super busing, confusing sometime, giant company cons
Advice: None
Pros: enjoyed workspace and people worked with

Cons: Clientele are often uninformed and sometimes difficult to work with, but are also grateful once helped.
Advice: None
Pros: The store discount and time with colleagues is bar none the best part of the job.

Cons: Diversity &amp; Inclusion was a bit out of my expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Compensations &amp; Benefits
Management
Work/Life Balance

Cons: Here are some potential cons of working at Apple:

1. Role Ambiguity: Unclear role definitions can lead to confusion and inefficiency.
2. Subpar Leadership: Inconsistent leadership quality can impact team dynamics and employee satisfaction.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Stock Options: Access to stock options or equity grants.
2. Health Benefits: Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage.
3. Employee Discounts: Generous discounts on Apple products.
4. Autonomy: High degree of independence in roles for individual contributors.
5. Salary Increases: Competitive salary offerings with regular increases.

Cons: Back to back calls all day 10 second aftercall work
Advice: None
Pros: Nice hours, very friendly training

Cons: The difficulty of the job
Advice: None
Pros: The work life balance is great

Cons: Culture forms a bit of a bubble where everything is Apple-focused all the time and there is not much focus or feeling that a world exists outside Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company with great benefits and a great culture.

Cons: Retail hours are not great.
Advice: Continue to grow by listening to your people and taking action on their advice.
Pros: The pay is good but the people are better.

Cons: very long hours on busy weeks
Advice: n/a
Pros: Good benefits and decent pay

Cons: not very flexible with remote work
Advice: None
Pros: the company is so innovative, the smartest pppl in the world

Cons: Some struggles with the salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent working atmosphere and team

Cons: working load is more than regular working hours, a lot of meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, supportive corporate culture

Cons: Garbage pay and impossible to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits from health to life insurance

Cons: Constant pressure by managers for timeline
Advice: None
Pros: Rsus are the only positive

Cons: There is no cons in this job.
Advice: Every thing is fine and correct.
Pros: Good pay rate and quite developing area

Cons: Hi Nothing bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Is a Great place to work :)

Cons: Management everywhere is ridiculously under-qualified.
Advice: None
Pros: You will meet great people.

Cons: Don't respect remote workers anymore
Advice: Quit treating remote workers with such scrutiny, if productivity numbers are low then coach accordingly.
Pros: Good pay, benefits, nice people

Cons: Can be a bit cutthroat. Lots of competition.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work. opportunities to grow

Cons: Too much workload
Low life work balance
Very hard to be promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Good training and career opportunities
Good company policies
Good pay

Cons: Perry was not a nice manager
Advice: None
Pros: Salary was good and the benefits were good

Cons: It’s a big company. Can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s Apple. A badge of honor.

Cons: Work life balance has to come within yourselves
Advice: None
Pros: Learning , growth , new technologies exposure oppurtunities

Cons: There are no cons for working at Apple
Advice: None
Pros: The best pro would be the compensation

Cons: It gets frustrating working retail and the common saying is “dealing with ambiguity” when management team can not align and the team gets frustrated
Advice: None
Pros: Able to contribute to employee stock purchase at a discount, yearly raise anywhere from .85+

Cons: .no life only wok. No balance at all
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, stocks, bonus, Apple brand

Cons: None really, stay away from drama
Advice: None
Pros: Great place great people , definitely can create a network

Cons: work life balance is not ideal
short time to deliver a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging
Good pay
good bonus and stocks
working with smart people

Cons: Politics, long commute, no healthcare
Advice: None
Pros: Great overtime, work from home

Cons: Hard to control all scheduling
Advice: None
Pros: Transparent, good benefits, great colleagues

Cons: upward mobility can seem few and far between with little room to maneuver through to higher positions.
Advice: None
Pros: when I was hired, there was a great culture for training and a success menatality that allows someone who is starting in the general work field to grasp on to and to drive toward their next career goals.

Cons: I'm not a fan of the location of the office. HCOL and not a lot of activity for pleasure in the area
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Stock options, facilities, educational support, medical, gym, good food

Cons: It's very taxing physically and emotionally. Customers can be extremely entitled, and you're often required to smile and endure a lot of abuse. Apple selectively enforces certain rules. Attendance is a significant issue in Apple retail, and employees often exploit the lack of enforcement. Apple's retail culture differs greatly from the corporate culture. Retail leaders are expected to maintain a cheerful demeanor and avoid disagreeing with upper management. You can't introduce disruptive ideas or alternative strategies unless they're approved by market and senior leadership. Employees can be extremely entitled, often taking matters into their own hands and not hesitating to contact Human Resources. Apple makes efforts to address various trendy social justice issues, but these efforts may not always satisfy the expectations of this new generation of employees. Apple has a 'Diversity Network Association' comprising groups like 'Black at Apple,' 'Latino at Apple,' etc. While Apple strives for diversity and inclusion, individuals who are white, male, and straight may not align with the specific demographic focus they're seeking.
Advice: Create clear development paths for managers/leaders.
Pros: Great benefits, strong ethics, and values. The environment can be fun if you enjoy constant change and busyness. The company actively seeks employee feedback on benefits, culture, and business processes. Apple also provides opportunities for employees to participate in career experiences within the corporate sector, although the selection process can be challenging and difficult to navigate.

Cons: Don’t have much bad thinks to say about it
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good service, good people

Cons: Not the best work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and trendy company

Cons: No cons. I liked this job.
Advice: None
Pros: - Working with a well-known brand
- Various and interesting tasks for every month 
- Communicating with new people
- Not a routine job, a lot of activity
- And much more

Cons: Not a lot of room for working full time from this part time position,
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a lot of resources

Cons: Demanding position but the perks !
Advice: None
Pros: Best bosses and co workers

Cons: There wasn't any advancement for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed the people, both team and customers.

Cons: Lots of micromanaging from managers
Too much tourist buses
Advice: None
Pros: No Genius Bar
Close to Apple Park

Cons: Not as many opportunities to transition from Retail to Corporate
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and a good place to build community

Cons: No room for growth
Micromanaging 
Play favorites
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Always positive
Very generous with calling out

Cons: No location or remote flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and job security

Cons: Pivot to in-office presence has capped lots of remote (AHA) employees' growth potential
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has an awesome culture and benefits

Cons: So much overtime, super stressful, work sometimes is very tedious and unrewarding
Advice: Please properly staff your PD Teams
Pros: Perks, salary, sometimes the work is really cool

Cons: My experience at Apple was them firing me for issues related to my clinical depression after I had expressed having it. It felt like they drove me out as soon as they found out which is illegal but I can't prove it.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is fair and flextime is good

Cons: Micromanagement through software and supervisors. Difficulty escalating issues in a timely manner.
Advice: None
Pros: access to knowledge base helps

Cons: Work life balance can be a little difficult
Advice: N/a
Pros: Supportive managers and great team environment. Great benefits.

Cons: this site is really needy
Advice: None
Pros: good people and this is five words

Cons: Work-life balance is hard for part-time
It is difficult to get full-time
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork
Development opportunities
Decent benefits even for part-time
Good to establish solid people skills

Cons: Cheapest company, super greedy, very very insignificant raises “merit raises” based on how the store performed. End of year gifts included things like a t shirt or a bag, what a joke. No bonuses. I could go on and on, but just save your time, terrible terrible company to work for.
Advice: Find a new job.
Pros: Benefits, mainly just healthcare, nothing else, everything else not worth it.

Cons: Management can be somewhat dicey
Bureaucratic in a lot of ways
Lost its "Startup" mentality
Advice: None
Pros: Breadth of work
Challenging Issues
Interesting RTL

Cons: Leaders struggle with work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Will be challenged, will grow your career

Cons: don't have the cool tech industry perks you hear about
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, stock, stellar colleagues, great benefits

Cons: Very few managers with any previous managerial experience. 
No training for managers. 
Very difficult to move to a new role.
Advice: Bring in training for managers. 
Prioritize hiring internally.
Pros: Great company values
Amazing CEO
Smart people

Cons: Large company, some politics were obstacles
Advice: None
Pros: Good exposure to many cutting edge technologies

Cons: Apple cares more about appearances that a functioning management
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits for full time was nice

Cons: work life balance is bad
Advice: None
Pros: people are nice in apple

Cons: growth, challenge is low at times
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, pay, culture and work life balance

Cons: there are no cons dd
Advice: None
Pros: great awesome place to be

Cons: -Doesn’t feel like there’s a strong vision/innovation for the future
-Lateral movements outside of your org/cross-functional teams is difficult
-strict in-office policy
Advice: Give workers more flexibility
Pros: -Smart employees
-Great place to learn
-High pay (for supply chain) 
-Strong sense of job security

Cons: Lets you go without any notice at all
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and able to learn a lot about ecosystem

Cons: Management. Both senior and junior.
Advice: None
Pros: Helping people. Working with other people.

Cons: Management was very mean to me
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work at

Cons: although the position was at home it felt lonely.
Advice: None
Pros: The job was at home, no commute and great benefits.

Cons: Work/life balance isn’t ideal. Stores are not aligned on customer and repair strategies.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and experience. People, coworkers and connections.

Cons: Retail environment, have to work weekends.
Advice: Listen to employees, provide feedback. 
Pros: Great benefits like healthcare, paid time off, 401k matching, etc. Starting pay is solid.

Cons: There are no cons. Everyone is amazing here.
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn new things everyday. Good discounts.

Cons: Entry level job means a lot of production runs
Advice: None
Pros: Good Experience and professional staff

Cons: Work life balance is not great
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and grow

Cons: Pay could be better for type of work
Advice: None
Pros: The ability to work remotely

Cons: -Micromanaging
-No clear direction
-Lots of politics and favoritism
Advice: Trust the people you hired. Get drones if you want to micromanage.
Pros: -Benefits
-Pay to job difficulty ratio
-The people you work with

Cons: no cons , nothing to say because they are
Advice: None
Pros: very good company, very good world-class

Cons: - Management is too focused on their own expectations that they do not take the time to understand what their people need to succeed. 
- People at the top are far removed from the lower-level people in their departments and as such, make great changes to create the illusion of progress when in reality it has little to no positive impact. 
- Recent decisions have backfired and rather than fix the issue at hand, they choose to drop complete departments to renew.
Advice: None
Pros: - Apple has a great work culture, benefits and mission.

Cons: Working at Apple is the best opportunity I have ever got
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment, good teammates

Cons: could be better wokring times
Advice: None
Pros: friendly, private insurance, good pay, lovely people

Cons: sometimes feels too large, but that's because it is
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, huge scale, values align with my own

Cons: Pay
Kinda 
Sucks 
I 
Beed
Advice: None
Pros: People
Places
Things
To 
Do

Cons: - Inconsistent schedule
- Insufficient staffing headcount per store
Advice: Not all retail management is the same; Apple asks more of its people at all levels. Don't let your ego stop you from taking what, from a title standpoint, might seem like a step-down. People are the focus, and if you don't have a passion for people development, I would not recommend it.
Pros: - Good benefits
- Good Pay
- Great discounts
- Wonderful people

Cons: i dont have anything bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work for sure

Cons: Crazy time because of covid.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a positive team and great environment

Cons: I got sacked as soon as the financial crisis hit us.
Advice: None
Pros: Always liked the salary package

Cons: High stress and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, team culture and amazing products

Cons: Retail hours / working weekends, nothing else
Advice: Great team
Pros: Apple Employee Stock Purchase Program

Cons: Crazy work schedule
Too many meetings
Advice: 'Reduce meetings, reduce slack, email overload.
Pros: Never a dull day
Global scale
Endless problems to solve

Cons: Having to be the one to say no and give the hard answers sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Getting to assist customers at a higher level.

Cons: No promotions
No opportunities 
Glass ceiling
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Pay
Friendly Work Environment

Cons: Low pay. Deal with a lot for so little.
Advice: None
Pros: Love the people and the culture. Benefits are top tier.

Cons: - Big initiatives can drag out and eat up time, effort, and team morale
- Long hours at times since there are offices all around the world you'll need to coordinate with
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people
- Good career opportunities
- Pay and benefits

Cons: Often part time workers are expected to pick up the scheduling slack for full time folks so I was often asked to work 30-35hrs per week ... with that kind of schedule I might as well go full time!
Advice: None
Pros: As a part time employee I had great healthcare benefits, tuition reimbursement for school, public transportation assistance, and assistance for gym membership.

Cons: 
Not a challenging
No Work Life balance
Career growth

Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay
Technically Challenging 
No Promotions





Cons: bad at teaching senior engineers
Advice: None
Pros: good at teaching intro engineers

Cons: none to say at this moment
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits and salary. great manager

Cons: Once Steve Jobs Died, the company became more cut-throat. They made many full-time employees part-time to cut benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: The working environment was amazing. The people I worked with were all extremely smart and fun to be around.

Cons: No work life balance . Long hours with a lot of headache
Advice: None
Pros: Work is good. Pays well

Cons: long hours sometimes can be annoying
Advice: None
Pros: not too bad place to work

Cons: Changing Sales Plans and GTM Strategies...Minimal Client contact bases on WFH..
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company and Products, Customers were great to work with

Cons: Become too siloed and highly specialized, bad management, don’t hire from within, culture of secrecy and lies
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, cutting edge issues

Cons: The management is all pressuring each other constantly which trickles down to them pressuring the staff below them in order to save themselves.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun and very tech based company to work for.

Cons: Higher-level management had difficulty setting project direction well for R&amp;D work, making it difficult to achieve goals
Advice: None
Pros: Insanely smart and talented co-workers, decent work/life balance, interesting projects, good compensation

Cons: Could theoretically make more or get better WLB or benefits elsewhere but probably not all at the same time, lots of specialization among teams so you don't necessarily get the chance to learn as much skill variety as you would at a smaller company where you have to do PCB, SW, automation, and testing yourself. Disclosure system closes off a lot of interesting education to people in other teams.
Advice: Forced in-office for all isn't needed or helpful for most since so much of the work is asynchronous anyway. Too much info silo-ing makes skill building harder for earlier engineers. More hotel cubes in whatever office is convenient regardless of team would be very helpful for many. Overall still good.
Pros: Stable, interesting problems, plenty of available resources to do it right, solid set of pay and benefits. Work with some of the smartest folks around so lots to learn.

Cons: There wasn't that much direction/oversight, which would be a good thing potentially for someone who really knows what they want to do and wants the freedom, but it can be unnerving, Also, the pay is good, but not necessarily commensurate with the outrageous cost of living (rent/housing prices) of the Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: Apple generally treats its employees well and I especially enjoyed working with so many intelligent, competent, and like-minded people

Cons: Confidentiality is top priority. Limited sharing and discussion with other interns or people at other teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Got treated as a full-time, with full-range access to various tasks. Great learning opportunities.

Cons: on site is necessary for this role
Advice: None
Pros: Good Perks, stock plan etc

Cons: micromanage, micromanage, micromanage, micromanage, and micromanage
Advice: None
Pros: nice, fun, cool, easy, chill

Cons: Demanding customers no commissions available
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, stock options, pay

Cons: Intense, overtime was mandatory for a while
Advice: None
Pros: Expectations are clear, easy commute

Cons: Hours Available (weekends but understandable)
Hard to grow in the business
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Employee discount
Benefits (401k, healthcare, and more for part time) 
Treatment

Cons: Nothing bad w it this software
Advice: Get a new job crazy
Pros: Good all the way around

Cons: No innovate work to do, only old legacy code. Just refactoring and wasting time. Bad management. Full politics played at upper level.
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB 
Slow and no career growth

Cons: no outstanding cons over the 13 years I've worked for this employer
Advice: None
Pros: incredible organization that supports a healthy work life balance

Cons: Top down culture, lots of reorgs
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, good colleagues, cool work

Cons: Can be slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good team
Good work life balance

Cons: Don't have any at this time so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Never before worked anywhere that the phrase "People are our most important asset" was actually believed!

Cons: Proprietary software. No experience in leading industry software
Advice: None
Pros: Easy Job. Need to know the project specification

Cons: - Added projects to what you're already doing
- Minimal pay increase
Advice: None
Pros: - Great employees
- Holiday pay
- Different progression in the role

Cons: Call center type of job
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, employee discount

Cons: Do what you like ok
Advice: None
Pros: Good best time,quicky to learn

Cons: Lots of busy times but good managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and caring team

Cons: bad managers who are very selective to who moves up
Advice: None
Pros: great job, and great benefits

Cons: stressful, no free time, insane expectations
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits, especially the pay, cool tech

Cons: Customer facing
Long periods of standing
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation
Great team
Benefits
Opportunity for growth

Cons: The hours were tedious since I worked for the college support program, so I only worked during the night shift.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is competitive, started at $20/hr, and few months later was given an additional $2 increase

Tons of opportunities to connect with other team members and win raffle for apple/apple adjacent products

Cons: It is very long hours and very hard work but worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best places on earth to work. Great people, great benefits, great managers, need I go on?

Cons: no commission or bonus structure just hourly but they do push for metrics
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible scheduling, easy to pick up, swap, or change shifts. Easy for entry-level with great pay
part-time gets full benefits such as health,dental and vision
stock plan

Cons: No bonus structure in lower retail.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to grow. Get out what you put in.

Cons: Not much to share here
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for with good benefits

Cons: Retail hours are always the worst
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits and pay are great

Cons: Working in mall and retail in general not great
Advice: None
Pros: Fun team to work with

Cons: Do your research: Learn about Apple's products, culture, and values.
Tailor your resume and cover letter to the specific job you are applying for.
Practice your interviewing skills.
Be prepared to answer questions about your passion for Apple and your ability to contribute to the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative and supportive work environment
Opportunities for professional development and growth
A strong commitment to diversity and inclusion
A global presence with offices around the world

Cons: Very secretive and I don’t really like the ‘need to know’ attitude
Advice: More attention to the interview process.
Pros: Best in class technology and colleagues

Cons: None at this current time
Advice: None
Pros: Love the company and the science

Cons: - Scheduling (work weekends, have to stay flexible on holidays)
- Some managers are not very skilled or helpful
- Customers can become very entitled and grouchy
- You can do an easier job somewhere else and get paid more
Advice: Quit it with the kool-aid and respect that many people in Apple Stores are here for a paycheck, not a religious awakening. We would have long meetings praising Apple's values and achievements and 1.) They weren't well organized or presented, and 2.) Everyone (including other management) felt they were a waste of time.
Pros: - Peppy and diverse work environment.
- Good resources available for improvement.
- Competitive pay scale for the amount of work you do.
- Smattering of benefits.
- Part-time health insurance benefits.

Cons: It’s not the same anymore. Huge micromanagement. Terrible management in general. Toxic work environment. Everyone is unhappy.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, benefits and may I say benefits. I loved helping people! 
old apple culture was great. Pay could always be better.

Cons: Feel like you are being micromanaged all the time.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits at Apple are great even for part time employees (PTO, Stock, Insurance)

Cons: Corporate culture can be toxic
It’s not about performance in getting ahead- it’s definitely about who you know
Make sure to network
Advice: None
Pros: Great health benefits
Stock options

Cons: Not many opportunities to advance even when you are a top performer. Can feel like a dead end when it comes to this side of the business. If a position happens to open up the benefits and pay can be great. It’s just extremely rare
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay but hours at part-time are only 24 guaranteed

Cons: Very hard to get promotion here
Advice: None
Pros: Best company I ever work for. 
Great benefit and all kinds of leave package, generous 4 month maternity leave and child care benefit

Cons: Slow moving company
politics cancellation
Advice: None
Pros: okayish projects
Good perks
Good WLB

Cons: I dient really like the food
Advice: no
Pros: nice food and I liked the food

Cons: - Some lazy/young team members that are a result of a poor job in the hiring process. These lazy individuals then complain about everything because they don't know how good that they have it. They put strain and stress on the rest of the team with countless callouts and no-shows. - Shifts on the floor can become a little mundane after a while... just as anything. You need to find ways to motivate yourself during those times. - Customer service can lead you to deal with some of the most rude individuals that you've ever encountered. - My location has a lot of international tourism so I have to use the translate app constantly, which can take the fun out of getting to know people through genuine human conversations.
Advice: I've never had any issues with management. They've been clear and concise from my perspective.
Pros: - Amazing benefits even for part-time employees (health insurance, employee stock purchase plan, 401k, family planning and growth, tuition reimbursement program, financial literacy &amp; planning, legal assistance, incredible cell phone plans, amazing discounts on products &amp; services, and so much more) - Inclusive work environment - Fair wage for what this role requires because the products sell themselves - Plenty of room for growth and stability within other areas of the company

Cons: upper management views you as a number
currently a hiring freeze for specialized departments
customer service is exhausting
Advice: Instead of managers just being the hammer for area managers, try to fight for your service employees. Upper management has such a statistical broad overview of everything, they don't understand what goes on on call to get the numbers they're looking at, and there's a huge disconnect between service workers and the "higher ups", who are just incompetent as they view service members because of a spreadsheet that makes them feel important, because they can do basic math.
Pros: great benefits
lots of internal connections
the cafe is nice

Cons: Lack of communication across leadership
Part-time required to work every weekend
Advice: None
Pros: Culture
Pay
Flexible scheduling
Benefits

Cons: Not really anything standing out
Advice: None
Pros: It’s good wlb at least

Cons: Stressfull as a result of being customer service oriented
Advice: Keep doing a great Job
Pros: Supportive work environment focused on employee personal development and growth

Cons: Consumers, many entitled people come through the door to just complain and blame you.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, Work Life balance, and decent pay for low skill job

Cons: Demanding, many evening calls if you support direct procurement
Advice: None
Pros: Favorable compensation, great benefits, good culture, high visibility and very strategic work

Cons: Too much unpaid over time
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, security, job offers

Cons: It is hard to go from Apple Retail to corporate. Even with programs designed to give retail employees corporate experience, there are not often selected for coveted corporate positions.
Advice: None
Pros: The people you work with are often great. You are valued for the work you put into it.

Cons: There are so many unnecessary meetings .
Advice: Less meetings
Pros: Easy communication with the team.

Cons: Work-life, location, customers, management, time-off.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid pay for college student.

Cons: none, everything was fine there
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and working hours for sure

Cons: Nothing to say it was great
Advice: None
Pros: the work environment is best

Cons: No cons to say for this company
Advice: Nothing to give to a great company
Pros: Great company with good cultural values

Cons: lack growth opportunities, you have to own your development, orgs are segmented and difficult to branch out
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, 401k, stock options, discounts for products,

Cons: Busy
Fluctuation in good during the year
Advice: None
Pros: Overall great team environment
Flexible hours
Great pay and benefits

Cons: Less perks compared to other tech, Improve learning opportunities outside
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, Good pay, Continuing stream of projects, fast paced

Cons: Long hours somedays when major projects are launching
Advice: None
Pros: They take care of their employees well !

Cons: Scheduling sucks. Must be dedicated
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Lots of perks

Cons: Fast pace environment, retail scheduling
Advice: None
Pros: Great medical benefits, sense of belonging, compassionate leadership, hands on with latest tech

Cons: No growth opportunities and bad salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, flexibility, people friendly D&amp;I initiatives

Cons: - There are some groups that have bad cultures. Mine is not like that but I notice it within some other orgs and groups. 
- Some groups are understaffed and it is noticeable, usually shows itself by rude and aggressive behaviors toward others.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great financial benefits
- Good work life balance (there are a lot of exaggerations about Apple on this. I agree there are bad managers as well but I personally think the overall workload is not much, at least in my own group)
- Much less politics that many other places

Cons: Typical office politics and noise.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture if you have the right team and managers.

Cons: 2-3 interviews for a specialist role.
Advice: None
Pros: perks and discounts if working at apple.

Cons: dealing with some costumers that can be mean
Advice: everything is good
Pros: Good pay and coworkers are very accommodating

Cons: management favoritism, and horrible decision making quality
Advice: nothing of note, they dont take feedback
Pros: great benefits from company for personal growth outside of apple

Cons: horrible management 

seniors are lost 

store leaders are lost
Advice: None
Pros: good team

good benefits

good discounts

Cons: To much of a contractor vendor game going on with resources. Employees who used to work for the vendors seemed to be protective of those relationships and not looking to hire outside those relationships. It just seemed to be more about a H1B visa game at the management level and a company skirting the "contractor" vs employee rules. No problem with the awesome ICs at all (contractors or full-time)
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of really focused and engaged talent. Some really good Apple culture training.

Cons: In the past, it has felt like the company was very heavily focused on the "people" aspect. For at least a year, the focus has heavily shifted towards numbers, sales goals, and everything you would expect from Apple's competitors. It is very discouraging to have management almost breathing down your back when you are not hitting certain numbers.
Advice: Always make it about the people. Be leaders, not managers. When your specialists see leaders and managers on the floor not only helping their team, but helping employees, it truly puts this positive shine on them. It makes employees feel seen as what they are doing is truly important work. 
Pros: The relationships you build at Apple are incredible. You meet some of the most incredible people. You are put into this position where you can not only help build relationships with your peers, but build them with customers. I loved going into the building every day getting to learn something new about everyone who walked through those same doors.

Cons: No work life balance
No room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Benefits
Employee Discount
Stock purchase option

Cons: Professional growth and development almost nonexistent. No budget to attend outside professional workshops, etc. Promotions are few and far between—expect to do the same job for years. Instructional designers are limited to content development using internal tools only. No use of tools like Storyline or Captivate. Bureaucratic — lots and lots of meetings, slow decision making, resistance to change, risk aversion, check-the-box mindset.
Advice: Management needs to explore professional growth and development opportunities and embrace fresh ideas. Too many leaders in AppleCare Training have only ever worked at Apple and seem unaware of changes and evolution in the industry outside Apple.
Pros: I worked in AppleCare Training. Wonderful, positive people with a broad range of experience. Benefits were amazing. Very stable -never worried about my job. Highly supportive of entry-level employees.

Cons: Commission could be better and pay more
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoy workitn with my trammates

Cons: Management tells you fake promises of moving up then lets someone kiss up to them and fake their way to the top. A lot of lies come from leaders and broken promises
Advice: None
Pros: The company is great I really loved it

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: By far my favorite job

Cons: Hours not regular . I needed something that was more steady 

Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work I love the environment 

Cons: People who is working at retail store don't have good opportunities to move to corpperate
Advice: None
Pros: Apple trains people very well. Managers are really nice and willing to help out

Cons: still retail, metrics heavy, hard to move up, politics.
Advice: Metrics are okay but treat people like people instead of numbers.
Pros: pay, benefits, low stress, good work life balance

Cons: stressful environment and lots of customer service issues to resolve
Advice: None
Pros: pay and benefits are nice

Cons: -uptight dress code
-hours aren't always as listed
Advice: None
Pros: -good benefits
-great pool of people

Cons: It's difficult to grow and move to another department. managers are usually unqualified, having been transferred from other departments without the knowledge or brought in from other companies without much experience.
Advice: Hire the best people and give opportunities to people who have been working for you for a while. Listen to your employees and share what’s going on with them.
Pros: great benefits, match 100% on 401K, great PTO after 3 years, respect diversity

Cons: Can be hard at times but it's expected for a company at this level, embrace the challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: - very good pay
- great benefits
- healthy company culture

Cons: Macro management.
Limited opportunities for growth - especially if you're in retail stores or at-home
Advice: Get to know your team, where they excel &amp; help them get there. 

Relevant feedback is more powerful/useful BEFORE the opportunity for  a position arrives. It doesnt feel good to be groomed &amp; encouraged to follow your dreams then have them dashed because your manager doesn't know you or didn't support you.
Pros: Great Benefits, health, stock options, 401K

Cons: Insular community makes for tense situations and forced hangouts. however, it's just an inconvenience.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company unmatched by any other tech company

Cons: 1. High pressure workplace
2. Very stingy. Bullies suppliers.
3. Short-termist - quarterly results over everything else.
4. Bad data and systems - Tons of low-quality admin work which is better outsourced to Philippines or India.
5. Insane number of meetings day and night. WLB is a nightmare. Breakups and divorces galore!
6. Apple believes "Once a GSM, always a GSM".
Advice: Work actively to cut down BS admin work and keynotes upon keynotes for reviewing mundane information.
Pros: 1. Good teammates.
2. Pay : Not a tech job but you can still make 30% to 50% of an Apple SWE. Some GSMs can make a lot more if you work hard and long.
3. Apple brand : So other bay area recruiters with the attention span of a goldfish dont have to worry too much about understanding your previous non-tech work history.
4. Hardware design excellence - You dont do much as a GSM but you atleast get to work with best engineers and product guys.

Cons: senior management doesn't always know what is going on, depends alot on smaller teams under them.
Advice: try to understand the workers under you better
Pros: work life balance and pay are amazing

Cons: have to see a lot of customers within a period
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and pay. good support

Cons: The micromanaging and sharing your screen is ridiculous
Advice: None
Pros: You get paid every week

Cons: No cons to report, it was very nice.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is great, they really care.

Cons: Even though it’s better pay, it’s still not enough. For as much money as Apple makes you’d think they’d pay retail workers a bit more. If you’re in Apple corporate you’re golden but retail gets scraps.
Advice: Pay better, care about your staff better. Treat us like we’re important too.
Pros: Stocks, good benefits, better pay than your average retail job , good people

Cons: They yelled at me when I kept saying, "It's Apple Time".
Advice: Please buy Granny Smiths.
Pros: I thought I was going to be eating apples and testing them. This is what it said on the form; however, to my surprise, I had to code software and it was my first time using a computer.

Cons: I don't like coffee machines in Apple
Advice: You must be kind and love iPhones
Pros: Vey comfortable place in the world.Kind and peaceful people work in Apple!I love it!

Cons: Fast paced
Tedious
Customer problems
Advice: None
Pros: pay
benefits
Solid Foundations for opportunity

Cons: You don’t earn enough time off fast enough.
Advice: None
Pros: You get time off here

Cons: Working weekends and holidays without 2 days off in a row.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits’ package. Health insurance, mental and physical health, and store discounts.

Cons: Limited opportunities to grow within the company
Poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Positive company culture
Great benefits

Cons: Leadership has a hard time
Advice: Good
Pros: Good pay, good people, good

Cons: HR Experience when I took medical leave was atrocious.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and flexibility for time off and when you work.

Cons: - Heavy holiday traffic, but it’s expected…
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Coworkers
- Great Benefits

Cons: None
None
None
None
None
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility
Nice
Fast paced
Happy
Fast

Cons: Prepared to be micro managed because it’s ultimately a retail job
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and people made working at Apple easier

Cons: Lack of opportunities, getting a rotation or CE(internship) is largely luck based, how well you perform in your role doesn’t matter for the aforementioned. Applecare is just another call center with apple branding, now all they care about is the metrics and whether or not you’re meeting them. Pay is comically low for getting into a senior role and being expected to handle ALL ios and Mac related calls.
Advice: Pay your Applecare employees more, it is very obviously one of the most stressful roles in the entirety of Apple. When people apply for internal roles, don’t make them go through 2-3 interviews, train your interviewers to get it done in one go. When I joined I was told to be my “authentic self”, that quickly faded away and turned into “be your authentic self (as long as you meet metrics).
Pros: Decent benefits, great coworkers, a lot of great managers, discounts for apple products, stocks, great 401k.

Cons: Bureaucracy and personal interest of leaders are above employees' needs.
Work first, customers second, employees last.
Product and Marketing lead the company and everyone else follows.
Unrealistic expectations.
Advice: None
Pros: Highly demanding tasks
Great tools and training
Good opportunities to move within the company, with different areas of work

Cons: Upward mobility can be limited as seasonal employee
Advice: None
Pros: Good enough for college students

Cons: work life balance can be mid sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: great experience working here in FL

Cons: Sometimes it can get repetitive and tiring since there is not much break time on certain days.
Advice: None
Pros: Very relaxing and flexible, you will be trained for everything you need to use for work.

Cons: Political, bureaucratic, stressful, no work/life balance
Advice: Listen more, make it happen, make decisions
Pros: Good benefits, great products, Exposure to latest technologies and resources

Cons: Local leadership is awful. No desire for growth and only focused on numbers instead of the people.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with, and a company that actually cares.

Cons: When I was first hired at Apple, there were clear career paths available for me to advance and grow within the company. However, as time passed, it became evident that management was unable to support me and my colleagues in progressing our careers. There were no open positions, and little to no resources provided for interview preparation or professional development. As a result, I became increasingly frustrated with the lack of support for upward growth within the company.

They emphasized "work-life balance" but refused to compromise on flexible scheduling and PTO, and harshly retaliated against call-outs.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are the only good things about working at Apple, along with some great colleagues.

Cons: - Some managers are not personable
- Some managers micromanage and focus too much on the metrics
Advice: - Focus on what actions result in better metrics
Pros: - Pay was decent
- Benefits were great
- For the most part, managers were willing to work with you in development goals

Cons: there are no down sides to working there
Advice: None
Pros: Great employee benefits and salary was nice

Cons: Not a ton of work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people and perfect processes

Cons: managment has its favorites and if your not on that favorites list watch your back.
Advice: None
Pros: pay is good for the industry.

Cons: - stretched thin
- demanding job
- you’re constantly pressured between the customer and the employees
Advice: None
Pros: - good pay
- good people
- good benefits

Cons: -competitve
-entitlled customer
-technical facility helps
Advice: None
Pros: -great products
-prof development
-benefits

Cons: good location
good location
good location
Advice: None
Pros: good salary 
good salary
good salary

Cons: Contradicting orders from management around goals
The more you do. The more you are told you aren’t doing.
Advice: Actually work in the job role you are in charge of. Especially for Genius Bar leadership
Pros: Great work life balance
Great time off options even for part time
Good benefits
Above avg pay 
More control in customer interactions on the tech side

Cons: High Call Volume, but Not a Deal-Breaker: The constant influx of calls, while a testament to Apple's popularity, wasn't even a significant drawback. It's the only con I could think of, and overall, the job was fantastic.
Advice: Leverage the existing transparency culture: Continue to communicate openly with employees about company strategies, changes, and developments. This transparency fosters a sense of trust and belonging, contributing to a positive work environment. Additionally, explore ways to recognize and reward exceptional performance, reinforcing the appreciation for the hard work put in by the dedicated customer service team.
Pros: Meaningful Impact: Helping customers from basic troubleshooting to fraud issues provided a sense of purpose. Career Growth: Swiftly rising to SME status in just over a year showcased ample opportunities for advancement. Flexibility: Enjoyed the freedom to choose between day and night shifts, promoting work-life balance. Holidays Off: Appreciated the rare perk of having holidays off, contributing to a better work-life harmony. Inclusive Environment: Apple's commitment to diversity and inclusion made the workplace welcoming and respectful.

Cons: -Work could sometimes be stressful, especially during the holidays, or during some other catastrophic event (ie. “The battery replacement program” and when systems would occasionally go down (ie. pos system, appointment / note taking systems)
-Dealing with irate customers (normal working in the Genius Bar)
-Because the Admin team was so small, call-outs could make or break the flow of the day causing chaos.
-Can be difficult to climb the proverbial ladder due to the intense competition of all of the brilliant team members applying for the same job.
Advice: Be more receptive to Critical Feedback as much as you give critical feedback. Give positive specific feedback on desirable behaviors as close to in the moment as possible. Your people will respect you more.
Pros: -Fun work environment
-I loved my job as a Genius Admin
-Almost full autonomy in my role, leaders trusted my decisions
-Nice blend of operations and customer-facing experience
-Had a small team of other Admins in which we all leaned on for support

Cons: very tight timelines, very competitive
Advice: make it easy to move around organizations
Pros: mindset of innovation is unparalleled

Cons: Management can be micromanaging and pushy with AppleCare
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive team and discounts that can be used for yourself and family

Cons: Very Competitive and Difficult to move into other teams
Advice: Take care of all team members and assist in growth
Pros: Equipment and all tool available to complete work

Cons: Maybe the workload are a lot
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of avantage , for example the good salary and the gym and the nice people

Cons: Policy is too strict with RTO
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is fine
Money can be good

Cons: Cult like culture you really have to drink the company juice
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay even as a part time you get PTO

Cons: Commute for me, too many teams to get them align.
Advice: None
Pros: Brand name, work culture, Values

Cons: improve staff turnover for future purposes
Advice: use technology
Pros: Great company to work at

Cons: They do a lot of micromanagement
Advice: None
Pros: I got to work from home, and it was a college program so they weren’t very strict.

Cons: No cons per se. May be Paid lunch.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for.

Cons: Management not hiring more people and doing more work for one person
Advice: None
Pros: Stock and benefits keep people there

Cons: Frequent small scale re-organizing of teams, headcount chasing. Too many layers of management. Lack of commitment by management.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, scale of programs, pace, impact of work, autonomy, responsibility

Cons: Retail Hours 
Not a ton of development in some isolated stores
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits 
Livable Wages 
Decent Discount

Cons: It is a big company and comes with common challenges large, multi functional organizations face.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a great company. Fair pay and benefits w/ leadership that’s held accountable

Cons: They make you go home after your shift ends. I always wanted to stay longer.
Advice: Keep up the hard work.  Loved working there. 
Pros: Some of the best people you'll meet work there!

Cons: Post-pandemic, WAH standards have become lax, causing a knee-jerk reaction that has leveled morale and caused innovation and communication to plummet. Since our Social Response and Advisor/ Senior Advisor roles have quietly closed, along with Senior Chat Advisor roles, soon AppleCare will be gone - handled by our very smart Automated Assistant and our vendor employees. 

Gone are the days of being an expert. Mass communication and one-fix-fits-all is the trajectory - so very not Apple like.
Advice: Please refresh focus back to the customer, position Advisors as experts and allow us to continue evolving and honing the customer experience.
Pros: working at home
feeling like I am empowered to help
the prospect of opportunity

Cons: Very corporate-driven and makes you feel unimportant at times
Advice: None
Pros: Has a wonderful culture and benefits

Cons: Can lack leadership at times
Advice: None
Pros: Cool people that are forward thinking

Cons: costumers can sometimes be rude
Advice: None
Pros: nice salary and amazing people

Cons: wasn't exactly what I was looking for (more coding than I had thought), some people can be difficult to work with but it gets dealt with quickly
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, opportunities for growth, communication, enthusiastic, amazing and hard working people

Cons: the amount of work with limited headcounts
Advice: None
Pros: people are generally great to work with

Cons: hours can be difficult and sometimes difficult customers
Advice: None
Pros: Fun culture and cool people

Cons: Nothing I could think off
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work culture, good flexible hours

Cons: Weekend schedule isn’t the best, but that’s retail
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
People
Starting pay
Training

Cons: Have to drink the koolaid
Advice: None
Pros: Big brand name in industrY

Cons: The hours of operation were hard to maintain.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was decent for a part time retail role.

Cons: Too many managers that don't need to contribute.
Advice: Be involved with your direct reports. 
Pros: Work life balance is great

Cons: Not family friendly due to excessive working hours
Very secretive and compartmentalized
Not very nimble in reacting to new info due to sheer inertia
Advice: Hire more people so the employees are not so overworked.
Pros: Great pay and benefits
Opportunity to travel 
Best in class products
Deep pockets
Very R&amp;D/engineer oriented
Great opportunities for singles/those who can work long and hard

Cons: Employee development is far in between.
Advice: Look into the people who want to experience a leadership style role  rather than hiring from a different location to fill the role
Pros: You get the freedom of being your self-starter. No feeling of micromanaging.

Cons: never had any issues, loved it
Advice: None
Pros: very good company to work for

Cons: Politics play a huge role in promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere to work in

Cons: You get good at things that are very Apple specific and might not transfer elsewhere
Advice: n/a
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, highly visible work

Cons: I have nothing bad to say about this company
Advice: None
Pros: wonderful work environment and great food

Cons: Depending on the location, customers who come in can make or break your experience in this role.
Advice: None
Pros: Great job with great benefits

Cons: demanding and challenging work environment
Advice: None
Pros: good job with a lot of flexibility

Cons: Some cons associated can be long hours
Advice: Keep the employees in mind
Pros: The best part is working with creative architects and designers

Cons: - not as much free food if that’s important 
- can be very stressful depending on team
Advice: None
Pros: - good pay
- stable work
- nice coworkers

Cons: hours making keeping a second job impossible
wont pay enough to maintain as only job
leadership wants each person to treat this job as their only goal in life
Advice: None
Pros: Stocks, employer deals, and tuition reimbursement

Cons: i dont have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: was a really great experience, miss it

Cons: -very demanding for work hours
-micromanaging customer interactions
Advice: None
Pros: - student loans reimbursement
- great benefits, health insurance, etc..
- very respectful of lunch breaks and

Cons: management sucks
mental health is not valued
Advice: None
Pros: People are great
benefits are nice

Cons: Not so great apples nor lunch
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good apples, good lunch

Cons: toxic enviroment and the mid manager is not supportive
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work but the people there are didn't get much compensation

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Discount, Bunnun fruit griot pikliz

Cons: longer hours that make me tired.
Advice: keep on keepin on is all i got to say
Pros: Nice people, Good lunches with colleagues.

Cons: Management can be better handpicked. They seem as they never know what they are really doing. Certain they have good intentions, but that does not always get you very far. Consider the fact that this is a big company, so there will always be changes and it is best for those who can adapt well. Just needs more in store structure, and better judgement when it comes to retail employee satisfaction.
Advice: Senior Managers, focus on developing a leadership team with structure instead of being the bad guy with rules that are interchangeable . Store leaders, be the bad and good guy. Consistent recognition should be a genuine and personal experience from you, however be professional. You gain respect and loyalty with an increase in performance from employees. Management and Leads work alongside to promote diversity and core values to develop a team of people who are excited to report to work everyday and model these behaviors to internal and external customers.
Pros: You are given the opportunity to meet amazing people and develop values and lifelong skills. With these opportunities determine if you will succeed or not. You receive what you put out. As long as there is a positive atmosphere and you try not to lose yourself in the stimulation of making work your entire life, you will be fine. Apple is filled with very passionate people, enjoy them and take advantage of the experiences and benefits that the company has to offer.

Cons: stop the gossip around the work
Advice: be more friendly dinners
Pros: it is super happy quite often

Cons: no cons working at apple for me
Advice: None
Pros: Cheerful and comfortable working at apple

Cons: Inconsiderate time to fully rest.
poor work-ife balance.
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: Salary/wages are appreciated.
Promotes work motivation
embraces change and innovation, hence, employees are more trained and become more inclusive .

Cons: Not as receptive to change as you would expect. Only a few voices get heard. You really have to like drinking the Kool-aid
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. RSU stock granted to you are like golden handcuffs.

Cons: some things are out of my control
Advice: None
Pros: pay is great. people are good

Cons: Pay is typical for a retail company. Get in good with your managers or your career path will be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work. You will learn a lot about technology, especially Apple products. Great employee benefits.

Cons: Can be too fast paced at times
Experience varies store to store
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice benefits
Extremely supportive coworkers
Management takes care of you

Cons: Senior management never aligned and offed pass on work to others
Advice: None
Pros: There are good benefits at Apple

Cons: Customer come in hot and you have to cool them down
Advice: None
Pros: Apple values their employees and lots of room for growth

Cons: High stress retail environment, high expectations of employer, not many work from home options
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, constant develop, company focused on innovation

Cons: Not too many faults for me
Advice: None
Pros: have a good package in ca

Cons: i did not find anything bad
Advice: None
Pros: it is a good place to go

Cons: no career opportunities unless you are on site
yearly raises are a joke
only care about stats
very repetitive
Advice: None
Pros: work from home
equipment provided
tuition assistance
pay is decent

Cons: don't have anything negative to say
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed my time there

Cons: Customer service can be a pain
Advice: None
Pros: Typical retail Job at the mall

Cons: It wasn’t all that great
Advice: None
Pros: I wasn’t overworked and underpaid

Cons: Customers can be very entitled and difficult, but this was worse when I worked on the east coast.
Advice: None
Pros: Seems like the cream of the crop, retail-wise.

Cons: The people are so brainwashed. The culture just reinforces that you should never ever report bad news, so everything eventually gets blamed on the vendors. So many people are just game players who don't want to get fired.
Advice: Do not be a manager here.  It's the worst of all worlds.  Stubborn employees who know they have more power than you, DEI crap, no way to fire or punish anyone, HR will battle you on anything reported by your reports or peers, etc
Pros: Everyone truly believes that they are working on the world's best products. People here are all about Apple and take great pride in being associated with Apple.

Cons: Lower pay than other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, supportive manager and teammate

Cons: Retail hours are pretty awful.
Advice: None
Pros: Better pay and skill training compared to other retail jobs.

Cons: There were no cons, other then I wasn't able to stay longer.
Advice: Love ya!
Pros: Amazing place to work. Great people, great time.

Cons: Work life balance can be tough but people are focused on it
Advice: None
Pros: Great focus on development 
Great benefits
AMAZING people

Cons: If you’re either in AppleCare or Retail your actual chances of getting another position tend to be pretty low no matter how good you perform.
Advice: None
Pros: You do get stocks every year and can sign in for discounted stocks. Benefits are great. You can get experience in other fields in their “rotation” or “career” programs.

Cons: -The benefits are not that great
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible Hours
-Great Salary
-Great product learning knowledge

Cons: Got to manage time well to succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: It is amazing and wonderful.

Cons: Unfairness and corporate politics are there.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and a supportive environment.

Cons: No cons, the work environment is nice
Advice: None
Pros: Good, good benefits, inclusive culture

Cons: Room for growth is tough sometimes with amount of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture and collaboration are awesome

Cons: micro management 
rude customers
rude manager s
Advice: None
Pros: benefits
generous pto
great co workers

Cons: can be hard to Balance
Advice: None
Pros: great team and work
interesting

Cons: too much pressure on junior engineers
Advice: None
Pros: high salary, caring community, comfort place to work

Cons: Large company culture and management
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to design
Large customer base
Large company benefits

Cons: The downsides to this job is the downtime between calls. We only had a few minutes of break, say after a call with a customer who was angry about something and calling you names. You didn't have the time to regroup before having to jump into the next call. We were "encouraged" to solve the issue quickly so we could move on to the next customer in the queue.
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed this job because it was remote, I was fully engaged with my peers, my leader was just enough present to offer immediate advice on issues outside of the tier 1 support scope. But we were encouraged to find the answers ourselves, to help each other, and in doing so, we were learning the iOS inside and out faster than you'd think.

Cons: Very large company. Certain situations, you are just a employee number
Advice: This is not all teams. Consistent communication with all of the direct reports. Don't become out of touch.
Pros: Best reasons are the people.

Cons: Work life balance is god awful. Toxic management, lack of boundaries
Advice: See your employees as human.
Pros: Pay
Benefits
Prestige
Learnings
Networking

Cons: - Corporate environment with many layers of approvals that delay processes or new ideas to come to fruition.
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent benefits package. 
- Career growth opportunities and networking. 
- Competitive environment promoting challenge and open discussion. 
- Inclusive with zero tolerance policy

Cons: Horrible management, impossible interviews, and difficult to move up. Creative positions in the stores are just monkeys with microphones, expected to draw a crowd and get sign ups, not actually connect with people
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and discounts, even as a part timer

Cons: Management was awful. Played favorites. I was a seasonal specialist, and everyone in my core was hired as full-on specialist except for me. Even several cores after me had been hired on. I had hand-fulls of customers wanting to speak with my managers about my excellent customer service daily. I went above and beyond for my customers (I did truly enjoy helping people.) I had high percentages on my AppleCare sales. And I never got hired on as a permanent specialist. This job is a joke. They make you obsessed with Apple and their products. It's a cult forsure. Look up their credo, super weird. If you like kissing butts and putting on a fake smile everyday, this job is for you.
Advice: Stop pretending to "love" your job. You love getting paid 100k a year. 
Pros: $20 an hour was the only reason I stayed at this job

Cons: Limited access to things around, You will only be able to explore on things you work on.
Advice: None
Pros: Interested projects which drives challenging work schedule and encourage to develop new skills/knownledge.

Cons: Work-life-balance was tough at certain times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great management
Benefits were great

Cons: High Expectations and Pressure: Apple is known for its high standards and intense work culture. The pressure to meet deadlines and deliver exceptional results can be stressful and demanding, potentially leading to work-life imbalance. Long Hours and Overtime: Employees may find themselves working long hours and sometimes being required to work overtime, especially during product launches or critical project phases.
Advice: jghfgxdcbvnbjlkhkgcfv
Pros: Innovative Environment: Apple is known for its innovation and cutting-edge technology. Working in such an environment can provide an opportunity to be at the forefront of technological advancements and contribute to groundbreaking projects. Learning and Growth: Apple offers a culture of continuous learning and development. Employees often have access to extensive resources, training programs, and opportunities for skill enhancement, which can accelerate professional growth. Global Impact: Apple products are used worldwide, and working for a company with a significant global presence can give you a sense of contributing to a larger, international audience and making a global impact through technology. Employee Benefits: Apple is known to offer competitive employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans, stock options, employee discounts on Apple products, and other perks that contribute to a good work-life balance.

Cons: Pay was extremely low to consider for only income.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working here. people were great &amp; the culture was professional, but allowed space for creativity.

Cons: - Paid below market average for a senior account management role. 
- The official job title "Business Pro" may de-value job experience due to naming ambiguity and put you at a competitive disadvantage on the job market when viewed by hiring managers. 
- Fully on-sight for a role that shouldn't require it. No hybrid flexibility. 
- Holidays off can become a battle with management.
- Lumped together with front-of-house retail employees. Needs of retail employees and inside sales account managers do not always align. Management constantly have to try to balance pleasing everyone.
- No clear career growth unless you want to work as a "corporate" Account Manager in Elk grove.
Advice: None
Pros: - Job security 
- Culture 
- Benefits
- Stock Plan
- Career experience programs to grow within different areas of the company for 5 months.

Cons: Payment is not as good as other companies
Advice: None
Pros: It's a good company to have in your resume

Cons: work under pressure and tension
Advice: keep going
Pros: flexible , kind, honest, and trustworthy

Cons: Stable and fast paced place
Advice: None
Pros: Repeated tasks can burn you out

Cons: Management not on the same page
Advice: None
Pros: The job security and benefits are good

Cons: call volume is super high all day
Advice: None
Pros: looks decent on a resume

Cons: Work/life balance conflicts with demands of retail schedule but Apple tries their best to make that less of a stressor. 

Demand is based off needs of customer which can fluctuate, may be tough for some people to deal with the demand.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn best practices to help troubleshoot issues and get them solved in a timely manner. Learned the skill of positioning through the work. Learned how to repair relationships with customers and extend them.Pay/benefits really good especially for retail or any entry level.

Cons: Union busting , favoritism, change in company showing true colors not what they seem, alot of employees turnover
Advice: Have a backbone. Nobody is ever on the same page
Pros: Decent pay and benefits, good hours

Cons: Customer facing role (and customers suck sometimes)
Fast pace (sometime too fast)
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment
Well paid (for level of employment)
Listened to
Great benefits

Cons: Retail hours are tedious. Customers can be entitled.
Advice: Keep having crucial conversations it really helps 
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Fantastic development opportunity

Cons: It can be a little too much enthusiasm at points where you have to force it and that can be hard around rude customers but overall that's much better than a negative environment
Advice: n/a
Pros: I loved working with the people there and that is what made me enjoy working there.

Cons: highly competitive recruitment process and highly competitve roles
Advice: It's relaxing to be here at Apple no?
Pros: it's a superb journey at Apple that will make you more pasionated

Cons: A big company with low chances of advancing
Advice: None
Pros: Nice Work-Life Balance and Pay

Cons: Terrible work environment I hate
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay but it sucks

Cons: Work holidays 
Some roles are inflexible with PTO
high turn over 
Rude entitled customers
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers 
Fast paced 
Growth opportunity 
Ongoing education 
Above average pay

Cons: Hard work and long hours consuming
Advice: None
Pros: Good balance and benefits with time off

Cons: Slave drivers, secrecy, betrayal, tearing family’s apart
Advice: Horrible working expectations for family work life balance. Family/spouses are expected to accept their significant others to report to work “over night” from 10:pm to 6:am the next morning, in person at the Apple Corp office. It’s bad enough with all of the “ disclosed projects” creating secrecy amongst family dynamics but making employees spend the night at work is ridiculous and unacceptable…these expectations are part of the reason for our divorce. Tearing families apart, great job Apple!
Pros: RSU’s, products, phone, Vision Pro,

Cons: -Poor Management
-Peak Stressful Seasons
Advice: None
Pros: -Benefits
-Time and a Half

Cons: The job was very draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, people, and experience.

Cons: Job is monotonous and boring.
Everyone works individually so no one talks and that's kinda depressing.
The snacks they bring in actually suck they need to ask people what they want because some of the stuff they bring us I wouldn't give to my dog.
Pay sucks for an adult with any responsibility.
You need a degree to get this job....why?
Everyone on site hates there job in an almost comical way. (probably because everyone is over qualified, under payed and old like seriously hire younger people that dont have as many commitments and fire the people that are under preforming)
If you work this job and your over 25 your actually a loser or at least that's the vibe i get from people that work here like come on you have a degree and your doing this.... seriously?
People that under-preform don't get fired and its super demoralizing to know you can work hard and still get paid the same as the guy who sits next to you watching anime all day. 
Very little opportunity to move up in the company or make connections and network. 
Forget getting promoted even if your working hard their only so many senior positions and only the TOP performer is getting in aka not you.
Im not even sure what the managers even do other than pretend to work i mean seriously they just talk all day, stop talking and bring me my snacks.
Upper management is clueless to the changes that need to be made to run our branch effectively.  
Advice: LAY PEOPLE OFF FOR THE LOVE OF GOD YOU DON'T NEED A DEGREE OF TYPE ON A KEYBOARD AND KNOW A LANGUAGE. YOU CAN EVEN PAY PEOPLE LESS YOU GREEDY PIGS. JUST HIRE YOUNGER AND WELL DO BETTER. HIRE 18 YEAR OLDS. HIRE IMMIGRANTS.
Pros: Decent place to work for a young person.
Much better than working fast food or customer service.
Job is mind numbingly easy .
Job is low stress and you have to be brain-dead to get fired.
Benefits at the company are nice.
If you can read and write you can do this job any bum off the street can do this job.
you can be on your phone all day and no one cares. 
management is pretty chill.
They buy you food sometimes and also free snacks they say you can only take two but i take however many I feel like just because.

Cons: Competitive. Work life balance can be hard occasionally
Advice: None
Pros: Great projects. Lots of innovation. Diverse and inclusivity.

Cons: Work life balance is not the best. Store hours are inconsistent across the country just as pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, okay pay and diverse team.

Cons: Work life balance
Feedback
Velocity
Advice: Be open to feedback
Pros: Good Benefits 
Room for growth

Cons: can be tough to go up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Great flexibility and a nice team

Cons: Big company, cross team com is time consuming
Advice: None
Pros: Strong tech team
A lot smart colleague
Nice team work

Cons: The company is very big and the intern project requires a self-starter so if you're not an extroverted person it can be difficult to get the information you need to complete your project. They also didn't have headcount to offer me a return offer so that's lame.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule
Decent pay
Awesome manager

Cons: Sometimes I would get a little tired
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible atmosphere would definitely recommend!

Cons: As a huge company such as Apple, there is not any con.!
Advice: None
Pros: Well-done experience, with high learning prospects.

Cons: Low raises. Takes a long time to move up.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. Great workers. Good for college job.

Cons: pay is too low considering the skill set that is necessary
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits were great, and the healthcare was good

Cons: Long working hours
Long Commute 
Very Hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: Working with the best talent
High standards 
Appreciation for design across organization

Cons: Customers can be rude and if you're not full time you must have full weekend availibilty.
Advice: Give part timers weekend days off.
Pros: Flexible Hours, Hands on experience with Apple Devices, Develops advanced troubleshooting techniques.

Cons: Very secretive culture leads to reinventing the wheel.
Advice: None
Pros: Really smart colleagues and fun projects.

Cons: Focused Remit
Growth Path Unclear
Dated Ways of Working
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary
Global Impact
Design Led

Cons: Work-life balance; off-hours calls; pace of work
Advice: None
Pros: Motivated, smart, energized and dilgent people

Cons: Going away from old sales model and using 1 person to service multiple customers at the same time
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, understanding management. Puts employees first.

Cons: TL; DR:

- Near zero growth opportunity within AppleCare, and very hard to be seen as a viable candidate to the rest of Apple.
- Career growth pacification programs that provide no real advancement or growth.
- Restrictive rotation and career experience programs. Rather than allowing you to flourish and apply for real world experiences from other departments as much as you'd like, you are restricted to once every six months to a year. 
- Every six months your schedule will likely change, upending your personal life.
- You get hired for a specific role, then get various other roles dumped on you with no pay raise.
- Management will randomly move you around to different managers, desks for no reason. 
- Management either does not care about you, or has no power to make real change when necessary, so they just BS around everything. 

Oh man. I've grown into a bit of a curmudgeon during my time here, so I've definitely got cons. Despite what some will ultimately believe is some sad sack who sabotages themselves into being where they are, that is not the case. I'm not saying that my feelings haven't spilled out over the years, but I mainly keep this stuff inside and uphold composure. All of this stuff is true. 

- Sadly, if you have a hunger and desire to grow your career and advance within Apple and you came to AppleCare (AC) thinking that this would at least be a nice starting place, you have chosen poorly. AC is where talented individuals get trapped within a sea of mediocrity and complacency. So many people are just "meh" and have no desire to advance, therefore you cannot advance within the organization, and since it's Apple, it's already extremely competitive, so when opportunities that you would qualify for (which are few and far between unless you're a hardware engineer or programmer with years of experience) open up, it's nearly impossible to stand out to a recruiter for them to even give you the time of day. 

- Because the executive and upper management level of AC know that there are next to zero opportunities due to the competitive nature of Apple, they have created a career growth program designed to make you feel like they care, like there is possible opportunity, and that this program will somehow benefit you, despite it not providing much in the way of anything. They have "career coaches" that have barely had a career themselves (seriously, they had the same job that you have right now, then became coaches. Give me someone who has actually advanced), they give you free access to Coursera, which is nice, but it does nothing to make up for the lack of experience or education most roles require, and it offers what are called "rotations" which is where you work for another team for up to six months getting real world experience likely doing a job that you'd actually want to do (but without the pay), however the likelihood of getting a job from a rotation is about as likely as you getting struck by lightning on a clear day in the desert as the majority of the orgs that offer rotations are given zero budget for additional headcount. They are perpetually stuck rotating new people in and out every six months. They hate it as much as we do. They wish they could hire some of us as much as we wish we could be hired. 

We're all restricted to one rotation per six months, so in the event to where you'd be amazing for a role that maybe, just maybe might just wind up being able to hire you, too bad so sad. You're stuck in your regular job watching someone else advance who's been there a fraction of the time that you have simply because they were in the right place at the right time. To rub additional salt into the wound, we get emails on the rare occasion that someone is actually hired off of a rotation, as if the career site had anything to do with it. Even better, they've barely even worked at Apple, going from a retail role to just skipping right over you making six figures easy. Now, I assume they're an amazing person who is killing it, but I don't know. What I do know is that I never got the opportunity to present like this person did because of this stupid "one rotation every six months" rule. 

- Once every six months your schedule will most likely change, potentially upending your life. It's Apple, right. If they put out a request for people to work odd hours, they would still get a crazy amount of applicants, but for whatever reason, rather than hiring for a specific shift, we all get judged by our metrics. These are metrics that are impossible to perfect due to the nature of our job, so no matter how hard one might try to get perfect metrics so that in turn you get first pick of your schedule, it won't happen. So, you might work from 7am to 4 pm half the year, then 11 am to 8pm the other half. Maybe you need weekends off because you have kids who are enrolled in sports and you want to be there to support them. Too bad so sad if your metrics weren't good enough to get first pick. Whereas once you may have worked Monday thru Friday, now you work Saturday thru Wednesday, or have two random days off rather than consecutively. 

- You get hired for a specific job, then over time you literally take on the job of several other organizations. Let's say you get hired to assist Mac and iPhone customers. Cool - two products (though, these products include all of the built-in apps and services). You can become a master over these two things and get amazing feedback from all of your customers, i.e. excel in your role. Then, the org decides that they want to take on a completely new products because they want to merge your org with what once was a separate org for "reasons", and it happens again, and again, and again... and no - you aren't paid more because of it. Now, you're supporting Mac, iOS, lets say Apple Watch, Apple Pay, Apple Fitness +, the Apple TV, Apple TV+, Apple Vision Pro, Apple whatever, therefore you knowledge gets very diluted and you are overall a less helpful person who to a customer doesn't sound like you know what you're doing. 

On top of that, management can't help but want to shake things up for no good reason, so you're often moved around within the office space itself, and you're often moved around to different managers, or to managers that you previously already had, then got moved from, and are now back under. It's like they have nothing better to do, or some budget that they don't want to lose access to and moving us around "costs money" or something. You create this fantastic working relationship with those around you, helping each other out, getting to really know people, then BAM! you get moved. Sometimes you get to start over and really get to know a whole new group of people that are awesome, but sometimes you get sat next to some guy that doesn't shower, sleeps all day only to be woken up by a phone call before attempting to nap again, or are sat next to someone who has anger management issues and slams their hands against the desk because every single customer frustrates them, etc. No wonder they treat AppleCare like children - it can be a daycare sometimes. I don't know why they allow this kind of thing to continue. 

- Management doesn't care about you. Any time you bring up a legitimate issue, you have to set up a meeting for when they're available, which can be weeks later sometimes, only to be given some really politically correct, BS response where nothing happens. It's like everyone is just biding their time, waiting to retire or die, and no one wants to "rock the boat". They want to talk the talk, but not walk the walk.
Advice: Get rid of the "one rotation every six months" rule. Allow us to pursue growth and career advancement without restriction.
Pros: - The benefits (eyes and dental) are great. Healthcare was until covid, now they're terrible and reject as much as possible, but that could be all providers for all I know.
- Other employee benefits aside from healthcare are nice. 
- The campus is well maintained and nice
- The caffe has great food that is pretty inexpensive for what you get. 
- On campus gym (but it's getting more expensive for some reason)
- Discounts on Apple and third party products/ services
- Occasionally you'll get free swag. 
- Occasionally there are campus parties. Not so much since covid, and never as good as Cupertino.

Cons: Sometimes it can be tough to move up
Customers can be tiresome 
Work on weekends
Advice: A lot of them try to be too corporate
Pros: Good company culture 
Good benefits 
Good experience

Cons: Dealing with the public is always a treat
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of flexibility with schedule

Cons: Availability is a must have
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work very diverse

Cons: -Growth stop at Genius when it comes to IT
Advice: None
Pros: -Learn lost about yourself and grow
-Lots of CE opportunities yearly

Cons: The interview process is so heavily story based, results matter but not as much as they should and unfortunately there is too much favoritism in this store.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are undeniably the best part of the job. Whether you are part time or full time there is no other retail job out there (the job is ultimately retail) with the benefits they offer to everyone.

Cons: The only con I had was that the position was seasonal, they also tend to hire non permanent in the beginning, if you could take that chance then go for it
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was very good, especially when you compare it to other retail stores. The staff is very friendly, depending on the person it could be too much for them but they were very supportive

Cons: Heavy work and less work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great Team and amazing work

Cons: I don’t have any cons to display
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing. I truly feel valued.

Cons: Very quick tempo, longer work hours, tough
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, many knowledgeable experts, great company

Cons: Constant customer interaction can get tiring
Advice: Trust the experience of your team. They want to do the best they can. 
Pros: learning on the fly
working with various hardware versions

Cons: raises were very low this year
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is decent and no layoffs

Cons: the workload can be heavy depending on the project
Advice: None
Pros: supportive team and interesting project

Cons: High Workload: Apple is known for its fast-paced work environment, which can result in heavy workloads and long hours at times, leading to increased stress and work-life imbalance. Intense Competition: Apple operates in a highly competitive industry, which means employees may face intense pressure to meet deadlines and deliver exceptional results consistently. Secrecy and Confidentiality: Apple places a strong emphasis on secrecy and confidentiality, which can limit the sharing of information and collaboration outside of the company, potentially restricting creativity and innovation. Limited Work-Life Balance: Due to the demanding nature of the work and high expectations, maintaining a healthy work-life balance at Apple can be challenging. Perfectionist Culture: Apple has a reputation for its meticulous attention to detail and pursuit of perfection, which can create a high-pressure environment where mistakes may be less tolerated.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative Work Environment: Apple fosters a culture of innovation, which allows employees to work on cutting-edge technologies and projects that push the boundaries of technology. Competitive Compensation: Apple offers competitive salaries and benefits packages to its employees, ensuring that they are rewarded for their contributions and hard work. Brand Prestige: Being associated with Apple carries a certain prestige in the industry and can enhance your professional reputation. Career Development Opportunities: Apple provides numerous opportunities for career growth and development through training programs, mentorship, and internal mobility. Employee Discounts: Apple employees enjoy discounts on Apple products, which can be a significant perk for tech enthusiasts and consumers.

Cons: Very difficult to move within the company after acquiring new skills and/or credentials. Retaliatory culture when speaking out in good faith. In my role, often times my mental health is disregarded for the numbers game the manager wants to represent. For example, they will remove breaks, and meetings, and keep calls back to back within seconds of ending a call. I feel like with that management, I am thought as a number. Possibly a robot to just spit out additional numbers. We are supposed to rely on other teams for support and rude team members get no accountability for their lack of support and toxic behavior. I have actually seen my own workplace bully, who I out performed get promoted and recruit more bullies and nothing has been done. I was actually retaliated against and denied promotions.
Advice: When selecting hiring managers for interviews, include an HR representative or hiring personnel that has experience with onboarding and interviewing individuals of diverse backgrounds during the actual interview. These new managers are given autonomy to make or break career opportunities when they have no workforce skills. They get a training and the go destroy an employees career goals because they do not know how to interview. Listen to your employees and make it right when they have been wronged by toxic, coworkers, management, and leadership.
Pros: Hard work reflects in metrics, which is rewarded. Benefits and pay for this role is extremely competitive and makes the job worthwhile.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice company and wonderful people. I cannto say enough nice things.

Cons: Political culture limits product innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Values people
Good pay
Good benefits

Cons: a lot of overtime hours
Advice: overall good micro management and team
Pros: good pay and benefits pro

Cons: Very brainwashy. Feels like a cult looking back on it
Advice: Take people’s concerns seriously 
Pros: Fun people to work with

Cons: Too much of overtime in product management jon
Advice: None
Pros: Best work place to work

Cons: Can be a lot of pressure at times
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of diversity on the team

Cons: Pay could be much better
Advice: None
Pros: Good work with this job

Cons: Very slow and unexciting. My team had 20 engineers, and 15 were contracted engs from India
Advice: None
Pros: Job security &amp; people think you're smart because you work at Apple

Cons: Can be emotional exhausting at times in retail
Advice: None
Pros: Health, commuter, dental, vision, stock options

Cons: Now I am stuck and unable to get hired anywhere else,
Advice: Corporate culture is taking away from any positive aspects of the job. Pay and benefits are getting worse.
Pros: It was great when I graduated college.

Cons: too much woke pressures etc.
Advice: None
Pros: good offices, friendly coworkers and problems

Cons: have a really strict NDA
Advice: None
Pros: it is pretty good so far

Cons: A bad manager can make the already difficult job more difficult..
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, ability to build PTO and access to development is iffy.. depends on your manager and how far they will be going to support you. Some amazing.. and some not

Cons: Little flexibility with shifts and scheduling
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and decent pay

Cons: Leadership direction can change at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and stable company

Cons: - Cannot trust manager
- No transparency 
- Unreasonable expectations
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits
- Development
- Life Skills

Cons: None, had a great time there
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture &amp; work ethic

Cons: Not only will you work every holiday, away from your family, but the pay is mediocre with little growth. They laid off our entire team with no warning and took benefits immediately. I’ve never imagined a huge corporation could screw over long time employees like this.
Advice: Be trained and a good human 
Pros: Decent health benefits for self and family.

Cons: None from my side since it is a nice experience for me
Advice: None
Pros: Good to work really nice environment

Cons: - Overtime 
-computers
-alarms
-city location 
-commute
Advice: None
Pros: -hours
-breaks
-people 
-work
-food

Cons: There’s no future there’s a ceiling
Advice: None
Pros: The friends you’ll make are awesome

Cons: Hours.  Lazy management.   Harder workers expected to carry rest of team.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional work environment.   
Good pay, benefits, incentives. 

Cons: Team constantly understaffed. Expect features be cut here and there.
Advice: Keep doing what they do.
Pros: Can stay long term for job security.

Cons: Working weekends is a must
Advice: None
Pros: Family feeling in the store. You are able to build great relationships.

Cons: Pretty stressful environment to work in.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and generally nice

Cons: Weak and ineffectual leadership
Cold-blooded deceptive game on their employees
Advice: Fire Holly Romano!
Pros: Colleagues are there for you.

Cons: - strict scheduling rules (requires weekends)
Advice: None
Pros: - great benefit 
- personal improvement

Cons: Retail management is excruciating. Not recommended for those with families. 
It can feel like you’re an overpaid baby sitter sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are incredible and unbeatable. Apple really caress about its people, not just lip service. They take a stance on issues.

Cons: Management likes to nitpick, but it’s due to them working endlessly to become managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and somewhat reasonable employee discount

Cons: long hours, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good place to gain work experience

Cons: They really want you to sell apple care
Advice: Worry less about Apple care stats
Pros: The People really believe in the company culture

Cons: Poor management, leadership, and organizational structure.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is decent for entry level

Cons: hard to get days off
Advice: None
Pros: really nice pay to be honest

Cons: It’s retail, and you deal with a bunch of angry impatient customers
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay for retail, great benefits

Cons: living expenses is quite costlier compared to other prime locations
Advice: keep hustling and keep doing the grat work that they are doing
Pros: incentives give to workers are great

Cons: Depending on your store. Terrible leadership could be a real problem.
Advice: Shouldn’t have to answer to more than 2 bosses. Doesn’t make you work harder it just makes you work hard enough to not hear it.
Pros: Great resume builder I must say.

Cons: Slow growth for promotions in store.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and environment in the store.

Cons: Stress is high, pressure to maintain high KPIs in a knowledgeable market is difficult. Team members can care and give 100%, but new employees into the workforce lack the care of each other and customers. Leaders don't have each others back and it can be difficult to lead others in environments that don't have cohesive leadership.
Advice: Ask about your people.  What makes them tick?  What are their strengths and utilize them.  Help them when they are struggling.
Pros: Collaborate with great talent
Your ideas are heard and you can have impact on others

Cons: I don’t know what you mean
Advice: None
Pros: Easy snd helpfully important for me

Cons: none as of right now
Advice: None
Pros: great environment, great people, great product

Cons: Retail nonsense. Rude customers and expectant sometimes immature team members.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, solid vision and purpose

Cons: Not much opportunity to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, work style is efficient.

Cons: A Very Fast paced Environment
Advice: None
Pros: It Was A Wonderful Role

Cons: Working in retail is always going to be challenging because of how many people you talk to every day. Full shifts during the weekend sometimes can feel overwhelming because you will be talking all day long with nice customers and not so nice customers as well.
Advice: None
Pros: All managers are very kind, respectful and caring. My peers are really nice people, very supportive and fun to work with. Best work environment I’ve been in out of the rest companies I’ve work for. Apple stands by their values.

Cons: no such thing as work life balance when in leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: pay and employee discounts were okay

Cons: Retail Burnout
Most weekends spent working
Advice: None
Pros: Great people
Wonderful leadership and management
Benefits for self and family
Growth potential

Cons: There is rarely any downside to working here!
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great place to work!

Cons: Toxic. Too much politics. Undervalued.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent technical work. Very high quality.

Cons: Tenured employees are not valued. They are being forced out and they are bringing in outside vendors who they can pay $10 less than the tenured employees. 

They offer no growth for WFH ( AHA - at home advisor) roles. 

Advice: The overwhelming responsibility placed on senior support without a raise that shows their worth is trash. Let go of Lisa, she’s horrible for the company. You don’t have to push people to show your the boss. No compassion whatsoever 
Pros: They care about customers ALWAYS 

Cons: Culture changed significantly during my time, for the worse. Employees valued less and less. Customer service standards not upheld. Reliable hard working employees not recognized. Difficult constantly changing working hours. Extra work loads on holidays and weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent customer service training. Gain experience working with Apple products. Stay up to date with the tech world and cool technologies. Build good customer relationships. Decent benefits. Good discounts on products.

Cons: Schedule lottery 
micro managing down to the scheduling software 
managers discussed promotion and walked back the offer due to "budget" (after hours and hours of project work to prove myself) so I left for another company
Advice: None
Pros: Good resume highlight
campus is amazing

Cons: - Hard to balance work and life
Advice: None
Pros: - Great pay
- Flexible scheduling for college students

Cons: Can be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great interactions with people and good pay

Cons: -Call center work is inherently soul-sucking
-Teams often get split up
Advice: None
Pros: -Decent pay
-Good benefits
-If you have a good manager and team, you will genuinely like your co-workers

Cons: There isn’t any cons on my part.
Advice: Management does a great job to make sure you’re excelling at work.
Pros: Family orientated environment, amazing training, amazing coworkers, great benefits.

Cons: None really. Just be ambitious.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of amazing people and opprotunities

Cons: Some managers can be micro managing and condescending.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Most of the people you work with are nice and genuine. Pay is pretty good and they take care of you.

Cons: Covid made it difficult to collaborate in person
Advice: None
Pros: Its always the people that make a place great.

Cons: long and hard hours with a lot of talking
Advice: None
Pros: it was a fun job and had to talk a lot

Cons: Leadership preaches how much they care about the wellbeing of their employees yet do absolutely nothing to show for it. Zero work life balance. At least in the location I work for, your requests (vacation, requested days off, sick time )when there is no threshold will be denied. They Will create agreements and retract them later on. 
Apple no longer invests in their employees development. Everything is now in front of a computer with very little hands on training.
Advice: Be human, empathetic, and seek to understand.
Pros: The biggest and only pro is the people you work alongside. There are so many knowledgeable, amazing, and talented humans I’ve had the pleasure of working with.

Cons: Pay not completive for skills and qualifications.
Advice: Increase pay and performance-based as well as service-based bonuses.
Pros: Flexible hours, great healthcare benefits and relaxed work environment,

Cons: Bad wlf and politic driven EPM org
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed enthusiastic people, smartest in tech

Cons: I think compensation could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is good enough at Apple

Cons: need a better management in company
Advice: None
Pros: good to work for this company

Cons: long hours and the job is mentally exhausting
Advice: create more opportunities 
Pros: culture 
people 
benefits 
mangement 
resources

Cons: long hours and high pressure to deliver
Advice: None
Pros: being in right team, you get to develop a lot

Cons: Low pay, Room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Stock, Connections, Discount, Good culture

Cons: No room for growth if you work from home and they offer to much lateral promotion.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot about the operating system

Cons: Very mid for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good company but just ok

Cons: It's retail and customer facing. Customers are going to make you upset, the store will always be busy, and you will be asked to put on a smile at all times. Also, there are many employees and finding a full-time role is rare. In my case, the store leader and senior manager were mediocre and they only cared about themselves and their little clique. It was condescending and also ironic that a "store leader" and "senior manager" who did not know how any of the products work can tell you that you need to improve performance when they cannot offer help themselves. They would just hide in their office and ignore the madness of the store, especially during peak hours on the weekend (part of the reason why we were always behind on appointments). Additionally, we would be required to put in PTO a month and half or two months before the actual date while they were always out on vacation. It was demeaning and obvious that they did not care about the overall happiness of their employees. 

Also, the worst feeling about working at this store location is that senior management did not promote from within, when the store had so many talented people who could lead this location to success. There were so many employees who spent years working here that were overlooked for leadership roles when they 100% deserved it. Instead, it would be common for leadership to hire externally and bring on people who had no tech savviness whatsoever. Again, it would feel demeaning to have an outside hire manager/lead try to rate your performance when they didn't even know how to use an iPhone.
Advice: Recognize the talent of your people, some have worked there for so many years and deserve the opportunity.
Pros: Great benefits &amp; coworkers were nice.

Cons: We are constantly told when there is a full time position we will revive the chance to apply, however there is never a position open. They have multiple employees working part time to cover a full time employees short shift.
Advice: Listen to your employees when they express they are burnt out. Do not make promises you cannot keep. If you have multiple workers telling you they cannot afford even their basic needs listen, if your employees are faking leave of absences to “to take a mental break” then something is very wrong with the company.
Pros: Stocks, 401k match, sometimes there is bonuses.

Cons: minimal upward trajectory for future senior positions
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, paid time off and benefits

Cons: Average salary, minimal discount on Apple products
Advice: None
Pros: Good vibes, flood training programme

Cons: I have nothing bad to say Honestly
Advice: None
Pros: I would recommend for work environment

Cons: some supervisors need peer to peer training
Advice: None
Pros: hands on learning
promoted from within

Cons: High stress 
Growth relies on networking only
Advice: None
Pros: Health insurance 
Team building exercises and events

Cons: schedule was a bit hectic for me
Advice: None
Pros: great company, great staff and development program

Cons: Could improve the hours for part-timer
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment 
Time for training

Cons: expect change daily
the team speak chinese instead of english
team has inner circle people from China
lack of transparency
very good document and schedule planning
Advice: very poor management style
Pros: work on latest technology
visionOS
iOS
good health care
decent 401k matching

Cons: While retail may require little to no experience, getting into corporate is much harder. Career development is also limited in retail, and the company priorities external hires for leadership roles. Movement from retail to corporate is almost impossible. As a result, there are very few tenured employees in retail. Retail pay, while better than the rest of the industry is still lacking. Apple store are located in affluent cities or suburbs and retail pay does not keep up to the cost of living. Retail managers, market leaders and directors are the only retail employees making more than their locations cost of living. Corporate employees also fare better when it comes to pay.
Advice: Develop internal talent and stop hiring externally. Pay better.
Pros: No experience needed to work in retail. 
Great benefits. 
Retail pay is better than industry retail pay (however see cons for details on pay)

Cons: Not a lot of snack options
Advice: Get more snacks
Pros: Great place to work. Highly recommend

Cons: 20 hours may be too much for most students
Advice: No
Pros: Great benefits , work around school schedule

Cons: I wouldn’t say Apple has any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company to work for

Cons: none really that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: good people and a great environment

Cons: need to pay food, code infrastruct to be improved.
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay, nice coworker, good food

Cons: Customers, Managers with unrealistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: RSU, or restricted stock unit

Cons: Day to day tasks are repetitive 
FT employees work from open to close so no time to do anything before/after work really
Positions come open very seldom
Advice: 4 day work week would be splendid!
Pros: Amazing benefits
Discounts
401K
Top tier insurance 
Competitive pay
Stock options

Cons: Work life balance is almost not existent and it gets really busy. I would always be super tired after each one of my shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Apple is a great part time job. Best paying part time retail job in my opinion.

Cons: Feedback culture, work, life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work culture

Cons: None it’s a great place
Advice: None
Pros: Phenomenal work environment and great benefits

Cons: long working hours and few holidays
Advice: None
Pros: great and fun company to work at

Cons: Lack of Innovation, Work life Balance,
Advice: None
Pros: Great products from iPods to iPhone to Watch.

Cons: Have yet to find one
Advice: None
Pros: The best company and brand in the world

Cons: No room for growth within the retail team.
Advice: None
Pros: great experience at Tech retail

Cons: Management, next to no work life balance and managements excuse is “it’s retail”. The company gives loads of great benefits but can never enjoy them since you get paid Pennie’s on the dollar. Were made to recite a credo that is only intended for retail to follow and it only applies to those who are not in a leadership position. We’re told to give more than we take but have no homes to live in or money to buy groceries.
Advice: Please practice empathy especially to those employees who sleep in their cars or have have no homes to go to. I work at a store where I could name 4 employees who don’t have a home.
Pros: Good work environment with great people to work around. Apple hires literally the best people to work around. My greatest friendships came from here and I’m thankful for that.

Cons: I can’t think of any cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Great company I had a great time

Cons: Sometimes powerless to change anything
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: Wish you could take more vacation time off together
Advice: None
Pros: So happy with the amazing beneifts from apple

Cons: -customer service role
-constant phone calls
Advice: None
Pros: -nice pay
-flexible hours
-energetic managers
-remote

Cons: Travel a lot to clients
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people and managers who

Cons: They kinda violate tou still no cap
Advice: Just p up garaaa
Pros: Good bread no cap
Hard facilities and all dem 1s there

Cons: little fish in very big pond, felt too large at times
Advice: None
Pros: incredible people and products, great benefits

Cons: your manager = your whole experience at apple
Advice: None
Pros: ok work/life balance - working odd hours for different regions but do have the flexibility to work from home several days of the week

Cons: Differences in management styles and Company communication
Advice: None
Pros: Family oriented, Great hours hybrid schedule all inclusive work environment

Cons: Impossible to move into corporate
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, company is aware, great products

Cons: they recently increased caf food prices
Advice: None
Pros: exciting work
good workspace
good pay

Cons: TIme off is not consistent
Advice: None
Pros: -pay
- benefits as well as incentives

Cons: They've lost a lot of what makes Apple, Apple. Much more process based on other companies, and focusing on the "how" or "what," and forgetting the "why." I hope they bring it back around. Work/life balance is not there if you want to succeed at all. I&amp;D efforts interested in promoting approved group think, rather than truly diverse backgrounds and though processes
Advice: Start with "why." Also, focus on what matters, vs. current fixation on perception
Pros: Generally, good people. Good products. Overall good process.

Cons: Large organization, slighly difficult to navigate in the beginning.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart committed team. Great company.

Cons: Shared delusion and hypocrisy involving inclusion among the staff
no set schedule 
abismal clientle
Advice: None
Pros: learning amazing customer service skills 
benefits 
discounts

Cons: hsdhss hsh shsrt hrth srth sh s
Advice: hrth hsrth srth
Pros: hsrths stehsrteh sghst hsthrthh th srh h t

Cons: Not good people sometimes scary
Advice: None
Pros: Very good employer very good

Cons: Be on top of you work
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible good pay and chill

Cons: Apple is great but things can get political when trying to progress through ranks
Advice: None
Pros: Discount, access to products when they release, stock options

Cons: - Senior management don’t empathize with the team 
- Some micromanaging 
- No growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: - Fixed Schedule
- Great benefits 
- Amazing team

Cons: no free stuff like other FAANG companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and bonuses, but hard to climb

Cons: Favoritism
Senior management too policy focused
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance.
Management

Cons: Thank you for doing your part to keep Glassdoor the most trusted place to find a job and company you love
Advice: eat less
Pros: great great great great great

Cons: too busy for work load
Advice: None
Pros: pay is good,culture is good

Cons: No cons. Amazing company nonetheless
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture is great always

Cons: No room to move up
Raises are laughable even when you go above and beyond 
Huge stress from customer interactions 
Insurance is expensive
Advice: If management can make millions, we shouldn’t be living paycheck to paycheck when we’re the ones dealing with customers
Pros: New parent leave is best in class

Cons: Heavy workload and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and knowledge people

Cons: They were mean occasionally to me
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working at APple

Cons: Not enough projects available for you
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and nice workplace

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and travel

Cons: Remote work is somewhat limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects and good work life balance.

Cons: none. thought it was brilliant
Advice: none
Pros: good fun. would recommend to anyone who like tech

Cons: Too many managers, some with even less than 5 reports. 

The true corporate ladder. If you join at the bottom, you might not even make it to the top half in the next 20 years!
Advice: None
Pros: Good stock refresher and benefits.

Cons: However do not expect rapid advancement if you want to stay at home. All current advancement opportunities require a move to one of the campus locations.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple's at home advisor role is a great opportunity to work for one of the largest companies in the world. The starting pay is quite good.

Cons: Sometimes upper management can seem disconnected.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent opportunity to get in the door with a technology giant. But plan to be encouraged to work on site.

Cons: It's a hardware company so not the best on engineering culture like onwership, architecture and organization structure
Advice: None
Pros: Great on scale, products and possible impact

Cons: Very hectic work life. My group has a requirement that nobody can take more time off than 2 weeks at a stretch. But now with remote work arrangements you can work from remote geographies for up to 4 weeks a year and can combine it with vacations. This policy is generally working out well enough so far. The ESPP policy limits you to no more than 10% of your salary to be invested. No matching rewards on ESPP. But the stock appreciation and stability of the stock price probably make up for it.
Advice: Trust in employees is a two-way street. It is reasonable to expect employees to respect company secrets. But in turn the company should respect employees’ need for long leaves, sabbaticals, and other means to refresh themselves and come back to work with great vigor and newer perspectives. It may also be a good idea to consider offering a learning sabbatical every 7 years to allow folks to take a 3 month leave to learn new skills and come back to apply them to work. The company benefits, and the employees get the time to dedicate time to learning.
Pros: Very good pay and benefits. Management genuinely appreciates good work done. They provide good compensation raises and bonuses to keep you. Leave credits to you fairly. And the stock appreciation does give you some good upside. The employee purchase plan (EPP) is good. Plus they have EPP+ which gives extra money for purchases every three years. The company buys and uses some of the best software packages from vendors and so you are enabled to do a very high quality work using the best software there is.

Cons: no no no no no
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice managed and very nice people

Cons: management wasn't the best in my opnion
Advice: None
Pros: i think it was easy

Cons: There are so many cons. Micromanagement, poor leadership, no advancement after many years of service, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: coworkers that you meet during your employment.

Cons: more time 
high creativity
critical thinking
Advice: None
Pros: high pay
high salary
less work

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and benefits, wonderful colleagues

Cons: Sucks for intern, long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Cool for Intern, learned a lot

Cons: Hard to get full time
Advice: None
Pros: Great community and benefits all together

Cons: nothing to say really here
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work at

Cons: No growth, as company is big now
Advice: None
Pros: Nice perks , work life balance

Cons: political when it comes to trying to move up
Advice: None
Pros: the community and freedom in store

Cons: Low work life balance and aggressive culture
Advice: None
Pros: High paying and smart people

Cons: There were none, yeah there were things that could be improved, but the good outweighed the bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Atmosphere, Benefits, Career Advancement, Culture

Cons: I actually cannot think of any!
Advice: None
Pros: They offer a lot of great benefits!

Cons: Repetitive 
switch shift every 6months
Advice: None
Pros: great benefit
good pay
networking
Career building 
free coursera

Cons: High pressure and demanding work environment, with tight deadlines and high expectations Steep learning curve for new employees due to complex processes and systems Can be challenging to balance work and personal life due to the demands of the job Highly competitive and fast-paced industry, with rapid changes in technology and consumer trends that can be difficult to keep up with Limited opportunities for creativity and experimentation due to the company's focus on maintaining a consistent brand image and product design
Advice: One thing I've learned over the years is the importance of taking risks and stepping outside of your comfort zone. It can be scary to try new things and take on new challenges, but it's often the only way to truly grow and learn as a person. My advice to anyone who's feeling stuck or stagnant in their career or personal life is to start small and work your way up. Maybe try taking on a new project at work, or signing up for a class or workshop in a subject that interests you. Or maybe it's just as simple as reaching out to someone new and striking up a conversation. Whatever it is, don't be afraid to push yourself and take that first step. You never know where it might lead you.
Pros: Opportunity to work with a renowned brand known for innovation and quality Chance to work with talented individuals from diverse backgrounds Emphasis on employee growth and development Competitive salary and benefits package, including bonuses and stock options Focus on work-life balance and employee wellness, fostering a positive work culture

Cons: There are no cons to this job
Advice: Maybe
Pros: Benefit are the best hands down

Cons: Very numbers focused and pressure from managers
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture and opportunity to advance

Cons: It's a high pace work environment. But that is expected of a company like Apple
Advice: None
Pros: I like the people I work with and the benefits offered by the company

Cons: this interview was very tough
Advice: None
Pros: Very reputable company and pays well

Cons: Bad hours and rude people
Advice: None
Pros: Good easy job, good money

Cons: The pay is not very good only base salary
Advice: None
Pros: I loved work there and everyone is a real talent

Cons: I have no cons to share
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people with significant ambition

Cons: Work load at times , setting boundaries can be difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: The support and benefits available to you as in employee is fantastic

Cons: Rough customer service job. Apple is extremely competitive even for internal job searches and it is nearly impossible to move up to be an engineer (I studied mechanical engineering).
Advice: The majority of college students working this job are doing it because they want to work at Apple after graduation. So it would be best to make finding them a job within Apple a priority (a job not in customer service).
Pros: Good pay for a college student, benefits you would not see at other part-time jobs, and the Apple brand name in your resume is always good.

Cons: time off, busy, lots of work, no room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: good bad ugly sweet healthy

Cons: - Hard to get your foot in the door

- Interviewing is very competative

- If you are hired on as a Seasonal Specialist you will be very sad to leave when the contract is expiried
Advice: Nothing you were all amazing
Pros: - Getting to share your knowledge of technology with customers and co-workers

- Alot of support from managment

- Base pay is very competitive

- No commison is made so you do not have to upsell to any customers

Cons: I wish I got paid more
Advice: None
Pros: I get free apple products for my projects that I can use for side projects after hours

Cons: the job comes with a lot of international travel
Advice: None
Pros: they have a great culture of excellence

Cons: When working on the sales team they constant on looking at Apple Care numbers sold to each device you sell.
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership that looks out for your best interest. The company values leaving work at work and setting clear boundaries of when to be working and enjoying time off when you are not at work. The companies provides great benefits even for part time workers.

Cons: stressful sometimes to finish work
Advice: None
Pros: having a competitive salary, good treats such as vacation, working from home, ....

Cons: Didn’t experience any cons at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at.

Cons: My only complaint is that Apple is hiring so rapidly into my department that we all have to share an office with another employee.  Perhaps when we move to the new "spaceship" campus I'll get a private office.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Apple currently offers competitive salaries and benefits, interesting projects, smart colleagues and a comfortable workplace.

Of note is Apple's contribution to the 401(k) plan.  For the first two years, the maximum matching contribution is 3%, but increases to 4.5% after two years of tenure and to 6% after fives years of tenure.  Other employers such as Oracle and (before the Oracle acquisition) Sun offered only a 3% maximum matching contribution.  And the Apple matching contribution vests immediately, unlike for example HP where the matching contribution vests only after three long years; incredibly, HP will confiscate its matching contribution if you leave HP for any reason prior to three years.  Apple won't.

Also, Apple's medical insurance is top-notch, easily besting for example the medical insurance of HP.  With HP's lowest-deductible health plan, a $3,000 MRI will cost you $750 out of pocket ($500 deductible plus 10% of $3,000 less the $500 deductible) whereas with Apple the MRI will cost you nothing out of pocket.  Apple's medical insurance is among the best that I've seen in Silicon Valley, and rivals that of Oracle and Sun.

Cons: Time card rules, especially if you are coming from another job
Advice: Be more considerate 
Pros: Benefits
Great staff members 
Continuous training available to stay up to date

Cons: Rotating schedules/sometimes hard to get the schedule you want, relatively small pay increase for forced upskilling
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible time off, good insurance, most managers are helpful

Cons: Opportunity to advance in career
Advice: None
Pros: Atmosphere
On campus options
commuter benefits

Cons: Your typical retail job with its own issues
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits
- Great Perks
- Job isn't physically demanding

Cons: No free food 
Long working hours
Lack of benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting work
Good benefits for business trips

Cons: So hard to meet the deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: You could learn so much from the experts around.

Cons: Didn’t receive a lot of actionable feedback on how to improve. Inconsistent schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Ever changing work environment in regards to products, problems needing to be solved, and people to interact with.

Cons: Life can be monotonous at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company to work for

Cons: Store gets busy and a bit overwhelming
Advice: Allow team time to decompress throughout shifts
Pros: Fun environment and lots to learn

Cons: A lot of hours of writing
Advice: None
Pros: I had to work for the fun of it

Cons: Sometimes Tier 2 for elevated calls resist taking the call.
Advice: None
Pros: Software systems are very comprehensive

Cons: PTO is vague. People tend to take 10+ days of.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Benefits are above industry standard.

Cons: I didn’t have any downsides while working there, genuinely
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed working there, good benefits and competitive pay

Cons: I don’t have much to say everything offered. It is fantastic.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, great benefits, stock options

Cons: Management is inconsistent when it comes to helping your growth
The store leader is the only person you can actually trust.
Advice: Managers need to stop giving the runaround when it comes to doing your job and helping the team grow and excel.
Pros: Pay is decent 
Co workers are cool

Cons: Not the best place for front end employees like AppleCare or retail. They get the short end of the stick in regards to pay and benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, wonderful culture, feels like family at the corporate level

Cons: Horrible management, Horrible upper management, no growth available, pay is Horrible.
Advice: Stop micromanaging your employees, 
Pros: Best Benefits you will ever find

Cons: Very micromanaged, managers assume negative intent, sick time accumulation is laughable, no more full time available… ever. Very hard to move up. Apple expects total loyalty and does not want anymore to work another job. If part time, you have to have a totally open schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is decent, benefits are decent (minus sick hour accumulation), most customers are chill.

Cons: The role can often be misunderstood by management, and other store functions due to being in a retail environment.

- By the end of the day, you are a retail employee. If the needs of the business within the store require help, the business team may be subject to pause their operation and assist in-store customers
- If you are in a low-volume store, you may be the only person working as a Business Pro on your team
- This position is not often offered to external candidates.
- The role can be performed autonomously, in a corporate setting, or even in a hybrid capacity but your work output is defined based on hours worked in the store. This means that slower velocity on the business team and a perceived lack of action (being on a phone or talking to a peer) could lead to disciplinary conversations depending on the management
- Leadership rotates to own different parts of the store for a few quarters. If a manager is assigned to a business team, the management style or knowledge of how to support them could change positively or negatively. This risk in management style could lead to inconsistent experiences for both employee and customer
- There is no incentive for good performance. You may contribute well to account growth, revenue, and retention but you will not be rewarded outside of your annual pay review which is also subject to the performance of the store (outside of your control)
- Perception is dangerous for a misunderstood team in a retail setting. This position requires you to be in front of a computer for the majority of your day and if you do not find something to do during a slowdown that shows some output of work like updating AppleCRM (apart from supporting the sales floor), you could be perceived as not working.
- Outside of Slack, you do not get to use industry-leading tools such as Salesforce. Apple likes to provide many in-house software or antiquated software (Webex).
- There is no developmental path related to the business team apart from the Account Manager position which requires relocation.
- Management often does not know how to develop people from the business team into other roles besides in-store positions which tend to pay less or a shift in career paths.
- Most importantly, the business team's success (client retention and revenue) ultimately depends on a good economy where businesses are buying. Your job security could be at risk if companies are negatively impacted by the economy and are not buying. This could also apply to all functions in the store.
Advice: If you are a manager rotating to support your store's business team. Please listen to your predecessor (manager rotating out) and spend some time learning about the team members before implementing drastic changes.
If you are a store leader, consider extending the rotation to allow management to get a full picture of the team, its customers, and the business trends. Work with your BDM, not against them, and find a balance of compromise for your team. 
If you manage the greater scheme of Apple Business, consider finding incentives that retain customers since loyalty pricing no longer exists. Reward your customers for loyalty rather than punish them with bad news during a downward economy. 
Pros: This alongside the Business Expert position are nice gateway roles to transition from retail sales into an account management, post-sales, and customer success career. 

- No sales quotas, just basic performance indexes (quarterly engagement, business team-specific goals typically YoY and quarter
- Depending on management, an easy means to develop soft skills such as over-the-phone communication, email etiquette, data analytics (interpreting results)
- Pay tends to be higher than some other areas of the store aside from management and leads
- There isn't often a push to cold call companies unless you're tasked to engage with churned customers
- If you are working from a high-performing store, you will have the luxury of a decent-sized team
- This role enables cross-collaborations with functions beyond the Apple Store (e.g., online sales, retail contact center, AppleCare, ABM, etc.) as well as third-party providers (Jamf, Fusion of Ideas, Phobia)
- Strong networking opportunity with business customers if solid rapport is built
- Depending on the store, scheduling tends to be more consistent than other roles

Cons: there are no downsides at all
Advice: None
Pros: you have to work there

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: A bit more humanistic and empathetic leadership to those new to the world of tech
Pros: Wonderful leadership and great culture

Cons: Special project , stability is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, flexible hours, free charging

Cons: Hard to move up the corporate ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, great people and discussions

Cons: Demanding workload and long hours: Apple is known for its fast-paced environment and high expectations. Be prepared for long hours, tight deadlines, and a pressure-cooker atmosphere.
Work-life balance: Due to the demanding nature of the work, achieving a healthy work-life balance can be challenging. It's essential to set boundaries and prioritize personal well-being to avoid burnout.
Competitive internal culture: While collaboration is encouraged, there can also be a strong sense of competition within teams and departments. This can be motivating but also lead to internal politics and pressure to outperform colleagues.
Limited upward mobility: Apple has a flat hierarchy, making it more challenging to climb the corporate ladder compared to some other tech companies. Promotions can be infrequent, and advancement may require lateral moves to different teams.
Bureaucracy and rigidity: Apple's large size and emphasis on secrecy can lead to bureaucratic processes and slow decision-making. This can be frustrating for those who prefer a more agile and flexible work environment.
Advice: Focus on communication and leadership skills: Develop your ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences. Additionally, hone your leadership skills to motivate and guide your team towards achieving shared goals.
Build strong relationships: Networking and establishing connections within the company are crucial for career advancement. Actively participate in cross-functional initiatives and build rapport with colleagues in different departments.
Prioritize your well-being: Set clear boundaries and ensure you have sufficient time for rest and personal pursuits. Don't hesitate to utilize the company's resources for mental and physical health support.
Be adaptable and proactive: Be prepared to learn new skills and adapt to changing priorities. Proactively seek opportunities to take on new challenges and demonstrate your potential for growth.
Manage expectations and set goals: Understand the long-term career path at Apple and set realistic goals for your advancement. This will help you navigate the internal landscape and manage your expectations for professional growth.
Pros: Cutting-edge projects: Apple is at the forefront of AI and ML, working on ambitious projects that push the boundaries of the field. Being involved in these projects can be incredibly rewarding and lead to groundbreaking contributions.
Talented colleagues: You'll be surrounded by some of the brightest minds in tech, offering opportunities for collaboration and learning from the best. This can significantly accelerate your own growth and expertise.
Excellent perks and benefits: Apple is known for its generous benefits package, including competitive salaries, comprehensive healthcare, generous stock options, and discounts on Apple products.
Brand reputation and career growth: Working at a brand like Apple carries significant weight on your resume and opens doors to future career opportunities. The experience and skills gained can be invaluable for further advancement.
Positive work environment: Apple generally fosters a collaborative and supportive culture, with a focus on innovation and creativity. This can make work feel more engaging and fulfilling.

Cons: Strong company culture that might not work for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Working on first-in-class products loved world wide

Cons: Micro management. They will fire you based off tardies.
Advice: Stop telling workers that numbers don’t matter when a couple weeks later you tell us they do
Pros: Meeting new people. Coworkers are cool. Also hours aren’t too bad

Cons: Long working hours. Unclear growth path.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with talented people. Lots of opportunity to learn.

Cons: review of the compayn here
Advice: None
Pros: revie of the company here

Cons: Its a bit stressfull at beginning
Advice: None
Pros: benefits
salary
work life balance
corporate identity

Cons: Pay and work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Working with Apple devices and helping customers

Cons: Could be very repetitive not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Easy gig, pays a decent amount

Cons: Promotions can get tough, I hated that I had to constantly interview for new positions, when I was out preforming some of the other people I was interviewing against. I would get passed up for a promotion, simply because I didn't interview as well. This makes it hard for people who tend to be more nervous. Also the scheduling, it's a retail job, so what do you expect. Just plan your vacations in advance and make sure they get approved.
Advice: Passing on people for promotions simply because they didn't interview as strongly as their competitors can be really hard. I would suggest provide more coaching for those who struggle with interviewing in order to set them up for success!
Pros: Very diverse work place, probably one of the best of any retail place i've ever worked. Pay is fair and raises happen annually and could go up by almost a dollar a year, if you're preforming very well in your job. I enjoyed my time there and I really saw several various opportunities even at the retail level. Also, providing benefits for part time employees was a huge plus. Not many retail places do that.

Cons: Work on weekends was an adjustment
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: No work life balance. No room to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was ok and part time employees got good benefits.

Cons: Positions open op sparingly throughout as seasons change, competitive, numbers driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, push for growth, lots of opportunities, secure.

Cons: Making iPhones and iPads over and over
Advice: None
Pros: Good for work and life

Cons: work can sometimes get repetitive
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, nice coworkers

Cons: Too many work hours, need better life quality
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay compared to peers

Cons: retail scheduling, no Monday-friday unless you work for the business team
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Great Vacation time

Cons: there's a lot of work
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and friendly people

Cons: Got along with my managers, but found that advancement isn't as plentiful as presented imo. Customers can be rude and demanding. Don't expect support on that, you will have to deal with that yourself.
Advice: Quit treating your subordinates like they are morons. Reward the good workers, not the brown nosers.
Pros: Pay was pretty good, and the healthcare was good as well.

Cons: can't actually think of a con
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance and diversity

Cons: Shift schedules are based in bidding/metrics
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and culture.

Cons: Better with benfit and harder workload
Advice: None
Pros: Execellence team members and colloboration

Cons: poor documentation
heavy meetings and verbal communcations
Advice: None
Pros: friendly job environment &amp; fast paced

Cons: long hours, days &amp; weekends
Advice: None
Pros: oppurtunity for growth within the company

Cons: alot of work load sometime
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of learning, exposure and growth opportunities.

Cons: If you’re not a good fit culturally it’s pretty hard to advance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, paid time off

Cons: Lack of leadership, conflicting priorities prevented innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to move around and learn other functions.

Cons: None, good place to work in
Advice: None
Pros: People and Culture; Transparency at work

Cons: No promotions for remote workers.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is unmatched compared to other local companies.

Cons: Very low pay and often adding more work to your role.
Micromanagement and toxic environment.
It’s very difficult to move on or up from where you are. Roles that open already have a preferred candidate and they make it really difficult to move from one role to another regardless of experience and education if you’re not already in that group.
Advice: Stop micro managing and focus on helping people develop their skills.
Pros: Benefits such as stock however they are deposited into your account as RSU

Cons: If you work from home, your pay will lower if you move to a less than superb market area for the company. You do sign an agreement for this, but it is an evil ultimatum to agree to take a pay cut if you move. From experience moving somewhere more expensive does not mean your pay won’t suffer.
Advice: I think corporate management is, for the most part, fantastic!
Pros: Insurance available upon employment (at least when I started)
Amazing co workers 
Great management
Multiple corporate benefits like on site doctor, fitness center, dentist, massage therapist, etc
Yearly raises
Decent medical insurance 
Decent time off

Cons: extensive micromanagement that includes surprise quality control checks
Advice: Trust your employees more
Pros: Incredible benefits 
OK pay
Gorgeous campus

Cons: Lack of disciplinary actions
Slow interview process
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance
Employee benefits
Growth Opportunity
Diversity
Fast paced

Cons: Retail hours
Lack of respect from customers
Advice: None
Pros: Join like-minded people. Be at the cutting-edge of technology. Be a leader in customer service

Cons: Long hours of work and stressful at time
Advice: None
Pros: Mostly smart engineers to work with and work is mostly interesting

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Really good experience working here

Cons: No complaints we won every day
Advice: None
Pros: The best in da business

Cons: If you have greater aspirations and dreams, it gets easy to lose sight of them since the job is very good. I know many people who end up working there for 3, 5, and even 10 years, who had dreams of being an actor or lawyer but just got comfortable in the pay and benefits and couldn't just leave. It's like you get just enough to live so you have to keep working, but it's not enough to justify risking for something that might not even happen. Don't get me wrong, it's a great job, a lot of people stay because they are content and like it. And if you want to work at Apple and climb up the ranks it is possible and encouraged. However, if you think that you'll work here for a couple months as a pit stop on the road to your goal, be careful because it can suck you in. Every person and situation is different, but I've seen this same thing far too much, and I almost fell victim to it myself.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, and work environment.

Cons: Management would choose who they liked over who was fit for a promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers and reasonable pay

Cons: you need to be updated with latest in market
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome innovations which keep you on the foot always

Cons: None wish I could say anything
Advice: None
Pros: Okay great all good amazing

Cons: There is no time for life at at Apple, only work. If you enjoy what you do, and don't have obligations or passion outside of your work, this is the place for you. I do like what I do, but I have always thought that a person should work to live, not live to work.
Advice: Most people are happier and do better work when they have the time to enjoy life outside of and between work days. Most people are not cut out for Apple, so they are filtered out and do not stick around or even apply in the first place. However, even the driven, hardworking, intelligent, and committed people I work with would all flourish more with a better work-life balance. Yes, that would mean a higher cost for Apple, so I know it wont happen.
Pros: Other than the complete lack of a life in the balance, working for Apple is great. The pay, bonuses, benefits, and perks are awesome. The opportunities for career growth and personal growth are near infinite. You will be pushed to and beyond your limits regularly, you will grow as a person and in your skills, and you will do some very cool things at Apple-you just will also not have have the time to sleep, eat, do your laundry, take care of your cat/dog, see your family, or have a social life out side of the weekends.

Cons: not really any cons to speak of
Advice: None
Pros: it was a great experience

Cons: Leadership is a mess usually
Toxic mangers 
Very high expectations
Promotions are based of managers like you
Advice: Create more realistic approaches to meeting expectations and have a better promotional process 
Pros: Has amazing benefits for part and full time employees
Pay is market value

Cons: A pro and a con: hybrid work environment. I appreciate that it's hybrid and not full time in office, but wish it was a bit more flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Great people
Great management
Great culture

Cons: Sometimes gets a little bit too crowded and hectic
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment over all

Cons: Depending on your store, it can be heaven or hell. There’s a lot of toxic positivity and pettiness from management and leadership. Corporate doesn’t really care about the people. 
Advice: I had managers tell me that I catered too much to black people during my sessions I taught. I had managers tell me that positive intent isn’t needed for good feedback. I think you need to really just take time to align with what you actually preach company wide and store wide and not just make it up as you go
Pros: Great benefits, room to grow, Good community, culture at work is nice.

Cons: They only pay me when I work
Advice: Treat your snowflakes with care.
Pros: Don’t have to actually work

Cons: Tech isnt doing that great right now
Advice: None
Pros: i liked the flexibility and enjoyed it

Cons: Terrible organizational culture, terrible leadership in my sub-org. Not a "people" oriented organization, as an understatement. This is especially true for managers, and perhaps less so for hands on engineers. It's not only the work-life balance, which is not anywhere close to balanced, but also a disrespectful attitude towards employees, their work environment and personal lives, micromanagement, and super wild freestyle "planning", if you can call it planning, with project assignments or plans that are frequently reshuffled or extremely changed in no advance notice, and without stable visible med to long term planning (short term planning is very shaky as well). Tons of meetings is a norm, oversubscription too. Zero time to innovate, unless you're ready to do it on your weekend or at night. Unless the compensation is an extreme game changer for you, that justifies selling your soul to the organization, stay away. Again, that applies only to managerial roles and only to the department that I work for, don't know if that's the case for other roles and organizations in Apple as well. Judging from other reviews, it doesn't seem that different in other Apple organizations sadly.
Advice: Learn how to manage
Pros: Total compensation package, which is highly stock weighted, is very nice.

Cons: Nothing
Nothing
Nothinf
Nothinf
Nothing
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary good environment and team work

Cons: No Commission on sales of devices
Advice: None
Pros: Growing the community around you

Cons: •Every role at the retail level is being pushed more and more towards pushing sales focus.
•Work/Life balance is awful. 
•You will work every weekend.  
•Requesting time away has roughly the same odds of success as winning the Powerball jackpot. 
•Pay is mediocre for non-management roles.
Advice: None
Pros: •Great benefits.
•Average discounts that have many limitations

Cons: Hectic, sometimes not enough support
Advice: None
Pros: really nice place to work. awesome culture

Cons: Push to get advisors back on campus and less opportunities for at home advisors.
Advice: None
Pros: Great health and fitness benefits. 
Wellness access at the tip of your fingers.
RSU's grated based on performance.
Yearly raises based on performance and cost of living.
Great team environment.
Same day paid time off if available.

Cons: Tough hours. Not micromanaged but frequent performance reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, amazing people, nice office

Cons: Management will be a major con, depending on which location you are working at or who you're working with. Some managers are very easy-going. Some managers are micromanagers.
Advice: Avoid micromanaging and allow employees to feel comfortable and secure in their roles.
Pros: Flexibility with scheduling and the environment working with new people and the energy is always amazing with employees and customers.

Cons: Non stop, very active, tiring
Advice: None
Pros: great , experience , love it cool

Cons: Dealing with customers can be a fun experience but also a bad one. It’s how you can learn to handle is what’s important.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent communication between managers and employees. Great culture. Lots of career paths and resources to learn.

Cons: Everything is sooo listed out for you and you have to answer calls everyday for 8 hoursss. There's no downtime to recharge
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and people! Pay was relatively better than other folks in my industry

Cons: The hourly pay rate is lower than average.
Advice: With a more competitive pay rate, you'll be able to keep more valuable people.
Pros: The benefits at Apple are amazing. Dental benefits allow cleanings every 3 months. Also, co-pays are minimal.

Cons: It's an annoying culture to deal with, ymmv per store though
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is good for retail

Cons: - slow career advancement
- few perks
Advice: None
Pros: - agreeable working culture
- mostly competent colleagues
- good diversity

Cons: I put the asterisk nest to teammates because leadership is not your friend, feedback is a one way street and if you oppose theirs, you're a "Detractor" to the company. Corporate and HR will not assist in the majority of valid complaints.
Advice: Get back to helping people, not forcing services and sales to people who simply say... No
Pros: The benefits are good, the jobs are easy to pick up quickly, best on-boarding experience ever! I also loved the "Community" aspect that I felt with my teammates*

Cons: Not enough hours per week
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment and benefits

Cons: Retail hours 
Shifting schedules 
No work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Benefits
Coworkers 
That’s all

Cons: Immersed daily in customer experiences
Advice: Incorporate more feedback from the boots on the ground
Pros: Learn, grow, evolve however needed (personally or professionaly)

Cons: Crappy management with big egos.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company with good benefits

Cons: Flexibility with shifts can be a bit stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and perks for employees

Cons: Stressful at times especially during launch event.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly
Stocks
Executive visibility

Cons: There’s definitely a lot to learn, the mindset needs to be really about being open to learning and improving. (Not really a con)
Advice: None
Pros: We get great benefits, the culture is amazing, they take feedback very well and make sure everyone has the same opportunities to be heard, seen and grow not only professionally but personally as well. 
They really go above and beyond not only for customers but for employees as well.

Cons: Management doesn’t know what they’re doing Micromanaging Passive aggressiveness from management when you try to take time off If you try to take time off bc you’re unwell you get lectured even if you have sick time. Claims to be family culture but they have no empathy no compassion for its employees. In your contract you’re told you are not numbers based but all they talk about is selling extra stuff to customers and pushing services down their throats just like the carriers. And if they say no to buying a service we get in trouble
Advice: Practice what you preach. Learn to have empathy for your employees and if you say to assume positive intent with managements decisions do the same for your employees. Nobody feels comfortable talking to managers
Pros: Great benefits Stock options Pay Health care

Cons: intense work, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: top notch team, you learn from the best

Cons: Sometime you will need to work more than work day
Advice: None
Pros: Nice WLB and interesting target

Cons: Taking back to back calls with a good amount of unpleasant customers caused me a lot of anxiety.
Advice: None
Pros: The training for the job was good and extensive - you really never stopped being trained. Since I was in the college program I was on a team with people my age so the culture was fun and relaxed. My manager was amazing.

Cons: Weekend shifts. Long hours on feet.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple was a great company to work for. Great benefits, great culture. Good way to move into IT.

Cons: No grow expectation, lack of career development plan
Advice: Hiring people with profiles and expectations closer to what the position offers.
Pros: Stability, work-life balance, collaborative culture, smart teammates

Cons: Nah not really, really reaaaally
Advice: more money please
Pros: A lot of money, really

Cons: Poor work life balance, awful work hours and constant deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Good base, good stock refreshers.

Cons: It should be easier to transition to corporate if you want you should have the better chance to get a job in corporate if they are vacant. Many people come to Apple retail with hopes of going to corporate the sad truth is it is possible but also unlikely unless you spend at least 10+ year with the company
Advice: Growth is important !
Pros: Set schedule Monday -Friday (Apple business team)

Apple is the greatest American company maybe the greatest company period .

They take care of the employees ; they make sure you are heared. It’s tough to move up in the beginning but once you find your Rythm and direction it’s all about exhibiting a drive for results !

Cons: Solo across teams. Micro management.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation. Unlimited budget when justified.

Cons: Nothing much to share here
Advice: Not mich
Pros: Great place to work here

Cons: Work/life balance
Being treated like a resource, rather than a person
Your are always 2nd place at best
Advice: Train management and get into the 21st century!
Pros: The people are the reason Apple is what we see today.

Cons: Would love more remote days
Advice: None
Pros: I love working at Apple

Cons: Can't complain, it's all gold
Advice: None
Pros: Love the culture and energy

Cons: Customers can be difficult to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay
Training helps prepare you

Cons: lot of work for people
Advice: too much work for us
Pros: good benefit and clean place

Cons: Questionable management
High stress environment
Inflexible WFH requirements
Low Work/Life Balance
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits
Good friendly Coworkers

Cons: horrible hours, lack of leadership experience, toxic workplace environment, favoritism
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay okay job and location

Cons: Its apple, everything can be hectic
Advice: None
Pros: People are fun to work with

Cons: Micromanagement is at an all time high. No work life balance. If you are a parent, especially a single parent, forget it. They don’t care if your kids sick.. they don’t care if you need time off. Taking a leave of absence is an obstacle course to get. Working at Apple Retail should qualify you for being on a reality TV show because of the amount of drama you’ll encounter. It’s literally like being in highschool. The union busting tactics are shameful. You’ll be put in a position to not do things in the customers best interest and instead the companies best interest. It’s no longer about repairing relationships, it’s about hitting metrics so managers can get their giant bonuses at the end of the year.. all of which you won’t see a penny of. Your annual review will tell you consistently that you performed “at expectations”, you’ll never get “exceeded expectations” even if you were one of the highest performers. You won’t get promoted, especially in the Orlando market. They’d rather hire an external to take that role you’ve worked so hard to get. If you don’t answer your interview questions the way they want you to (in story format hitting “compentencies”) you’ll be passed over.
Advice: None
Pros: Your coworkers become family. Pizza parties during launch (lol)

Cons: Very big company with big company challenges
Advice: None
Pros: Great growth opportunities with amazing products

Cons: Hard to cross over to other opportunities
Advice: Great management 
Pros: Schedule and overall work flow

Cons: The leadership can be really inconsistent with its clarity on how they want things done. Also, the Ben when things are planned out, there are a lot of people that are just bribed out here and don’t really take the time to avoid simple mistakes.
Advice: Please follow through on action plans. Teams don’t like it when you talk the talk but don’t walk the walk.
Pros: Great pay and benefits, cool opportunities to try “experiences” for 6 months and learn new skills, great balance for part time cause you can’t really be bothered outside of work. The product discounts are nice and the pay is better than most food and retail pay in the city. You can really stay in your own lane at retail if you want to really unplug.

Cons: -annoying callers 
-alot of goals to meet for each call
Advice: None
Pros: -remote position 
-nice managers 
-good benefits

Cons: Not many, besides easy to get stuck working there
Advice: None 
Pros: Fun environment and great people to work with

Cons: Expect relatively longer work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Company offers lots of great benefits. Pay is good too. Many career paths

Cons: The work is sometimes boring
Advice: None
Pros: The people are helpful and collaborative

Cons: really busy during peak times
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and work-life balance

Cons: None are available right now
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: There aren't many particularly cons.
Advice: None
Pros: People are nice to work with.

Cons: Not much Cons, good company
Advice: None
Pros: Streamlined company, good and predictable

Cons: bad experience is alright too
Advice: None
Pros: good workplace experience that is it

Cons: too much work recently for me
Advice: None
Pros: good and suitable place to work

Cons: not very good not very fair not very frineldy
Advice: None
Pros: friendly, good pay safe happy fair

Cons: Slow response from HR. Got decision 6 weeks after interview
Advice: None
Pros: The employee there are nice.

Cons: bad prices and break very easy
Advice: None
Pros: phone is cool
phone has good camera

Cons: They don't provide lettuce in their canteen burger very very syad
Advice: Just let Microsoft win bruh u dead
Pros: Money bruh money it's monay

Cons: Management is not too gutsy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are pretty good and solid

Cons: You have to work many hours
Advice: None
Pros: the pay is very good

Cons: Boring and people are mean sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Fun and good discounts every year

Cons: Management not ran well from team aspect, peers act childlike
Advice: None
Pros: Pay. Benefits. Environment, culture, tech

Cons: Can be difficult to manage work load
Advice: None
Pros: No mass layoffs 
Good pay 
Cool projects

Cons: To selected in dealing with new client's
Advice: To be more involved
Pros: Very knowledgeable in their field

Cons: Work life balance lacks if that is what you are looking for
Advice: None
Pros: The culture and company values

Cons: Poor leadership, a cult like mentality cloaked in warm fuzzy feelings of being "family". Fake woke Feedback is not what it was 10 years ago, no concern for safety of employees and customers. Employee Relations is so slow to do anything. If you've been there more than 5 years you start to over stay your welcome, if you're over 10 years you start to turn into a husk of a human. Career experiences and growth opportunities have significantly decreased. When you do get an experience there is little to no chance of a job offer. You're used to do the work and tossed back to where you came from - low cost labor. Union busting ADA Accommodations are slow to be approved You're treated differently if you take any type of medical leave. It's sad to see what they say about others on leave and then when your time comes you know what they are likely saying about you. My close friend and coworker died by suicide. I always wonder if the last straw was a scheduling issue to take her disabled husband to a surgery. God writing this makes me wonder why I'm still here.
Advice: Better training.
Pros: The benefits are good, health insurance costs have gone up every year. EAP is nice to have when they've pushed you to a mental break down. Pay is great if you're a while male.

Cons: Pay sucks, management sucks, they function almost entirely out of negative reinforcement means, they have a culture where if you're not part of the "in crowd", you're miserable and eventually forced out. I did not believe a company could discriminate THAT BLATANTLY in todays world AND get away with it, with zero consequences and no ability for you to defend yourself.
Advice: People actually have feelings and lives outside of Apple. I understand "we are the face of the company", but we are also human beings with a life to live without worrying that we'll be waiting for a subway train and something we say to a friend or passerby will end up getting us fired. Something like, "I work for Apple", cause... Yea... Not supposed to let people know you work for the company.
Pros: You make friends, cause EVERYONE wants your discount.

Cons: culture, leadership, work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Experience in PM, Resume building

Cons: Management can micromanage at times, even when you're doing your job properly.
Advice: As long as employees are doing their job and are pleasant, micromanaging is not something we need to deal with.
Pros: Culture, Time off, Pay, Flexibility, Co-workers

Cons: Difficult to get competitive pay compared to other companies. Also difficult to grow upards.
Advice: None
Pros: Great, smart people who are fun to work with

Cons: Because Apple is constantly creating new products, software and features, training is nonstop. Sometimes it can be overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: At Apple there is room for growth and opportunities. Management is also very supportive and encourage employees to strive for more within the company. The company also provides an abundance of training and resources. Apple also offer excellent benefits.

Cons: Long hours and challenging projects
Advice: None
Pros: Nice perks and good treats

Cons: no complaints at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work and innovate

Cons: Retail job will experience customer issues
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits day to day task are quite entertaining

Cons: Immense focus on tenure for promotions
Lack of future direction
Advice: None
Pros: Ok work life balance, great day-to-day interactions with team, supportive manager

Cons: Quality of management varies, some managers are great some not so much. Experience can vary wildly depending on what team one lands on.
Advice: Empower the managers that are doing good.
Pros: Good pay, benefits.
Positive culture.

Cons: Management in stores can be hit or miss. The culture has gone down hill a bit the past few years with less ownership of creating an enjoyable employee experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company with great benefits even for part time employees. Health, dental, and vision coverage as well as fitness reimbursement and stock purchase plan.

Cons: I don't really have much. Customers can be tough and it was sad to not be offered a job at the end.
Advice: Management was exceptional.
Pros: I had a great time learning and growing at Apple Inc as a seasonal specialist. I highly recommend it.

Cons: Management and leadership are very cutthroat. Sometimes it seems like they are more interested in pantsing each other than actually getting things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of great people and teams, everyone is generally mature and professional, company values are hard to dislike.

Cons: retail work hours
not much career development in store
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay 
benefits for health and store discounts

Cons: This particular dept. had poor management and was treated like Apple’s step child.
Advice: Request support when needed. 
Pros: Really good perks and benefits

Cons: Make sure you don't get protoypes serial number wrong
Advice: None
Pros: You get to work with prototypes and test them
you learn a lot about mobile technologies 
You process post-test data using internal tools

Cons: No advanced which is why I resigned
Advice: None
Pros: The company is great. Great benefits

Cons: Environment is stressful, people are annoying
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good so is pay

Cons: Not a ton of mobility
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a good place to work

Cons: sometimes have high expectations on workers
Advice: None
Pros: everyone is friendly and helpful

Cons: Treated poorly by onshore workers, overworked
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, Pay was above average

Cons: it was very busy in the store
Advice: None
Pros: the job taught me alot

Cons: Repetitive, customer heavy, profit driven
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, inviting, curious, supportive, beneficial

Cons: Bad work life balance and chaos in decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoy the work and innovation

Cons: I didnt have any bad experiences
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, one of the best

Cons: Like with any other corporate retail place, you have to deal with adults who are disingenuous about everything because they have to listen to what corporate says. They don't really care about you, they care about their own agendas and pockets. You might get lucky and ride a wave to move forward, but that's if you're the "right person" for what they need in the moment, NOT what is the best overall. Lying store leaders. Kiss butt managers and leads who only care about, or are pressured to care about moving their careers forward. Get certified, become a genius, leave for a real job with fair pay and a real work life balance.
Advice: Stop micro managing? Honestly, it doesn't matter.... Money is the bottom line. Investors will always matter more than disposable retail employees. Advice for upper management will always fall on deaf ears.
Pros: Good benefits such as health care, matching 401K, stock options.

Cons: Scheduling
.
.
.
.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k
Health Insurance
Dental Insurance 
Pay
Tuition Reimbursement
Vacation time

Cons: No room for growth remotely.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits, job security, good culture.

Cons: Limited growth for remote positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great growth opportunity 
Work life balance

Cons: Lots of hours an a time committment
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of paid time off

Cons: One of the biggest challenges is inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Average salar, ideal for a small family

Cons: Management/Team structure. w w w
Advice: Don't micromanage the teams.
Pros: Pay + benefits. w w w

Cons: Sometimes hours are too long.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved to work in office, was able to be with great people.

Cons: Inconsistent schedule
Gender bias
Exploitative employee success metrics
Advice: When your employees tell you that there are major issues within the team be proactive and thorough when addressing them. Market Team 7 (specifically RP) tends to bandaid issues and shame the team members bringing the issues to your attention. The market regularly protects male predators- and I do mean predators, by transferring them to another store in the city. They have transferred managers who are openly racist/homophobic (use slurs) and who have openly groped female employees. The women in the business are responsible for the burden of continuing to work with these people and not offered accommodations. There have been mass resignations of tenured employees which is usually an indicator of something being amiss. Employee morale is not the issue- that transfers the root of the issue onto employee’s bad attitudes, it is leadership’s poor time management skills and communication skills amongst the leadership teams. The company itself is wonderful- the medical benefits are awesome, dental is phenomenal and vision is just okay. Pay is decent and better than other retail jobs. But the success of the employees and stores largely relies on the leadership team and there are major glaring issues within the Market that have been pointed out for the last three years- twice a year in the internal employee surveys abut have never been resolved.
Pros: Decent Pay
Co-workers are amazing
Benefits are very generous

Cons: Crappy management, fake people who back stab, work you like a dog because they have a lot of competition to get in, treat contractors like Indian slaves
Advice: Everything. You are just a horrible company. Il still buy the products but you guys suck. 
Pros: Good on resume, fast pace environment if you like that

Cons: i don't like the fact that everything is a meeting
Advice: More focus on the iphone please
Pros: Nice people and nice food

Cons: It was a little overwhelming to jump right into such a huge company.
Advice: None
Pros: It had some great perks-food bars, nice work environment and very nice group of people to work with.

Cons: Didn't realize I wrote all of the pros/cons under Pro's*
Advice: Listen to your team and stop cutting peoples throat to help you look better. I've seen them from a NUMBER-- and I mean a NUMBER of Team Managers. (TM's).
Pros: I worked for AppleCare for 5 years. I cant' speak to the onboarding process or interview questions as that has significantly changed over the years. What I will say is that Apple does invest a lot into making you be successful and it's rare that I see people leave unless they are completely getting out of the industry or decide to go back to school full-time. The benefits are great (both medical, etc + the EPP discount (product discount). Management does seem like they are trying to be the next best thing (Area manager, business manager, etc), and will turn metrics into making it seem like you are underachieving as opposed to the rest of the team/org. You get something right (avg. handle time, after call work, etc) and then some other KPI starts to fall. They are quick to stick you on an action plan to correct "such behaviors". I was not fired but left because of so many changes to management and I really felt like there was a loss of the customer appeasement Apple use to hold so dearly too. I'd recommend the job/career but don't expect it to be your end all be all.

Cons: Balance of scheduling the team
Advice: Get back on the front lines every now and then  so you know what your staff goes through on a daily basis 
Pros: Great experience, thankful for the opportunity

Cons: apple does not have a food court
Advice: None
Pros: apple customers are the best

Cons: Fast-paced and there also some days that were long.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice environment with decent pay.

Cons: The large customer base can be quite stressful at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is an excellent place to work, the dynamic work environment allows for a wide skill set to be developed and managers will act as a coach and mentor to further hone in on those skills through frequent check-ins and robust goal setting.

Cons: Not great role definition for job.
Advice: None
Pros: Good job with kind manager

Cons: As a person of color there is little opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great stocks program

Cons: Customers can be crazy. Resources aren't always available
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, learn lots of tech and sales skills

Cons: - rely on engineer's own "networking" sometimes to get job done
Advice: None
Pros: - relatively stable work environment, no layoffs

Cons: - occasional leadership direction unclear
Advice: None
Pros: - work life balance
- scope and ability to impact
- "ceiling" of responsibility

Cons: The culture has really changed over the last few years and Steve would jump out of his grave and kick people in the butt for the way the culture has changed. Cliche groups are common, if you are not part of the cliche you are not going to last.
Advice: Stop hiring friends of friends, and stick to what worked diversity. 
Pros: lots of holidays and decent pay

Cons: Lots of direction changes. Some people were a bit abrasive.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team. Great leadership. Performance is rewarded.

Cons: Long hours on your feet
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Few balance for personal and professional life
Advice: None
Pros: All pros, environment and tech amazing

Cons: You will need to be proactive in getting more hours. Apple Retail tends to hire a lot of people to ensure coverage throughout the day.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people to work and network with. Every person has a unique perspective and story to tell. 

Compensation and benefits far outweigh anything else in the retail space.

Cons: Felt silo'd into one role
Advice: None
Pros: Good for Steady Career Development
Good benefits
OK pay relatively

Cons: nothing that I can think about
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome place, good perks, lots to learn

Cons: The part-time hours were sometimes too low.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. A lot of room to grow.

Cons: At the end of the day you are working retail, great transitional job
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture, room for growth if you put the work in

Cons: -Busy Learning curve
-Hard Workplace
-Fast pace
-Slow pace sometimes
-Angry customers
Advice: None
Pros: -Good for other jobs
-Easy to do
-healthy work life
-Nice employer
-Nice teammates

Cons: Your experience here will vary, to an incredible degree, from team to team. The company often demands a lot from each team. Some teams are stretched so thin that you will find that doing your job requires navigating their bottlenecks. If you're not the type of person that enjoys nitty gritty "perfectionist" type of work, you will not have a good time. Apple is intent on making sure even the smallest issues goes unnoticed. There are occasionally extremely smart but extremely rude/combative people, and to succeed you either have to be one of them or tiptoe around them.
Advice: None
Pros: Your experience will vary a lot depending on the team, but so far I've had the pleasure of working with incredibly talented people. Many of the people seems to be highly motivated and driven and isn't in the company just to collect the paycheck. If you're the kind of person that enjoys meticulousness and perfection, the company rewards that kind of attention to detail. There's relatively little large scale drama going on. Your soft skills will be tested and you will learn a lot.

Cons: Some policies are a bit strict. The worst can be time and attendance. It is literally better to call out if you are going to be late. Being even 1 minute late is as bad as a no show.
Advice: None
Pros: The people you work with will most likely be spectacular. Apple specifically finds people who are passionate, and charismatic

Cons: Bad time with some of coworkers.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and the people are good

Cons: Could never get time off without putting up a fight for it. Not enough employees to handle the amount of foot traffic in the store. Customers are constantly angry due to their appointment times not being honored. Mentally exhausting. Currently a big chunk of our team are on leave. Management doesn't even know how the store runs. They ask the team how to do things all the time. Very culty vibe.
Advice: Stop putting a little bandaid on all of the problems we have in the store. Come up with real solutions and listen to the people who do the work in the store. Stop hanging out in the back chatting it up and maybe actually help your team out.
Pros: Good benefits and awesome non-leadership coworkers

Cons: pressure to deliver results ! !
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work !

Cons: Retail environment
Lack of progression
Lack of Full time
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Benefits
Discounts
PTO RTO Parental Leave
Easy

Cons: Experience depends on leadership. It’s a simple as that. Very fast paced environment. Not a con but something you should be aware of. Network like you life depends on it because at Apple it does.
Advice: None
Pros: Great job, great pay, and benefits.

Cons: I didn't have a bad experience personally.
Advice: None
Pros: Managers curated a well-rounded team environment.

Cons: The entire experience can be ruined if management do not adhere to the ACTUAL culture that Apple tries to instill in it's stores.
Advice: Actually follow the culture of Apple, as outlined in THE ORIENTATION AND TRAINING.
Pros: Fun, exciting, and lively place to work

Cons: Work life balance is hard to maintain
Advice: None
Pros: Great people
Benefits are nice

Cons: no rest, stands all the time
Advice: None
Pros: time valuable, discount friendly, friendsly evevironment

Cons: Limited PTO, stressed out people
Advice: None
Pros: Individual contributions, salary is competitive

Cons: Not a great mentorship opportunity here
Advice: None
Pros: Really great job highly recommened

Cons: Heavily focused on selling insurance.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, decent pay, amazing benefits, great people

Cons: Hard to move up. micromanaging
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, people were cool

Cons: the pay is not that great.
Advice: None
Pros: working at apple is ok ok.it gets busy but its ok

Cons: Some years can be a struggle
Advice: Every year overall compensation is not consistent
Pros: They give good stacks based on performance.

Cons: At the end of the day, Apple is a massive company and very competitive. Leadership for the most part is great but you’re also one out of thousands and your feedback is not going to get as much attention and won’t have as much weight as when you’re in a small company.
Advice: More growth and development opportunities especially for outside of the US. Also some language courses for any country with an HQ would be phenomenal.
Pros: First time working somewhere where it feels like Apple wants to push me forward. I don’t feel held back at all. If you want it and are willing to work for it, you’ll get there and with great pay too!

Cons: Angry customers
Micro managing 
Promotion rate low
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Stock
Discount
Phone chargers 
Co-workers

Cons: Things have changed so much in my 5+ years working at Apple. The focus has moved from its employees to how can we be more profitable (which isn't surprising given its Market share). The problem with this is that Apple culture CANNOT live and grow when that is now your new goal. - You do well you get no recognition of it and have to take on more work with no pay raise - Little to no accountability for team members who are slacking. Instead we see them get promoted for no reason -Leadership really makes or breaks the culture. Overall Apple's culture is incredible but add one bad leader into the mix it all comes down. - A lot of attrition in entry-level roles -Pay does not keep up with market rates but they are at least trying to
Advice: - Stop with the favoritism - Go back to being human with the team and not look at people as numbers and dollar signs.
Pros: - Some of the best people I've ever met. Everyone is so helpful, smart, and resourceful. - Benefits are UNMATCHED - Training and Development opportunities are everywhere - I've learned and developed so much since I started - Be a part of such an incredible company

Cons: Zero cons. I enjoyed the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and work environment

Cons: Not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good for students looking for part time

Cons: Hours are not very flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great friends, great energy, lots of laughs

Cons: Technical isolation between teams
culture is not very cool
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB
clear direction of the company and team

Cons: Unrealistic expectations
Discount isn’t the best
Caffe isn’t subsidized at all by Apple (while other companies get free food)
Advice: Pay a better wage in line with cost of living
Quit hounding AppleCare non-exempt employees over bathroom breaks
Get rid of Farrel. The employee experience is SUBSTANTIALLY worse under Farrel in comparison to the previous AppleCare (non-interim) president.
Pros: Work is valued and largely impactful
Benefits

Cons: Too much standing and walking
Advice: None
Pros: Fun Easy good pay good team

Cons: constant updates to software and products
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work for sales

Cons: Burnt out employees and lack of staff
Advice: None
Pros: Okay discount, fun with coworkers

Cons: launch days, management, corporation, must stay 3 years to recieve stocks
Advice: None
Pros: Tuition reimbursement, gym reimbursement, stocks

Cons: No growth opportunities, micro managing, horrible work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good, benefits are great

Cons: The pay is not the highest
Advice: None
Pros: No complaints. Do your job and go home guilty freee

Cons: It can be hard to sign off as people may message at anytime
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone strives to do the best work and keeps you motivated

Cons: Dealing with ambiguity is used as a crutch for poor planning and leadership throwing spaghetti on the wall to see what sticks.
Advice: Development of talent is lacking. The Austin campus has become a factory of great talent for competitors. The people are the soul of Apple. That soul is becoming pale and hollow due to the many glass ceilings.
Pros: The culture and people working are fantastic. Best support and openness I have ever experienced. Most protocols make sense. Even under performers become productive because of the nurturing mind share. There is freedom to express thoughts, recover from blunders, and explore good ideas with competent team mates.

Cons: While Apple is widely regarded as a prestigious and innovative company to work for, like any workplace, it may have its downsides. From my experience, here are some potential challenges of working at Apple:

1. **High Expectations:**
 - Apple sets exceptionally high standards for its employees. The expectation for excellence can be stressful and may lead to a demanding work environment.

2. **Intense Workload:**
 - Due to the fast-paced nature of the tech industry and Apple's commitment to innovation, employees might face a heavy workload and tight deadlines.

3. **Secrecy and Confidentiality:**
 - Apple is known for its secrecy regarding product development. While this contributes to the element of surprise, it may limit the information employees have about the company's overall direction.

4. **Limited Autonomy:**
 - The focus on a unified design and product strategy may limit individual autonomy, especially in decision-making processes where conformity to Apple's design principles is crucial.

5. **Non-Negotiable Design Standards:**
 - While Apple's design standards contribute to its success, some employees might find it limiting to adhere strictly to these standards, especially if they have divergent creative ideas.

6. **Competitive Work Environment:**
 - The high caliber of Apple employees means that the workplace can be highly competitive. This might create pressure to continuously perform at a top level.

7. **Limited Flexibility:**
 - The company's commitment to its brand image and product consistency may limit flexibility in terms of adapting to individual work styles or adopting new technologies.

8. **Career Advancement Challenges:**
 - Given the talent pool and the flat organizational structure, career advancement might be competitive, and opportunities for promotions could be limited.

9. **Work-Life Balance:**
 - The fast-paced environment and high expectations may impact work-life balance for some employees, potentially leading to long working hours.

10. **Product Launch Stress:**
 - Employees involved in product development may face significant stress, especially around product launch periods, due to the critical reception and scrutiny that Apple products often receive.

It's essential to note that the work experience can vary widely depending on the specific role, team, and individual preferences. What might be a challenge for one person could be a positive aspect for another, depending on personal career goals and working style. It's always advisable to research and consider your priorities and preferences before deciding if a workplace like Apple aligns with your professional objectives.
Advice: I have observed instances where communication challenges and operational inefficiencies could be addressed to improve daily workflow as well as quality of life. There is an opportunity of improvement around enhancing communication channels and streamlining daily tasks. Many times poor communication or a lack of communication caused avoidable issues. Many of these issues fell on the lowest employee in the chain of events.

It would be beneficial for management to consider more proactive measures to address issues before they escalate to the point of involving HR. This might involve more regular check-ins, open forums for feedback, or specialized management tools to facilitate better communication and task management.
Pros: I had the distinct privilege of being part of the Apple Inc. team for a considerable period, and I wanted to share my reflections on this extraordinary journey from an employee's perspective.

**Innovative Culture:**
Apple's commitment to innovation is not just a slogan but a daily reality. The work environment is permeated with a spirit of creativity that encourages employees to think differently and push the boundaries of what's possible. The emphasis on groundbreaking products and solutions is palpable, creating an atmosphere that inspires excellence.

**Passionate and Talented Teams:**
One of the standout features of Apple is the caliber of its workforce. Working alongside passionate and talented individuals was not only motivating but also created a collaborative atmosphere that fostered the exchange of ideas. The diversity of thought and expertise within teams is a testament to Apple's commitment to assembling the best talent.

**Commitment to Excellence:**
Excellence is not an option; it's the expectation. Apple sets incredibly high standards for its employees, challenging them to deliver their best work. This commitment to excellence is visible in every aspect of the company, from product design to customer service. It creates an environment where continuous improvement is not just encouraged but ingrained in the company culture.

**Focus on Customer Experience:**
At Apple, the customer is at the heart of everything. The relentless pursuit of providing an exceptional customer experience is evident in the meticulous design of products and the dedication of customer support teams. The emphasis on understanding and meeting customer needs is a driving force behind the company's success.

**Dynamic and Fast-Paced Environment:**
Apple operates in a dynamic and fast-paced industry, and this energy permeates the workplace. The speed at which projects move forward can be both exhilarating and challenging. It demands adaptability and a proactive mindset, making each day unique and filled with opportunities for growth.

**Employee Well-being:**
Apple places a significant emphasis on the well-being of its employees. From comprehensive health benefits to initiatives promoting work-life balance, the company demonstrates a genuine concern for the welfare of its staff. This commitment fosters a positive work environment and contributes to the overall job satisfaction of employees.

**Global Impact:**
Being part of a company that has a global impact is incredibly fulfilling. Apple's products touch the lives of people around the world, and knowing that your work contributes to this impact adds a sense of purpose to your daily tasks. The scale of Apple's influence on technology and culture is both humbling and invigorating.

**Room for Growth and Development:**
Apple recognizes the importance of investing in its employees. The company provides ample opportunities for professional growth and development, whether through training programs, mentorship initiatives, or exposure to diverse projects. The focus on continuous learning ensures that employees stay at the forefront of their respective fields.

In conclusion, my time at Apple was more than just a period of employment; it was an enriching experience that shaped my professional journey. The company's commitment to innovation, excellence, and its people creates a unique workplace environment that is both challenging and rewarding. I carry forward the lessons learned and the inspiration gained during my tenure at Apple with immense gratitude.

Cons: It was a long commute for me
Advice: None
Pros: I loved the culture there

Cons: Prepare to sacrifice work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Talented workers, very critical in solving problems

Cons: - rigidity of leadership
- strict policies
Advice: None
Pros: - pace
- benefits
- working environment
- cool work

Cons: Nothing
Maybe management but it depends in store
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work like balance
Nice environement 
Good leadership

Cons: Fluctuation of peak and low seasons in business.
Advice: None
Pros: Positive work environment, a lot of diversity.

Cons: Work-life balance, demands 6 days availability for full-time retail workers.
Advice: None
Pros: This is the best corporate company I ever worked for. Great benefits, decent pay, and amazing company culture with a strong emphasis on inclusiveness and diversity, and supportive leaders who genuinely care about their employees. The company provides career development programs and learning benefits to expand my skills and knowledge outside of my role.

Cons: Customers expectations, Management's knowledge of how to handle staff, Lack of being able to move up in company.
Advice: Hiring from within 
Pros: Good benefits and and hourly rate for retail.

Cons: part-time minimum hours is 20 per week (I have a full-time job)
reliant on customer surveys
Advice: None
Pros: -vacation/sick time as a part-timer
-discounts
- managers actually care about your growth

Cons: Hours, management, scheduling, location, busy
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, discount, stocks, culture

Cons: More transparency would be nice
Advice: None
Pros: It's a great place to work

Cons: Too many customers in the day to day
Advice: Work with employees more
Pros: Good company over all it seem

Cons: not as many benefits or as much pay as other big tech
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture in the office

Cons: We had to juggle multiple projects at a time. Weekends were often sacrificed.
Advice: Schedule slipped because we were not on site enough in the factories.
Pros: People respect the company for the most part. I felt good about myself when I worked there.it set me up for multiple next steps.

Cons: low compensation, lack of trainning on the job
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment and job stability

Cons: Pay could have been better.
Advice: Care about employees more.
Pros: Good benefits and stock options.

Cons: very fast paced.
interesting parameters for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: great environment.
people are amazing.
scheduling can be flexible if planned ahead.

Cons: Toxic Environment in AIML - Dataplatform 
Rude, Arrogant people
Politics
Indians and chinese taking over
Leadership sucks - they need training
No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Stock offering is good
Some smart people

Cons: Work can be daunting on small teams within the store without additional coverage. Company does not take into account vacation time for goals in certain roles
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is listening and seems to want to fix things.

Cons: Retail is still retail. Culture has shifted away from the “magic” feeling to more of a generic retail store vibe.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, incredible technical learning

Cons: Recruiter is tough to negotiate with
Advice: None
Pros: Just starting. Excited to work here

Cons: Difficult to move around, competitive and difficult to navigate biases for movement.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
ESPP, RSUs, EPP, 401k, HSA

Cons: Treated like a number sometimes, favoritism
Advice: Take bullying seriously
Pros: Great pay, benefits, stock options, etc

Cons: No particular cons for the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit, safe working environment

Cons: lots of red tape to get anything changed
Advice: None
Pros: postive inclusive environment, good manager

Cons: very busy job all the time
Advice: good job.
Pros: good for career growth and learning

Cons: The focus on "our people" has waned considerably over the last 5-6 years. Business focus used to be on the customer and employee experience, first and foremost, but these days, the micromanaging and excessive and aggressive push on numbers makes the job feel like a commission-based sales gig, which is the complete opposite of what it's supposed to be. They say that we must always "assume positive intent" with all interactions, but it really doesn't happen much anymore, especially between managers and employees. Also, the health insurance isn't as fantastic as they make it out to be. It's good, but not great, especially with regard to medication coverage/allowances.
Advice: Get back to basics and return to a people-focused platform. Nobody likes being micromanaged, especially when managers' primary function on the sales floor is exclusively "training," rather than helping the team or dealing with customer service issues. You lose a massive amount of respect from your employees when the highest-paid individuals in the store do the least amount of physical work, especially in an environment that, these days, typically assumes negative intent.
Pros: Most of the benefits are fantastic, and depending on the location, it can be a very stress-free environment. The company's credo and ethos are both ideal and inspiring.

Cons: The world's most profitable company has employees who live in their car or have to forgo dinner to pay rent. It's overall mind-blowing that the team gets paid so little in comparison to what corporate employees make.
Advice: Be you. Be open. Be humble. Be ready for feedback. You get what you give. At the end of the day, it's a retail job.
Pros: Great values for the environment, inclusion and diversity, and doing what's right. Fun, flexible, and generally easy job for great pay.

Cons: Micromanaging, favoritism, managers will bleed you dry no matter how much you beg for time off. You get points off for calling in sick.
Advice: None
Pros: Your co-workers and the customers

Cons: Office politics, You may feel stuck in your career.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible environment, a lot of home grown tools to work on.

Cons: Too many mangers and movement between leaders, no option to connect for development
Advice: None
Pros: Great teammates as well benifits

Cons: Management style, understaffing, Can be better in communication
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, networking, Opportunities, learning environment

Cons: Compensation could be better hourly
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere and great work environment

Cons: no cons as of now
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work and team

Cons: pay scale low no raises
Advice: incentives
Pros: Nice people but no pay

Cons: A new platform, the best vision, the way to the future
Advice: Apple is the best company, it has a secure system, it is difficult to manage, I like to deal with difficulties
Pros: The best way to manage new technologies

Cons: so you may have more than one boss to answer to
Advice: None
Pros: would recommend working at Apple to a friend

Cons: Very long hours with little work/life balance,
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, status and the culture.

Cons: High expectations that are stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources for help.

Cons: Work can drain at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and managerial support

Cons: I Have no cons to add
Advice: None
Pros: GReat Working environment and company who cares

Cons: too much privacy can't share anything with others
Advice: None
Pros: stable and quiet office environment

Cons: Work under pressure but it really worth it
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment with more learning opportunities

Cons: No much room to advance for customer service
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for

Cons: Rude customers, talking on the phone, rigid schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Good job, good company, job security

Cons: Not much growth potential. Very slow and boring.
Advice: More rewards for good behavior/punishment for bad. It seems like everyone is on a track regardless of personal performance.
Pros: Very stable and secure. Not too much work if you don’t volunteer

Cons: - not always room to grow
Advice: None
Pros: - great for sudents
- great pay
- amazing environment 
- amazing training

Cons: Management is out of touch with stakeholders
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are nice but it’s still retail. Don’t let them fool you

Cons: Nothing, i really liked apple
Advice: None
Pros: Loved it, the best time of my life.

Cons: Some people talk about burnout, but it's not real, it's just an illusion forged by how busy the company is combined with normal work stress. Don't let your brain fool you!
Advice: It's a great company that has endured the tests of time.
Pros: It's Apple, it's super fun to work there.

Cons: It designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services
Advice: None
Pros: Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, in Silicon Valley.

Cons: work pressure is sometimes too much
Advice: None
Pros: sensitive work time and high pay

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: Great community, communication, and opportunities.

Cons: Senior management is only engaged via phone and electronic means, except in specific markets.
Advice: The role has changed significantly in recent years. Greater focus on travel schedule than results produced.
Pros: Apple as a company is great to work for. The benefits are great. My former organization has changed significantly, seemingly less focused and recognizing leading results.

Cons: 1. Lots of meetings and discussion.
2. Corporate politics.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. You can work on tasks that really matter to the world.
2. Teams are usually small and function-specific. Tasks and milestones are well defined.

Cons: No cons I recommend everyone to join
Advice: None
Pros: It was a great environment to be apart of. I loved working at apple very easy and laid back with friendly coworkers.

Cons: It's retail and the pay can be challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: As far as retail goes, you can't beat working at Apple. As a Creative Pro / Trainer, I had the opportunity to train customers and staff. Great learning and growing experience.

Cons: Working hours can take a toll, but in general great company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and enjoyed working with the team.

Cons: Sometimes some favoritism is shown among leadership. Can be challenging to get promotions if you aren’t favored by managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great energy in the store.

Cons: - Not enough chances to work on unique projects
Advice: None
Pros: - Great community
- Allows for freedom of interest
- Helps with career growth

Cons: Busy. No free lunch, no free gym.
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleague to work with. Have employee discounts for apple products.

Cons: They only care about the numbers
Advice: None
Pros: Continuing education in tech and sales

Cons: No paid maternity for part time
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is competitive. Takes care of people

Cons: Understaffed consistently, unrealistic expectations for appointments
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, okay pay, decent management

Cons: To big company to execute your potential
Advice: None
Pros: big company with a huge potential

Cons: Headstrong managers, lowkey scary customers
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced, benefits, people oriented, apple discounts

Cons: Chat support agents are on almost constant doubles or triples, differing from when first hired in mid 2010's where there would be 5-10 minutes before a second chat came in and often a few minutes between each chat if you finished quickly. The pace is overwhelmingly fast and demanding - there are no accomodation options that allow less than that number of incoming chats. If you cannot keep up with 3 chats +3 more possible if escalation is needed while researching each customers issue using multiple internal resource options and Google as well as keeping your case notes updated on a response timer of 60 seconds or so including internal help requests, you will need to find another place of employment as there are not other options.
Advice: Provide options for reduced volume or the option to set self away to avoid another incoming chat when dealing with difficult cases or as needed for disability reasons.
Pros: Benefits are great, most team managers are good, coworkers are great

Cons: Thank you for contributing to the community. Your opinion will help others make decisions about jobs and companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Thank you for doing your part to keep Glassdoor the most trusted place

Cons: Much be able to deal with ambiguity
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work. Being able to repair relationships and troubleshoot or repair devices for customers was the best role I ever had.

Cons: Insane hours because of time zone differences with vendors
Internal politics
Advice: More female representation in leadership
Pros: Amazingly smart and committed people
The best products
Great leadership

Cons: Personally no issues, but it is a large team with several managers which can make communication an issue sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: flexible good support system good benefits

Cons: Google has free snacks. Jelly
Advice: None
Pros: High Pay
Exciting Work
Lots of room for advancement.

Cons: Not paid enough for work being done.
Advice: None
Pros: Great health benefits and discounts

Cons: Apple will not allow you to work remotely due to the tax breaks it gets from cities for bringing workers into its offices. The RTO policy is reinforced by out of touch leadership who have private offices, executive assistants, and can afford to live close to the office and therefore can't understand what the fuss is about. Apple loves to pay lip service to its environmental values and work/life balance, but its RTO mandate serves neither.
Advice: "It doesn't make sense to hire smart people and tell them what to do; we hire smart people so they can tell us what to do." -Steve Jobs. Listen to the feedback from your employees who are fed up with RTO.
Pros: Smart, creative, and kind co-workers

Cons: very slow environment, not much to do.
Advice: None
Pros: its a good job and okay pay

Cons: Will only grow if you're politically savvy.
Advice: Be open and smile.
Pros: Depending on where you are placed, could be a great location with a great culture!

Cons: Underpaid overworked &amp; treated bad by customers
Advice: Try to treat employees better 
Pros: Get to work from home

Cons: Low pay for area or work and no career growth opportunity if not engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits from multi trillion dollars value company. Health, parental leave and discounts are great. Great work/life balance.

Cons: Work life balance wasn’t the best.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced environment, youthful and friendly team.

Cons: Really not that bad. Really good.
Advice: None
Pros: Really great wow so great wow

Cons: Too many meetings in a day
Advice: None
Pros: Good communication with other team

Cons: This role is considered customer-facing though there is limited contact with non-employees and most of the role is backend processing. The role requires that work is based on AppleCare Support Center rules for scheduling and overall time management ( AKA micromanaged and timed tasks). Growth opportunities are limited in number and how often they come up within the group. Getting outside of AppleCare roles is difficult and it comes across that we are looked down on as unskilled and not worthy.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are good, expectations are well documented, and the facilities in the office are awesome. With medical, fitness, and cafe facilities in Austin.

Cons: Constant change, a lot of red tape transparency from recruiting around bonus structure was completely inaccurate
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working, smart people and exciting projects that have real world value

Cons: Not much growth if you are not an expert in that particular field
Advice: None
Pros: If you are an expert the field you are working in, it’s terrific

Cons: Stressful work environment. Toxic Work environment. Workplace politics.
Advice: None
Pros: High Compensation. Good benefits. Interesting projects.

Cons: Charge backs and evolving man
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and good pay

Cons: Be prepared to be micromanaged for business intros and apple care, Management only cares if you got both and not the sale or positive customer experience. High chance of burning out being overworked to reach store's goals.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and benefits, could be better

Cons: The people who get hired who don’t put in the work and complain
Advice: Promote people internally and if you hire externally make sure they fit with the team… maybe include some people that’s not a manager within the interview.
Pros: The people you work with and the chemistry you build with them

Cons: Too many slides and reviews for Sr. Management
Advice: None
Pros: Smart and diligent people work towards the same goal

Cons: High stress loads, tight deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people, legendary pedigree, awesome impact

Cons: Boring work lack of energy and drive
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a solid company with no layoffs

Cons: A lot of information to learn.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay 
Take care of employees 
Everyone friendly 
Good benefits

Cons: Big company, feels lost in many employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay for starter job.

Cons: Tiring work and angry customers a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits but worked hard

Cons: The only way I could do that was if you wanted me too I could come and pick it out and then I can go pick up it from your place or
Advice: I’m gonna have some of the same ones that are coming up on my desk in my bedroom in a couple days I don’t have any other stuff in
Pros: I like the luxury version but the more I think of the better the watch looks I would rather not buy a new watch and not buy a replacement for

Cons: The whole companies ridiculous policies are just atrocious. You get no options to go anywhere in the company. The few “rotations” that at least used to come up are already decided upon before you even apply, so you’re probably not getting them. Need more money because the cost of living has skyrocketed? Sorry, best we can do is more call skills to handle. I’m fairly certain the positive reviews you do see on here are from nothing but muppets who have no opinion, and most likely didn’t even know how to do any troubleshooting when they left. 2/3 of the employees are just absolutely horrible tech agents who no matter how long they’re there, they still don’t understand how anything works. Sadly these are also the same people who get promoted to roles they have no business in like engineering. There’s a reason so many things in apple are always broken.
Advice: Whoever currently runs apple care is so out of touch with apple culture that all they’re doing is crashing it. Also there’s a huge lack of caring about the mental well being of employees.
Pros: Paychecks are ok, but for the things that they demand it’s definitely not enough.

Cons: lunch costed some money, but it evens out with free dinner
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and free dinner

Cons: Can be overwhelming during holiday season and promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Bright employees and collaborative environment

Cons: High Demand but manageable experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: Moving up usually requires relocation.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work-life balance.

Cons: A lot of politics
Management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Good Healthcare benefits

Cons: Nothing. wished there was free food i guess :)
Advice: None
Pros: Smart colleagues, caring leadership, excellent products

Cons: Too many secrets. Only can access to the limited amount of information
Advice: None
Pros: Provides good benefits. Awesome chances to work with smart colleagues.

Cons: - management
- hierarchical
- too much work sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: - remote work
- nice colleagues
- benefits

Cons: corporate Bureaucracy is pretty annoying
Advice: None
Pros: lunch, chefs, dessert, coffee bar

Cons: not too bad, culture good
Advice: None
Pros: excelledt pay, all good benefits

Cons: cultish
overwork
stressful
weird empoyees
secretive
Advice: NA
Pros: good culture
amazing vibes
fair pay

Cons: Strict about PTO, can’t arrive more than one minute late to work, hard to move up and increase pay
Advice: None
Pros: Pays off student loans, learn a lot about how to be a great employee, product discounts, great benefits

Cons: pay is not as competitive as other top firms
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance in a big tech company

Cons: Hardware focused and therefore a lot of software project get deprioritized.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance for new people.

Cons: Inconsistencies across departments in terms of managerial quality, processes and procedures.
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with talented and passionate people, great benefits at the company, lots of opportunity to grow your career.

Cons: Very hard to get time off
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and employee resources

Cons: Its apple. It's a big corporate monster
Advice: None
Pros: it's apple, sell what you love

Cons: Work/life balance ranges from nonexistent to seasonally ok

Very strongly focused on in-person attendance even when it’s unnecessary and/or exclusive of the (rare) remote employees
Advice: None
Pros: Global scale and impact. Code you write can reach billion(s) of people and you can make a huge impact

Cons: Hard to move up, especially for POC. Lack of diversity in management. Management also doesn’t always like to manage. Started with anti union busting.
Advice: None
Pros: 5k tuition reimbursement, semi flexible schedule, above average pay for retail.

Cons: - Long approvals, last minute changes - Leaders that some times do not acknowledge the team that worked on the project but instead take all the credit - For the most part, you'll need to figure out your own growth path
Advice: None
Pros: - Some of the smartest people you will work with - Depending on the team culture, you will feel that are you truly contributing to the greater good of helping others - Great and competitive benefits with tons of resources to help you navigate life - Depending on the project you are working on, you are able to meet various departments and grow new skill sets

Cons: Work life balance is sometimes tough, not always though
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture, A lot of awareness towards diversity &amp; inclusion, Great Products.

Cons: It smells bad on Fridays.
Advice: Be yourself!
Pros: I love it and the snacks are great!

Cons: Internal promotion was lacking and could have been better.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits were reasonable for a single person living in new york

Cons: same as any company out there. It's still a job.
Advice: None
Pros: Industry leader, safe, well respected

Cons: dont have much time for my self
Advice: None
Pros: good money and is really fun to work at

Cons: Politics within the workforce unfortunately
Advice: None
Pros: Descent company, rare for growth opportunities.

Cons: it's alright idk
commute from SF sucks
Advice: None
Pros: work here is pretty team dependent

Cons: Nothing really comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome coworkers, culture and benefits

Cons: No career development. Very small "post-grad" population, makes it difficult for people to take you seriously. Most people at Apple are Apple veterans, lack of diversity at the company.
Advice: Invest in career development. Invest in young people
Pros: Build exciting features. Work with really smart people.

Cons: Your internal career vertical movement is heavily depended on the managers liking you.
Advice: Help employees make movement up in company 
Pros: Great benefits and people to work with.

Cons: With a big company comes a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot at such a big company and pay was nice

Cons: Prolonged working time and sometimes need to go back to company
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and good working teams.

Cons: retail, raises don't equate to cost of living increase
Advice: None
Pros: Good, pay, good people, retail

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Highly innovative environment, and very exciting

Cons: It is a fun place
Advice: No there is nothing
Pros: Good place to work I guess

Cons: No such cons to be mentioned
Advice: None
Pros: Good Culture and work life balance

Cons: At times it get quite Chaotic
Advice: None
Pros: Focus on continuous progress and Innovation

Cons: Can’t really think of anything
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people all around the place

Cons: Travel a lot and no WLB
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and great team

Cons: golden handcuffs, work culture, people
Advice: None
Pros: cool projects, good comp, good benefits

Cons: Schedule flexibility
Long standing hours
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Benefits
Fun products to sell

Cons: average place to work at
Advice: None
Pros: super fun and easy to work

Cons: Dealing with any type of customer for 8 hours a day is always going to end up with you in a headache. Very, very, VERY difficult to get off of the phones unless you have background experience elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are amazing, pay is decent considering the average for similar roles/ industries.

Cons: Oppressive leadership, silent silos, little or no advancement, average pay
Advice: Unfortunately caught in the middle of empathetic and caustic supervision. Many business leaders have never worked in the marketplace as business professionals and don't have the affinity for business development as much as business processes.   This is frustrating for those with outside Apple experiences.
Pros: Amazing benefits, world class company, great systems, unique workflow processes

Cons: Compensation is a lot lower than ML manager
Advice: None
Pros: This is a fairly easy role and usually for analytics folks

Cons: Retail schedule can be tough on a family
Advice: None
Pros: company culture and room for growth

Cons: Long hours not a lot of pro
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay also great benefits

Cons: There is a lot of micromanagement involved.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Apple is very relaxed. If you make a mistake, it isn’t the end of the world.

Cons: Micro managed by upper management
Advice: Don't be accusatory to employees who are in the top of the field. 
Don't interrogate employees and remove them from rotations based on emails from ex spouses which could have been sent as retaliation. 
Pros: Working from home
Open door policy
Mentoring/Training opportunities

Cons: My cons depend on my current situation and the matter of the subject.
Advice: None
Pros: Disciplined, creative problem solver, utilitarian, organized, excel, keynote, PowerPoint, verbal and  writing skills, positive and profesional. 

Cons: limited upward growth from sales
Advice: more career advancement opportunities,
Pros: great people, competitive pay and benefits

Cons: Hours vary greatly and it is difficult to make a consistent paycheck
Advice: None
Pros: I gained a lot of valuable experience and was able to learn how to use Swift (programming/coding)

Cons: Overworked. Overused due to skills and was not given the opportunity to grow due to personal issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Great support by leadership. Good pay for it being retail.

Cons: - You may easily find yourself pigeonholed to something in hardware
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits and pay are above average
- WLB could be good depending on the role

Cons: Nothing all good, including life work balance
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good working environment and good salary

Cons: - at times stressful
- thats it, apple is a wonderful employer
Advice: Nope!
Pros: - flexible scheduling
- excellent pay
- great managers

Cons: Long hours, no promotions and slave labor
Advice: Be better at their jobs
Pros: Great pay and culture and team atmosphere

Cons: no major issues throughout the 12-year tenure
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusion and diversity, total compensation, employee benefits

Cons: Open schedule due to retail
Advice: None
Pros: Very close family connection
Healthy work/life balance
Competitive compensation

Cons: Working with customers in a call-center-esque setting can be overwhelming if you are not used to it
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, great team and management

Cons: Long hours, competitive practices at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits and company culture

Cons: not much to say on cons
Advice: None
Pros: good job no complaints to say

Cons: Can be repetitive. Lots of oversight.
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge legal issues and challeneges

Cons: None my experience wasn’t the best
Advice: None
Pros: None it was a decent experience

Cons: Hierarchical management structure. 2/3 reviews with management before work is completed
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work. Tight review schedules. Each week can be the same tasks repeated.

Cons: They’re becoming more strict over the years 
Advice: Employees are the most essential part of the business 
Pros: Great stock program for employees 

Cons: The company is too large and I felt just like a number.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great installations and the people are great and very tech savy.

Cons: Being inside all day and dealing with angry folks sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: The people, atmosphere, and the work

Cons: Hard to move into the corporate space
Advice: None
Pros: Stock options and employee buy in

Cons: Working with different people everyday
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are better than most corporate jobs

Cons: Retail business hours (nights, weekends, holidays). Highly micromanaged schedule. Poor work-life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: In house technical training. Good benefits including health, PTO, employee stock purchase plan, and discounts on products and services including a large network of third party discounts. Positive work culture.

Cons: Pay, time off, and standing for 10 hours
Advice: Train potential employees a bit better, and dedicate more time for coworkers
Pros: Teamwork and comfort. Awesome place to work

Cons: Not too much opportunities because of few products for many engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Exposed to cutting edge cellular technology

Cons: Kind of repetitive and you get pushy customers.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of customer service experience.

Cons: Development has been improving but it's impossible to get a corporate career experience, hard to get noticed by leadership
Advice: Give more opportunities to your highest potential employees, put them on advanced development plans and help them see a brighter future. Although turnover is lower vs other retailers, there are a lot of smart people who work there and get unnoticed. So we usually see the smartest ones leave to go on to work at other tech companies like Facebook, etc. with much better opportunities. And then we're left with the "leftover" employees who have no mobility and those are the ones who are unhappy more often and are not the high performers.
Pros: Managers care about you, but the hours can be tough when how busy it can get. Love the people I work with, they are all striving to better themselves.

Cons: can be clicky hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good benefits love people

Cons: -Stressful
-Very Numbers Driven
-Not good work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: -Stocks
-Discounts
-Pay for portion of schooling

Cons: You are working a retail job that’s disguised as more. You’re often treated as “replaceable”
Advice: See what the folks on the front lines have to deal with everyday 
Pros: Great benefits including parental leave, health/dental insurance, discounts and extra perks

Cons: benefits are mid compare to other big tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: some of the benefits are getting better, education is covered 5250$.

Cons: New Jersey commuting during rush hour.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and school benefits.

Cons: Retail job, customers can be difficult to deal with
Must be available on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: PTO as a part timer
Stock options
Diverse team
Fitness Reimbursement

Cons: documentation is not well organized
Advice: None
Pros: work time is flexibility, pay is not bad

Cons: a lot of work at apple
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, lots of money

Cons: compensation can be slightly lower than market
Advice: None
Pros: Organize, good benefits, good work life balance, good evaluation system

Cons: scheduling sucks. It is always blamed on the fact that its "retail," but every Apple Store is different.
Internal growth and pursuit of a leadership position is almost seemingly impossible. It seems that you either need to be an external hire, or know someone that's high up leadership (senior manager and up).
Advice: Promote from within.
Promote from within.
Promote from within.
Promote from within.
Promote from within.
Pros: Benefits, Pay is decent for my position, job security

Cons: Retail scheduling is better than other places but 5 days of availability/closing availability/and weekend availability are still mandatory. Promotion/hiring interview process favors story tellers over performance. Discourages discussion of wages among employees which suggests wage vs experience discrepancies, especially among team members who were hired at different locations and transferred.
Advice: None
Pros: *ESPP &amp; RSUs *Health/Vision/Dental/Mental Health benefits *PTO for full and part time employees (Vacation/family/Sick) *Education reimbursement *Fitness reimbursement *Free Apple services (music/arcade/fitness/Apple TV+) *Product discounts for yourself (25%) and friends and family (15%) renews yearly

Cons: more vacation sooner would be nice.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, culture, and products.

Cons: People
Busy
Busy
Busy
Busy
Advice: Talk to the people
Pros: People
Happy
Small Feels
Growing

Cons: management can be overbearing, hard to move up within the company, micromanagement
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, pto, flexible schedule, discount on products, good as a temporary job

Cons: Many responsabilities, less dynamic that startup work
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, overall good experience and team

Cons: Wish there were more projects available.
Advice: None
Pros: Provided plenty of time to complete project.
Pay above average.
Helpful feedback.
Hybrid WFH.

Cons: i dont have any negatives in mind
Advice: None
Pros: innovation at its peak, a lot of perks.

Cons: Besides the work load sometimes being a decent amount great place
Advice: None
Pros: one of thee worlds best tech companies and ha a great salary amazing people and one of the best places to work .

Cons: Leadership obsessed with keeping up appearances.
Advice: Too top heavy, become like IBM
Pros: The people you work with have high standards and great work ethic.

Cons: Apple uses corporate language to a religious extent to make you feel like your attending a church service or a team huddle. they rally you together and make you believe what you're all slaving away for is attainable if you work hard enough and follow the apple credo. They give false hope, they lie to you nicely, they conceal their motives. They do not follow through with promises. They have you work harder for less money under the pretenses of doing an "experience" for a job they wont ever promote you to in order to get free labor out of you.
Advice: Provide a clear path to promotion, have your leaders actually listen to people and drop the corporate mask to understand the department they oversee and for the love of god follow through.
Pros: When I started this job I was young without a degree and they offered me stability higher than average pay, insane benefits and cool toys. I met lots of similar people. Its like college but a job.

Cons: A lot of work to do.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and it is a huge name.

Cons: bad Perks tiny little food in caffe
Advice: None
Pros: Good RSU a lot of money

Cons: I honestly loved working there.
Advice: None
Pros: Team environment, benefits, culture, pay

Cons: People are numbers, they are disposable
Advice: None
Pros: Well known company, looks good on resume

Cons: - no expectation of work life balance
- mandatory early / late night meetings with short notice (calls with international vendors)
- unhappy middle management
Advice: None
Pros: - incredible coworkers
- super cool products + projects
- high level of autonomy in business decisions and negotiations

Cons: Gives you the high school vibes and you work with children
Advice: None
Pros: Cool and hip type of vibe

Cons: Customer service is challenging when customers are upset
Advice: None
Pros: Had great support from manager as a Technical Support Rep

Cons: poor work life balance low empathy for workers high stress heavily micro managed
Advice: Apple leaves too much control to store leaders whom recreate the credo how they see fit for there store. This leaves opportunities for diversity, empathy for workers, workload management ,poor compensation for work and the list continues. Apple currently faces struggles with unions because of this and store leaders push anti-union downloads(meetings) to the workers while exercising polices to push out legacy and tenured employees. Truly a sad thing to see happen to the brand while it hits new record highs for profit.
Pros: Healthcare dental 401k Off on Sundays discounts on entertainment

Cons: - Top down culture
- Limited visibility and exposure
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Pay
- Good WLB
- Smart people

Cons: Low key, there is no downsides.
Advice: nope.
Pros: Money Is the only reasons.

Cons: Benefit is normal. No free food
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for hardware engineering roles

Cons: The company is quite expensive in transport
The location of HQ is quite expensive in housing
Advice: Better transport incentives
Pros: They were very responsive to issues
Flexible hours

Cons: Company drama and hierarchical issues
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and Great Co-workers

Cons: - office is quite far away
Advice: None
Pros: - nice salary
- good ethics
- good colleagues

Cons: -tends to have too much drama
Advice: None
Pros: -good benefits and time off

Cons: many rounds of harsh interviews
Advice: None
Pros: easy to apply, good work environment

Cons: Busy days and constant rotation.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and great management

Cons: sometimes it's directionless
too much hiring/firing
Advice: None
Pros: Bright minded people to work with

Cons: hated working there - wrong culture
Advice: None
Pros: the money was good but

Cons: Limited mobility to move up in the company and difficult to transition to cooperate
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great benefits, there is stock options based on position and there are plenty of good people that work there

Cons: Task-based work, not much of ownership
Advice: None
Pros: Able to understand the customer order flow (Apple Store Online)

Cons: There was alot of people buying and make traffic heavy
Advice: None
Pros: Have alot of information about technology

Cons: little to no ability move up within the company... ie from retail to outside sales
Advice: Help your employees by providing a clear path for promotion from retail to corporate.
Pros: store coworkers and kureg coffee

Cons: Very siloed. No remote friendly but hybrid.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place for innovation. Great company culture.

Cons: Working with customers was the biggest con
Advice: None
Pros: Fun good people and good environment

Cons: Angry people coming in for support
Advice: None
Pros: Technology support in store support

Cons: - Management skill may vary
- Never compensated for going above and beyond
- Dealing with ambiguity at a dangerous level
- No room for growth depending on leadership
Advice: - Be transparent and stop creating a toxic work environment. 
- Stop playing favorites
- Take ownership of mistakes and actually fix them
- Employees are more than just numbers
Pros: - Easy Job
- Great benefits

Cons: Apple is a great company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: Love my time working at apple.

Cons: Bad management, work keeps increasing with no extra pay
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues, amazing benefits, good pay for retail

Cons: -Continuity - when accepting a roll make sure you're paying attention the job description details.
Advice: None
Pros: - Best benefits that I've every seen
- The most diverse company

Cons: - poor scheduling practices: lead to inflexibility and inequality of hours and times 

- poor management and leadership: led to petty store politics, cliques, and favoritism. Often did not feel supported by management, and resorted to working with heads of department or coworkers for problems that management could have handled easily. 

- pay and raises: incredibly frustrating pay system. Salary was based on a rigid formula of performance, position, cost of labor (not cost of living) in your area, and the salary you started with. There was no nuance or humanity or sensibility to the way employees were paid. It was all up to the pay formula equation. So for example, store transfers and new hires would frequently make 20%–40% more per hour than employees with the same job who had been working at the store for many years, because their starting salary was higher (whether from starting in a location with a higher cost of labor, or starting more recently after a minimum wage had increased). Managers and leaders seemed to have their hands tied when it came to fixing this.
Advice: None
Pros: - organized, structured, and corporatey: instruction manuals for literally every task, and clear order of operations for every single interaction you had. This made the job easy, if monotonous, for people who do well with structure, and frustratingly rigid for those who didn't enjoy structure/rules. 

- benefits were really what made it worthwhile to work there: great stock options, discounts on apple products, industry discounts on phone service plans

Cons: Super political and chaotic, lack of ability to move roles or teams across the company
Advice: None
Pros: Best part about working here is the pay, RSUs and the wellness centers

Cons: friendly environment to work at the company
Advice: None
Pros: Apple company has some good package

Cons: Lack of care with scheduling.
Advice: None
Pros: At the SoHo location, excellent people to work with! Terrific team building.

Cons: Ocassional overtime required during the week
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work at I loved it

Cons: - Stressful
- Strict protocols
Advice: None
Pros: - Fun environment
- Friendly employees

Cons: With the company 13 years and suddenly laid off without any notice it was coming
Advice: None
Pros: Discount is nice with additional funds every 2 years

Cons: Retail hours suck.
Can become very redundant.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay.
Meet lots of new people

Cons: low tc and low benefit
Advice: None
Pros: nice company with smart team

Cons: Lots of upset customers to have to deal with and lots of requires trainings to do
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, helpful management, good teamwork

Cons: they expect way too much from their people, especially the loyal employees, and they dont give good pay raises, or job advancement, its hard to get promotions
Advice: they should stop expecting their senior advisors to take on everything, they are the catch all be all for AppleCare
Pros: remote work is cool, and the benefits are good

Cons: Almost zero upward mobility or growth
Advice: None
Pros: Ambitious and okay stock options

Cons: Working in a high-volume setting. Unrealistic sales goals
Advice: None
Pros: Great work experience and interacting with good customers. Team building. Work skills

Cons: Working hours can be a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace and job is fun

Cons: - Very minimal growth opportunities - Management is a hit or miss - Slight favoritism - Very repetitive and boring work - Skills learned aren’t very transferable - Most people work a second job as pay isn’t great specially for living in San Diego
Advice: The majority of management were hired externally so they don’t understand the work the analysts do. They push you hard to meet certain metrics when realistically a human being cannot sit in front of a screen for 8 hours a day and submit over a thousand tasks a day. Since management has never done this work, I would suggest they have certain days out of the week where they too have to endure what the analysts go through on a daily basis. I also suggest that instead of management spending so much time and focus on engagement activities and team lunches, they should focus that energy on advocating for higher pay for the analysts.
Pros: - Low stress - No deadlines to meet - Great people to work with - Great Benefits - Stock options and discounts - Hybrid schedule

Cons: Colleagues make it worth a while.
Advice: None
Pros: Management - care more about numbers than the people

Cons: if they let you go, you lose your unvested stock that was part of your bonus from the APR.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is great.

Cons: Not considerate of your life in scheduling. Won't allow most people to be considered full time in order to evade benefits.
Advice: Schedule consistent work schedules.
Pros: Good job, good experience, good mindset &amp; feedback

Cons: Like college, the evenings are not your own
Advice: Leverage in-region teams to mitigate working across time zones
Pros: Work is like being in college again, you’re often surrounded by brightest minds committed to the job end product

Cons: Sometimes long hours, late nights working with manufacturers.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay, people were nice and offered relocation fee. Products were very cool to work on too.

Cons: I'm not an employee anymore
Advice: I don't have any suggestions because i don't care
Pros: The best experience in my life

Cons: Retail hours are inconsistent. The role is dependent on a bunch of different metrics
Advice: None
Pros: Good management with lots of benefits. Guidelines and rules that help employees from crazy customers

Cons: The salary could have been a bit better
Advice: None
Pros: Nice atmosphere, respect. Everyone was kind and understanding.

Cons: Politics; alot of LGBTQ coworkers get promoted before others
Advice: None
Pros: Vast amount of benefits and job opportunity

Cons: lack of movement in position
Advice: None
Pros: great values, great pay, great benefits

Cons: Long Work Hours, no free food.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a lot of money, therefore you can make really cool designs without the constraint of cost for prototyping.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing place to work so making smart mind.

Cons: Some team can work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure &amp; Opportunities are numerous

Cons: Managers don’t listen hard to mind uo
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are the best thing

Cons: Lots of required after hours work
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and place to work

Cons: Numbers are important at times
Advice: None
Pros: Team building is nice and you can ask questions if confused

Cons: low retention in leadership positions
Advice: None
Pros: competent and personable teammates who make work enjoyable, great benefits + espp, inclusive for lgbt folks

Cons: Culture shifted. 
Micromanaged.
Poor leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Health Benefits
Stock 
ESPP
Flexible Schedule

Cons: Management could be better. 
Loved to micromanage.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot had a lot of perks.

Cons: - Bad Vacation (starts at 12 days per year)
- Okay Benefits (but worse then Google, Meta, etc.)
- The culture is great for some people but terrible for others. Very political, and it can be hard to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: + The FTE people I have all met are all really smart, but working with contractors can be rough
+ Good comp
+ Great Executive Leadership

Cons: Crappy hours schedule was diffrent every week
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and great benefits

Cons: None that can come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Great Retail Job to work

Cons: Retail environment. Hour cuts after holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Great co workers. Flexible hours

Cons: no commissions at store but friendly staff
Advice: None
Pros: good hours and interact with customers

Cons: Not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly place to work, It is fun to be in the creative environment of Apple

Cons: I think the cons are how busy the store can get, customers, and setting proper expectations with them.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Apple is one of the greatest things that ever happened to me. Even as a part-timer, the amount of benefits I have is enormous. The support from the team and leadership is also immense as well and I feel that I can get help whenever needed.

Cons: Work Environment is sometimes toxic
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is adequate for stress

Cons: The culture is not always ideal
Not always heard
Faux growth mindset
Advice: Connect with the team on a genuine level, not only for stories 
Pros: Lots of benefits 
Options for mental health
High pay for entry level 
Lots of training, well prepared

Cons: They don’t pay there employees fairly
Advice: Give employees more relevant work
Pros: Apple has Good benefits - commuter program

Cons: Customers are not always nice. Weekend hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Insurance benefits. Flexibility with other job.fun products

Cons: managers with very low expertise but very bossy behavior
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good vibe, good benefits

Cons: working in a group of individuals can become challenging
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work schedule, competitive pay

Cons: there are not downsides in apple
Advice: None
Pros: very good salary and another things

Cons: *always busy at the 5th avenue store
Advice: None
Pros: * Great and uplifting environment 
* tons of perks and great team

Cons: you work with many people
Advice: more bonuses
Pros: very good treatment and salary

Cons: na na na na na
Advice: none
Pros: awesome fantastic superb amazing great

Cons: - Long hours
- Sometimes feel overwhelming by amount of people that come to the store
Advice: None
Pros: - Learned a lot
- Helpful coworkers

Cons: Constantly under deadline pressure, working every night/weekend, you are on a need to know basis with everything and very siloed. People aren't happy
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, lots of resources, cool projects

Cons: No work life balance and if you are on a low visibility project you will not get recognized nor will you get a stock refresher. Also very political make sure you know what the asks are before doing extra work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn very fast paced.

Cons: bad management in some stores,
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, pay for school, great health plans

Cons: Ground is constantly shifting under you so workflow processes usually change drastically
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and impact

Cons: internal hiring practices are not good
Advice: None
Pros: good starting pay, recognition, benefits for permanent employees

Cons: No commission or bonus for sales
Advice: Leadership micromanagement
Pros: Benefits, health care , stock program

Cons: steve jobs is dead very sad
Advice: None
Pros: love working there it my favorite

Cons: - politics 
- not good
Advice: None
Pros: - great pay 
- competitive benefitd

Cons: I feel like i deserve a higher salary
Advice: None
Pros: The food at the company was really good

Cons: Must work weekends and mondays
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good hours, good pay

Cons: I think there is no cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Great among all that i have worked with

Cons: Management inside that place is horrible
Advice: None
Pros: The people and employees bring me the most joy

Cons: In this case, i can not find cons
Advice: None
Pros: All in there are good

Cons: You are incredibly, incredibly expendable. Not just in a “we’ll hire someone new” case, but in the case of “we will ignore any and all health issues you have.” The only thing that matters is throughput, we are all just bodies to make Tim Cook more billions, even if it means breaking labor laws to do it.
Advice: On a store level: The entire leadership team for my market should quit. For a company whose credo is “our soul is our people,” no one in higher management seems to give a damn about the people who actually keep their store moving.
Pros: At this point, just the salary and benefits. Four or five years ago, the culture might have been a plus, but now? Not really.

Cons: Low pay and dealing with difficult customers at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work with provided computer.

Cons: - Management don’t listen to employees - Lot’s of people with special interests (i.e. political hacks) - The Apple values pallet (focus on quality, collaboration, etc) is used to mop the floors on my team
Advice: Listen to employees. The slavery age has long ended.
Pros: Overall a good company to work for, but the management seems to think they own the employees and so treat them like slaves. Do everything you are told to and don’t ask any questions. Wideout unpopular forced return to the office is just one example of lack of respect for the employees.

Cons: High pressure , pay can be better
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities , good benefits, interesting people

Cons: Growth within retail is not based on your own skills but well you can speak/answer the questions to what they value at that moment. Sometimes they follow a structure and sometimes they don't.
Advice: None
Pros: Improves your conservational skill with class of society especially dealing with ambiguity. Many benefits especially for improving education and many opportunities to grow in the company.

Cons: None of cons I can think
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to stay with

Cons: long hours for an assistant
Advice: None
Pros: Nice perks and nice staff

Cons: Expected to work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and great benefits

Cons: 24/7 job, especially your first year while figuring the ins and outs of the org
Advice: None
Pros: Working on products launches and traveling ability

Cons: The tediousness will probably get to you after about a year, as it did to me.
Advice: None
Pros: Good enough for entry level experience.

Cons: Can be difficult grinding calls
Advice: None
Pros: Good job while in college

Cons: Deserved more pay. 
No opportunities for growth unless you have college.
Advice: More opportunities for advisors without college experience.
Pros: Paid ok. We definitely deserved more.

Cons: Busy especially during the holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Fun to work here good people

Cons: managers are terrible. customers are terrible
Advice: None
Pros: The people u work with will be the best people u ever work with

Cons: It can be harder to get new headcount or justify travel these days
Advice: None
Pros: When the rest of tech is laying off employees, Apple seems to be making a commitment to not be in the same boat. Really appreciate this in a workplace.

Cons: difficult to move up in the company
Advice: none
Pros: good environment
benefits at part-time level

Cons: No cons so far for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company and very professional work environment

Cons: - none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: - Good People, good pay, good manager

Cons: It's retail, inconsistent schedule, work weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay isn't bad. Work is easy.

Cons: Salary not high enough for Austin, not many growth opportunities in this particular department. Becoming increasingly numbers driven.
Advice: None
Pros: It's Apple, so employee benefits and hybrid schedule is nice. Coworkers are amazing.

Cons: Very hectic work schedule working tgere
Advice: Connect with your employees on a regular basis 
Pros: It's a dream company of many

Cons: Like any place or big company. Management can make or break someone’s career. - Adding more responsibilities without any sort of pay raise - RSU stocks instead of a bonus. Long time for the RSU stocks to vest - poor training when it came to launching new products/software - lack of support in movement or growth - provided org wide development time but not able to schedule it or use it at all - reaching out to other sides of apple is difficult to learn about different roles throughout apple.
Advice: - allowing the advisors time to schedule what they want their development time. 2 hours a quarter is a joke. And forget about getting a mentor if you have to take that same time to “learn” from my mentor. It is unrealistic. If someone is trying to have a mentor teach them how to do a new role. 2 hours in three months does not cut it. - micromanaging leads to toxic work environment
Pros: Great benefits, discounts, free or included services, wonderful co workers, also great holiday pays. Also in senior support you have tools that can help the customer and you have the ability to make that choice on the spot I stead of having to get approval. - programs that are provided help you learn new skills - new mentoring program gives advisors who work from home to interact with others through apple beside their own teammates - visual documents that allow you to navigate some of our newest devices, and os’s - the health benefits really did cover a lot more than expected - some support when it came to disability short or long term were very good. - getting accommodations took a bit but were able to be honored up until recently for myself. - discounts on apple products (new and old) - set schedules for 6 months at a time - pay differential for shifts that start after 1pm CST - sick and vacation time was pretty good. Got better as you become more senior in the company. - you get swag and there are employee enrichment opportunities every week. - thanksgiving and around Christmas have some of the best pays throughout the year. - encouraged mentoring others The reason for my ranking is because of current status that I experienced before leaving Apple. When I first started in 2014 it was wild and crazy but we worked together to reach out and help. Over the years it has become less and less of an encouragement from the management side. Sure there were meetings and people seemed nice. But the reality of being able to reach out to one of those higher managers was frowned upon. When issues have been spoken about with treatment it fell on deaf ears. At some point you become disheartened because you know your voice doesn’t matter. It is this way or the highway. Because of that feeling you don’t feel any input provided will not be taken seriously. - the toxic environment has also driving away great management as well due to the lack of consideration for their input on current policies.

Cons: customers use you as an emotional punching bag, SOME managers don't really help out when needed, very obvious favoritism with employees. If you aren't a favorite you will struggle to move up! if you are a favorite, you got it in the bag!
Advice: It's fine to not like every employee, but when people work hard you should give them the credit they deserve.
Pros: good pay good insurance / benefits good time off

Cons: The WORST management team, the job will effect your mental health.
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits you could ask for.

Cons: overworked and working hours go over
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits now

Cons: Pay could be higher compared with Bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership and teammates. Exciting product to work on.

Cons: LIttle to no career development
Advice: None
Pros: Easy
Friendly
Flexible Hours
Apple

Cons: Apple closed multiple positions which fell into our laps. This position requires case management with added roles. You find yourself doing 5 people jobs and getting paid for just one.
Advice: Set proper expectations in terms of growth. 
Pros: Benefits
Stock
EPP
Bonus
Remote

Cons: Hard to get promoted, boys club, dwindling culture
Advice: Hold your managers accountable to the same standards you hold hourly employees
Pros: Benefits, autonomy, flexible, discounts, services, clout

Cons: This seems major but I've noticed a lack of opportunity for remote workers.
Advice: I'd love to see more upward movement in the remote space.
Pros: I've worked for several companies and I've never felt more cared for and respected. The lack of micro managing is important to me and Apple doesn't engage in that behavior, in my opinion.

Cons: limited break time, inconsistent schedule
Advice: Allow for more structured scheduling and in more advance so people can plan their lives
Pros: staff diversity, learning environment, useful feedback, strong teamwork

Cons: it is hyper competitive and opaque
Advice: None
Pros: this company is too secretive for my taste

Cons: Management sugarcoated disciplinary action and would document everything up until the point they were ready to fire someone.
Advice: None
Pros: The discount was great plus employee stock purchase program

Cons: There were none in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people and amazing customers

Cons: Strict holiday hours and over
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and management styles

Cons: I can not think of anything, I love working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, benefits and pay are great.

Cons: Bad leadership at times feeling like you are just a number.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome people to work with.

Cons: Non-stop work, and frustrated customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for the college program

Cons: - Can be difficult to grow depending on the store
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits and support 
- Fun Customer Interactions 
- Many Transferable Experiences

Cons: Demanding schedule and no work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work with innovative minds and new technology

Cons: Didn't have much opportunity to move up.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are stellar for employees.

Cons: Retail always has some cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours was main pro

Cons: -long hours
-coffee sometimes bad
-bad lighting
Advice: None
Pros: -good pay
-nice coffee
-good people

Cons: Development can be slow to come
Advice: None
Pros: Employee benefits are really great

Cons: The department as a whole has a lot of issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits/pay. Pretty cool work environment.

Cons: Nothing is a con here
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is a pro here

Cons: none, its pretty good if you can keep work/ personal life separate
Advice: None
Pros: good job, nice people, flexible hours

Cons: too many trees not enough apples
Advice: None
Pros: Great employer highly recommend you work here

Cons: Low pay. Overall sentiment from mid management and above is that workers aren’t trustworthy, need short chains, lack moras and therefore are not treated with dignity and respect. Like many organizations the main focus has shifted on just the dollar profit and not what value sets are the reason the company continues to have loyal customers.
Advice: Break down the negative bias and barriers that keep you from trusting the people you hired, allowing for more successful outcomes.
Pros: The culture and leadership intentions are generally positive.

Cons: A lot of competition within kin members
Advice: None
Pros: It was a very good salary.

Cons: Supervised shift/your calls would be heavily monitored
Advice: None
Pros: Help customers/interact with customers with their purchases

Cons: Little room to grow, you can become very great at your job but positions rarely open
You can get what you want if you become cool with managers
Advice: Work very hard just like any place to build the skills to get where you want to go. Become close with managers.
Pros: Make good friends
Work on very low pressure
Work with small team
Depending on location you can switch to many other stores

Cons: You will be Micromanaged, stressed out about metrics all the time, and expected to handle each of your calls perfectly. If you don't get ready to hear about it from your manager. I was hospitalized and the only thing i was told was i would get a warning on my attendance after I used up will my sick time. It was just horrible. I couldn’t believe that one of the best companies in the world treated their employees this way. At the end of the day all Apple really cares about it sucking their employees and customers dry all for profit. Most of the time your manager will only comment on what your doing wrong and looking at metrics all the time is so draining and toxic.
Advice: Treat your employees better, be more compassionate and sympathetic. Don't only focus on the negative.
Pros: Decent pay, great benefits, work from home, opportunities to grow.

Cons: Repetitive work task.
Little team work needed for daily tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and benefits if you're single. 
Opportunity to learn about iOS app market.

Cons: You have to compete with sells to make sure you can be considered for hours. So making sure u promote is something to consider.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of hours and money is good if worked weekends.

Cons: Not the highest pay compared to work at Google and other FAANG companies
Advice: None
Pros: Workaholic culture with a lot of available resources for employees. Strong Pay

Cons: -May have to move locations for growth
Advice: None
Pros: -Great benefits
-Opportunity for growth

Cons: No work life balance, always working
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great people

Cons: Too rigid in certain policies
Advice: None
Pros: Treats their people extremely well.

Cons: Too many people thinking they know everything
Advice: None
Pros: Great food in cafeteria, delicious

Cons: very toxic location, run asap
Advice: None
Pros: good food, but is a little pricy

Cons: Not a good WLB, Very depends on manager's style
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, capable coworkers &amp; team culture

Cons: Often unrealistic expectations from corporate Apple for a retail environment, theory vs reality
Advice: Keep fighting for your people
Pros: Some amazing overall benefits and coworkers

Cons: Not very enjoyable and can be quite depressing and boring since there is little to no growth right now in the company. Unless you are a huge fanboy of apple or a college student I wouldn't recommend. very boring and unfulfilling job. but overall incredibly stressful and flag ships should be paid more.
Advice: None
Pros: . They are super flexible with work hours and time off it's crazy. also they do pay 5000 for school and other insane benefits. overall kind management but can be annoying to be told what to do especially if your standing for 8 hours and don't make commission.

Cons: None that I can think of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative. Cutting edge. Fair employer.

Cons: You work long hours and it can be quite stressful
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is very good, and you are at the front of the tech industry

Cons: There is a lot of politics and micromanagement that takes away from the greatness of the company. Thy push metrics like apple care for the benefit of the managers getting a bonus but the employees don't see any of those benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Apple has great benefits, and they hire really cool people.

Cons: Little to no down time
Advice: None
Pros: Remote, tuition reimbursement, good pay, good benefits, pto

Cons: That's a good achievement if you join this company as well
Advice: That's a good management
Pros: This is a good company I hope you can join for this company

Cons: There is limited upward mobility.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary
Great benefits 
ESPP &amp; RSU grants

Cons: Tough place to get forward opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great people great learning environment

Cons: Nothing as of now i
Advice: None
Pros: Great One I love it

Cons: Can be demanding at times
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, can work remotely

Cons: - pay and management
- little flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: - really good benefits
- good discounts

Cons: - The work/life balance can go for a toss
- The expectations are high
- The people I worked with were incredibly fatigued
Advice: None
Pros: - You will learn a tonne working on very impactful projects
- You will collaborate with the best people in your field
- The pay is amazing
- The accommodation is taken care of

Cons: Extremely busy environment and high intensity work.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are top tier, work schedule is flexible, great leadership.

Cons: Sometime slow but generally good
Advice: None
Pros: Good work work is good

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great people and we keep busy

Cons: It’s easy to get loss in such a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment, management is helpful

Cons: it was hard and taxing
Advice: None
Pros: i liked it very much was cool

Cons: Customer service, draining, competitive, tiring
Advice: None
Pros: RSUs, company growth, benefits, job security

Cons: management treats their employees like children
Advice: None
Pros: value and overall compensation and community

Cons: Micromanaging, inability to move up in company unless you kiss up
Advice: Treat people like adults
Pros: You get Apple shares at a discount and good health insurance co workers are cool

Cons: Its still retail at the end of the day
Advice: None
Pros: Similar benefits to corporate and very understanding

Cons: hours can be demanding, location
Advice: None
Pros: The salary and benefits make it worth while

Cons: My team is still remote so it was hard to get to know everyone and learn the job at the same time.
Advice: None
Pros: You works with smart people, and processes that are in place. Great onboarding. Cutting edge technology. Great work-life balance on my team and my manager is great.

Cons: Everyday was the same .
Advice: None
Pros: Good work conditions
Kind co-workers

Cons: Sometimes have to deal with upset customers
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment and great place to work

Cons: Might get an overwhelming amount of customers during the holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Able to work part time and around your schedule.

Cons: Growing management heirarchies. Hard to move around
Advice: None
Pros: People are second to none

Cons: The pay is not the greatest. They give you $0.50 raise and then want you to be happy about it. Apple is the richest company on earth, they can afford to pay a living wage.
Advice: Apple Corporate has not idea what in the world is happening at Apple Retail. Who ever runs Apple Retail should retire.
Pros: They are great about looking after you for the most part and they are considerate about your feelings and thoughts.

Cons: Interview: High bar for entry. Slow work pace: countless blockers from unstable internal infrastructure, overly limited resource, and inconsistent expectations of individual contributors. Isolating: Everyone holds on really tight to their own work, which creates unbreakable silos between projects, and there's not enough emphasis on infra scalability or standardization. Cult-like mindset: People here Complacency For example, if you go to an offsite, expect your manager to request money through Apple Cash. Everyone here is so proud of working for Apple, even when their work is not the most competitive on the market. Coming from a large scale web company that values fast pace, I had a really frustrating time adjusting to my org and team.
Advice: Be nice to people. Watch out for burnouts and politely turn down people's ideas / projects. Look outside of Apple's bubble for ideas to improve. Put down your Apple ego.
Pros: Everyone cares a lot of the details of the product, user privacy, and customer experience. Perfect place for perfectionist. Everything else depends on the org you're in. My org has great work life balance.

Cons: work like balance can be a little off.
Advice: None
Pros: great job, more hands on . love the repairs.

Cons: If there are higher paying companies
Advice: None
Pros: Money
Culture
WLB
Few layoffs

Cons: Better management and store leaders would be good.
Advice: None
Pros: Have some of the greatest company benefits, like medical and health and discounts on products.

Cons: When I got hired, I was told I would get the job as a Cafe Barista which was what I was offered in the first place..... I ended up being some Service Rep for Caffe Macs--cleaning up after people if they dropped their food on the floor, checking water temps in restrooms, replacing milk pitchers, directing people where to line up for different food areas, adding sugar on top of custards and blowtorching, and other odd jobs required/asked. Company is very strict with being on time (clock in) is so damn far from the parking lot if you're lucky enough to find ANY parking space even if you arrive 45 minutes early. Different people training you are picky with how you're supposed to do the same job. They give you different opinions on what the other person does and doesn't agree with doing so you get stuck and confused....
Advice: Be more considerate to the new person trying their best the first month. There's no harm if a person is a minute or 5 minutes late. At least they showed up.
Pros: Company offers some good benefits.

Cons: If you want full remote it’s unlikely
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture and exciting projects

Cons: Poor upper management. Lack of care for the individuals that work in stores.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Amazing insurance and stock purchase program. Lots of corporate discounts.

Cons: Working with a lot of young people and people that have been with Apple since they were young. Things can get political and inappropriate quicky without a strong store lead presence (which is often little to none)
Advice: Stay professional.
Pros: Benefits and schedule flexibility especially for students

Cons: Sometimes it gives crazy amount of stress
Advice: None
Pros: Good paychecks and compensation 
Health coverage plans are sophisticated

Cons: Not many cons for the job
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: worst nightmare working at BS Apple
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good but not the best

Cons: Travel to China is mandatory
Advice: None
Pros: Cool problems and great mentors

Cons: Work Life balance, frequent calls between 6-10p on weekdays
Advice: None
Pros: Great team.
Learn a lot from peers.
Competitive environment (if you like that)

Cons: You may feel discouraged after the multiple interviews but if you're listening and make the changes based on the observations they've seen, you'll find yourself being successful if you listen
Advice: None
Pros: An amazing culture with lots of resources

Cons: Youre just a cog in a machine and easily replaceable
Advice: None
Pros: You get to say you work at Apple

Cons: High accountability with limited possibilities for advancement.
Advice: Resources
Pros: Benefits, people, exciting, connection to the brand.

Cons: Work experience is terrible there
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay for the employees

Cons: working on holidays and weekends. customers can be needy and learn at their own pace so you got to be patient. barely room for promotions. either jobs would be posted, you do an interview, and all of sudden job closes and management doesn't let you know.
Advice: promote your employees from within.
Pros: team, culture, benefits, inclusivity, discounts

Cons: Managers are hypocritical and lack talent and guidance
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is above industry average

Cons: no work-life balance, as an employee you feel expendable, no clear path to advancing
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, decent pay, great place to learn interpersonal skills

Cons: Very fast paced, management always keeping track
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and stock options

Cons: -Customer Service is really the only con
Advice: Something I wish I would have done prior to accepting an offer with this department was do a little research. Apple is wonderful company to work for but they way they have there customer service set up is a little chaotic. They wanted to have you answer a call back to back to back. Sometimes the calls are major draining as some of the customers are just not reasonable. They expect you to bend over backwards for them because they use the product. Note not all customers are like this and most days were fine, but when you get those kind of customers you are drained after it. Hopefully in the future they will change that structure to limit the amount of burnout within the employees cause sadly that department has a high turnover rate because of this.
Pros: -Great team -Great benefit -Great Events -Great Environment

Cons: staff culture and lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of job and deliverables

Cons: Hours are the same as any other retail establishment, which is great for people who can accommodate but not great for people that need a reliable schedule. Not many career options other than 'up' so once you get where you want to be the work becomes stagnant and the pay doesn't really increase.
Advice: None
Pros: Decently high pay depending on position Stock payout is matched each year Lots of tech certifications available Good Benefits

Cons: limited growth in retail.
A lot of talk about development but mostly for show.
Advice: None
Pros: Took care of us during covid.
RSUs.
Inclusive environment.

Cons: Management went down over the years
stagnant 
loss of motivation 
favoritism 
micro manage 
Advice: Maintain a professional relationship with your employees.
Pros: worked with friends
helped people
learned new things
recieved certificates for training
gained sales experience
gained technical support experience via in store and remote
proficient in MacOS and iOS


Cons: • Change management muscle isn't great in sales • Lots of process debt • Some sales leaders who haven't done the work/can't develop people
Advice: None
Pros: • Highly collaborative • Surrounded by passionate, intelligent people • Ability to innovate at all levels • Ability to chart your own sales execution path • Compensation includes heavy RSU • Takes care of their people during tough times

Cons: -Work weekends
-Working in customer service is not always pleasant
Advice: None
Pros: -Great pay
-Great benefits, especially for a college student
-Culture was inclusive

Cons: - Inconsistent experience from advertised perception
Advice: Listen to us
Pros: - Discounts
- Flexible hours
- Great products &amp; info

Cons: It was not too bad depending on management
Advice: None
Pros: Love it has a good culture

Cons: No WLB, not friendly to remote
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is competitive and job security is better than other tech companies

Cons: Tough work culture and deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to be. Challenging.

Cons: long hours, training is comprehensive
Advice: None
Pros: excellent culture and helpful employees

Cons: If you're a white male you'll be wherever you want in this company in no time. No matter how bad or how many times you report things to HR no "favorited" person ever gets discipline like their "business conduct" preaches. No women or mostly person of color ever moves past the company's expert role. I can only speak for the Upper New England stores, but seems like other stores around the country do feel the same. Also, an extreme cult atmosphere they work this way to keep the team together and feeling special for easy manipulation. They'll get you to do tasks beyond your job saying it's so that you can gain the experience for a promised position just to never deliver and keep you as a puppet.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and support for mental health.

Cons: Maybe they can pay more
Advice: None
Pros: love it, they treat their employees with a lot of respect.

Cons: Management does a clean sweep of employees
Advice: None
Pros: It was nice to work with a team

Cons: Nothing significant that stands oit
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment
People are friendly and settling in isneasy

Cons: Some bad team members, else, none
Advice: None
Pros: Prestive, Great Pay, Good WLB

Cons: Work hard, meetings very easily extended due to conflicts between stakeholders
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, nice reputation, performance oriented, smart colleagues

Cons: Working in a retail environment
Advice: None
Pros: The discounts and the benefits

Cons: None that stick out now
Advice: None
Pros: Management is empathetic and open to feedback
Ability to grow in career
Great benefits
Great values and company culture

Cons: good company for work ,there are no cons
Advice: good
Pros: this place is good place for work

Cons: Retail hours can be exhausting especially especially during the holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, a lot of growth opportunities

Cons: No commission
5% maximum raise each year.
Advice: None
Pros: Tuition reimbursement
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Great healthcare plans
Fitness reimbursement up to $300 a year

Cons: Not much opportunity for growth.
Advice: Need more innovative products.
Pros: Great pay, perks and culture. Stable job.

Cons: A good work schedule is based on own's productivity.
Advice: None
Pros: Great product discounts for employees, work from home, and company stock ownership.

Cons: Everything is amazing and awsome.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good and friendly env.

Cons: At the end of the day it is a retail job
Advice: None
Pros: Company Culture
Inclusivity
Flexible Hours

Cons: Work too many hours thats all
Advice: None
Pros: As a international student,The salary i got is really high

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a fun place to work. Great culture!

Cons: Team members didn’t feel friendly and approachable
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great pay for the time

Cons: Intensity could be overwhelming at ties.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, very intense learning experience.

Cons: Upper management does not hire the best candidates for the job, if you do not fit their culture and know every Marvels, Star Wars show, or openly support PRIDE don’t expect to be promoted. Terrible pay
Advice: Start promoting those who perform the job best instead of those that drink from the company koolaid. Increase pay
Pros: The benefits and employee stock plan.

Cons: bad reviews from customers at times
Advice: None
Pros: remote. great pay. flexible. growth

Cons: -your day is micromanaged
-every minute is accounted for
-unreliable schedule (not set) 
-strict time and attendance expectations 
-interviews are difficult
Advice: None
Pros: -fun environment
-plenty of weird people 
-lots of diversity
-good benefits 
-semi flexible work schedule 
-accommodation for student schedules 
-course tuition reimbursement (qualifying courses)

Cons: Worst customers I've ever had to deal with in retail, food service, or any other space I've worked in. The day to day treatment caused me to have a mental breakdown.
Advice: None
Pros: Best job I've ever had. I learned a lot of soft skills plus gained a tremendous amount of technological knowledge. The store management was all great (though their boss was a holy terror and we all hated when she came to the store). My coworkers were supportive and friendly. Were it not for the clientele, I could see myself making a career out of Apple.

Cons: extremely competitive to get a better position
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good pay

Cons: no cons to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: it is a great place to work

Cons: Parking
micromanaging
Hard to internally grow into management
Advice: None
Pros: Great CoWorkers
Flexibility
Benefits and pay were amazing for a part time job
Work environment

Cons: expensive housing, insider knowledge is bounded
Advice: None
Pros: nice, cool management, great location

Cons: Can be difficult to move into a full time role because there aren’t often open positions and is highly competitive when there are. Also speaking for this location in particular, you should be weary of ever voicing concerns to HR regarding upper management and you should also be cautious of how much you disclose about your health - mental or otherwise, but particularly mental health. There’s an ability to get job protection through Sedgwick with the amount based on what your doctor provides. However, if you need to utilize much of your given time for self care or even emergency situations that come up, be aware that management (not all but senior and above) will hold that against you, even voicing it at times. HR is not working for you, but the company. I’m not saying the values of Apple aren’t upheld because for the most part it’s a great place to work but it can become difficult and retaliation is a real thing there if you become deemed a liability of any sort. Also they will take advantage of certain roles and their workload/ actual duties particularly if they know that person is willing and wanting to help out, which is basically everyone at that store. Also don’t trust that your coworkers won’t be listening to anything personal you might be talking about with someone else — and if it is something that could give them an ability to tell management in the hope of advancing their own career path, they absolutely will. This might sound like it’s an overreaction or exaggeration however I only am sharing this info because the chance of being absolutely blindsided is something I came to find out has been happening to many of my former coworkers and people were taking extensive time off to deal with the need to keep their mental health stable or just outright looking for another job and leaving immediately upon another opportunity. For the most part though, the people who work there are a unique bunch, extremely helpful and it’s a mostly positive environment, at least on the surface you’re likely to not know what those being mistreated are feeling/ so it feels pleasant at least. Oh and one last comment is that if you get in any sort of position where they think it requires disciplinary action, the extent of why they feel you need it varies person to person (for instance being more than 2 minutes late clocking in for only 3 times can cause an extreme measure taken vs others being late almost chronically/ much more often and having no action taken) so there’s no sense of security as people aren’t all treated the same for doing the same actions or even worse ones. You will be targeted and treated poorly if you are at all deemed a liability or if you voice concerns or ‘feedback’ to upper management. So just be aware, it’s not truly as upholding of Apple values and policies as you might believe/ just stay aware of what you do and who is seeing it and keeping tabs on it. I would recommend never going directly to HR unless you seek out speaking to someone not connected locally because they won’t be on your side whatsoever in the twin cities area/ their relationships with management at these stores create an inability to be impartial so you’re not likely to receive any help nor will things change. This is speaking from personal experience as well as the experience of many of my coworkers who expressed similar issues in private. Again, keep your conversations out of any area where anyone could possibly walk by or be nearby because you cannot trust all of the coworkers there and you’ll likely not realize it either.
Advice: Oh boy. Ultimately to summarize it and not write out a litany of things that were done unethically and illegally, such as discrimination and targeting individuals. I’d suggest actually showcasing the values that the company and store claim strongly to believe in and follow. Inconsistent discipline and not speaking down to employees would be a great start. Using illness against them would also probably help to lessen the amount of people who have had to take lengthy time off for self care reasons. Also not delegating your own responsibilities onto people who shouldn’t have to be doing those tasks, and at the very least, acknowledging them for doing things that they shouldn’t have and management absolutely could’ve easily done themselves as is their job. I’d also suggest that if you’re the store leader, actually know the policies/ the bare minimum of information in order to be an actual resource vs just being someone who comes out onto the floor once in a while. Maybe take stock in your employees and also taking advantage of your position to never work shifts beyond only one would probably make your upper leaders and management feel more favorable towards you, but that’s only going off of what they’ve actually voiced. Who knows what other issues exist in private. Also maybe take note of how your employees feel towards you almost collectively so and consider that it’s not always them but probably you and how much you aren’t someone that should and is even able to help out in all situations. I’d also suggest being less obvious about retaliatory behavior and definitely not used protected time taken off for health reasons against the person as it’s also not legal to be saying a lot of the things you have said to more than just myself. Keep in mind it’s not conducive to a thriving and growing environment when management isn’t able to assist or isn’t even available to ask for assistance. It creates distrust and general frustration amongst your staff, whether you see it or not. Everyone else is noticing and speaking about their grievances with each other, believe me. Leadership should be there for the sake of leading their team and guiding them towards their goals and thereby enhancing the quality and strength of the store and ability to form more customer retention and positive experiences. Being indifferent or inept doesn’t go unnoticed and for Apple, it’s disheartening as well.
Pros: Great benefits, helpful and positive coworker atmosphere, yearly reviews to determine amount of raise.

Cons: Too much micro management
Career advancement minimal (lateral no pay increase)
Low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
Big Name on your resume
Discounts

Cons: Customer handling and metrics but not overbearing like other centers
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and scheduling around school schedule

Cons: Demanding
Low end co workers
Location
Complex work
Limited Time to complete tasks
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Flexible
Easy
High Pay
401K
Benefits

Cons: Projects can move quite slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Health team was made up of very kind and intelligent people

Cons: There is a lack in career growth, specially at this position. Things are changing but it is uncertain how soon they will.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great starting position if you don't have much work experience and your salary expectations are not high. You'll find that the community at Apple is amazing and that there are many great benefits that you can take advantage of.

Cons: Management has a lacks ability to help Doesn't accommodate disabilities well despite having so in years past Stop caring for employees suffering and trying to get better from long-covid Little to no remote options Bright and loud environments that are headache inducing especially older store designs that haven't changed. Customers complained too and I could only empathize because I endured migraines from working here. Little to no work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Stock Health Care Coworkers are supportive

Cons: long hours and never a stable schedule. changes quarterly
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Diversity, teamwork, good benefits.

Cons: tetewetwew
wer
wer
wer
weretwe
Advice: None
Pros: teteetewtewtwetewt
werwer
werwer
werwer
wer

Cons: - Micromanagement is extreme - Company "values" diversity by constantly pushing woke agendas and propaganda - Lack of development opportunities - Sexual harassment is not taken seriously If you don't want to get into management, you are better off starting as help desk staff at a company that supports PCs or both PCs and Mac. You will learn more and be more marketable.
Advice: Treat employees with respect. So much ego is carried in retail managers. It's incredibly toxic.
Pros: Great benefits--medical, dental, vision, tuition reimbursement, EAP, employee stock purchase plan, and restricted stock units.

Cons: long hours difficult customers low pay
Advice: None
Pros: discounts on gear apple stock

Cons: Growth is slow as per current timelines.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with

Cons: Emotionally draining Apple support and retail not on the same page Some customers can be demanding, rude Or feel Entitled Can take years to be promoted Work hours can be inconsistent &amp; work and personal life balance can be challenging
Advice: Apple Retail pays extremely well. It is a great job for those who need another pt job, or don’t want to go to college right away. I encourage management to continue to have conversations with their staff. Check in to see if all is okay before and after shifts. The retail industry in general is taxing mentally. Since the average consumer has drastically changed over the course of a decade. Some customers are great and others can be verbally abusive, feel entitled, and will try to get what their way.
Pros: Supportive management Training Health insurance &amp; benefits Great hourly pay Take care of their employees

Cons: None at all, nothing bad to share
Advice: None
Pros: It’s great and lot of fun

Cons: Environment is sometimes difficult to enjoy
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities for growth and good benefits

Cons: A demanding, Pointless, Culture of secrecy means nothing gets done. You file a bug report and you can’t even see it anymore.
Advice: First upper management has to realize there's a problem. Often they're so insulated from the day-to-day operations that they're clueless.
Pros: Great company to work for, love every second of it. Great culture and management.

Cons: Need more development opportunities. Company expects employees to go above and beyond for customers and does not extend that to said employees. More focus on mental health. Core values get lost along the way.
Advice: Be loyal to the employees who have bent over backwards for the company. Apple is a huge sea and often little retail employees get lost in that. Not been given any development opportunities in 3.5 years. Once received, it was cut short. Really frustrating. Retail employees have no child care options. From my perspective, I love this company. I love what it stands for. Going above and beyond isn’t hard when you love something. Working so hard to earn development opportunities and not getting them is frustrating and hard to keep the positive on. WFH retail employee given no opportunity to stay remote, only forced into one option. Return to store. There bas got to be a better way.
Pros: Great benefits and perks. Good pay. Wonderful and inspiring core values.

Cons: Expected to know a lot without much training
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and you learn a lot

Cons: Management was a mess at times
People have trouble swallowing their pride working at Apple. 
No Humility by a lot of the staff which takes away from the customer experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Cool Customers
Great Benefits

Cons: Very strict on AppleCare and getting sales numbers.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are amazing the culture is beautiful.

Cons: Poor Management, very micro managed in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are amongst the pros

Cons: There is a lot of turnover
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great place to work

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture is great in the retail space. The managers were awesome and most importantly the team was very supportive!

Cons: Work life balance 
Autonomy
Upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Interesting work
Competitive pay

Cons: There is a constant overload of customers
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work when you need a job

Cons: Misogyny is pervasive. Favoritism is rampant.
Advice: Stop the misogynistic environment. 
Pros: Great pay and great benefits

Cons: Pay doesnt meet the skill set
Advice: None
Pros: The people are amazing to work ith

Cons: Work life balance can tough
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is pretty good

Cons: Slow in the recruitment process
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and learning environment

Cons: -Channel Retail division does not get held to the same standard as Retail and Corporate locations -This position is being downsized globally -Managers within Channel Retail division give raises arbitrarily vs merit-based -Managers will regularly expect you to be available on their time, regardless of your hourly schedule
Advice: Live by the expectations set upon you by corporate leadership. Commit to self-education around diversity, inclusion, and equity. Co-workers talk. If one employee does better than a peer on a review and receives a lower annual raise percentage than their lower performing peer, they will likely lose respect for you. Don’t pick on employees and openly play favorites. Don’t publicly make jabs at employees’ mental health.
Pros: -Global commitment to diversity and inclusion -Global commitment to pay equity -Opportunity to build relationships with vendor partners and customers daily -Pay is pretty good for what you’re expected to do

Cons: Redundant Leadership inconsistent with lean decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work-Life Balance with great benefits.

Cons: Potential for long and draining shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Management was very flexible to accommodations needed

Cons: There are no cons for me
Advice: None
Pros: Liked the working environment it creates a space to excel

Cons: Can sometimes focus more on numbers than quality of work
Advice: None
Pros: Managers care about you as much as they do the customers. 
Good pay
Good incentives 
Mental health days

Cons: They don't pay fair and have no desire to promote within
Advice: None
Pros: Health insurance is really good

Cons: Turns out that I did not have a good match for Tech industry so I had to move.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had challenging and rewarding jobs. Good work-life balance.

Cons: ok-ish wlb
politics
bureacracy
slow promo
Advice: None
Pros: stable
pays well
prestige
good stock

Cons: will tell later okay my friend
Advice: None
Pros: the are great to work with

Cons: Don’t love the aggressive behavior of others
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice to be there

Cons: abysmal WLB, looking to jump ship after an year. I have a life
Advice: improve WLB
Pros: good tech to work on

Cons: nothing much really so too good
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent .. good work space .. lovely atmosphere

Cons: No one cares about your upward mobility. Very little support to become a better team member.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary
You feel very important

Cons: Long hours
Politics
On site
Advice: None
Pros: Job security
Good pay
Great colleagues

Cons: It contains alot of work.
Advice: None
Pros: It is an amazing job.

Cons: Not bad place to be overall
Advice: None
Pros: Good good good good good

Cons: Very little help from managers
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people and good pay

Cons: I had 16 different managers over my 9 years with the company. the shift bids sometimes really messed up due to everyone working remote and different time zone formatting so you could end up moving from a 10 am start time to a 5 am start time. the bonuses are rewarded in stock vestments so if you leave the company or go on medical leave you lose the bonus you previously earned. They will say something if you clock in from break 30 seconds late too many times .
Advice: There should be more than one manager contact available for employees that work from home for cases of harassment or mistreatment based on race, religion, or sex otherwise employees will have no recourse besides quitting be it quietly over time or suddenly.
Pros: I worked from home for my entire tenure with the company. They sent me all of the equipment that I needed and had a small stipend for internet. There was lots of training so to was easy to stay prepared for the job.

Cons: A lot of work and the commute is taxing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers and environment there

Cons: I didn’t start working there at an earlier time
Advice: None
Pros: People focused , the managers are invested in developing their employees and making sue they create a relationship with you. Stocks purchase plan and the many other perks provided by the company, as well as the notoriety that comes with being apart of a company like Apple.

Cons: n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits for all employees

Cons: You don't get time flexibale schedule
Advice: None
Pros: They are really respect you

Cons: *Retail hours are difficult for work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: *High pay for retail type role
*Fun people

Cons: Not an inspiring or innovative company
Advice: Focus on culture more than internal politics 
Pros: Not a stressful job - the business moves slow.

Cons: sometimes work can be too much to handle
Advice: None
Pros: many resources to improve skills

Cons: not too sure for cons
Advice: None
Pros: good management and culture of life

Cons: Low visibility. Not much control on daily tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Big teams , many people to learn from.

Cons: No cons that I can think of at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Great work community and benefits

Cons: Low base pay
Very few benefits
Little bonus
Advice: Improve employee benefits 
Pros: Challenging environment, and trying to gain as much experience with public corporations

Cons: Compensation (raises), no commission, no profit sharing, and part-time employee benefits are inferior to full-time (despite exact same job title and responsibilities). Corporate employees are treated a lot better than retail.
Advice: Treat all employees equally. Apple wouldn’t be a trillion dollar company if it didn’t rely so heavily on retail sales.
Pros: The people and company culture

Cons: No commission or bonuses on a yearly basis
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits with employer and discounts from other employers

Cons: Schedule and micromanagement, disconnect between values and culture
Advice: Walk the talk
Pros: Benefits, benefits, salary, benefits, salary

Cons: I don't have any complaints after ten years.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are amazing. Pay is reasonable for not having a degree. Management is helpful and engaging and there are always opportunities to grow. Apple really encourages growth.

Cons: Apple product is expensive than expected
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a well known company

Cons: Managers can be weird sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: I like it, Pretty chill.

Cons: None that I can think of at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Was able to work from home. Great benefits. Worked and learned from great people. Tremendous growth opportunities. Management was incredible. All in all was a great experience and place to work. Apple really seemed to value it's employees and always kept a great company culture.

Cons: Retail hours and working weekend but you will not find better pay and benefits in retail.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits with a team that cares. Apple is a great organization that truly cares to make a difference in the world and a great place to work and belong.

Cons: poor management, No early promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company Good benefits, good management

Cons: Scheduling hours are inconsistent long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Yearly discounts and some free services

Cons: there are a lot of expectations
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance honestly

Cons: Third party benefits aren't vocalized directly to you. You have to go and find them yourself, but there are hidden gems. 

Corporate politics have to be maneuvered to climb the lab.
Advice: None
Pros: The company provides some great health benefits and third party benefits

Cons: - no time flexibility - favoritism - 4 interviews to get an offer - the customers test your patience - management needs to get managed
Advice: have a session where all of you give each other constructive criticism
Pros: - 401K match 100% - 25% off products / 15% off for friends &amp; family / 10% on the floor - Dental - Medical - Vision -School reimbursement - 14 free therapy sessions included yearly - free iCloud - free copy of Final Cut Pro &amp; Logic Pro X - free software that are partnered with Apple - Apple Career Experiences -and so much more!

Cons: this term does not imply here for Apple
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is an advantage to work in Apple Inc

Cons: limited possibilities for work from home
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, salary, freedom of topic

Cons: Long hours, very hierarchical and sometimes toxic
Advice: None
Pros: - Very talented people
- Decent pay but not enough for the hours you put in
- Impeccable focus on Product Quailty

Cons: It's very tedious and involving
Advice: Give us breaks
Pros: It's fun to be there

Cons: sometimes too much stress. differenent team matters a lot
Advice: None
Pros: life-work balance, good salary. friendly environment

Cons: Favoritism
You learn a lot, but it takes forever to move up if you even get lucky to.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Learn a lot of knowledge

Cons: They will micromanage you to insanity. If you're away from your desk for more than 5 minutes every hour, management will be on you like ducks on bread crumbs.
Advice: None
Pros: Full-time working from home. Excellent benefits. Skilled managers and support staff. Outstanding organization w/ processes and procedures.

Cons: No work life balance Soho management sucked while there and a lot of micro managing They took away genius training in California
Advice: Micro managing employees doesn't set a health culture Hire more woman of color Give more shadowing opportunities and stop forcing people to work when they are sick.
Pros: Great benefits Working with amazing people that are creatives outside of Apple Great pay

Cons: Not much takes away some time
Advice: Keep doing what you’re doing
Pros: You need experience for this

Cons: -Work/Life balance is horrendous. Say goodbye to your family if you accept this job. You won’t see them until you quit. And even though the company has increased the amount of days you CAN take off, getting APPROVED for those days is another battle that will test you. -Pay is enough to survive market conditions, but for a $3T company, it’s not good enough for what we provide. -If not willing to relocate, you’ll hit a ceiling quick. -Very stressful and demanding role. Management can be difficult and unrealistic even if you are a leader in statistics amongst your peers/ the market.
Advice: Don’t whip the horse more than you should.
Pros: -Great Coworkers -Always something new to learn -Endless opportunities if willing to relocate

Cons: There is no work life balance. Micro managing by managers. Some young and disrespectful employees . Not a healthy environment to grow.
Advice: Stop bringing managers from outside that don't know anything and trying to micromanage because they just simply don't know the culture and they don't have the knowledge.
Pros: Maybe salary but it's not worth it. Good reputation

Cons: They don't care about the well being of their workers
Advice: None
Pros: They really care for the ell being of there workers.

Cons: You are treated bad and there is no advancement as a remote worker.
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing was good working here.

Cons: Not hawe good income salaru
Advice: None
Pros: Hawe good engineer in the pack

Cons: Nothing so far. Going great
Advice: None
Pros: Work life. Hours are amazing

Cons: Sometimes takes advantage of availability
Advice: None
Pros: Treated me very well everyday

Cons: Somehow work and life not very balanced.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, stable, conservative in some areas.

Cons: Toxic work environment in org
Advice: None
Pros: Working from home and hybrid

Cons: Having to work was pretty bad
Advice: None
Pros: The money was pretty good

Cons: - Some customers can be rude sometimes but management takes over if they do.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great co workers
- Great training before starting
- Its fun when you try your best

Cons: No cons all good things
Advice: None
Pros: Best people to work with

Cons: Can be overwhelming and customers aren’t the best
Advice: Put more care into workers and mental health
Pros: Great benefits at this company

Cons: work life balance is a problem.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits 
people
opportunities
fun events
free food

Cons: Managers only push deception to customers
Advice: None
Pros: Pay discount’s and knowledge learned

Cons: see pros, for their "fraud" team, they have a lot of sketchy employees
Advice: None
Pros: none, unfair progression oppritunities at a cost

Cons: Rotate positions too often without warning
Advice: None
Pros: Great health insurance and other benefits

Cons: Its a bit fast paced and challenging
Advice: None
Pros: I like working here its fun

Cons: Long hours
Difficult culture 
Limited remote opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Top talent
Comprehensive benefits 
Strong innovation

Cons: No work life balance. At all. You will get stuck working and have no days off.
Advice: Be more open to making concrete changes.
Pros: Great pay. Stocks. Easy job.

Cons: Too heavy on selling extra items
Advice: None
Pros: Great team members to work with

Cons: Time in and out is restricted
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work in this company

Cons: cant think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good community and work enviorment

Cons: Retail hours can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: It has great culture along with amazing benefits

Cons: The hours are not the greatest
Advice: None
Pros: Apple provides its employees with a ton of benefits including pay, products, and stock purchasing.

Cons: Required to be at the office
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is pretty good for me

Cons: Lack of transparency with customers
Long unnecessary trainings
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive managers
Great pay
Great benefits

Cons: Management needs improvement, very stuck up.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits, good for students

Cons: No milk, impossible to do capucco
Advice: None
Pros: Free coockies, fresh coffee beans.

Cons: Management can be micromanaging or not care about their job. 
Work/life balance depends on management
Advice: Management need new perspectives, new people too. After 15-20 years, it doesn’t feel like they adapt or evolve
Pros: Pay, benefits, good culture, diversity

Cons: Pay could’ve been more imo
Advice: None
Pros: Calls easy, and training updates every time Apple came out with a new update to explain changes.

Cons: Very slow advancement if you choose retail division.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent job if you’re looking for stable environment with great benefits.

Cons: * Health insurance (United) has gone way downhill. They do their best to deny as much as possible. It is not free, so all 160K + employees are paying several hundred dollars a month just for United to say "No" even when you have a lengthy legitimate history for an issue, and your doctor's recommendation for a specific medication, surgery, etc. I imagine it's the same with other insurance providers (but don't know for sure), and it's gotten worse since covid.

* The AppleCare (AC) call center is bottom rung and looked down upon by corporate employees, therefore making a hard case as to why you should be valued and how your skills might transfer to another role, regardless of your educational background and work history. Basically, they see you as having no skill and no positive financial impact for Apple (i.e. you're not making Apple money because you aren't producing a product). There is a corporate side to AppleCare with various roles and positions that have nothing to do with being a front line customer service rep. I cannot speak to those positions. 

* Likely due to the above, near zero room for career advancement and growth, especially if you want out of AppleCare and don't have years of experience in other job roles, and/or don't have a connection to help get you out. 

* Pandering/patronizing programs to make one think/feel like there is career advancement opportunity when there really isn't. Not saying that no one makes it out of AC from these programs, but the odds are about the same as winning the lottery. Basically, you may be selected to work with other corporate organizations for up to six months, doing work you actually want to do, and getting treated like an adult, then you're sent back to AC and have to wait a year before you can apply again. Even if you crush it during that experience, these other orgs aren't given budget for headcount, so they can't hire anyone even if they wanted to. 

*A large portion of your fellow employees are either third party vendor call centers, or people who are poorly trained, or who just don't care, which is likely another reason why AC is looked down upon, and why employees are treated like children. This also causes frustrations for high performers that do care about the quality of their work, but management does not care as long as the numbers look good to their managers and so on up the ladder. 

* Upper management likes to play around with their organizations (one senior manager can be in charge of several different orgs under the same umbrella), so they'll randomly announce that your org and another org is merging, so now you have to learn a new product or service on top of what you're already supposed to have locked down (though the majority don't), and this can happen several times. In other words, you're hired to support a specific product and/or service, then suddenly they merge with another org, and another, and another and now you're supporting a variety of products and services - a jack of all trades and master of none, which means the quality of service takes a major hit, and to top it off you are not given a raise for all of the additional responsibilities you now have.

* Along with the above, for no reason at all they will move managers around to different teams. You might have an amazing manager that you've really connected with only to have them replaced by another manager that you barely know. If you have any kind of special accommodations, well now you've got to go through the wringer again with this new person. They will also randomly have you move desks within the office. Some people love to personalize their desk space with all kinds of things, and they definitely aren't fans of being moved around.  Again - just random changes for no reason at all. 

* AC doesn't hire based on where they are short as it relates to shift start/end times. In other words, if AC needs employees for the 11am to 8pm shift, they don't specifically hire for that shift. Instead, everyone has changing schedules, so every six months your life could potentially be uprooted. You might work 6am to 3pm half the year, then suddenly you're working 11am to 8pm the other half of the year. Say goodbye to being there for your children's after school program or extra curricular activities, etc. 

* I do not recommend working a customer service role, such as AppleCare, for Apple. I'm sure that it is significantly better than working for some other company's customer service department, but if you actually want a career where you can grow and move up within the company, this is not the place for you.
Advice: See the cons, then make appropriate action plans based on that.
Pros: * Great dental and vision.
* Great assistance programs.
* Good food on campus that is cost effective Nice campus and campus amenities (gym, medical offices, coffee and juice bar, walking trail, etc).
*I would recommend working for Apple if you've got the education and experience related to developing the products and services that Apple sells, however I do read/hear that for SWEs there is zero work/life balance, though well compensated.

Cons: You don't always get to pick your schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Apple takes care of their employees. 
Discounts for Employees and Friends and Family
Retirement
Medical Benefits
Paid time off

Cons: Retail. No one likes retail
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule. Mental health is taken seriously

Cons: none to mention at this time
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: unnecessary stress at times 
long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: great people to work
great challenges

Cons: management is messy of this group
Advice: None
Pros: nice co-workers, prof environment, good benefit

Cons: Nothing bad..great across the board
Advice: N/A
Pros: Best place to work for.

Cons: There is nothing in the Apple phone room but misery, regret, and anxiety. You will be micromanaged on everything and persistently treated as if you are a child attempting to skirt the responsibility of the job itself. You will also be given metrics that are impossible to achieve, like “did you fix the customer?”. Apple sets itself apart from other phone rooms by having every department in the phone room cross trained in every other department of the phone room. Quiet hiring is a term used recently in the media. This way, you take on the responsibility of supporting other departments, and fulfilling the role of other positions, while keeping your same position and pay. You will very quickly be trained to support every Apple device, across every Apple service. This way they keep us at their goal of 100% productivity. Want to prove yourself and put in multiple years of service? There is no escaping the phone room. You will be worked until burn-out, and then you will seek any escape possible.
Advice: Most management is great there.
Pros: Benefits Campus has a nice cafeteria, gym, ect.

Cons: Long hours. not enough PTO for part time
Advice: Apple could pay their employees $140 per hour and still be a trillion dollar company. 
Pros: Good benefits 
Good people 
Good place to learn

Cons: They cater to Whiny Gen-Z babies
Advice: I support protective and safe environments for people:  I do not like when people are allowed tonwraponoze being a victim.
Pros: Great products, enjoy the customers, good pay, benefits

Cons: The job was very time consuming
Advice: None
Pros: The job was a great experience.

Cons: there's literally no cons, join apple has been a life changing experience
Advice: None
Pros: free food, free housing, merch, lots of people to meet

Cons: very hectic work schedule throughout
Advice: None
Pros: company with good growth and learning

Cons: long hours, especially if remote and in a different timezone.
Advice: None
Pros: part of a cultural phenomenon. work hard, play hard.

Cons: No commission or bonuses for exceeding goals
Advice: None
Pros: The support you receive from your internal stakeholders is unparalleled

Cons: It's a little difficult to move up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are great- transportation, pay, health care

Cons: Limit to my hourly weeks.
Advice: None
Pros: Has great benefits and discounts for products and stock.

Cons: They know you can do better elsewhere and don’t care if you leave because their applicant pool is so great.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, excellent leadership training.

Cons: Difficult upward mobility at times
Advice: None
Pros: Wide range of growth and development tools, high bar and standards

Cons: bad politics and constant re-org
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and fine working environment

Cons: It’s retail, if you have a family it’s tough to miss weekend activities.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, and personal growth to add to your resume.

Cons: When launching a new project, hours can be long.
Advice: Don’t let the speed of execution stop you from taking time to share gratitude.
Pros: The core values of this company run deep. Coworkers are an amazing support network. I have to demonstrate deep expertise in my field but I am also constantly learning and challenged.

Cons: Micromanaging seems to be a theme for Leads and for those of which have who are in a lead experience. Innovation is preached constantly but never fostered practically and almost discouraged if the manager/supervisor has to remember anything. One on one temperature check meetings are a little often forgotten.
Advice: Practice innovation and welcome it wholeheartedly not just treating it as an extracurricular but honor the innovator with grace rather than being quick to dismiss it. Also be accountable to your meetups being fine to admit managerial errors as they happen. Be about the greedo set in place. Make a plan with and for exiting employees that doesn’t prioritize negative feedback on their way out.
Pros: Coworkers are all invested and interesting people. There is a lot of freedom when you are in an interaction. Teaching sessions works out great if you are passionate about serving your students. Part time benefits are awesome too!!!

Cons: The cons about working at Apple are, the hours, if you are in retail and the hours if you work in office. As a salary employee you are expected to work 50-60 hours a week.
Advice: Develop your team so that you don't have to work 50-60 hours per week.
Pros: One of the best reasons for working at Apple is that they develop skills that are transferable to any other industry.

Cons: Retail job and hours so work life balance is non existent
Advice: Looking at employees body of work rather than people who brown nose could make for better people in elevated roles
Pros: Great Benefits and pay for retail. Family feel.

Cons: Only really rewards based on how long you worked there, barely rewards on quality
Advice: None
Pros: Decent amount of time off

Cons: The employee training could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, definitely enjoy being there

Cons: You are able to set blocks of time where you are unavailable to come in, but schedules are pretty randomized.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for with solid benefits. Genuine care for their employees and want to help you grow.

Cons: Extremely long hours, expected to perform at 100% always
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot, meet great people

Cons: bad culture background and etc
Advice: None
Pros: good salary package and nice people

Cons: Manager not supporting to the moving on. They want to make you do as much as they can at your level.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent staff, work benefits and phone perks are great. Stock RSU

Cons: No commission. This is a huge one. Apple says it would ruin the culture but I don't believe that. You could divvy up a tiny percentage of total store sales and disperse that evenly throughout every employee in the store. There's a huge push to sell Apple Care and getting customers linked up with the Apple Business Team. Very limited amount of roles within the store and despite what you are told, the path to Corporate is likely 3-5 years no matter how awesome you are. No time off during launch season and the holidays. Working from September through the end of the year was an awful whirlwind. The pay is pretty low. This would be a great job for someone who just graduated High School but for other people with more years of experience in the workforce it's kind of painful.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple was a surprisingly great company to work for. They offer part-time employees benefits and there are a lot of resources available. The products kind of sell themselves and 90% of the customers you interact with in the store are pleasant.

Cons: Scheduling issues, it was hard to manage both school/work/life. Could never really get weekends off.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work with, very diverse group of professionals.

Cons: very liberal to the point that you watch your tongue if you have varying view points not a lot of career progression past a certain point ( I worked in a smaller store)
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits pretty good pay depending on your age great environment

Cons: work life balance was awful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the time spent there

Cons: -everything. its apple. soulless greenwashing corporation -your treated like a prisoner who is chained to your computer. want a bathroom break? nope. came back from lunch 5 minutes late? sucks to suck, but here is a penality and if you do it again your fired -phony forced culture of positivity when in reality all apple does is rips its customers off with terrible policies -customers call you up and curse you out since they bought bad apple products, which makes sense -lots of insane policies that make no sense
Advice: Just dont
Pros: -fun coworkers -you get to use their shiny computers -decent health care

Cons: Work life balance is very rough, expectations to always be available is ingrained in the culture
Advice: None
Pros: The caliber of EPMs at Apple are extremely high
A lot of people who work at the company are at the top of their fields

Cons: Room for growth 
Hard to get noticed
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible
Inclusive
Benefits
Comfortable 
Meet interesting people

Cons: Process Oriented at some times
Advice: None
Pros: Large scale projects, RSU's,Stable stock, Apple products

Cons: Management isn’t consistent in stopping racism in the retail stores. Both from customers and managers
Advice: Focus on equity and ensure multilingual employees are properly credited for their support. Hire more people of color into management and senior management positions.
Pros: Benefits support well being in multiple ways.

Cons: Sometimes customer can be really rude
Advice: None
Pros: Overall not bad, great place to work while in school

Cons: Intense work pace: Apple is known for having an intense and demanding work culture, with tight deadlines and high expectations. Pressure for results: As a data engineer, you may face constant pressure to produce results and innovative solutions quickly.
Advice: My advice for management is to prioritize work-life balance for employees while maintaining a culture of innovation and excellence. It's important to set realistic goals and deadlines, and to provide adequate resources and support to help employees achieve those goals. Additionally, fostering a culture of open communication and feedback can help create a positive and collaborative work environment that promotes growth and development for both the company and its employees.
Pros: Growth opportunities: Apple is one of the most innovative companies in the world, which means there are many opportunities to grow and learn as a data engineer. Salary and benefits: Apple is known for offering competitive salaries and excellent benefits to its employees, including health insurance, retirement plan, paid leave, and much more.

Cons: Strong discrimination issue from certain personal.
Advice: None
Pros: Most of the colleagues are friendly.

Cons: No work life balance; as a manager and senior, you have enough work to take home. And if you don’t, you’re behind and it’s challenging to catch up.
Advice: None
Pros: They compensate well; have extensive wellness programs; retail store leadership team is hourly so you receive overtime

Cons: Leases have spoiled culture everywhere
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomous work is enjoyable by all

Cons: its okay to be alone sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: i love it very much

Cons: They will "exit" you if you are old, white, straight, and conservative, esp if you are vocal with ideas toward improving policies and procedures. I can't think of any other reason why they gave me the cold shoulder.
Advice: Listen to employees who do their jobs day to day for ways to improve internal and external customer experience - management and senior management in retail have no clue how work with teams working outside retail parameters.
Pros: Easy to take advantage of woke policies at company for your benefit.

Cons: Their pay "raises" are very minimal. Doesn't account for inflation. Moving from sales specialist to technical specialist is considered a "promotion" but not really. No pay raise, however there is an interview process.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. The best people to work alongside.

Cons: Poor training, lack of innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home seems ok.

Cons: Consistently difficult customers in tech support
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits and company support

Cons: In a retail aspect, little to no weekends off as part time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, development, all around great.

Cons: lots of lifer engineers so not a ton of room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: intelligent colleagues, solid work life balance, people have priorities right in life

Cons: - Work-life balance
- Micromanagement from leadership
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits
- Competitive Pay

Cons: None that I can think of, really.
Advice: None
Pros: Really excellent as far as retail environments go. I learned a lot of lessons here that helped me when I transitioned to a corporate career environment. Great benefits, too.

Cons: buzzwords, passive aggressive leadership, aggressive leadership
Advice: work along side your employees, stop belittling your team
Pros: lots to learn, great teammates, never boring

Cons: There are several people that are very territorial.
Advice: None
Pros: They have a boomerang program where every other year you can try out a new team without prior experience

Cons: Holiday hours and abiding to mall hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, awesome staff, supportive management

Cons: No con available for this role
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive environment, helpful, flexible, Time management

Cons: Nothing to complaint in my case
Advice: None
Pros: Famous company and great pay

Cons: Retail gets old very quick
Advice: Just because you guys have people with bachelor degrees working for you does not mean you are the best company in the world. It just means they need a job while they're looking for a career.
Pros: Discounts on apple products &amp; insurance

Cons: long hours, oftentimes working overtime to get stuff done
Advice: None
Pros: good company, interesting work on hardware

Cons: Michael Scott as a boss
Advice: None
Pros: great 
fun
just like the office tv show

Cons: Work/life balance can be hard in a retail setting. Management varies depending on the store location.
Advice: Take into consideration your employee's feedback and take initiative to implement change whenever possible.
Pros: Great benefits, perks, and co-workers are great!

Cons: Very slow paced Quite outdated tech Leadership very risk averse
Advice: My opinion is an ml team should be experimental centric, prioritising in shorten experiment cycle, and not be too conservatives even for experiments.
Pros: Good work life balance Apple wellness is great

Cons: Not all that great of a compensation.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Atmosphere to work in.

Cons: It's a large company with its own issues, but no specific cons for me.
Advice: Keep doing what you doing!
Pros: Great company, culture, and values. My manager were also caring and approchable.

Cons: long time working hours, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and flexile, good people

Cons: Growth-Limits
Competition
Needs of Business First
Advice: better communication and understanding.
Pros: Benefits
Talented Coworkers
Vacation and Time Off

Cons: Busy at times and customers can be mad. Typical Retail.
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed and willing to help team

Cons: Hard to move up very hard
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work I’d say they work with you on your development

Cons: No ‘cons’ to speak of.
Advice: Keep being great!
Pros: Apple is unlike working for any other company; their team members really care about doing a good job. There are so many amazing benefits working at Apple that boost already good compensation.

Cons: No room for advancement  or lateral movement
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home and decent salary

Cons: Management can be a hit or miss, associates are either excited about their job, or have been there so long and hates it (so that energy can be a let down), its connected to a mall, customer can be annoying, there were some shootings at the time.
Advice: Keep being transparent about numbers, and providing feedback.
Pros: Amazing benefits, a little above average pay for a retail space, always learning and training opportunities, potential growth (or at least clear steps that you can attempt), recently renovated store.

Cons: The only con I can currently think of is the internal hiring process. Sometimes opportunities to move up may be unorganized and difficult however I can imagine that anywhere
Advice: None
Pros: I currently work part-time at apple and I couldn't be more satisfied with how things are going. The pay is pretty great, the benefits are great, and the team I work with is. great as well too

Cons: Overworked and you can burn out if you don’t manage your schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Great team work and benefits consistently

Cons: Customers
Black Friday
IPhone Release Days
High Standard
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Environment
Coworker
Managers
Opportunities 
Location

Cons: Prefer speed over good software engineering practices
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Job security
Nice people

Cons: I honestly have no idea.
Advice: None
Pros: There must be something good

Cons: Don't always get full hours. Longer to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Limited opportunities for professional development - especially in Apple retail, high turnover rates, high stress, a very strict attendance policy, and low morale among employees due to continued push to meet storewide sales goals.
Advice: Please provide clearer paths for professional development to retail employees.
Pros: Good benefits and discounts coupled with a fun and engaging work environment. Apple retail is a great place for building customer service skills. The company is committed to diversity and inclusion. Helping customers can be extremely rewarding, especially when customers are finding out new features for the first time. You feel like you're really helping people.

Cons: Long hours and not enough pay
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, really feels like a family!

Cons: Pay gap is higher than other companies.
compensation also seems like pennies
Advice: Employee pay gap should be fixed.
Pros: Great benefits and employee support.

Cons: Nothing bad other than long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Some good some bad overall good

Cons: Management was a joke and would choose the worst people to hire for larger roles. If management didn't like you they would change your schedule to the worst floor positions Literally just management. IT IS A JOKE.
Advice: Hire better people for management roles They would promote technicians who knew nothing about the product and thus they would make horrible recommendations to the customers
Pros: Great Benefits Some Amazing Co-workers Work/Life Balance Super Easy Work if you know technology

Cons: They do not really have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy Workspace environment with tentative support staff.

Cons: Dealing with Apple and people
Advice: Nope nothing can help it
Pros: Discounts, possible stock, company name

Cons: Long shifts and having to deal with irate customers.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was decent and management was okay.

Cons: Mandatory RTO for 3 days
Advice: None
Pros: Stable stock value and thanksgiving/Xmas one week break

Cons: Feels like high school and no autonomy. They are tracking you every minute and no growth with little pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good to invest in the employee stock program if you can and good discounts on apple products

Cons: it’s a fast paced and demanding work environment
Advice: None
Pros: friendly coworkers and we get discounts for products

Cons: unsettling informative unemotional pro crash
Advice: None
Pros: Have a good drive and

Cons: Could do better with 401K benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Has a open door policy to connect with leadership team

Cons: juvenile working environment, racist managers, retaliation in the work place from managers against employees, multiple sexual harassment investigations against senior managers in the store. A completely awful environment, met with alot of uncomfortable situations.
Advice: I believe that apple corporate needs to reevalute who they are hiring as the store managers and supervisors, as they are the people who shape the store and shape the outcome of employee performance but also the atmosphere. I believe that there should be a quarterly review of the managers. As well as the investigations shouldnt just dissappear or dissolve without addressing the entire store on the status of the outcome. Managers should be terminated for discriminations, retaliation, and harassment.
Pros: The pros were the endless resources on the peoples page for all apple employees, learning how to repair technology and troubleshoot infront of customers, and transportation reimbursements. The starting pay in NY for the technical specialist role $22.50 and goes up every 6 months, by the time I resigned I was getting paid $25.75

Cons: Some Management Issues
Coaching
Sales Goals
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Benefits 
Stocks
People 
Health
Training

Cons: Dealing with customers can take a toll on mental health if not handled properly.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Takes care of you and tries to meet all needs.

Cons: Need more vacation days to take time off
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and team

Cons: Just the same challenges that any company of this size that has to maintain a modicum of secrecy around unreleased products and service offerings. That is: • Silos and disparate objectives between engineering group • Corporate doublespeak creates some confused directives • Certain departments have leadership that doesn't understand modern Agile project management expectations
Advice: Keep it up. This is a good company. The feedback culture is unique and makes employees feel valued.
Pros: The company has a great heart and the commitment to the customer experience is really unmatched. The leadership is generally good people who want to do right by people. The HR team puts employees first. They way senior leadership has dealt with the environment of layoffs has been amazing. It creates some unusual loyalty amongst the staff.

Cons: Not Good stuff going on at Apple
Advice: None
Pros: Good stuff going on at Apple

Cons: not that I could think of
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, discount products for employees

Cons: terrible managers
no work life quality
no backfills
Advice: They need to hire more people
Pros: great benefits
ok pay for most positions

Cons: There are no cons for this
Advice: None
Pros: A great company to work with

Cons: Poor software engineering practices
Too much emphasis on secrecy and leaking product announcements
Advice: None
Pros: Heavy discount on Apple products
Very good pay
Nice people
Impactful work

Cons: A big con was that there were no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Love being a pit boss

Cons: Some managers are tackless and negate ownership of miscommunication. I initially didn't care, but over time, the amount of "Apple Kool-Aid" these people attempt to dose out is gross. The pay and benefits are great, but working for a trillion-dollar company, you know they could do more (more vacation/sick hrs, covered healthcare, steeper discounts (more than 25%)..etc). There is no commission (a "pro" in many regards), but management still pushes numbers (hard)-- the reason being, they receive incentive bonuses on floor numbers. Even writing this out, I see the ultimate "con" to be how slimy the job can feel. Per standard retail employment, expect to work weekends, evenings, and long hours. Least to mention how insanely busy the store can be during product launches and holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Great starting pay for a job that requires no prior experience ($22/hr); plus great health benefits (at PT + FT), employee discount (up to 25%), and people. The Keystone store has some solid managers and coworkers on both the sales and tech sides. If you are FWE, your chance of employment post-contract is 50/50.

Cons: Low pay Not movement &amp; little promotions No perks like other tech companies (food, snacks, open spaces for breaks limited )
Advice: Listen to all analysts not only those who wanted to be friends of management, that creates a culture of favoritism and nepotism which is a lot common to see. A good work atmosphere is not only for friends of management.
Pros: Flexible schedule Understanding management at some level Okay benefits Not as stressful as other departments in this company

Cons: Moving a lot, no time to breathe
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture, flexible schedule

Cons: Bureaucracy, Political, Hesitant to do the right thing
Advice: Listen to your people. Don't wait until they go on leave until you act. There are a lot of great leaders at Apple, but there are far too many mediocre ones and way too many bad ones for a company of this stature.
Pros: Smart People, Powerful Brand, World Class

Cons: Not enough hours to accommodate
Advice: hold people accountable or nobody will learn.
Pros: good people with great attitudes

Cons: Growth in retail is a bit limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Great support
Great people
Great benefits

Cons: they are out of touch with reality. the managers act like your friends but will screw you over at an opportunity.
Advice: stand up for your employees more instead of being corporate pawns.
Pros: alright pay. nice area. some cool coworkers.

Cons: Can get stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Very disciplined execution and runs like a well oiled machine

Cons: Not many. Travel to CA, assist in retail stores with hours that are not 9am-5pm.
Advice: Add more bonuses! flex on work/life balance
Pros: Join Apple for literally hundreds of benefits, corporate development and team and peer support. A+

Cons: Apple could do better at blending the various departments to provide more seamless service to Business customers. Apple could also do better at managing turnover and better trained managers to understand how to better run store Business Teams.
Advice: You have created a mgt atmosphere in Retail Stores that is cut throat and all about rapidly progressing to the next promotion. You are too quick to look over or even run away good steady performers that were delivering great in store performance &amp; teamwork. To much emphasis is placed on “over performers” and high achievers who are anxious to get the next promotion - this adds to overall turnover, inconsistent leadership, and the tendency to cut corners and play fast and loose with company policies. The prior distinction of us versus “Big Box” competitors is fast going away.
Pros: Providing Business Customers with innovative technology and tools to better compete in the market place. Help a large array of customers from small to large, with numerous needs and problems to address. Training of products and ways to use Apple Technology is first rate.

Cons: The only thing that makes
Advice: None
Pros: Good, but the only way

Cons: Alot of customers will come and alot of customer traffic
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits along side great pay

Cons: There is no guarantee of a return offer. Because everything is team based, it really depends on how well you're able to make connections and find a team with available headcount which I think is fine, just know it in advance.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working at Apple. Their intern program is great and it's a huge opportunity to learn from better software engineers if you let it be. Plus, the campuses are beautiful.

Cons: Outdated remote policy 
Lateral team moves nearly impossible
Advice: None
Pros: You'll learn a lot here. Work is incredibly challenging and there isn't much hand holding
Great comp

Cons: Fewer perks such as free food
Advice: None
Pros: The salaries and benefits are generous, I feel valued

Cons: Hours are not consistent and work life balance is limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are amazing for retail.

Cons: Need abit extra dedication and skilled to sustain.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work with motivational team.

Cons: No social life and party
Advice: None
Pros: Nice inspirational environment for working

Cons: very competitive and sometimes feel swamped with work
Advice: listen to employees more
Pros: good pay and great community

Cons: Very low paid and bad management
Advice: Na
Pros: Good in resume to have

Cons: -random scheduling -have to work at least one weekend day -the customers are incredibly rude and entitled -incredibly understaffed -metrics are recorded and you’re constantly told how you are doing -little upward mobility even though that’s something they say they have. -works with Sedgewick, one of the worst companies with the worst leave policies.
Advice: There needs to be more full time opportunities. Stop the union busting. Hire more people. Pay us more.
Pros: -decent hourly pay for the job -some flexibility with scheduling -paid sick and vacation time -discount on apple products -free apple services

Cons: Some customers can be difficult to work with, lack of consistent schedule and need to work nights and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great overall products and services to use and recommend to others, very diverse team to work with, learn information and get to help many people

Cons: Absolutely miserable work dealing with horrid customers
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits that only got better (via complaints unfortunately)

Cons: Very busy but time flies by
Customers could be super rude sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is very competitive
Culture is great
management cares for you

Cons: Bad training curriculum and advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Good positive atmosphere and peers

Cons: Management does communicate and never aligns with Apple policies. They say they care about their employees mental health and wellbeing but when it actually comes down to serious life problems they turn away. Unsupportive and could careless what you’re going through. The work load is insane, you’ll be dealing with a lot of disgruntled customers. While you might be getting paid decent, it doesn’t make up for the mental abuse you’ll have to take from customers. Managers will not be there to support either. They like to turn their backs on you in situations like that.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and great pay

Cons: bureaucracy, stack ranking, lack of transparency, politics
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, caring employer, nice colleagues

Cons: Apple removed the option for retail employee to climb up to corporate.
Advice: Continue to listen and learn from your employees
Pros: Apple trained me to be a teacher, as well as an iOS and MacOS expert. Highly recommend.

Cons: -Hard to get time off in retail
-Development limited and competitive
-Some leadership may sometimes lack core experience in the departments they lead.
Advice: None
Pros: -Good Benefits
-Good Discount
-Flexible for students
-Inclusive Culture

Cons: Lip service. You are sold on the idea that the opportunities are limitless, but what they don't say, is, if you're will to jump through these hoops, play the politics, and are okay with being diminished. While there I experienced racism from customers, on more than one occasion, and when attempting to address it, you get the run around, and then they asked me to prove it, and to get others to testify about their racist encounters that were tolerated. I tried, but I kept getting the same response, "I tried to talk to them about it, and they brushed it off."
Advice: Actually listen to your team members.
Pros: The Pay, and some flexibility with the schedule, if you're in school.

Cons: no one seems to move up
Advice: None
Pros: high hourly pay and friendly work environment

Cons: Way too busy, not enough help.
Advice: None
Pros: Working from home, flexible schedules if you did good.

Cons: Everyone wants to work for Apple so you may not get it your first time.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing experience where you get to work with some truly inspirational people.

Cons: I don't have any complaints
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay here, good management

Cons: Strict on hitting numbers and does not focus on growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and Good pay

Cons: politics strict traditional no agile
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay
Good work culture

Cons: Retail hours, Fussy customers occasionally
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for college student to work

Cons: Little work life-balance and support.
Advice: Provide more opportunities for vacation so employees are not burned out.
Pros: Lots of development and learning to grow.

Cons: Lots of work. Forget weekend.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of money. Work hard play hard.

Cons: Extremely long working hours, chaotic/lack of standard processes, lack of job role definitions, routine night calls internationally, international travel 25-35% of time
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom to work how you think best, great perks, great benefits, great pay, world-class co-workers

Cons: Lack of AC all in All good
Advice: n/z
Pros: Food and Water free and good coffee

Cons: Open offices are noisy. Headphones are required.
Advice: Give me a quiet place to work, and I'll stay for another 20 years!
Pros: I've been a software engineer at Apple for 10+ years, and it's a great place to work except for one huge flaw: Almost all of their work environments are open offices. It's impossible to concentrate, and almost everybody complains about it. Nearly every open seating area is full of people wearing headphones, and you don't even have enough desk space to view your monitor and laptop side-by-side. If you decide to apply for a job here, be sure to ask one question in your interview: "Will Apple provide me a quiet workplace where I can concentrate without having to wear headphones?" I love Apple, and if they'll fix this problem with their offices, I'll probably stay for the rest of my career. Otherwise, I'll most likely leave within a year.

Cons: Nothing all was great here
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot it’s a great company

Cons: Working culture will vary from dept to dept, from team to team.
Advice: None
Pros: Will work, learn, and communicate a lot.

Cons: A lot of work and micromanaging
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, a lot of work to do

Cons: BUSY
High workload
Customer conflicts are daily
Advice: None
Pros: Structured employee development
Excellent benefits
Fair pay

Cons: Highly political, and too much dated process
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation and very impactful work

Cons: Pretty strict. Weird growth tracts
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great benefits, pay is good. Work is work

Cons: - Stressful - Salary good, but not particularly competitive with similar companies - Senior mgmt tends to give priority to business decisions and design over pure engineering concerns
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits - Driven, competitive environment - Ample resources for work - Surprisingly unrestrictive for such a huge corp.

Cons: stressful and long hours and high pressure
Advice: None
Pros: innovation and great team culture

Cons: not much room for negotiations for internship pay
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, overtime pay, cool work environment, smart people

Cons: tough to climb up ladder
Advice: None
Pros: company give lost of development opportunity

Cons: Lack of work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation and collaboration, fast paced.

Cons: Politics can completely consume projects requiring a lot of additional effort. Lots of layers of management in some areas. Stupid return to office policy with no data driving any of the process.
Advice: Flatten the org's so that there are clear lines of communication about what's going on. Allow teams to set their own more-liberal remote policies
Pros: RSUs Product discounts Engaged employees in many parts of the company Room to explore

Cons: The commute was a hassle.
Advice: None
Pros: It was an enjoyable experience.

Cons: Alexa is getting tougher to expalin
Advice: Be bop a lula she's my baby
Pros: Great hours great hours great

Cons: no cons currently. have been happy
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work and i love it

Cons: Managers would stand outside the bathroom timing how long employees were in there. Any time you called in you were “letting down the team.” The store manager was manipulative and had weird boundaries with female employees. One manager had zero empathy for mothers and eventually quit after she had children claiming it was “too much.” There are definitely favorite employees such as a part timer who was conveniently moved to full time (receiving benefits including maternity leave) less than a week before having a baby and then had a position “created for her upon return.” It was just a wild place to spend multiple years of my life trying to attain something that was never possible. There was constant talk of positivity and assuming positive intent but most of the managers were not doing that for their own employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great insurance, benefits, amazing co-workers.

Cons: I do not have any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and perks for workers

Cons: Schedule was rough so to being retail
Advice: None
Pros: Great people 
Big growth 
Constantly learning 
Loved it

Cons: Unorganized / chaotic at times
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyable work environment
Smart colleagues
Good work / life balance

Cons: Scheduling was difficult to work around as a part time worker and full time student. Had to advocate hard for myself to get down to 20hrs per week.
Advice: None
Pros: Working there was a positive experience with coworkers and management that always had your back and were there to support you. The work is interesting and engaging, especially if you like customer interaction.

Cons: Some political games when trying to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Development, challenging, benefits, pay, work life balance

Cons: Not the company for entrepreneurs. Your ideas are owned by Apple when you work there. Furthermore, Apple hires micromanagers in retail to keep you in line. If you want to do something innovative, you will be shot down. Very small-minded management. It works for them, obviously - the Apple experience is fairly consist at across all locations, but if you are not one to drink look-aid, you will get frustrated very quick.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great company to work for if you don’t know what you want to do in life. You pretty much have job security, a low-medium salary, and lots of fun stuff to do everyday. They give you the rails to stay within, you do your job, and everyone is happy.

Cons: Can definitely work on standardising pay
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for and great culture

Cons: slow decision making process, bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: FAANG, reputation, world wide known, technologies

Cons: No room for growth, micromanaged, dealing with angry customers majority of the day
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, company discounts

Cons: - Boring
- Repetitive
- The customers really make or break the job
Advice: None
Pros: - Many benefits
- Competitive pay
- Networking is easy

Cons: No pathway from Retail to Corporate. Corporate employees look down on Retail employees. No work from home opportunities even though the company is capable of creating those opportunities. Inclusive on the Retail level, not inclusive AT ALL in the corporate level.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits. Flexible hours. Pathways to Management level. Apple brand is not going anywhere.

Cons: Some downsides is the lack of guidance for advancement opportunities, they never list wages of positions so you are always shooting blind with high hopes. Work life balance isn’t the best but if you can reserve time off in advance you can make a good system for yourself
Advice: None
Pros: Great with inclusivity Very understanding of your personal life and things that unexpectedly arise. Very supportive in wages and compensation along with time away

Cons: it is high pressure usually.
Advice: None
Pros: Rate a Company is Great

Cons: Ok ok ok ok ok
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were good there :)

Cons: Toxic customers, annoying wokr schedules and low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworkers, managers and employee benefits

Cons: Internal secrecy and confidentially can mean a lot of duplication of effort at times, especially as the number of products grows. Current remote work policies also seem out of touch with the modern post-pandemic idea of work/life balance and talent retention.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great place to work in terms of innovation and culture with a functional organization structure that makes product development mostly consistent and fun.

Cons: the pay left lots to be desired
Advice: None
Pros: enjoyed interactions and environment all around

Cons: Pay 
Customers are rude 
Leadership
Pay 
Pay
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Flexibility 
Remote Work
Pays for School

Cons: Can be micro managed sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Free stocks, great company, amazing benefits and culture

Cons: managers could define store environment favoritism people define the workplace differences in pay impossible to negotiate pay no support from managers in certain instances "no retaliation policy" (no chance to defend yourself") if 10 people choose that they don't like you because of that policy a made up story could be made and you could get fired.
Advice: management needs to be very open minded at apple in order for a this company to succeed at a retail level. I understand that many other apple retails love the store and love the environment they are in and love coming into work because of how the people are and how management is. Some stores build up horrible cultures and target certain people which can be horrible. Career development at stores vary depending on how good management could develop in-store talent. I worked at 3 different stores and at my past 2 stores I loved coming into work because it felt like I wanted to be there.
Pros: good pay for retail nice people plenty of opportunities for corporate stock plan benefits

Cons: There is a lot of workload
Advice: None
Pros: The company culture is great

Cons: Sometimes noisy 
Super fast paced
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Upper management cares
Good benefits for part time
Discount
Team is solid
Everyone gets feedback
Multiple breaks

Cons: Moving up in retail or going to corporate is very difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone will tell you that it is the best you can get at a retail level.

Cons: While the culture is generally positive there is some micro passive aggression that occurs and the bigger picture usually loses the vote to low hanging fruit. The business team's ceiling is fairly low. There are two roles, Business Expert and Business Pro which are pretty easy to promote through in a couple of years but after Pro there are no next steps in store for Business team members. Getting to corporate is definitely possible but requires a longer journey. Current economic situation does not help either. Internal processes lack structure as well.
Advice: There is no such thing as a one size fits all solution. Different departments / teams have different needs. Learning to adjust and tailor solutions based off of the business needs will help retain talent and keep morale high.
Pros: Positive environment, promotes healthy communication, company culture is welcoming, safe, and fun. Apple definitely changes your approach to life and encourages you to slow down and seek understanding, accept people as the unique individual they are, embrace ambiguity, and seeing opportunity in rejection, redirection, or undesired outcomes.

Cons: Mental well being is not considered
Advice: Care for your remote workers too
Pros: Great benefits and stock opportunities

Cons: Busy, fast, long days, wow
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexible, good pay, wow

Cons: management was pretty lack luster; very unorganized at times; showed favorites with work politics;
Advice: None
Pros: very fun work environment; love the people

Cons: If we don't know what we want to do, it's easy to basically paint yourself into a corner pigeon holing your development
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is nothing if not fully invested in their employees career development. As long as we take initiative to know what we want to do.

Cons: - Commute from SF to Cupertino - Lack of career progression - Slow promotions
Advice: None
Pros: - WLB ~40 hours per week - SWE has great supportive non-toxic culture - Job security

Cons: Micromanagers and strict rules for remote work
Advice: None
Pros: Fun and I enjoy working with people

Cons: Work hours and micromanagement. No balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, education opportunities, and remote work.

Cons: Apple is big an siloed so you're kinda stuck where you are if you don't internally network.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is super passionate and hardworking

Cons: The company culture was not the best.
Advice: None
Pros: Their health insurance was great.

Cons: I loved working there, no cons
Advice: Thank you!
Pros: Great people
Awesome culture
Lots of perks

Cons: work pressure is too high
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and creative with a lot of research

Cons: You can stuck on the same role for a lifetime if you don't educate your and look for better opportunities within the company.
Advice: Be upfront with employees, especially if they are overqualified. It takes more than hard work to move up in the company.
Pros: Great Benefits, great starting point.

Cons: Extremely demanding expectations and very long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Work with the most high caliber people in the industry. Opportunity to be involved in every level of the supply chain, from procurement to manufacturing to logistics.

Cons: difficult to get in sometimes
Advice: none
Pros: fun great good do it

Cons: Makes no sense to be in a retail environment for this role
Advice: working form home and visiting clients would increase revenue
Pros: Great products to sell. Working with customers is great

Cons: Lack of work life balance Frequent burn out Hostile customers Sales tactics Micromanagement
Advice: None
Pros: Meeting tons of people Connections Interview Experience Great culture Diversity and inclusion Human resources Discounts and services Competitive pay (above average for retail)

Cons: Uninspired products, no real vision for the future
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Apple Park is cool.

Cons: Absolutely have no complaints here
Advice: None
Pros: Very cool place to work

Cons: Great pay too ten in the world woohooo
Advice: None
Pros: A great place to work I mean everyone loves Allen 

Cons: -Toxic environment amongst peers leads to constant negative exchanges on Slack, iMessage, etc. and a lack of respect for your personal boundaries
- Command and control culture where executives are put on pedestals for topics they are not experts in, while actual experts' opinions are frequently suppressed 
-Company mantra is "do what's best for Apple" which plays out as secrecy and mistrust amongst your own colleagues and a serious lack of opportunities for external / public engagement
-No time for developing new skills due to constant desperation from stakeholders
-Extreme turnover leading to complex projects and tools changing hands multiple times. Nonetheless, there is an expectation that the whoever takes over can immediately speak to disorganized, poorly passed down work at an executive level
-Unsustainable number of "pre-flights" and scripted rehearsals for interactions with Director and above - as an individual contributor, you can expect to routinely have 3-5 (or more) pre-meetings before all leadership meetings. This makes it nearly impossible to keep up with the individual contributor workload.
Advice: Do a better job fostering trust, and lead by example by showing that you trust your own experts. Make a deeper effort to encourage work-life balance and bringing one's whole self to work. Not just on paper - empower folks to speak when they feel their time and energy are disrespected, and enforce consequences for individuals who exhibit hyper-aggressive behavior.
Pros: -Absolutely brilliant colleagues
-Network is second to none - this leads to new opportunities which, ironically, contributes to high turnover 
-Product discounts are the best I've seen anywhere including innumerable discounts for family and friends
-Thrilling to see your work in people's hands everywhere you go 
-Senior management is very accessible, therefore if you have an exceptional idea it will be funded and you will be recognized

Cons: Just like most retails it can be difficult at time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, and great managers to work for.

Cons: Can be exhausting during high foot traffic
Advice: None
Pros: Fun and Engaging team without a day of dull

Cons: - Even worked during the weekends
Advice: None
Pros: + Mentor was amazing + Team was good + Enough resources to conduct research + Pay was good + Accommodations were provided

Cons: Large amount of stress and Bad hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and very good insurance

Cons: some locations are more customer aligned, some are just focused on meeting numbers
Advice: None
Pros: easy to call in sick. they won't be silly and ask for a doctors note or reasons

Cons: Metrics based, can be tedious
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice pay, nice management

Cons: Retail environment, so schedules can be at odd times. Some push to achieve sales goals or metrics. Customers can be intense or rude at times.
Advice: Have set weekly schedules. Reduce friction in helping customers. Continue to support employees when dealing with difficult customers.
Pros: Great benefits for part time. Healthcare, stock, tuition support, etc. Starting pay decent for entry level position.

Cons: Not much corporate support when dealing with known product issues
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of cool and talented coworkers

Cons: Apple wrongfully terminated an employee who showed evidence of them being pursued and being manipulated and lied too. And left that person with no information for over 3 weeks or asked for any other evidence. They chose to fire them without having all the information and having misinformation. That coworker was terminated with false information and misplaced info given to apple. They used that person to set an example due to just a few weeks before that investigation a news article came out of apple that apple has failed to handle harassment conduct. That co worker was set up and had all the evidence and they still chose to fire that employee. But the other party involved nothing was done to them and they broke business conduct. The other party she sent nudes to a coworker without asking, pursued the male coworker making it seem like she was interested in them, and would express how she liked them. To then claim she never was into them and there were messages to prove. But because the man did not make the claim and was manipulated into thinking he was liked he was turned on and terminated under wrongful terms.
Advice: Actually look out for their employees, they're a lot of misconduct that happens at the workplace daily and no one says a thing. People are actually harassed and do not know how to handle it. It not only women but men are actually manipulated too at work and then used as examples or being set up.
Pros: some pros are Pay, benefits and stock purchase plan.

Cons: No development 
Schedule is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Stock options
Good healthcare 
Many locations

Cons: There is a "culture" and usually helps if you can adapt to it. Also, again, if not a people person, you might not like your time in retail and most corporate jobs here.
Advice: None
Pros: A great company to work for if you're the right person. If you are not good with people at all, this job may not be for you. Personal and communications skills are a must to enjoy or at least be efficient at a role here.

Cons: working hours are quite long
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and rsu options

Cons: Very demanding and the work life balance wasn't ideal. 
Advice: None
Pros: Perks were amazing and the people were great. 

Cons: expensive area to live in
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment and culture

Cons: Sometimes the parking can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: People, values, leadership, opportunities to make a difference

Cons: No cons so far
N/A
Advice: None
Pros: Good total compensation
Good perks

Cons: Too serious at times for what it is
Advice: None
Pros: Not a bad job, nice pay, decent hours

Cons: None that I noticed off the bat
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits for sure

Cons: There are no cons. Honestly
Advice: None
Pros: Environment! Projects. Just a great place to work

Cons: So much to do at this level
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work for innovation

Cons: Some managers don’t like to hear noise from home activities during call observations
Advice: None
Pros: Continuing education is constant and purposeful

Cons: too much pressure and tight deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues and good pay

Cons: workload is high pay isn't great customer reviews play too much of an impact on schedules
Advice: put less importance on Customer reviews
Pros: Lots of opportunities stock options health benefits

Cons: Why will you need the discounts..?!? Because you’ll never see anyone you love and care about ever again..!! They are slave drivers, who hire approximately 85% of their staff as “part-time” (with the promise of full time, but that’s just your basic corporate scam), but work them at almost a 40 hour week, every week, except the last two of each quarter. See, they follow California state law for employment, which states you can work a part-time employee as many hours as you want, as long as the last two weeks of the quarter average below 25 hours a week. Sooo…. Good luck with a vacation, they don’t exist (work/life what..?!?). They do this to get as much work from their employees as possible, without having to pay them full time hourly rates and benefits. Plus… Because you’re not listed as full time, you’re not eligible for short-term disability, regular price break points on health insurance, proper sick time, regular vacation breaks (outside of a day off here and there, they are closed two days a year, Christmas &amp; Thanks Giving, outside of that, I’ve seen people fired for asking for a week to spend time with their families), regular unemployment, really nothing but two cotton shirts with an Apple logo on them, twice a year. My manager, nor ANY of the managers at the store, OR when I transferred to phone support from home, had ANY CLUE AT ALL about employment law and what you can &amp; can not ask or say to an employee, what proper break hours are for hours worked, the reverse sexual and racial discrimination is MINDBLOWING…. The list goes on and on and on. I’ve been in the business world for 33 years and I can honestly say… Worst employment experience I’ve ever had in my entire life, just a miserable, MISERABLE environment..!!!
Advice: Use part of that three trillion a year to treat your employees as members of the human race.
Pros: Very nice (yes, I intentionally used exceptionally basic words) ability to buy into Apple’s stock plan at 15% below the close price of the stock on a biannual basis, set at the end of January and July. Ability to use a plethora of 15% off family &amp; friends discounts right from the start, well…. After 90 days. For most items, it’s 10 items a year you can give your 15% off discount away and trust me… You’ll need it..!!

Cons: Lots of mean and dorky individuals who try to show off by dismissing others
Advice: None
Pros: Fun and interesting job, some really cool people and a good manager

Cons: General retail gripes: The hours are all over the place (7am-4pm one day, 10am-9pm the next day, etc.) Customers can truly suck the life out of you. Store culture is directly influenced by the Store Manager. If you have an understanding manager, then it's all good. But I've heard horror stories at other locations. No tipping from customers allowed. The internal interview process is confusing and inconsistent. You are treated like you are interviewing for a corporate leadership role, even if applying for a full-time position from part-time at the same experience level. It's just retail, folks!
Advice: More schedule flexibility. Better pay, especially in larger markets.
Pros: Best retail job you could have. Nice benefits, vacation and sick leave, even for part timers. Discounted stock buy-in options, nice discounts on personal purchases, fun environment. All inclusive and supportive of LGBTQ+, minority groups, etc.

Cons: Be prepared to work really hard under a lot of micromanagement. You will have to deal with a lot of people and social interaction, some of which will be conflicts. It is difficult to move up within the company past a certain point. Like it would be easier to become a manager there by being a manager at a different retail store and applying then trying to rise from within. You can go from sales to technician pretty easily though.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits. The pay is decent for a job that doesn't require a college degree. The training is great and will help you in future jobs.

Cons: Work life balance can be improved, but it could also simply be working within Finance
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, smart, hardworking people and opportunities to move teams to explore a different type of finance (Retail, Corporate, Sales, etc)

Cons: Company refuses to hire enough people to do the work High-stress environment Endless pressure to talk about key metric topics without being given adequate time to do them Highly inconsistent schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Fairly good pay Good team

Cons: No cons I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours Great Benefits Lots of opportunities for growth.

Cons: - Exposure to rude customers
Advice: None
Pros: - Tuition Reimbursement - Career Development - Many intern opportunities - Employee Discounts

Cons: Can be tiresome. Long hours sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and pay.

Cons: Teams are very siloed, so you don't really communicate or work with others outside your immediate fellow engineers. Management style therefore is highly variable between teams. SWE pay is still top of the industry, but lags behind a select few companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong name on resume. Good cafeteria food. Growth opportunities are plentiful. Work-life balance varies depending on season (summers are more lax) and team. Work is never boring.

Cons: non-hq get less resources and oppotunity
Advice: None
Pros: good wlb, good local pay

Cons: very demanding with a ton of metrics to chase.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay for job not requiring a degree

Cons: Hours, salary, hard to grow within the company,
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, benefits, knowledge, adding apple to your resume

Cons: No pros to share at this current time
Advice: None
Pros: Great people great values and great work environment with benefits

Cons: Dry promotions always. People leave and others who are already overworked absorb the work, modern slavery if you will.
Advice: Set your employees up for success, they work hard and often sacrifice personal time for a “good job” only.
Pros: The benefits are great and the campus is beautiful.

Cons: Hard to get promoted. Undertones of caring for people being outweighed by businsss. Same as all retailers.
Advice: Stand behind culture and values instead of just preaching it
Pros: Great benefits and people. Stock plan is amazing and discount on Apple products for self and friends and family.

Cons: Very siloed organization, Less career growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic pay, Good benefits, decent team dynamics

Cons: Every store is different when it comes to leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and benefits. Awesome co-workers.

Cons: Internal politics can create inertia and frustration.
Advice: None
Pros: The ability to develop software that impacts millions of people.

Cons: Heavy work metrics, can get really really busy, customers sometimes treat you like garbage.
Advice: If they dont want apple, they don't f*!@%!ing want applecare. I hate pushing it down people's throats.
Pros: Great team, amazing benefits, good culture, and good vibes.

Cons: Politics should not be talked about at work
Advice: Stop putting politics into the office
Pros: The health benefits are amazing

Cons: Need better pay for hospitality team and those who are not engineers that works for the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Top company to work for

Cons: Working in a mall is horrible. Also, when you have a store front that holds 200 people and they fit 400 in there is a horrible experience. I would not recommend if you do not like large crowds or very loud areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. Pay and benefits are exceptional.

Cons: nothing to say here now
Advice: None
Pros: To work on great products

Cons: You are forced to leave the company after 5-7 years - sometimes they offer you career "advice" to leave the company and try something new
Advice: If you hate your job, quit! Someone's future is in your hands
Pros: I learned a lot during my employment at Apple

Cons: Hard work, fast paced environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Very mature design focused company.

Cons: You have to wear many different hats
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for retail work

Cons: Project deadlines, precipitous pressure can stifle innovation
Advice: Difficult time with upper management (including CEO) saying this Company is for young people. I have mentored engineers for 27 years at company, contributed to the OS, 40 years total in industry, not a company for 60 year olds, I suppose. I wish there a program for loyal, older, contributors to be offered positions with reasonable hours, without having to part with company (on amicable terms). “Demotion” is not supposed to be a bad word… more time for other things in life is not a bad thing. I don’t want to work until I drop. Therefore, I am going back to my first love, which is teaching... Math, Science, Chemistry, Physics, Languages (I only speak 8, so sorry) + Tutoring
Pros: Creative environment, do things better, different

Cons: Decisions can take a long time due to vigorous debate and need to involve too many stakeholders.
Advice: Streamline decision making process, less silo work so that duplicate efforts are identified and eliminated.
Pros: Progressive social values Environmentally responsible and a leader in corporate world in making policies that benefit change

Cons: there were not much con
Advice: None
Pros: overall i liked it apple is apple

Cons: There is no cons really
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule for the week

Cons: Lack of creative freedom Tendency to justify legacy design decisions. New design proposals are only entertained if the work is done on your own time. For the above reasons, the work may not always feel rewarding.
Advice: None
Pros: Detailed oriented work. Xf teams are great to work with and are very willing to share knowledge in their domain.

Cons: pretentious coworkers were interesting to work with
Advice: try harder
Pros: They were interesting to work for 

Cons: •Not flexible scheduling. They don’t let you choose your hours/days. With full time they let you choose your days off, but they don’t let you choose your available hours. So if you have another job or school, your screwed. This job would be good for someone who doesn’t have anything going on outside of work or you have flexible school.
Advice: None
Pros: •Very good benefits •Valued team member •Growth opportunities •Paid training

Cons: Do not want to say
Advice: None
Pros: good payment, good social image.

Cons: Nothing much to say just work
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing at apple

Cons: Burnout
Limited flexibility for part time
Retail
Long Hours
Understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Culture
People
Opportunities
Skill-building

Cons: Having to return to office and being “tracked” when you don’t hit the min of 3 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and Salary. They really care about developing their employees.

Cons: Only 12 days of vacation per year in the first 3 years at company. Incompetent AI ML platform and poor infrastructure . No Career Growth
Advice: Be more risk taking on AI ML. The world is changing fast with lightning speed of development on AI ML. If Apple does not strive hard, be more open, Apple can lose the game to Google, Microsoft, etc. Maybe Apple already lose in some areas except for Hardware.
Pros: Good compensation Good health benefits Good Culture and Friendly Poeple

Cons: You can burn out pretty easily
Advice: None
Pros: Tuitions reimbursement, benefits for part time employees,

Cons: The company has a tendency, due to the leanness of the divisions, to rely mainly on the direction of few individuals. Inconsistencies in whether key roles need to be in Cupertino or allowed to be remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment. Smart people. Ethical and honest company, truly working to make people's lives better.

Cons: Creative Pro is Apple’s fancy title for teacher, nothing creative about it.
Advice: Actually be leaders instead of feeding your team bs about working autonomously 
Pros: The benefits are really great

Cons: Too narrow on the next stage outside Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: People and culture very down to earth. Treasure human resources as precious assets as well. Appreciate that!

Cons: Ableist culture Inclusion and diversity is for optics only - in practice - tons of discrimination thinly veiled as “opportunities to work on” instead of any tangible feedback. They hold back high performers and champion mediocrity over all else.
Advice: Maybe don’t goad people you have no intention of promoting. Fake happiness helps no one. Toxic positivity has to stop. 4 day work week for actual work/life balance - other companies are doing it, you can too. Unionizing it the only way to move forward as a company. Get on board.
Pros: Better pay than other retailers Medical benefits - best in US

Cons: Hours worked the people were hard on you
Advice: None
Pros: Good management schedule was nice

Cons: Inflexible WFH options, general Bay Area headaches, some chaotic decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, competent management, great perks and relaxing atmosphere

Cons: Very org and team dependent
Advice: None
Pros: People are great to work with

Cons: Pays very little, and make no effort to
Advice: None
Pros: Not much room for development

Cons: Fast paced environment, not enough pay to live, leadership receives bonus only. No work life balance in retail schedule
Advice: Give bonus to the ppl that do the work, or spread it evenly
Pros: Benefits, decent pay, growth and development

Cons: Secretly hierarchical Pay not competitive to other tech companies
Advice: Better structure needed for projects
Pros: Nice people and culture Good work and life balance

Cons: super heavy call flow so if your looking to relax , look elsewhere lol and cx's are very rude
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits but that's about it

Cons: Terrible development for retail employees Gaslighting courtesy of Area managers No clear path to corporate Dwindling number of employees that results in double the work Killing the Creative Role and giving engaging sessions to Creative Pros only
Advice: If you take care of your employees, they will take care of your customers. Pizza parties are not nearly as good as quality of life improvements and better work/life balance
Pros: The benefits. At this point, the only reason a lot of us work here is for the benefits.

Cons: huge workload might be stressfull at times
Advice: None
Pros: amazing pay nice benefits nice enviroment

Cons: Change in management Was a little hard to adjust to
Advice: None
Pros: Work Environment is made by coworkers

Cons: Working late shifts, weekends, request time off must be done in advance.
Advice: Listen to staff needs.
Pros: -Always learning, adjusting, to hardware and software neeeds. Keeps one on your toes and everyday can change.

Cons: The amount of pay is not enough
Advice: Pay more especially when adding responsibilities to a position
Pros: Medical insurance and product discounts

Cons: Got to stay on your feet and keep up with fast pace
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and friendly staff

Cons: poor pay at the retail level
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, culture, room for grown

Cons: company has started to have more layers
Advice: None
Pros: employees are working hard to introduce new apple products every year and they care about what they do

Cons: Retail is challenging. Corporate gets more perks.
Advice: None
Pros: Great employer. Great pay and benefit package. Especially for retail

Cons: * Lost its flexibility post pandemic * Directors are never disciplined or let go. Some are good. Many are not.
Advice: None
Pros: * Smart people * Great benefits * Company values align with mine

Cons: Not much room for growth even if you are a performer has not always been this way but is now in retail
Advice: None
Pros: Pay increases not extremely challenging you learn good conversation skills

Cons: Non that i can think of now
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, development, benefits, pay, team

Cons: Stressful, short staff , 0 work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast pace environment, great benefits high tech.

Cons: hard to advance after certain position
Advice: None
Pros: fun job for college students

Cons: Long hours and no work life balance
Advice: More work life blaance
Pros: Remote work which is nice

Cons: As needed Retail hours and demanding customers can be tough. If you do not develop a thick skin for tough conversations, this is not the job for you.
Advice: None
Pros: My teammates were fantastic people that are now lifelong friends. The training Apple takes you through for customer service and technical troubleshooting skills will help you no matter what field you join.

Cons: hard to relocate, repetitive job
Advice: None
Pros: paid tuition, good health benefits, works around school schedule

Cons: I don't have anything negative to say about the company.
Advice: Management does a great job and deserves more credit.
Pros: Working with really great people that are passionate about technology. Always learning and growing.

Cons: Treated as a number instead of an employee. Overworked.
Advice: None
Pros: Top company with great benefits

Cons: -low pay -micro management -Not enough support
Advice: None
Pros: -fast paced -accuracy based -on your feet a lot

Cons: Slow to change, relatively low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work life balance, on-site facilities

Cons: Rough work life balance for people with families
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and health benefits

Cons: Management can be iffy dependent in your office and team.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great hours, interesting work.

Cons: Metrics are such a focal point for them even tho retail is barely 3% of revenue
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and cool company

Cons: - Schedule
- working hours
- Time off
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits
- Community
- Learning
- Pay
- Skills

Cons: Sometimes feels a bit bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Work Culture, latest technologies and pay

Cons: High traffic work environment. Retail hours is a drawback. Other standard retail drawbacks.
Advice: More sympathetic scheduling.
Pros: Fun work for a great company.

Cons: They don’t have upward movement.
Advice: None
Pros: They have pretty good Benefits

Cons: No bad words to say
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and very good culture as well

Cons: They happened to be racist on several points and stand for fake “good”
Advice: Hire people who aren’t racist
Pros: This place preys on the weak, be ready

Cons: Nonstop calls and must multi task.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedules and at home comfort.

Cons: It can be hard to move up and work is demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is awesome and a great culture

Cons: middle management, as always. The ability to communicate to the general public that it isn't a phone company, it is not a REATIL outlet.. it is a tech company..
Advice: retail is literally a pet project.if they lose their north, there is nothing that will save them. They need to reestablish value
Pros: culture. taste. ethics. and the best chips ever made.

Cons: Project Schedule is extreme tight.
Advice: None
Pros: Stock is good. Good learning resources

Cons: They hire tons of people in college
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment for all.

Cons: You might get frustrated doing the same work
Advice: None
Pros: You learn from the best people out here

Cons: Can be slow in certain seasons. If you are not able to work at a high pace during busy seasons you will struggle
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, sick time, lot of coworkers

Cons: overworked and underpaid for sure
Advice: None
Pros: Good perks and benefits of working

Cons: no work life balance at all
Advice: None
Pros: always learning and great environment

Cons: Apple is not a normal retailer. Retail workers create tickets for emerging tech issues, complete complicated repairs, overcome extremely angry customers on a daily basis, and many other complex and ambiguous tasks, but are still paid as though they fold jeans or sell hammers (having close friends within clothing and home goods retailers, the pay is within 5-10%). The work is not equitable with the pay. While there has been a focus on DEI, and elevating minorities, Apple does not have many pipelines for upward mobility from within Retail. Unlike myself, most teammates are unable to move into leadership within 5 years of starting at Apple. 5 years is a career-lifetime in our modern business environment, so Apple loses many skilled people who want upward mobility.
Advice: Being part of Retail Leadership, I see the lack of communication and alignment between Retail and Corporate offices. The bridge between retail and corp decision makers are Market Leaders, who spend little to NO time on sales floors, assessing processes, progress, and feedback, which means the messages that are translated between both sides of the business are very muddied and ineffective.
Pros: Apple has a very competitive pay and benefits structure when compared with other retail locations. Apple is laser-focused on DEI, which has been helping to elevate under-represented community members. Apple retail workers are largely educated, and interesting individuals. It's a fun environment

Cons: Lots of busy work. Not too many promotional opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Regular 40hr week Standard holidays off

Cons: Travel Distance Scheduled all weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Helping people solve tech issues. Being on an energetic team.

Cons: There wasn’t any cons at apple
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job and extremely fun

Cons: Very ambiguous career growth path
Advice: Provide accurate expectations for employees who dedicate their time and knowledge to the team and company goals
Pros: Great team environment. and high paced energy at a flagship location

Cons: The loud environment at stores. The lack of retail stores provides fewer opportunities to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Human connection-based sales Great benefits Everyone is welcome Remarkable people

Cons: highly political, very team and manager dependent.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable career, many internal opportunities and good compensation

Cons: Usual retail cons are present here
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great systems in place for customer management

Cons: busy long way low income
Advice: None
Pros: insurance free food good environment

Cons: capitalism and generally the exploitation of children
Advice: idk be better man
Pros: definitely work here. great fun

Cons: The company is going through growing pains and the retail space is different than before
Advice: None
Pros: The people are great and diverse

Cons: Managers Hours Accountability Internal growth
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Stocks were great Time off

Cons: tired work extra time on site
Advice: None
Pros: advanced technology big package a leading provider

Cons: They are the kings of making you feel as though you are being taken care of and working at the best job in the world, but they don't actually care about you. I was injured and should have been able to take short term paid disability leave and the managers knew it, but let me stay on the job in pain with "accommodations," conveniently forgetting to let me know I qualified for leave. It wasn't until a full year later I found out. Also, they say metrics don't matter... but metrics matter.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and consistent hours

Cons: Getting one bad manager can ruin entire experience.
Advice: None
Pros: I’ve worked at many Apple stores and most are great.

Cons: Not enough pay for what they expect even as a direct hire employee. At times you are EXPECTED to do mandatory OT and then some people like me get killed with taxes.
Advice: Please increase pay. I can work at a job with less qualifications and get paid more with less stress. A MIT at Mcdonalds gets paid more. It's like the support staff are the red headed step children and we don't get paid fair. A starting hourly rate should be AT LEAST $22 per hour and not $18. Apple Care employee are what keeps customers happy when things go wrong and with the surveys we have to maintain good customer service.
Pros: Cares about their employees health and wellbeing Career advancment Fast paced

Cons: Challenging/rewarding work and excellent compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Sometimes difficult to navigate next steps in your career

Cons: Work life balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, RSUs, ESPP etc

Cons: The role can be redundant.
Advice: None
Pros: They provide good benefits and room for growth

Cons: Process Bloat / Low Growth Visibility
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance / Engaging Work

Cons: High paced and must be good at what u do
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for all employees

Cons: not enough compensation for my skillset
Advice: improve
Pros: Ceo was great to talk to and learn from

Cons: Something is broken but the related department seems superior. So the broken system can not be corrected, which really hurts.
Advice: Pay attention to some superior department, what they have done is awful, makes no sense, and hurts Apple and its employees a lot.
Pros: great engineering environment, you could use your knowledge to improve millions of people's lives

Cons: Retail schedule, limited advancement, retail role
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, fast paced, stock options

Cons: Its isn't safe , especially not for women or people of color No one really cares to help people, they just say that to get hired No one is happy to be there and that eventually rubs off on even the most positive people I made less money here than in any job I have ever had People were competitive, or just gross and creepy. It was impossible for me to make a real friend.
Advice: Hiring only white queer managers doesn't count as being inclusive and neither does hiring people of color in the fall just to let them all go by spring after the inclusion and diversity reports have been conducted.
Pros: No one cares, so you can truly do whatever you want and almost never get fired (unless you report someone for harassment, then you'll get pushed out) Depending on the leadership, it might be a nice experience or it might be complete chaos, which is fun All the geniuses complained constantly about not enough hours, pay, compensation or room to grow.

Cons: - No free food - Sometimes would have to work on weekends or holidays
Advice: None
Pros: - Getting to work on cutting edge tech - Good perks

Cons: hard to progress within current store
Advice: None
Pros: retail pay is fair benefits are good

Cons: Not enough vertical mobility within organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, good benefits.

Cons: -Can get boring -Low pay
Advice: None
Pros: -access to new products -Great environment

Cons: -hot in the store
-bad management
Advice: None
Pros: - decent pay
-great coworkers

Cons: Intense working culture Bad W&amp;L balance
Advice: None
Pros: Work on the latest product and with smart people High visibility to executive

Cons: Depends on who you report to
Advice: None
Pros: Health and financial benefits Great colleagues

Cons: Culture is kind of weird
Advice: None
Pros: Good peers and engaging work

Cons: - Typical Retail Management - Even as part-time need to have open availability
Advice: None
Pros: - Availability to move around and explore - Discounted Stock Buying Program - Education Reimbursement

Cons: Terrible schedule, lazy ineffective management, total micro manage
Advice: Do more then stand around
Pros: Great coworkers and interesting products to sell

Cons: Life is what you make it, so is a job. You can complain or you can be happy.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay Benefits Culture Movement

Cons: High secrecy, work can feel siloed Pay is average for the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Working on real products used by millions of people You see what you build

Cons: Bad hours for when you wanna request off
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: - I worked in the Genius Bar part of the store and nothing the technicians did was appreciated unless they were able to get the customer to trade in and upgrade or attach AppleCare to a device under limited warranty. Technicians were expected to be able resolve software and hardware solutions for devices AND be able to pitch a sale all while being paid the same or LESS than some people who only did sales. - My specific role as Genius Admin was never appreciated. The role kept things in the repair room running smoothly, dealing with customer service issues, informing customers of the progress of their repairs and letting them know when it was ready for pickup and also bringing these devices back to the customer when they came in store to pick it up. It’s a role that requires more than one person throughout the day but whenever more than one was scheduled we’d get pulled from our actual job to do technical support out on the floor (since my store was smaller we only had three. Two fulltime and one part time who could only work nights), which made work pile up on one admin and was very stressful all around. - Management has no idea what anybody does unless they started from the ground up and even then they’d never stay up to date with the changes to be more of a support to employees. - The business promotes work life balance and tries to convince you you have it, but in reality you don’t. Part timers aren’t allowed off on the weekends (unless requested a whole month in advance) and full timers can’t have a weekend day off tied into a weekday (like a Friday/Saturday or Sunday/Monday). Staying past your scheduled time was always praised instead of ACTUAL good work. Constantly being told they need to cut hours but always being asked to stay late. Understaffed and overworked. - Little to no growth opportunities unless you want to uproot your entire life to another city/state. Trying to move from retail to corporate is next to impossible and they always state there are plenty of work from home opportunities but they outsource a lot of it to third party companies and don’t ever have openings. And if they do they usually reject retail employees resumes.
Advice: LEARN YOUR EMPLOYEES ROLES!!! If you’re a manager of the Genius Bar you should be able to help an Admin that needs support. It’s insane how little y’all know about what your employees do. Actually listen to your employees and what they’re telling you. They are the backbone of the store. Whether it’s Genius Bar, Product Zone, Backstage or Business. We see the little things day to day. If your employees are saying they’re unhappy with how their area of the store is being ran and it’s not helping the customers or the employees.
Pros: - The benefits at Apple truly are amazing. The family leave to take care of sick family members was a blessing. As well as being able to take a mental health leave of 3 months after something tragic happened in my life. - Working at a smaller store made everyone i worked with like a member of my family. We didn’t have weird friend cliques and continued to uplift each other. - The pay is significantly better than all other retail locations.

Cons: Enough isn't like they said. Fast pacing retail store, always busy, but they always take care of you as a human being in all aspects.
Advice: They have been doing way better during the last two years, listening more and demonstrating more empathy with employees.
Pros: A place where you can be a real human being; they empathize with you, and you live in a human way that I never felt before.

Cons: People that come in can sometimes be mean
Advice: Keep doing great
Pros: Good hours Good people Good energy they want you to succeed

Cons: management is not always in the same page which you would expect in a large company
Advice: get on the same page
Pros: it was a good place to work with many benefits

Cons: Very structures, mean managers, tons of older set in store folk
Advice: Hire more people who love the company and not so much who just love tech.
Pros: Flexibility, fun, challenging, lucrative, prestigious

Cons: This solely depends on role, HWTE is like the bottom pool. A lot of overnight works. Constantly monitor stuff, and if management is not good it becomes a nightmere. But I know people with better management as well
Advice: No
Pros: Really good compensation, stock and benefits

Cons: Too many customers at a time.
Advice: Apple should not let customers make appointments. Only via phone call to Apple Support. Then the representatives have to be properly trained so they can properly vet each person. Then give us more time with customer issues and follow the fire safety limit for the building.
Pros: Best benefits, growth, opportunity, great leadership team, flexible, and caring.

Cons: Bad CEO. I wish I could not deal with them.
Advice: None
Pros: It was so amazing. I wish I could go back.

Cons: Hard to like working remote as contractor
Advice: None
Pros: Go to work and go home

Cons: Currently understaffed so slightly overworked
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and great benefits.

Cons: The salary was pretty low
Advice: None
Pros: Had a really good location

Cons: New leadership pushed most of the ASC's out nationwide. Despite all the hype from above, there was little to no opportunity for advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Team culture, work autonomy, professional development

Cons: - WLB - Low pay compared to other FAANG
Advice: None
Pros: - Competent teammates - Interesting work - Smart Management

Cons: You have to work weekends. It can be fast paced and stressful especially during launch of new products, the holidays etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Good starting pay and benefits for retail job and I loved that it was not commission based. Like with any retail job, as a part timer you will have to work different shifts to suit business needs. Depending on your circumstances, they may work with your schedule (ie. if you have another part time job, school, etc.)

Cons: Shockingly under-resourced. No-offsites, equipment shortages, compensation changes are not as aggressive, career growth is more limited
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, Senior Management, Impact, Work Ebbs and Flows in a positive way

Cons: I wish there were more events for interns
Advice: None
Pros: I loved it and enjoyed high expectations from management

Cons: Too many people during thevrush
Advice: None
Pros: Great people is what it offers

Cons: Lack of any real process improvement or concept reality.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone wants to work for Apple.

Cons: It is a big corporation
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work and good environment

Cons: store management are not very organized
Advice: None
Pros: i really enjoyed my time at Apple

Cons: - not much advancement pay wise
Advice: None
Pros: - good first job - good pay

Cons: Can get burned out especially during holiday season
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for part timers and my co-worker make it a fun working environment

Cons: Working on weekends can be a con esp if you have a family or plans.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Inclusive

Cons: management not being able to handle customer (very rare though)
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, ok pay, good working environment

Cons: Work life balance can get thrown off balance intermittently Can have a feeling of imposter syndrome
Advice: None
Pros: Steep learning curve but it does get easier Feels like the work makes a difference

Cons: Customers are always present, the workday is packed, and the ability to multitask is necessary.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast Pace, ongoing training, and commitment to personal development will determine your career path.

Cons: Holidays, long hours, micro managing, and strict.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, fast, discounts, &amp; get all updates early.

Cons: -Little opportunity for jump to corporate side -Difficult scheduling -Most people stay part-time and few full-time positions open -Insurance plans are poor for part-time employees
Advice: None
Pros: -Good work environment with generally good people -Fun leadership -Good retail pay -Good unique benefits like wellness apps and fitness reimbursement

Cons: It's a retail job, not much to complain about as long as your work life balance is in tact
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, great benefits

Cons: None for me at least
Advice: None
Pros: Great for students to work part time

Cons: Shifts and hours are all over the place
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great, and they will train you.

Cons: Management. Changes constantly. Mediocre pay. Difficult upward advancement. Time off is a hassle. Weekends and holidays are hard to get off.
Advice: The culture has changed so much that the managers are like any other retail store now. We used to stand for something completely different and we need to get back to that.
Pros: Great benefits. Fun coworkers. Nice discounts. Stock options. FMLA.

Cons: You must drink the KA
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing great really. Good paid benefits

Cons: Politics and Commute, rto policy not great
Advice: None
Pros: Great. Market leading company with a lot of smart people

Cons: dont get sexually assaulted, especially if you need a medical leave. because they will fire you, no empathy. i even asked for a transfer because they guy knew where i worked...they ignored and denied my request
Advice: you guys reminded me that humans dont have empathy....sick people
Pros: good pay/bonus cool co workers good benefits

Cons: I may come back to edit this review later to be more in-depth but for now I just wanted to mention the above. One sort of con is that the company and therefore the managers use very indirect/abnormal language sometimes. Ie talking about "opportunies" instead of areas of improvement or performance reviews essentially being a script based around a company principle instead of being more direct from the manager themselves. There's no real issue with it - it works for them - it's just more of a personal preference how sometimes important communication about growth feels fake/scripted. I haven't been here for very long but from what I've seen so far there are some things I don't agree with in the process of getting promotions. In some cases the obvious choice for a promotion is the person who gets hired, but in some others they've passed over someone more deserving for someone who seems to be more of a favorite. Or there was one case where someone was passed over for a promotion that they absolutely deserved because they were so insanely efficient in their current role, it would probably have cost the company time and money to promote them.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is always talking about how their soul is their people but they really do put their money where their mouth is. Two days ago we started to get air quality warnings in our area due to the Canadian wild fires. I think they immediately took action because just today they had a company bring in two industrial air filters - one for the front of the store and one for the back. Our store doesn't face the street - we're inside a mall so we can't really tell the difference inside, but I was blown away by how they went out of their way to ensure ours and our customers' safety anyways.

Cons: It doesn't fulfill anyone. You deal with old people and its not the best job in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: you make a decent amount for the age i was

Cons: retail hours and working on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: great teammates very accepting culture

Cons: Long hours, focus on work such that there is minimal or no work/life balance, too much importance on Optics than actual work. Work gets repetitive and redundant very quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Employee discounts on Apple products are great, RSUs and bonus awarded based on performance (however Org matters) !!!

Cons: Little to no room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, stock options, benefits

Cons: Customers can be a lot. Very entitled. Not recommended if you let customers walk over you
Advice: Be more transparent some are more than others
Pros: The pay of this job is more than most

Cons: - No longer an opportunity available as a job opportunity.
Advice: None
Pros: - Base pay was much higher than other jobs around the area. ($22-23 vs $13-15). - Laid back environment. You didn’t feel a looming pressure on you at all times. It felt fulfilling to do your job. -

Cons: Management comes off as fake happy.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: No long term opportunities here
Advice: None
Pros: the food is better than food trucks

Cons: Could be better for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome great place to wirm

Cons: Hours are exhausting and long
Advice: Prioritize school and be more flexible with our schedules
Pros: Discounts and many fun opportunities

Cons: Pay could be higher and understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: Great team members and decent ours.

Cons: - Pushy sales mentality. - No clear paths to move up in the company from retail. - Poor work/life balance - Us/them mentality
Advice: Ease up on the retail staff. They are tired, lost, and burnt out from the constant pressuring of pushing sales and having no further incentive to sell more.
Pros: - Culture among retail staff is great. - Opportunities to meet people are always available. - Exciting perks.

Cons: But they don't give free water
Advice: Nothing
Pros: They give free food also

Cons: My career growth felt stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: Apple was fun, I enjoyed my time

Cons: Fast Pace through the entire year
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging and rewarding experience overall

Cons: No cons besides pay being low
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and people ok

Cons: It is a huge company so networking is key to career advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits and they constantly make their employees to feel that they're being taken care of. That's why people stay at Apple longer than the industry average.

Cons: Bad work time on the weekend
Advice: None
Pros: Good Service for employees and costumers

Cons: Micro manage! Everything you do.
Advice: Be real people.
Pros: Nicer customers or developers in this case.

Cons: Not always the easiest to talk with teammates who are spread out across the world.
Advice: None
Pros: A wonderful group of very talented engineers. Good work life balance when needed

Cons: The rating system is sometimes skewed, but I think they're working on it now.
Advice: To be more open and supportive when things don't go a certain way and to not always assume the employee is making a bad decision. Err on the side of the employee.
Pros: The people are what help you get through a lot of the difficult customer's who are not always up to par with their devices or how apple's warranty and apple care policies work.

Cons: Standing for hours at a time can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, people and flexibility.

Cons: Excessive length of interview sessions
Advice: None
Pros: nice workplace big team professional

Cons: Hours aren’t too flexible once schedule is set
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment was amazing, training was top notch

Cons: Work/life balance might be difficult to achieve, fast pace.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, good benefits, talented workforce.

Cons: Not much, but lunch and dinner are not free
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge technology and good benefits

Cons: - Work can be monotonous - Some practices can be overly customer focused
Advice: n/a
Pros: - Excellent pay and benefits - Great Work Life Balance - Supportive Management

Cons: stress, workload, leadership, mentorship, managment
Advice: thank you
Pros: fun, energetic, collaboration, cool, happy

Cons: There were some managers who liked to play favoritism and there were times where it felt like you were walking on eggshells
Advice: Please stop playing favorites and please start treating all adults like adults and not children
Pros: The work environment was good and I never felt weird talking to managers about any difficulties

Cons: Heartless cold place, not really any soul left.
Advice: Care more, share the wealth.
Pros: Excellent facilities and benefits and growth opportunities.

Cons: Management at Apple retail is like a revolving door. Management changes happened so frequently that it would cause strain amongst the team in regard to what procedures we should follow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, made some lifelong friends there. Health insurance was also pretty decent.

Cons: For me personally no cons for working there.
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours, great management, good coworkers

Cons: Manger will share only minimum necessary stuff with you.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team members and less politics

Cons: A lot of bureaucracy as company grew.
Advice: Cut the read tape.
Pros: Apple was more fun than fun when I worked there. Challenges were excellent and work environment was supportive.

Cons: Hours can be long and hard
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people to work with!

Cons: (Pending store/location): - Cult like mentality - It's retail - Repetitive and exhaustive pending store leadership - Expected to do more with less - Long retention due to Apples "Golden Handcuffs" (Pay and discounts on goods/services from Apple usual keep people from leaving which goes back into being repetitive and exhausting)
Advice: Look out for the people that are on the front lines doing the labor in the Retail environment, without them, you'd be out there selling Apple Care services and Business intros.
Pros: (Pending store/location): - Higher minimum wage pay per hr than most retail stores - Good healthcare - Good stocks/401k match - Discounts on goods and services from Apple

Cons: So many retail drama. Very cliquey environment. Typical retail life
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and discounts. Lots of benefits.

Cons: - rude and slow thinking customers - very, very nitpicky about time spent on break. for example if you have a 15 minute break but take 16:05 minutes they will complain - calls come in with almost no warning
Advice: Relax on the break times for remote advisors because I know for sure y'all don't get on the in person employees the same way.
Pros: - good benefits - vacation/sick time is based on time worked, not a set amount of days per year. easy to get time off - can be remote or in person. hybrid or permanently remote

Cons: no cons to think of
Advice: None
Pros: fantastic experience and would recommend

Cons: Prestigious, Rigged, Corrupt, Exclusive, Fear
Advice: None
Pros: Great, Awesome, Rewarding, Inspiring, Fun

Cons: The management is still poor in my opinion and that will always be a downfall of retail
Advice: None
Pros: I experience my first real taste of professional development here.

Cons: You have to work long days sometimes
Advice: It’s a good place to be everyone opinions count even the dump ones
Pros: the pay is great definitely recommend

Cons: Stressful Hours are always changing
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Pay

Cons: Feels like I'm forced to say things
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts on Apple products, and free AppleCare

Cons: there is no proper communication between employees
Advice: give me a job I need to write this review as employee of apple as soon as possible
Pros: nice work environment nice cafeteria

Cons: too big to make change
Advice: See above two
Pros: no enough engineers having delived mass production solutions in the area

Cons: too much work, no time to sleep
Advice: None
Pros: good payment, chill environment, cool

Cons: Retail scheduling negatively affects work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and reasonable pay.

Cons: schedule, no work balance and no weekends
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good benefits and good times

Cons: There are not cons at all.
Advice: Expand hiring
Pros: The company pays high salaries and benefit s

Cons: No inherit cons outside of working at the store and meeting frustrated customers
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company with good benefits

Cons: The bar is set extremely high
Advice: None
Pros: Environment is one of a kind

Cons: Management not completely accounting when it comes to supporting specialist w problem customers.
Advice: Support the team with more willingness and proactive intervention.
Pros: Schedule flexibility Benefits Employee stock purchase discount

Cons: none and there are no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Helped customers and had a great environment

Cons: Difficult work/life balance at least for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture good people good benefit

Cons: The work environment is very demanding, often crowded, and fast paced.
Advice: None
Pros: Working Apple retail is what you make of it and is very dependent on the management team and type of location. Buy in but stay skeptical.

Cons: Not the best schedule if you are a part timer, they have a particular way to resolve issues that its not the greatest, they force you to have good attitude even if its no okay, and it feels wrong.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, discounts, easy work

Cons: Lots of time commitment and ultimately it takes up a large chunk of your life.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and lots of learnings

Cons: The work intensity is very high
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxing working environment and ample vacation time

Cons: The store that I worked at had entire management group change in the last three years. This new management group made it very difficult to see a future in this location and transferring had become extremely difficult within the company.
Advice: And give tangible goals and pathways goals that want to move up in the company. Be truthful if it is going to take longer than expected and reasons why.
Pros: Salary compared to other retail is extremely good. For the most part, it is a positive atmosphere.

Cons: It’s retail so dealing with upset customers, working weekends, holidays and evenings.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and decent management, some managers are better than others. Good training.

Cons: - Largest company in the world so some things move slowly, which is kind of expected
Advice: None
Pros: - Apple is like a huge shark tank, i.e. teams try to "sell" their features to other teams - Great compensation and perks

Cons: management can be hit or miss
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and flexible schedule

Cons: Some of the benefits are not great.
Advice: None
Pros: Very talented people, innovative company.

Cons: Hard to avoid burnout. Politics between departments can be pedantic.
Advice: None
Pros: I ge to see people walking around with my work. Pay is good.

Cons: Need strong union and need to accept a full remote tech work force, it don’t make sense to force peeps to lose their time in commute. Or they should contribute by paying the hour lost in commute or fully pay for place next to the office
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and nice challenge

Cons: Hard to stand out everyone is too awesome
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits in the industry

Cons: Terrible people, people stole my food
Advice: None
Pros: Free food and drinks all day

Cons: Need to be mindful of corporate politics
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging engineering problems with a solid team

Cons: Shift bids, metric based schedules, schedule could change every 6 months, customers
Advice: None
Pros: Kind managers, fun company gatherings with snacks, free Apple swag occasionally, good insurance, discounts

Cons: Employee morale declining year over year
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits for both part and full time workers

Cons: Hours are long Expensive location to live in
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay for the job

Cons: There is no cons in apple
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is fine over there

Cons: can start feeling repetitive and overwhelming when there are a lot of people waiting for a sales specialist and there aren't enough specialists for the people who are waiting so you have to take customer after customer after customer while management just watches and doesn't help out.
Advice: When it's busy in the store, to actually help out instead of just staring at the busy store. It gets tiring just expecting the sales specialists (which are lightly scheduled) to take ALL the people on the sales floor one after the other before feeling burnt out. You were once sales specialists too. Give some support to the team for once.
Pros: good benefits and good pay

Cons: Dependent on product you are working on
Advice: None
Pros: Good for growth especially for young engineers

Cons: some management. customer push back. slow season with less hours
Advice: None
Pros: i would rate apple an overall 7/10. the work culture is top tier, fight me but i’m not sure what tops this retail culture that apple has built. the team is amazing and the benefits, pay and opportunities are endless

Cons: Can work longer hours during some quarters
Advice: None
Pros: Good visibility, highly autonomous role

Cons: its hard to come up with any cons I had a great experience
Advice: None
Pros: managements great they care about your wellbeing

Cons: Office Location, Humans, Type of Payment, Pricey Coverage, Recycled Equipment
Advice: None
Pros: Environment, People, Pay, Insurance, Resources

Cons: no cons to mention good job
Advice: no advice to give in regards to questions
Pros: great job a pretty good job overall

Cons: pay is not the best, long work hours, stressful work culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing reputation, they dont lay off easily, lots to learn and grow

Cons: Many new Mid level mangers, not as great as before. Don’t feel get a lot done.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and great product.

Cons: Location bias, inequity at all levels of employment, rudderless management, leadership debt takes your ideas and presents them as their own
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive benefits, 401k, ESPP, collaboration

Cons: Office politics can be overbearing sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Smart coworkers, good tech stack

Cons: retail. you work with the general public. not for the faint of heart.
Advice: None
Pros: great company. great benefits. great products.

Cons: -Almost no break between calls, sometimes 5–8 seconds between each customer -Can't have a co-worker cover your shifts, all vacation time needs to be used, no such thing as call-offs for any emergencies or life happens situations -Customer service is not too bad, but can be difficult when calls are back to back, and they're upset at you for something they did -Pay is dependent on your zip code, so someone in NYC with the same job title and responsibilities as you will most likely be receiving higher pay
Advice: None
Pros: -Great pay based on where you live -Get to choose my own hours, three 4-hour weekday and one 8-hour weekend shift -Work from home

Cons: not much only sales goal
Advice: None
Pros: stock plan, discount, education pay out up 5k and paid time off

Cons: There are no cons lol
Advice: no advice sorry
Pros: amazing they are just amazing

Cons: No snacks are offered to employee
Advice: None
Pros: Have a good cafe and food

Cons: very tough interview and workload
Advice: None
Pros: very good pay and holidays

Cons: Difficult to move up from a sales person.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy money! Had fun with the staff.

Cons: Hard to get in. Company is looking for deep expertise in your area of work.
Advice: Hire more senior professionals. Need more gray hair!
Pros: Exposure to all parts of the business. Everyone can have a voice.

Cons: 6 months to advance into different position
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits Nice pay Nice products

Cons: too far away from home
Advice: None
Pros: High salary and good leaders

Cons: It gets very intense at times
Advice: Please keep up the good work
Pros: room for growth, education and advancement

Cons: Slow to change. Stuck in retail ways.
Advice: Corporate should listen more to retail as the voices on the ground aren't making their way up.
Pros: Flexibility Care Supported employees through the pandemic No layoffs Always looking to do the right thing

Cons: Hard to work with your personal schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Great Environment with great team members

Cons: Political shark tank on a galatic level
Advice: No advice as it will never impact a monolith
Pros: Large Scale problems needing a wide selection of solutions

Cons: Management doesn’t like the retail part of the job and doesn’t respect your schedule or help you develop professionally
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, fun products, mostly decent customers

Cons: None at all love it here
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work love it here

Cons: lot of privacy constraints her
Advice: None
Pros: they are doing good innovation

Cons: Biggest con is the hybrid model. Apple needs to understand they are loosing a lot of great employees because of this. We are taking other jobs that are offering a more work -life balance with full remote work. 

Hate the open floor concept especially in People Support roll when you have to be on the phones all day long. 

People Support is just a call center with a focus on how fast you answer phones, how many cases you close per hour and week. Supper off putting. We strive to make it a great employee experience but we are constantly yelled at and treated like garbage by other employees who forget we work for Apple too. As much as we strive for a great employee experience for those who are contacting People Support, People support team members are not getting the same.
Advice: Love to see the phone system gotten rid of completely.  Everything can be done digitally.  Stop with the current metrics system and bring it back to a more human aspect.  People Support Specialist position is hard work day in and day out, working with Apple employees it take a toll on us mentally and emotionally.  Why throw in this terrible metric system to cause more hardship.
Pros: Apple has some great benefits. Healthcare is top notch. 

Awesome maternity/parental leave. 

Great paid holiday schedule very inclusive

Lots of time off around the holidays 

People Support management/supervisor team is fantastic. Never had a leadership team care about me as much as they did.

Cons: Actually not that much but some times there may be a hard customer
Advice: None
Pros: Bonuses Work Ethic Friendly colligues

Cons: Lack of support with certain managers Tough to move up at times Underpaid for the amount of stress and work you do Things get swept under a rug with HR
Advice: None
Pros: Higher pay than most retail jobs Ahead of its time tech Good benefits for full time and part employees

Cons: Can be busy and stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for part time

Cons: Schedule for apple is now handled by an off site team in Texas. Must make time off requests 3 months in advance. Schedule is not constant, does not support life, school, or family balance. If you’re full time you can either choose (one) set day off, or preferred shifts and preferred day off, which is not guaranteed. so expect indefinite inconsistency with days off and getting scheduled different shifts every day/ week. Culture is blanketed as diverse but is in reality very biased and employees are expected to fit a specific mold in order to advance. They hire and promote based off racial and gender trends.
Advice: Not to be indifferent, and to seek to genuinely care about your team, Listen to the team and REPORT any non tolerated behavior from all positions of employees.
Pros: Pay is higher than average. Benefits are nice and they offer the best new parent benefits out there.

Cons: - can be extremely busy during holidays and product launches(usually compensated in free food/bonus vacation hours)
Advice: None
Pros: - great pay - stock options/RSU - product discounts - a ton of different benefits - good people - great culture - Amazing development opportunities

Cons: Politics won't allow you to work effectively and efficiently
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and Stock and Work Life balance

Cons: Bad work life balance. Not enough composite
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities and growth

Cons: Challenging Demanding Long drive Late hours
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot Networking Good environment

Cons: Bad leadership and middle managers have no clue what they are doing.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company perks and health insurance

Cons: High Expectations and Pressure: Working at Apple comes with high expectations and a fast-paced environment. The company has a strong emphasis on delivering top-quality products and services, which can sometimes lead to increased pressure and demanding workloads. Intense Competition: The technology industry is highly competitive, and Apple is no exception. There may be pressure to stay up-to-date with the latest advancements and continuously improve your skills to remain competitive. Work-Life Balance: Due to the nature of the industry and the company's dedication to meeting deadlines, maintaining a healthy work-life balance at Apple can be challenging. Long hours and occasional periods of intense work may be required. Limited Flexibility: Apple has specific protocols and guidelines in place for its products and services. This may limit your flexibility in finding alternative solutions or working with other platforms or technologies. Continuous Learning: While this can be seen as both a pro and a con, it's important to note that working with Apple requires continuous learning and staying updated with the ever-evolving technology landscape. This can be demanding for some individuals who prefer a more stable work environment.
Advice: Lead by Example: As a manager, your actions and behavior set the tone for your team. Lead by example and demonstrate the qualities and work ethic you expect from your employees. Show integrity, professionalism, and a strong commitment to achieving goals. Effective Communication: Communication is key to successful management. Clearly convey expectations, provide feedback, and ensure that everyone understands their roles and responsibilities. Be an active listener and encourage open and honest communication within your team. Build Strong Relationships: Invest time and effort in building strong relationships with your team members. Get to know them personally, show empathy, and be supportive. Building trust and fostering a positive work environment will lead to increased productivity and employee satisfaction.
Pros: Industry Leader: Apple is a globally renowned company and a leader in the technology industry. Working for such a prestigious brand can enhance your professional reputation and provide valuable industry exposure. Cutting-Edge Technology: As a technical expert at Apple, you will have the opportunity to work with the latest and most innovative products and technologies. This can significantly enhance your technical skills and knowledge. Career Growth Opportunities: Apple offers a wide range of career development programs and opportunities for advancement. You can benefit from internal training, certifications, and chances to specialize in specific areas of expertise. Global Impact: Apple's products have a significant impact on people's lives worldwide. Contributing to the development and support of these products allows you to be part of a company that shapes the future of technology. Collaborative Work Environment: Apple fosters a collaborative and inclusive work culture, encouraging teamwork and knowledge sharing. You can collaborate with talented professionals from diverse backgrounds, fostering personal and professional growth.

Cons: lose focus, sometimes lacks transparency,
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, nice people, free perks

Cons: Work life balance, like many other big tech companies, can be pretty lacking.
Advice: None
Pros: Huge R&amp;D budgets, and leadership that really cares about the details

Cons: intense environment, pretty bad work life balance since you work with vendors in Asia during the evenings
Advice: Work on team culture to be able to improve retention rates
Pros: you'll get a chance to work with very smart people who all have the same level of motivation to do make a great product

Cons: Working weekends and holidays in retail.
Advice: Judge individuals based on your own judgment not based on others opinion’s.
Pros: Good benefits for part time employees. Encourages growth and development. Employee stock options.

Cons: Pressure to sell ad ons (Apple Care, etc.) were a little much at times... Pay wasn't great
Advice: None
Pros: Really great group of people to work with Fun sales environment

Cons: repetitive job, it can get boring really easy
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good work environment

Cons: priorities change with the direction of the wind, lack of true managers and leaders in mid-level organizations
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility of work schedule, great benefits and solid values as an employer

Cons: No cons at this moment
Advice: Good management
Pros: Benefits, work flow, environment, people, flexible

Cons: At a certain point there is a huge bottle neck in advancement moving from department to department is easy at lower levels but if you get stuck somewhere that you are unhappy it can be hard to get out After you have been there for a while the management seems to be less supportive and focused on personal growth and more interested in the "politics" of the environment for personal preservation/gain
Advice: Work on preserving the supportive management culture that encourages supporting the individual advisors interests. This can ensure happier employees which would result in better quality support and relationships with your customers.
Pros: Great culture Onboarding is fun and supportive Training is abundant Team environment is awesome Work from home available

Cons: Micro managing system. Customer Queue is terrible.
Advice: Pay your advisors more money and give short breaks in between calls
Pros: Working from home is a plus.

Cons: Micro-managing was a huge issue but I imagine this depends on the store
Advice: Hear your employees out because they are the ones directly working with customers and know solutions best
Pros: Easy job, fun environment, hands on learning

Cons: Social game. It’s all about how into the brand you are and if you have a “story”. Once they feel like you are not as into it as they’d like you to be they start to micro manage, then put you on a disciplinary coaching and then fire you. It’s obvious. They pick the social outcasts and give them a sense of community where they all have one thing in common “Apple”. There’s no diversity in the company. Look at the chairmen of the company…it’s a bunch of older Caucasian people and their idea of diversity in a company. ..which is why the product sales are tanking. The company also only hires and promotes internally based on political trend… and make you sign a NDA. Yikes I hope this is anonymous 🫣
Advice: You have great talent that comes to you. Use it.
Pros: The pay and the benefits

Cons: You get burnt out because you are always talking to demanding customers. Part-time workers get treated just like full-time. Sometimes they get better zoning (Like they are scheduled in the back more) which doesn't make sense to me.
Advice: Listen to the employees better when they are stating they need time off the floor.
Pros: Amazing benefits. Part-time and Full-time options. The managers do try their hardest to care for you as a person and support you as needed.

Cons: Very busy and hectic. It’s retail plus repairs so you’ll get some not so happy customers but managers will have your back.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and amazing benefits.

Cons: you will miss the people you work with if you choose to leave
Advice: None
Pros: - amazing people - great work ethic - caring higher-ups

Cons: Would desire a lower turn over rate with managers
Advice: may want to show some attrition
Pros: espp program is a great motivator

Cons: - Multi tasking - Co workers can be annoying
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Place to work, good scheduling

Cons: No room to grow at all. If you come in as a T1, you can transition to T2 quickly but expect to be in the T2 role for a long time and all of the moves from T2 sometimes are considered as lateral moves and people have more responsibilities but the pay don’t change unless you are in management or a engineer.
Advice: Recognize your people who have been there in the same roles for over 5 years. After doing a role repeatedly over they lose the momentum and desire of the role. It stops feeling like a passion and more like a job. We come to apple to make changes in people lives. We are the first people our customers see and talk too. We mentor our customers and love them but we need growth too.
Pros: Get benefits and perks. This review isn’t based off contract work. This is a direct hire with over 5 years.

Cons: Working on the weekend and holiday
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible and will let you take time off

Cons: Apple has shifted away from in-depth repairs on-premises. While this is arguably more efficient, it is not a benefit to its patrons.
Advice: None
Pros: They take care of their people.

Cons: The environment was totally satisfied.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Atmosphere with learning and growth.

Cons: Repetitive work Negative energy from angry customers Typical call center metrics 10 hour shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule Decent pay Great benefits Room for advancement for top performance

Cons: lack of communication between managers for development plans.
Advice: None
Pros: people, customer relationships, managers are great as well!

Cons: I was excited to work for apple but the culture definitely shifted back when Angela took her position. Funny thing I got to meet her literally my first shift after getting hired. I was in training when they announced getting rid of the well known blue apple shirts and the lanyards so I feel I missed out on that original apple culture and watched their value in community diminish.
Advice: Fight upper management to bring back the services that matter. I know there are a lot of people up top but when enough people speak up, they tend to listen.
Pros: I learned so much about customer service even skills that I still use today.

Cons: long hours, lots of work, and flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, competitive pay, good experience, and good job oppurtunities

Cons: It have verry nice jobs
Advice: By being so nice while working
Pros: Its nice to work at applw

Cons: - Work-life balance - Pressure
Advice: None
Pros: - Salary - Mind blowing benefits - Career opportunities - Educational opportunities

Cons: Unrealistic goals and expectations. Freezing your career growth if you don’t measure up to constantly evolving demands. Lots of promoting via popularity contest within retail environment.
Advice: Can’t provide advice to management. The executive level are so insulated by wealth and fame they don’t care what we think. What matters is what they want.
Pros: Pay. Benefits. People. Tech. Challenge.

Cons: its busy with limit staff, iphones sell like hot cakes
Advice: nothing at the moment
Pros: good culture, everyone looks out for eachother

Cons: Management micromanages in every store I've worked in. You don't have flexibility in your schedule. The pay is not great for what you deal with especially with how well the company is doing. There should be better discounts and higher pay.
Advice: None
Pros: great stock options and benefits package. Lots of resources and programs. Great insurance

Cons: Some tech bros thought it was very intense and made things inefficient
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the cool products, team motivation, and the remote work style (though we're in person now) .

Cons: Management, merit increases are extremely underwhelming, they often tend to nudge out more tenured employees to get someone new and ignorant to the issues going on internally
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, hours, amount of work, working environment

Cons: Time spent at work on- and off-hours will consume most of a persons energy. The secrecy that is part of delivering the delightful introduction of a product is part of daily life at Apple, this creates barriers and is a huge stressor.
Advice: Leader Circle ® style of management recommended
Pros: Best Products from a consumer perspective, every aspect of the experience from unboxing through the decision to replace a product with a newly developed version of the same is carefully crafted. The support systems are as well very carefully crafted.

Cons: Schedule is made out at least 3-4 weeks in advance so unless you’re a planner then making last minute plans or something coming up is a little harder. Transferring to different stores is also harder, you don’t get the opportunity to just transfer, you have to interview and see if you potentially get hired at a different store despite having a good report.
Advice: None
Pros: The jobs offers some of the hands down best benefits a job can offer. I love the structure for feedback and how there is much room for improvement and time allotted for that. The 401k match is great, the time off points are great, and the overall environment is one to experience.

Cons: -Really poor growth -Less visibility
Advice: None
Pros: Good product to work on

Cons: sometimes may be more stressful
Advice: None
Pros: really good job with learn

Cons: - Strongly not recommended if you have a startup mindset - Manager has poor people skill - Politics - Tiny scope - Bad internal transition opportunities - Poor work-life balance
Advice: Improve manager's people skill Spot and fix political issues quickly
Pros: - Definitely can get involved in cutting-edge technology - Free carry devices - Smart coworkers

Cons: None that I can think oc
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, vacation and benefits

Cons: Long hours can be grueling, but well worth it when a task is completed.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Incentives are very competitive.

Cons: Could be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative research/development of user centric features

Cons: Customers can be nuts...they care about their devices so passionately that when they don't work they are often angry, entitled and abusive.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: The training is intensive, you feel very prepared when you get to the sales floor. The steps of service are something you'll use daily in all areas of life and will use no matter where you go next. The management works to develop you and there is scheduled times throughout the year to touch base and work on that development. If you are mobile, your options within the company are endless! Great place for a young person to work...take the training, the development, the tuition assistance, the stocks, the insurance, etc and make the most of it!

Cons: The day to day is very stressful and the company expects you to go above and beyond without getting any additional compensation.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits (discounts, healthcare, stock)

Cons: Since I was on a seasonal contract, I wish that they were given more room to expand and keep seasonal workers longer. In most cases they can, but due to how the economy is like right now, it is something they have to do with the company. Other than letting seasonals go, they have a really good system on how to support employees on and off the sales floor.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has shown great care and support to all employees. The company cares so much about their employees to ensure that they are in a comfortable workspace and given opportunities to grow in the company. I've learned so much, training was more about what the company was about and what it stands for. I learn about the products and services a few days after the main training days. Employment and interview process is very intricate to ensure that the best hard workers would be given the chance to share their knowledge on the sales floor while also continuing to learn and grow from every interaction.

Cons: I didn't feel that the employee review system was as impactful as it could have been - Perhaps too many employees, and too little time to assess properly.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are fantastic &amp; full of professional development opportunities.

Cons: The work is stressful and there is a lot of overtime.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and plenty of room for advancement.

Cons: Apple likes to retaliate hard for unionizing, and will send higher up employees to try to dispel and discourage such activity, and it continues even if/after your store unionizes. Also didn’t have many opportunities to grow within my store just with corporate and payroll issues.
Advice: None
Pros: A wonderful environment and very tight knit. Was the first time a company used the phrase “we’re a family” and I felt it to be true in the realest sense it could. Great pay and benefits, never a dull day.

Cons: Not enough work life balance in my opinion. Can't pick your own schedule unless you met the metrics. Long hours and have to take calls back to back Didn't enjoy the job at all. Many entitled and rude customers Not a lot of room to grow
Advice: None
Pros: There was a lot of benefits: stocks, PTO, Sick time off, maternity leave...

Cons: Culture to focused, may need more development.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment at the location

Cons: *career experiences seem like a tease or exploitation *typical issues you have working for any corporation *a lot of issues behind the scenes prevent you from doing your job properly
Advice: None
Pros: *great staff with minimal drama *highest paying jobs in retail *top tier benefits

Cons: just the retail hours can be hard sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: ones of the best companies anyone can work for

Cons: Not that much work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: This place is an okay place to be.

Cons: Team culture is highly dependent on the team you are in.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple's values are seen throughout the organization.

Cons: Mamangement is terrible when it comes to progression
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for family and with discounts, 401k

Cons: Not many people are inspired to work anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to be flexible with store approach. Feedback is encouraged.

Cons: Work Life balance, commute, hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Exposure, Benefits, Campus, Product

Cons: I’ve been told that with the right training and a I would be moving up in the business, but they always hire someone else last minute
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere and people. Good work hours

Cons: You will have mean customers. Culture is very "drink the kool-aid". You'll hear you're changing the world when you're really just fixing someones phone.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, fun workplace and mostly good management

Cons: Honestly, none that I can think of so far. The hours can be long, but it depends where you're at in your life. I don't have any personal obligations right now, so it's really easy for me to stay plugged in since I'm passionate about the product and mission, but I can empathize with those that might be at a different place in their life.
Advice: Keep on keepin' on
Pros: Everyone has a lot of motivation, and brings energy to the discussion. People are passionate about their work. Managers and directors are technically proficient and quite personable. Each day poses new, difficult challenges which is always really exciting. The inclusion and diversity is so refreshing, too. The facilities are amazing, and it's easy to accomplish work/tasks from anywhere. You have all of the tools and information available to you to execute your job. The cafes are also really great, and there are a ton of perks. I could go on and on about how much I enjoy my job.

Cons: Very metrics focus Bad leadership Shady practices
Advice: Do better get back to basics and not focus on your bonus
Pros: Fun and can be easy

Cons: Micromanaging, gaslighting, lack of work-life balance, discriminatory practices with employees and promotions, lack of interest from leadership to acknowledge and change racist business practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits; such as discounts, commuter, paid-time off, sick time, education and more.

Cons: Hard to trust upper management and their decesions at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for the benefits. Managers have always been great, if you're good at what you do you never have to worry about any micromanaging.

Cons: None that come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, team around me, hours

Cons: - Lack of empathy at times from top down Sr. Leaders - Having to protect your direct reports from people looking to blame others - Performing well and ethically requires far more then 40 hr weeks - It's the only place more political then the Whitehouse - Ego prevents real growth of internal organizations and strongly impacts front line employees
Advice: - Never speak ill of anyone, it will get back to them - Know your ethical limits in regards to your direct reports, you will be pushed by Sr. Leaders to blur those lines. Nothing illegal, but may make it hard to sleep at night - At Apple more then anywhere, high moral equals high output and Apple is all about output. Keep your directs happy and they will deliver, but to do that you will take beatings from Sr. Leaders. It's a culture of more stick and less carrot
Pros: - The training provided to leadership will prepare you to work anywhere in CA - You are pushed to your potential - The amazing relationships built with direct reports - Being ahead of the tech if you are a huge Apple fan

Cons: Benefits were not super great
Advice: None
Pros: Good talent, I learned a lot

Cons: I do suspect that males were getting paid better walking in the door, however I believe it balanced out with bonuses and raises IF you were an 'above and beyond' female employee. If you did your job right and were there without a future plan to stay, males seemed to be paid more than females. Also, do not recommend if sales is cringe-y to you. I got through it but it very much is a sales based job and some people don't believe it until they are there.
Advice: Keep listening to your staff and helping where it's needed. The passion shows!
Pros: The culture of Apple is great, especially at the Brea location. There was an emphasis on being open with co workers and pushing each other to be better. Many of the managers are also great and there to listen to their staff while also stepping in when needed to help during busy times.

Cons: Really no protected weekends off. Taking vacation requires a request 1-2 months in advance. Low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, stock plan and discount

Cons: They do not promote from within, so for growth there is always consistent moving and changing locations, or just waiting till there is no one else better suited, even if you were the best suited in the beginning.
Advice: Learn to see the people who are working within the store rather than prioritizing stories you are hearing from other stores.
Pros: It was a great learning experience for soft skills and being able to take advantage of all the benefits they had to offer

Cons: One downside I experienced was that despite requesting time off well in advance, even three weeks beforehand, my time off was canceled multiple times.
Advice: None
Pros: This store has great leaders who create a positive and inclusive atmosphere for employees. They really care about helping employees grow by providing training programs, workshops, and mentorship opportunities. With good pay and benefits, it's an attractive place to work if you want a rewarding career with Apple. The store also promotes teamwork, which sparks creativity and innovation as everyone works together towards shared goals.

Cons: Benefit offerings for part-time employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great discount towards apple products

Cons: High volume of work which can be challenging
Advice: Respect your employees and do not pay them low wages
Pros: Inclusiveness, shared decision making and fun

Cons: - None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits - Apple Park is an amazing place to work - Excellent pay

Cons: Retail work with Apple is incredibly fast-paced. Your day will be over before you know it.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great culture, great benefits.

Cons: Schedule Hours Retail Customers Sales
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Leadership Diversity Equity

Cons: None technical people in charge of technical people
Advice: Behave like managers and not dictators. Listen to employees and advocate for them, not against them. Employees should not be attacked or retaliated against when the company says no retaliation. Employees should not be punished for being sick.
Pros: There are no Pros anymore

Cons: As with all large companies, your work responsibilities can get very narrow.
Advice: None
Pros: Talented team, good compensation and benefits

Cons: Management. They will try to find any reason to write you up
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and coworkers. That’s it

Cons: Work-life balance could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty good compensation, challenging work and a great talent pool

Cons: can be hectic from time to time because the store is busy
Advice: None
Pros: there are many good coworkers

Cons: People were not good too liberal.
Advice: None
Pros: Money was good for the job.

Cons: Pay should be higher considering how draining the job can be as a technical support specialist.
Advice: Always stay positive. Put yourself out there more and network, career growth depends on it (LITERALLY).
Pros: Benefits are amazing. So many different groups that Apple celebrates. Extremely diverse and nice and genuine people.

Cons: not way to move up and management is competently incompetent
Advice: None
Pros: outlook is okay and food is good

Cons: You have to be very talkative
Advice: None
Pros: Cool job would recommend to anyone

Cons: customers can be very rude
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work at

Cons: - not very competitive salary - not very transparent from upper management
Advice: None
Pros: - good wlb - very nice people who are patient and willing to help

Cons: Long hours, stressful work also
Advice: None
Pros: Great job, really good pay and good benefits

Cons: Too much office politics and managers favor their own people
Advice: The politics is really not great
Pros: The work culture was really good

Cons: Fast-paced, difficult onboarding experience IF relegated to off-site/remote work (ref. COVID-19 relocation and travel constraints). "Imposter syndrome" common to hi-tech companies was a true-to-life experience for an experienced journeyman engineering professional. Work/life balance was a genuine challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Talented people, cutting-edge technology development, leading market position in many/most product categories. Diversity and inclusion policies and actual hiring practices were the most progressive anywhere.

Cons: It can be intense at times but not all the time
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great job

Cons: Very strenuous and demanding, may stay after hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, highly motivated people

Cons: It can be tough to get attention for women
Advice: Better communication
Pros: Good managers and solid career development

Cons: The pay is a bit low and the days are very busy
Advice: None
Pros: Growth opportunities, fun colleagues and good atmosphere

Cons: Don’t really have any at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and great tech experience

Cons: Imbalanced daily workload cross the week
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts on Apple products. Good amount of PTO

Cons: - Sometimes the projects will require you to work long hours to succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible time - Appreciate your input - Challenging work

Cons: Hierarchical, unfriendly coworkers, cheap company
Advice: None
Pros: None I can think of

Cons: Short shifts, limited potential to grow at the retail level
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment, Team work mentality, management

Cons: bummy people bad food hard culture
Advice: None
Pros: good pay benefits close location

Cons: I would say none personally
Advice: None
Pros: Great company overall. Really cares about innovation

Cons: scheduling changes and room for improvement within the team
Advice: None
Pros: Peer to peer relationships, positive career aspirations

Cons: There is lack of advancement opportunities l.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay for the position

Cons: Challenging to get a promotion due to having a large organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture, products an intelligent people

Cons: The culture tends to favor the work part of work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, decent benefits, name recognition of the company is nice

Cons: Sick and vacation time is very limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance.

Cons: Unpredictable customers, limited in scope of what you can do for people.
Advice: None
Pros: Good co-workers, stock discount, fair pay, reasonable sick time.

Cons: - Work-life balance can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: - Collaboration opportunities with various teams - Mega backdoor Roth, decent immigration support

Cons: Long Hours Limited Holidays Metrics
Advice: Train to Be more proactive rather than reactive
Pros: Schedule Flexibility Weekly Pay Benefits

Cons: - Salary not comparable to other FRAANG - Toxic work culture. Need to have thick skin and learn to be a snob - Treats employees and suppliers badly
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Perks (gadgets, discounts etc.) - Special treatment from society and future employers

Cons: But forget the work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: You will be paid in tonnes

Cons: Lack of work life balance, terrible scheduling system, some upper management lack of follow through
Advice: None
Pros: Got experience in the tech field, easy job, kept me on my feet and moving, day when by quickly, good people, decent company that supports diversity and inclusion, great experience job training, ease you into the job and support staff, good opportunities looks great on resume

Cons: - Nobody was kept on past the seasonal date - You are expected to really push Apple Care and accessories, which can taint the buying experience
- Interview process is very long
Advice: None
Pros: - Huge fan of Apple products so being able to work in an environment where you get to constantly talk about and use them is great - Pay is very high, especially for retail - Employee discount is generous (25% personal, 15% friends and family) - Work environment promotes growth - Very supportive team

Cons: Full time employment almost never opportunities almost never come Hours suck. Stores are operated like a cult. Your success in the company is based purely on how well you can brown nose. The company tries to "empower" you to work harder with minimal reward. Metrics do not matter in the promotion process. Most staff who have been there for at least a year disassociate to get through the day. Base pay is 25 an hour currently.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are cool. Thats really about it.

Cons: bad people who yell at you
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work for steady money

Cons: No cons at all for this
Advice: None
Pros: I really really liked it

Cons: only con was the commute
Advice: None
Pros: environment, location, customers, training, atmosphere

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy No remote
Advice: The mandatory in person thing is outdated and is gonna lead to a lot of attrition
Pros: Pays well Interesting work lots of opportunities to grow and move

Cons: Can get repetitive sometimes, unclear expectations for the role at certain times.
Advice: None
Pros: Training new employees is fun and rewarding imo, good pay for retail, not too demanding, easy way to promote.

Cons: Highly competitive when applying for new positions
Advice: None
Pros: Family oriented, great culture, lots of opportunities to grow.

Cons: Though they acknowledge the Ops team as the backbone of the store, their needs aren’t often prioritized.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible benefits, especially for a company in retail.

Cons: decent level of challenges to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work for

Cons: Some long work ing hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, bonuses, work environment

Cons: - Very technical - 100s of calls a day - Review based work, and often you will get bad reviews for things that are not your fault.
Advice: Do a better job with review management. Reviews are integral for raises, and employees should not be responsible for the backlash of company policy and device malfunctions.
Pros: - Good pay - Good growth

Cons: - Very difficult to move up
Advice: None
Pros: - Will develop your skills and career

Cons: There are actually no cons
Advice: Nothing....to be specific
Pros: Good Compensation , overall benefits, work-life balance

Cons: Issues with coverage and scheduling due to high demand during certain parts of the year. Can be hard to advance due to how competitive it can be.
Advice: None
Pros: Love the environment, pay, and team.

Cons: Demanding and tight delivery schedule
Advice: None
Pros: You get to work with smart folks who is normally very helpful

Cons: Pay or salary, career development, networking.
Advice: Give more opportunities to grow and advance the career
Pros: Benefits: Healthcare, stocks, retirement, education program.

Cons: More hours to work extra
Advice: None
Pros: Big salary Big projects Cool people

Cons: Culture can sometimes be a pro and a con, lack of diversity, lack of ability to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, remote work, clients and culture

Cons: Culture is terrible and mentally exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: Stocks are really good investment

Cons: Location is hard to get to at times and traffic is
Advice: Listen to employee feedback more, although it has gotten better
Pros: Flexible work life balance and flexible with my class schedule.

Cons: Favoritism within rhw work place makes you feel uncomfortable
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Fast pace environment

Cons: Hectic Busy Standing Tiring A lot
Advice: Just being more available
Pros: Coworkers Growth Fulfilling Fun Easy

Cons: No advancement opportunities within retail.  If you become a genius there is a chance to land a corporate role, but the cost of living offsets the financial reasoning to move.  Many associates complain that they were working themselves to the bone but saving less than they did when in retail.  Managers are absolutely oblivious to their staff; self absorbed with their ambitions ferociously guided by their own career ambitions.  The management is daft, insincere, unhelpful in any regard, and absolutely metrics obsessed.  They only want to know about metrics os they have something to say to senior leaders to make themselves seem intelligent/productive, when in reality they just hide in the managers office throughout their shifts shifting all of their work onto Leads and other team members.  There is no access to sunlight within the building and the air quality is rancid due to all of the people being isolated within the store (no windows, only one large entry door where guests enter).  Seniority puts you at a higher risk of termination because Management wants to save on payroll.  Managers have no respect for individual associates; only team metrics.  Company culture is dissolving faster than that raccoon trying to wash his cotton candy.  
Advice: Stay on the sales floor and contribute to the metrics that have become the primary focus of retail.  Avoiding being on the sales floor or even in the building doesn't help anyone.  
Pros: The pay is just enough to keep you from leaving.  Clean environment.  Plenty of training in your respective role (if requested).  The employee stock purchase program (ESPP) is the primary reason to stay employed.   

Cons: The management there is not good.
Advice: None
Pros: It was an overall great experience.

Cons: It was always something from month to month that needed focus. KPIs that is.
Advice: Care more about an Advisor’s mental health,
Pros: Not having to drive to work

Cons: Customer service , Apply policies , Require to work on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits , good location

Cons: I do not think there is a big problem with the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good food, nice location, I like it

Cons: Company bias, they have favorites
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work for a short amount of time depending on goals and aspirations

Cons: Not enough team members to get work done
Advice: None
Pros: Make your own schedule Learn different industries See businesses grow

Cons: Some people are have a few screws loose but come on it's apple!
Advice: none
Pros: If you want work-life balance and existing projects, work here! Everyone is super nice and super smart.

Cons: long hours, rude customers, small PTO
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and everything

Cons: unorganized internal operations, bad hiring/interview process, poor career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, work-life balance, skill-learning

Cons: Management has ego problems and tends to "coach" or micromanage
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to meet and network

Cons: Very stressful, fast paced, extremely corporate, isolating
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, Good Insurance, can be fun

Cons: Transfer process is terrible Culture great but depends on leadership and store Internal growth can be hinder by politics
Advice: Consistency
Pros: Benefits Cultures Discounts Training Great teammates

Cons: Very hard to have a work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Hourly pay is good, above retail average

Cons: i dont think I have any
Advice: None
Pros: nice place to work here

Cons: No cons to this company
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly and ecological company

Cons: Retail shifts at retail stores
Advice: None
Pros: Best entry-level job in my opinion

Cons: Retail environment, so it's hard for a good work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, wonderful atmosphere, great employee benefits.

Cons: Everything was great I have no complaints
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, people and environment overall great

Cons: Leadership misalignment, team morale .
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, clear guidelines on expectations.

Cons: Not enough opportunities for growth and development in this department
Advice: None
Pros: Health care benefit is good. Employee get 25% discount on most of Apple products.

Cons: Pay is horrible for everything you have to deal with Extreme Stress to the point of mental health problems No movements for advancements anywhere when it comes to remote Force to add new things that you need to support but no pay increase
Advice: Do better, Where are the options for Remote roles, How about better pay for those that have been here for a while. BE FAMILY FRIENDLY company. (AppleCare side). Not to mention what is the point of HR if they will just refer you back to your manager and your manager is no help. For such a big company who says they care about the employees it does not feel that way at ALL.
Pros: Great Health, Dental, Vision Benefits Can accrued Vacation, Sick time

Cons: Leadership can be out of touch
Advice: Avoid being political and retrain yourselves to be out on the floor. Be shining examples of how you got there
Pros: Stocks, 401k great discounts and overall okay

Cons: limited growth upward lots of competition
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment chances to get involved in other orgs

Cons: Very fast environment. Sometimes hard to catch up.
Advice: None
Pros: I love Apple's culture and enjoy working there. Schedule is very flexible. I work with very talented people.

Cons: Low pay percentage relative to top employees.
Advice: Management at Apple needs to redirect their focus to the people that help the stores run. The customer experience is akin to putting on the oxygen mask on the other person in the plane before yourself: The employee suffers at the cost of the customer. It needs to change.
Pros: Fun, team focused, engaging, energetic.

Cons: Experience depends on which store you are at Lack of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Flexible scheduling Great coworkers

Cons: the management were gossipy and it felt like favoritism
Advice: None
Pros: loved the benefits even for a part timer

Cons: Very high call volume Much emphasis on customer reciews
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay at the time Solid training Great coworkers

Cons: unrealistic expectations, all about sales and less about the experience
Advice: put yourself in your employees shoes.
Pros: work life balance, good pay, great benefits

Cons: Lots of works to be done
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn a lots of skills

Cons: bad peopel, products are bad, eh, eh ,eh
Advice: do better
Pros: percentage, discounts, good enviornment, cool

Cons: Low team morale due to extended hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, benefits and salary

Cons: Male dominated atmosphere, long hours, little work life balance, lack of development, lots of politics.
Advice: Be more open to listening to their teams. Put time into development, respecting their teams work and point of view even if they don’t agree. Better conflict management.
Pros: Collaborative team, great incentives, market compensation, fun company activities.

Cons: Senior management is actively hostile to employee needs.
Advice: Respect employees and live up to stated values.
Pros: Smart, creative, excellent colleagues. Decent pay and benefits.

Cons: - No Free Weekends - Hard to get Weekends off
Advice: None
Pros: - Health Benefits - Stocks - Discount

Cons: No cons at all whatsoever, would recommend 100% to work here
Advice: None
Pros: A great place to develop and grow as a person and as an employee.

Cons: Possibly high stress, Lack of process
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge tech, smart people, amazing products

Cons: Supply Chain is very important for IPHONE
Advice: None
Pros: Good morning, welcome to apple, product

Cons: Slow career growth and upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Good work, smart colleagues, good WLB

Cons: Stress stress stress stress stress
Advice: Care
Pros: Cool cool cool cool cool

Cons: Hours and holidays are really busy the whole day
Advice: None
Pros: Training and feedback is very helpful and constructive

Cons: It is very demanding indeed.
Advice: None
Pros: I love a good green apple

Cons: Required 1-2 months in advanced to request dates off, was not always accepted
Advice: None
Pros: Learned different Apple products Learned how to set up phones Always shifts to pick up Was always scheduled days I requested

Cons: Work Life balance can be challenging at times
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of learning, smart teams

Cons: no cons, that's all it is
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay easy schedule great benefits

Cons: Slow moving organization. Too siloed.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership and good benefits

Cons: Seasoned employees good work not seen or valued.
Advice: None
Pros: Creative environment, good starting pay, some good leaders involved.

Cons: bad internet and awful customers
Advice: Be better
Pros: good food and nice coworkers

Cons: none gets busy and hectic
Advice: None
Pros: very good good good good

Cons: Can be quite hectic at some time
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Discounts Hands-on Experience with building software for one of the top companies in the country

Cons: Annoying manager. Very very very annoying
Advice: None
Pros: Money. Safe, Very good products, Good reputation

Cons: I can't think of too many
Advice: They do their best I suppose
Pros: They have a very fun culture

Cons: They have very bad food.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a Great Place to Work.

Cons: Not many cons but can be corporate,
Advice: Micro mangagement can stop.
Pros: Good pay, pto, relaxed work environment

Cons: envrionment depends on manager not so flexible hours
Advice: None
Pros: fun environment good benefits learn on the job

Cons: if you don't work for it you will stay stagnate.
Advice: None
Pros: Love the working culture, so much room for growth is you work for it. Great benefits, and stock plan is great.

Cons: it was a very competitive environment for a college student
Advice: None
Pros: it was a very collaborative

Cons: Health competition to be promoted. No parking fee (Pre-COVID) Need to work in diversity and inclusion on the managerial level. Ambiguity skills if you are not ready.
Advice: Growing the diversity on the managerial level so it will impact much better for support the employee.
Pros: Supportive, networking, and learning about the connection between humans and technology. Proactive, Well-being activities, EAP Benefits Discounts on products and many peaks for you, your family &amp; friend.

Cons: None, it was amazing experience
Advice: None
Pros: It is apple, what not to love

Cons: Hours not adjustable for specialists
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits which include 401k benefits.

Cons: Can be high stress on busy days.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Healthy work environment with good pay.

Cons: too much hectic time consuming
Advice: None
Pros: very good nice beautiful nice

Cons: retail, hours, holiday season, growth, store
Advice: None
Pros: pay , benefits, culture, leaders, discounts

Cons: It was very busy all the time and sometimes they couldn’t grant days off unless you knew about them in advance
Advice: None
Pros: Lovely team and they’ll work to fix any issues and support you in any way they can

Cons: Had the most toxic and nasty line manager I've ever experienced (in 20 years). Sadly he had been around for many years and seems to have a golden ticket with HR.
Advice: None
Pros: Great engineers, exciting ideas and nice compensation

Cons: Very cult like. One of those companies that wants you to drink the kool-aid and pretends they love you like family, but turns around and heavily union busts, pays you scraps compared to the wealth you generate, etc. Everyone sees through the corporate bulls---, they GRIND YOU OUT. Soooo many people have to go on short term medical leave for their mental health, including managers making 6 figures.
Advice: Stop being corporate mouthpieces. Stop pretending to care while writing slanderous things in closing notes. Actually fight for your employees to corporate instead of the opposite.
Pros: Best pay for retail-like tech job. Usually great people as coworkers (managers are pretentious and fake)

Cons: not the best work environment
Advice: None
Pros: good pay for employee work

Cons: Job can be demanding and tier 1's are often talked down to by tier 2 advisors.
Advice: None
Pros: manager was caring and always excited to work with.

Cons: Be ready to work… a lot!
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has everything you need to be successful

Cons: Not the best could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great job, loved it every second

Cons: If you work in tech support, dealing with emotional customers can take its toll. If you are able to separate those experiences, it was a good environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple provides technical, customer service, sales, and leadership training to those who desire it. I went from knowing how to sell a phone to computers to getting leadership training through the Lead and Learn program.

Cons: Schedule is made 3 weeks in advance
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good for part time workers

Cons: People can be stinky and smelly
Advice: None
Pros: Great team and fast paced

Cons: It’s still retail at the end of the day
Advice: None
Pros: - great work environments - multiple ways to go up the ladder - lots of roles to choose from

Cons: No major cons are apparent so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, amazing benefits, great work life balance.

Cons: Good schedule Good pay Good benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work. Good leadership

Cons: Pretty much everyone on my team was overworked
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and well comped

Cons: difficult customers that can be rude at moments
Advice: None
Pros: best managers in the industry

Cons: less salary with too much pressure
Advice: None
Pros: great environment with amazing co workers

Cons: Managers were not flexible with scheduling around full time jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with a lot of great people

Cons: The culture was a tiny bit culty. I'm not going to lie. There were times where I felt I was at risk of being recruited into a cult.
Advice: Maybe don't be so weird about how great Apple is. They're selling tech not eternal life.
Pros: Good people - very down to earth. It was a chill environment. Once, a blizzard was due to hit us and I requested to leave. Most people were staying (it's the north east so people have no issue traveling in the snow) but I was worried I'd get snowed in. They let me leave. And if you're from New England, you'd know how big of a deal that is.

Cons: - long hours and shifts often
Advice: None
Pros: - great culture and people

Cons: Very little exposure to whole design
Advice: None
Pros: Smart co workers. Cool projects

Cons: Junk work and managers and projects. Lots validations
Advice: None
Pros: Good money and benefit benefit

Cons: Inconsistent leadership and ever changing protocols
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and pay was better then most mall jobs

Cons: They will watch you via the built in webcam. All team chats are monitored for apple-wrong-think. The culture is nasty and cultish. If you don't worship Tim cook and his gaggle of commissars you may as well quit
Advice: None
Pros: Strong and capable coworkers, remote work is good

Cons: None the job was amazing
Advice: Great management
Pros: Amazing job, fun energetic love it

Cons: No salary pay (entry level roles) or annual bonuses, if worked at genius bar as a technical expert RARE to get small bonus. Interview is always an annoying slow process (convenient for managers schedule, abrupt communication to the employees when it comes to 'phased' interviews). The team dynamic with managers varies per store however, there is no clear cut answer to a specific circumstantial concern (can get a bit annoying) anyone will tell you their opinion differently which can get in the way in your overall day to day performance. My store was new so there was a lot of managerial employees, new to their role, learning as they go but as someone lower status they may recommend something that you may disagree with. Feedback is really big at Apple but if the store doesn't feel comfortable giving feedback, it can lead to toxic work environment. (Flagship stores are drastically different for this very reason, more people,more flexibility,etc) Work life balance is non existent, Apple is always "ever changing" so they currently outsource the scheduling team. It can get quite annoying stressing your needs whether its PTO or overall experience. Only way I can describe working t a store is like small but VERY major on following corporate protocols which isn't the best in your own personal milestones. It does bring structure to the company but it can get in the way when it comes to moving up in the company for example. My particular store has a lot of theft, feeling pressured to constantly look at merchandise when it isn't my job felt inappropriate when we have security guards. It goes again to show you how money is a major stress, even up selling customer for accessories is very much encouraged (never forced), it's hard for me to recommend a product such as Apple's phone cases, when they crack/peel off almost immediately. Doing things that made sense to me for ex: not up selling, not guarding merchandise, I am a very self conscious person and I feel like I most definitely would not get the acknowledgment I needed that I was doing what is right, the numbers is all that matters and I am a regular nice person at the company in the sea of cool people, ya kno? As an employee, you look up to your leaders and I do not appreciate when we had important store visitors they behaved extra nicely and some even encouraged the team to be on their best behavior which I found to be inappropriate. Overall, the job opportunities depend on the economic season as well as Apple's business demands which come in different seasons or months, it can get bad when you need that advancement in your career but there are no openings for what you are going for (It is encouraged you continue to learn in your role). I felt mixed emotions at my particular store wanting two roles with different competencies because in leadership it has a very high potential to get looked down upon as if you don't know what you want to do in your professional career at Apple. It is not discouraged nor encouraged which I found to be more in the grey area.
Advice: None
Pros: People you work with in company's culture is so unique, you would definitely make a tight circle of a network (family vibes). Apple has definitely shifted to a more consumer focus,number focus, culture; as we went through a recession we didn't lose any employees/hours which is a plus, however, seasonal kiddos got kicked because our store was not making enough money. The pay is really good compared to most retail stores (the best you could go for in my opinion but could be better honestly). Apple has a way to increase pay slightly enough to retain their employees because the overall job market does not pay as such, very rare to be starting at the amount Apple gives you. It varies per state but they know where that salary sweet spot is, where it's not to high or low of a benchmark. The benefits team at Apple is really really great at what they do. The health, the stocks, the Apple discounts, the volunteer events, we also get 3 days out of the year paid time off, therapy sessions, transportation passes and probably more hidden gems but those are just the main few. Apple has amazing benefits and a network of resources that most companies do not have. I know now Coursera is new avenue their offering for people who want get certifications in specific courses. There is a lot and Apple is always updating their benefits deals, only time can tell what else, overall really good benefits. One major pro is the surveys every store conducts every year to see how employees feel, great way get connected and align with the team. There is also an employee engagement team that conducts cute employee events that can happen during holidays or any week. The overall experience is very homey, rare thing to feel in workplace I do not take for granted. Even people who work in different stores or different departments outside of the store, very welcoming, very interpersonal, great people for sure. I even had a funny moment after working in company with customer service, they were all really helpful in my situation. I love the people.

Cons: Long hours, lots of stress, many deadlines that keep piling up
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, people and opportunities

Cons: Work life balance need to improve
Advice: Quite supportive. Nothing at the moment
Pros: Great work place with challenging problems

Cons: there are two ways to repesent la system
Advice: None
Pros: Thank you for doing your part to keep Glassdoor the most trusted place to find a job and company you love. See the Community Guidelines for more details.

Cons: hard to navigate when coming completely externally.
Advice: None
Pros: great working environment and lots of built in community

Cons: Inconsistent communication, high expectation above actual responsibilities to achieve results, lack of accountability and favoritism.
Advice: Have a solid direction in terms of responsibilities and policies. Stop making up your own policy to manipulate store's goal and results at the expense of employee's mental health. Be consistent in your communication!
Pros: Benefits, good starting pay, open to feedback, and potential for growth

Cons: Customers ranged from civilized to crotchety. If met with the latter, you could potentially be working with a customer for an alarming amount of time. Be prepared to be verbally assaulted by customers.
Advice: I hope that management can be more clear about the hiring process timeline. From application to acceptance call, the time period was too stretched out for a retail position (3 months to be exact). I found following up was the best way to communicate, but I noticed that receiving hiring process updates constantly went beyond the stated waiting time.
Pros: Leadership continually fostered a place to freely share ideas, advocate for yourself and colleagues, as well as provide tools to better serve the retail store experience. Time management was heavily encouraged for well being, and the team supported one another when needed to meet those requirements.

Cons: Store management in the recent years has gotten worst.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, stock options, and discounts.

Cons: Not always nice at all
Advice: Make me ceo
Pros: Nice pretty much a lot of times

Cons: No room for innovation at all
Advice: None
Pros: Good money and very good environment

Cons: - Fewer benefits than other FAANGs
Advice: None
Pros: - Smart people, good work-life balance in software

Cons: The pay is terrible, especially when compared to other companies. They continuously try to pinch pennies while bragging about profits. Its almost impossible for at home employees to progress in their careers.
Advice: Pay more and offer more opportunities to at home employees.
Pros: The benefits such as stock and health care are great.

Cons: I would improve the feedback situation
Advice: None
Pros: Learning curve is moderate if you like to learn

Cons: Non really, you have to be a self starter
Advice: None
Pros: Make your own schedule, great pay, great leadership, great company

Cons: Stressful at times, can be overbearing
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours good flexibility, lots of pto

Cons: Not a stable environment If you have to do what you’re told, that target will move consistently
Advice: None
Pros: Always interesting projects to tackle Lots of independence if you are the kind of engineer who wants to identify and solve a new problem

Cons: Never get to sleep as you work around the clock.
Advice: Hire more.
Pros: Work culture is great, and people are second to none.

Cons: BPR org is dominated by one nationality watering down the true apple culture.
Advice: None
Pros: The team collaboration is amazing and is the strength of the company

Cons: Software needed to be known for position using windows
Advice: None
Pros: Software learning from start to finish

Cons: Something have to deal with some angry customers
Advice: None
Pros: Great training program Very well organized

Cons: Favoritism, Breaks, Management Team Poor, Poor Work Environment
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Pay, Hours, Activities, &amp; Training

Cons: Customers can be very demanding
Advice: Great team of managers
Pros: High pay than most retail stores

Cons: Skills are not easy to transfer. It’s hard to advance within apple unless you’re staying in retail unless you have training outside of the business.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, dynamic environment and great place to learn new things

Cons: The company doesn't truly represent or live by its values. Also, the skills aren't professionally transferrable. I left to complete my education and have yet to be asked about my retail experience at Apple. I was strung along for promotions for years and am grateful I got out when I did.
Advice: Management should consider the effects of workplace politics when assessing the skill and commitment levels of its employees.
Pros: I worked with a lot of great people at Apple.

Cons: No cons that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for Apple was amazing.

Cons: Working in Best Buy was the biggest con. Entitled customers, rude BestBuy staff, me having to do things outside of my job scope, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: The work culture was good as a reseller since I received Apple benefits. PTO was also good as a part-time student

Cons: Career development is very limited.
Advice: Work on developing talent you have instead of shuffling people around in reorg. Connect the business side of things to engineering. Product development is one-sided with not enough context.
Pros: Stable financials (strong balance sheet).

Cons: .no windows or natural light
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people and fun perks

Cons: Low wages for workload and similar jobs in the market
Advice: Managers are doing their best but are also overworked and underpaid. Corporate needs to reassess its approach to Apple retail.
Pros: Good benefits for part time and full time employees Good for a foot in the door tier 1 IT job

Cons: Work Life Balance; working with the public is trying at times
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits; Stock options; working with like minded people

Cons: Entitled customers, make a difficult to work here, your store might be shortstaffed often, and you may or may not have a micromanager. It’s also quite difficult to move up unless you are extra friendly with management.
Advice: None
Pros: You’ll meet some of the best people. The benefits are also a huge park, in addition to the hourly rate.

Cons: nothing to be honest it's a pretty good job
Advice: None
Pros: Launches are fun cool discounts cool people work life balance is actually a thing

Cons: Overwhelming work at times during rush hours due to popularity
Advice: They were wonderful! continue to support the team you create.
Pros: Amazing benefits as an employee and great atmosphere to be in

Cons: Na na na na na
Advice: None
Pros: Working with amazing talent and technology

Cons: Favoritism is heavy in management
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and grow

Cons: Management not cool to work with
Advice: None
Pros: People cool to work with

Cons: 13 years and no "Apple Car" now with a major leak .. This tells you the utter incompetence that plagues Apple. The company thinks it's cooler than it really is and hasn't innovated in over a decade.
Advice: Fire everybody that Tim Cook has brought on since 2012 .. find suitable replacements that can innovate.. Then fire Tim.. His mundane management and no frills corporate bloat have made Apple the boring ho - hum company Steve Jobs thoroughly hated.
Pros: I once saw Stevie Wonder perform at IL1

Cons: Hard projects and relocation no WFH
Advice: I have no advice
Pros: Good WLB and positive coworkers

Cons: -mangement -long hours standing -customers can be rude -working long shifts
Advice: None
Pros: -pay -co workers -discount -helpful

Cons: hours fluctuate between busy and slow seasons
Advice: None
Pros: good part time. coworkers are nice

Cons: bar, people, clientele, volume, pace
Advice: None
Pros: cuz , working environment , sales, bar

Cons: - Retail to Corporate career paths are murky - Secrecy poses challenges
Advice: None
Pros: - Many ancillary benefit options - Thrill of product reveals (double-edged sword)

Cons: wouldn't let me work fully remote after covid
Advice: talk nicer to each other
Pros: good pay, some great people

Cons: Hardware focus, harder for software engineers.
Advice: None
Pros: Being a large and prestige company, you get to work with the best of the best.

Cons: Weekend hours Constantly changing Holiday extended hours
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing healthcare Great culture Amazing co-workers

Cons: customers can be a lot and managers really baby the bratty customers that come in
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits like stocks, gym reimbursement and product sales

Cons: Very difficult to strike work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Best products in the world

Cons: I do not have any to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Very diverse and inclusive environment.

Cons: Management did not show that they cared one bit about employees. It felt like they were actively trying to get us to quit. The Apple "culture" is outdated and delusional.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good experience for resume

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work if there is no need to go in.

Cons: Nothing bad to say here
Advice: None
Pros: It's a nice place to be at

Cons: The company is being more numbers based which is bringing down its value.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple Benefits are great 👍🏾

Cons: Low hours and little opportunity for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, high paying customer service role

Cons: No downsides for me. It was great.
Advice: no
Pros: Great time at apple. Recommend.

Cons: there were none at all
Advice: None
Pros: this is great place to learn

Cons: The store manager of the Atlanta, GA stores created something called a ‘scorecard’ which made working at Lenox mall Apple VERY difficult. It was a very competitive field, even if it didn’t seem like it. There were a lot of associates giving back handed compliments, cherry picking customer sales, and even doing sexual favors to stay high on the score card. A LOT of associates were unhappy with how things were being done and all they did was stress about this scorecard, even outside of work. Associates felt like they couldn’t give feedback on how they were being treated because at any moment you could be pulled aside and told ‘your not doing too well on the scorecard’ and suddenly higher ups are keeping a more watchful eye on you than they should. When dealing with sale issues, They try to make it seem like they’re on your side when you need help with something and you should of “gone to them sooner”, yet you went to several leads/experts before with issues and yet they still look at you like you don’t know what you’re doing somehow? They barely know their associates when they think they do
Advice: Get rid of the scorecard, there are a lot of illegal and disgusting things associates are doing to stay high on it and I frankly don’t think The original creator of Apple, would be proud to know you’re implementing a toxic work tactic. Mind you the scorecard doesn’t even exist at other apple locations outside of Atlanta.
Pros: I had a great work-life balance, you get benefits as a full or part timer, pay is great, they offer snacks/food &amp; you get frequent breaks to take a moment to yourself

Cons: tech support is very demanding mentally
Advice: None
Pros: Good managers good people good pay

Cons: Certain stores have a harder time with internal growth than others. After I left the company (not no bad terms), I still had friends who worked for apple who were looking to progress and work up the ladder. After I recommended leaving that particular store (Apple Fifth Ave) and transferring to another location, their career development was immediate. Be mindful for environments that speak about professional development and growth but do act on the practice. This happened with multiple people. However this is my only con, everything else about the company is great.
Advice: None
Pros: We didn't have sales quotas. The job was solely educating customers on products and providing great customer service. Great for those with no tech experience, apple will do all the internal work to train you. What they look for are people who are passionate and go above and beyond with customer service. Being a people's person!

Cons: When there’s bad leadership it makes work much more difficult and stressful than needed to be
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great colleagues, fun environment to work in

Cons: They keep changing the charging port
Advice: None
Pros: Big fan of the products

Cons: I was Overworked at apple
Advice: N/A
Pros: They provide many career opportunities.

Cons: managers are really bad bad
Advice: not much
Pros: very fun at apple yay

Cons: long commute to job for Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: high pay, lot of work

Cons: Not a good place to go an learn. It's starting to be the new Google.
Advice: None
Pros: High value, good WLB, you can expect RSUs to grow in value.

Cons: -Holiday work (retail environment) -Reduction of hours (if part-time) depending on the seasonal traffic
Advice: None
Pros: -tuition assistance -paid time off -internal hiring and growth -various options of opportunity and relocation

Cons: hours that are required are somewhat extensive and can become exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great for personal development up to a certain extent, great for tech.

Cons: Depending on where you are, it can be hard to generate upward movement. From the retail side if you work in a store where there are not any other Apple Retail locations nearby, i.e within 100 miles, the ladder of the store can stagnate.
Advice: None
Pros: There is never a dull moment, if you want a job where you always have something to do and encounter every type of person out there, Apple Retail is a great fit.

Cons: Hard work sometimes goes unnoticed
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great company and they pay very well for retail

Cons: Very few options of growth Smallish local team Dramatic team culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Great pay Employee support

Cons: Hard to move up in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great job. I would recommend it to anyone.

Cons: Retail hours, holiday hours, and constant change of work pace.
Advice: Hire more people from within for manager and lead roles.
Pros: Great benefits and discounts. Room to grow within the company.

Cons: Work life balance doesn’t exist Managers are very incompetent Numbers and metrics matter until promotions are desired
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Stock options Good stepping stone for a better job

Cons: Non-negotiable salaries Low salaries for role descriptions inflexibility with certain roles that can be done fully remote but still want you to come to the office No overtime allowed Getting paid the same in rotational opportunities that requires more work and taking on further responsibilities such us TL, quality moderator,...
Advice: Advocate more for employees compensation and if in hourly pay, let people work OT to offset the salary
Pros: Supportive management Great benefits especially for new parents, Cleo. EPP stocks, discounts on products Great work environment and culture Pay raise after performance review Opportunity of growth within the division or transferring out to another department Rotational opportunities for position that might open in the future

Cons: High stress, fast paced, conflict resolution.
Advice: Empower more employees to diversify their skills
Pros: Communication from the top down, and feedback welcome to and from everyone.

Cons: No bonus or incentive structure whatsoever; managers literally bonus from your work. Management is based on cronyism and they do NOT care about their employees whatever. Expect to be doing multiple jobs at once, all the time. Extremely hostile to unions, and constantly untruthful regarding this. Very unreceptive to the concerns of black employees.
Advice: If your soul is your people, as you say - treat them as such. There is no reason people should be needing second jobs and struggling to pay rent when this company made more than $2,000,000 PER employee last year. Corporate lives a totally distinct experience to retail.
Pros: Benefits, especially for full time can be quite useful. .

Cons: Can’t exactly think of one
Advice: None
Pros: Love the management and leadership at Apple

Cons: High pressure and expectations: Apple competes in a very cutthroat market where there are very high standards for success and innovation. You are under a lot of pressure as a product manager to fulfill tight deadlines and provide goods that adhere to Apple's standards.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple provides competitive salaries and comprehensive benefit packages, including stock options, health insurance, retirement programs, and employee discounts. These benefits increase the financial value of working at Apple.

Cons: Company has terrible work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: stock has appreciated very well

Cons: High workload and team dependent
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and benefits

Cons: The customers have to be the worst part. They are willfully ignorant of their devices but try to stress how important it is to them. They don't put any effort into understanding or trying to learn their devices and expect us to do everything for them.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture and the people that work there are amazing. Some of the most kind and personable people I have ever met

Cons: Long work hours. Insane customers who are entitled They raise entry level pay without adjusting higher level pay, during my tenure at the end I was there for 3 months shy of 10 years, I was a senior advisor and before the raise was making 8$ over base pay which was fair but then the increase to base but senior employees ended up making 1.75$ over base
Advice: Think about the employee
Pros: Management is good at helping you get a head

Cons: Difficult to drink water, customer interactions are very long and people can very easily become upset with you for something you cannot control
Advice: None
Pros: Accommodating, understanding and relaxed culture. Heavily enforce a healthy work/life balance

Cons: sometime the metrics got overwhelming for the daily goals
Advice: None
Pros: the company is great and so were their policies

Cons: They where not very flexible with my school schedule, so I had to leave my position :/
Advice: None
Pros: Get pay for the area, benefits even for part time, management was a dream to work with

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work here

Cons: Retail scheduling can be difficult to manage.
Advice: None
Pros: Growth opportunities are plentiful and clearly defined. Apple has a habit of taking care of employees and has a fantastic benefits package for all permanent employees.

Cons: micro management and lazy team members
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: No enough hours sometimes but overall ok
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work I’d you’re motivated

Cons: the calls are heavy! back to back non stop.
Advice: more training could go a long way
Pros: Remote position- nice overtime so it makes your pay worth it. its only offered sometimes

Cons: Can't work from a laptop. Always on 6 month rotating schedule.
Advice: Advocate for your staff in picking their own shift.
Pros: Managers care about you. Fun like-minded teammates.

Cons: Schedule, little to no movement
Advice: None
Pros: Environment, benefits, salary, team, forever changing

Cons: hard work. Have to people available
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and stock plans

Cons: lower and middle level management are not engineers. More and more managers have never been individual contributors.
Advice: Do not promote internal bureaucracy ..
Pros: good salary good benefits and RSUs coworkers and smarr

Cons: Long hours, new projects are always given at any time
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company, amazing benefits and management

Cons: Metrics to meet on phone Customers suck
Advice: None
Pros: PTO tuition reimbursement Work from home 401 k

Cons: Expenses are very high in
Advice: None
Pros: Location is very very nice

Cons: Should work hard under high pressure
Advice: Nothing just to take into consideration their employee vision
Pros: Very friendly very good conpany and good for your cv

Cons: None it was great place to work used to do annoying bag checks but I think they stopped
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and great people

Cons: The cons are literally the same as the pros.
Advice: None
Pros: I was pushed to achieve things I thought were impossible given the time constraints.

Cons: Growth in current role Transferable skills
Advice: None
Pros: Technology you work on Culture

Cons: Terrible management that over promises and fails to deliver constantly. Management lacks ability to take responsibility or follow up effectively on concerns expressed by employees. Company brainwashes the “core value” of inclusivity but disrespect Spanish speaking employees by not compensating for requiring use of a second language. Leadership gas lights employees by claiming they’re “addressing” concerns that have years of being raised. Leadership is non existent, tasks are delegated without guided support or follow ups.
Advice: Took years to finally get a head of people that can actually focus on people and not be split along with retail like Deirdre was . Please don’t disregard your workforce for that long again.
Pros: Great benefits like stock options and health insurance plans.

Cons: Cult Like Mentality Harassment for choice of personal non apple products. Scheduling Not Flexible Part Time Employees are not offered Protection Area Prone To People who like to touch young women &amp; Management will not stop them. Management will also not give the women who complained the available positions in store for PT employees where they did not have to interact with creepy customers or even put a simple sign telling customers to not touch people. Managers insisted that the job includes letting people touch you.
Advice: Protect Your Employees.
Pros: Free Apple Software (Like Logic, Final Cut Pro + Main Stage (was not available to download when I worked there) Discount on Apple Products for you + friends &amp; family. Special Privileges For Mall Employees Special Privileges for Apple Specific Employees Relaxed Dress Code Clean Security In Store

Cons: In my experience, it was so difficult to move to the next role. It almost felt like you had to be social with the managers and have them like you to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: The literal best retail space to work in

Cons: I don't have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, clear boundaries

Cons: too much work, a lot of people
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, good community. Good perks

Cons: sometimes the work is a little hard
Advice: None
Pros: East people, kind people nice people

Cons: schedule can be a bit spontaneous
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is the best around

Cons: Pay is less compared to Google and Meta
Advice: None
Pros: Decent Pay. Balanced work life

Cons: Bad work life balance can’t think of anything else
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people High performance Good learning

Cons: Stressful, repetitive, unappreciated and lacks support.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home. Good benefits.

Cons: Company has changed for the worse over the last two years. I&amp;D culture has swung the pendulum too far one direction so much so that it’s virtually impossible to get a promotion unless you view the world and yourself through the lens of indentity politics. Merit, team buy in,  results, and performance aren’t weighted at all through the application and interview processes. The worst employee in the company could get a promotion if they carefully architect the words they say in the interview. The words in the interview are all that matter. They say this is to remove bias and even the playing field for external candidates. Unfortunately, we have not been hiring good external candidates for any role since we started returning to work in 2020, especially in leadership roles.
Advice: Merit, performance, and results should be paramount in the interview process. Not stories. Start training repair technicians offsite again. Online learnings alone are creating technicians who continuously break customer devices. Vet your external applicants more. Don’t buckle to the union pressure. Stop letting the entitled 18-24 year olds who don’t know anything about the real world bully you around. Return to your old culture. If they don’t like the culture that made us successful, back in the days when our stock actually grew consistently, then they can take a hike.
Pros: Great pay. Great benefits. Sometimes there’s snacks.

Cons: Lots of pressure to succeed
Advice: None
Pros: High paying position and respectful coworkers

Cons: workload too big sometimes, and
Advice: None
Pros: nice culture and nice team

Cons: Terrible scheduling and i hated working weekends
Advice: Schedule people better and they will like you more
Pros: This is a positive workplace and my coworkers were very fun

Cons: I lied so i could use class door
Advice: None
Pros: Do not listen and do not care

Cons: not any real cons that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: lots of learning discounts great benefits that they fofer

Cons: contract employment new to entertainment business
Advice: None
Pros: Stock options diverse work force

Cons: not much as long as youre proffessional
Advice: keep it up
Pros: everything is good and high level

Cons: Bid for schedule. No other Con's.
Advice: I don't have any advice for management.
Pros: OTJ training, excellent benefits, started me with my first company stock options.

Cons: Support functions are treated like cattle. If you are not an engineer don't expect anything but someone squeezing every ounce of energy out of you.
Advice: None
Pros: Well known company with lots of opportunities to learn for early in career

Cons: micro manage every little thing
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and work from home

Cons: It’s inside a mall which makes it hard to enjoy retail part.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities within the company

Cons: Can be difficult to learn the content
Advice: None
Pros: Nice way to interact with people, good benefits, friendly work environment

Cons: Current role does not offer bonuses or RSUs.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive of professional development and training.

Cons: Well it’s retail! Ridicules goals.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and great discounts.

Cons: nothing. be open to change
Advice: None
Pros: learn everything you can. apple

Cons: There are none to mention.
Advice: None
Pros: People, people, people, values, and choices.

Cons: There's only so far you can grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is usually very kind.

Cons: Extreme pressure from management to consistently meet and exceed Unrealistic KPIs expectations. Management is out of touch with their employees and they refuse to acknowledge the low employee morale.
Advice: Treat your employees with respect and understanding. Stop putting KPIs expectations over Customer Service and employee morale. No career progress. Absolute minimal pay rise. No yearly bonus. Customers that lack understanding and technology ultimately get to decide your QA Scorebwill be used against you.
Pros: Great benefits and starting pay. Opportunity to work from home.

Cons: Long term work gets repetitive and pay does not justify some micro managers
Advice: None
Pros: Fast growth and good pay

Cons: Not a lot of freedom. Forget if you plan on having a family.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s apple. Provides stability. Neat accommodations and bonuses provided every once in a while.

Cons: Some are could have a different environment and under payment
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, work environment, benefits, fitness center and wellness center

Cons: Rude customers and very busy during the holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Paid pretty well for being in customer service and a good discount on products.

Cons: Horrible manager, lots of internal politics, lack of mobility between teams
Advice: None
Pros: Great technology, excellent salary, great reputation

Cons: Retail opportunities are far and few between, but once you find yourself in a role, Apple is an amazing company to be with
Advice: None
Pros: great work environment within the company

Cons: Hectic work environment--high volume of customers.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to grow from within the company.

Cons: Being lonely from being remote.
Advice: None
Pros: They provide the technology for you to work with at home.

Cons: Long hrs Sometimes, cut throat competition
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Good Benefits, Great Pay and WLB

Cons: kind of difficult at times
Advice: None
Pros: really cool people that join and train

Cons: Some people are really pushy.
Advice: Allow people to have an open mind.
Pros: the culture is nice, and the benefits are good. Pay is also good.

Cons: It is a retail job and has many of the cons associated with that.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work place environment and a team who really care for one another and wants what is best for all.

Cons: * Slow to react to job market. Being reactive rather than proactive. * No free food
Advice: needs more WLF
Pros: Enjoy my work here, challenging/interesting projects each year to keep me entertained. Reasonable compensation. Good perk.

Cons: Not opportunity to grow, bias management, very monotonous work, underpaid.
Advice: Respect their employees, take into consideration surveys, don’t treat us as numbers, be fair with compensation, be out voices.
Pros: Diverse culture, Apple Stocks, products discounts.

Cons: -Long hours -Always busy in store -Understaffed at times
Advice: None
Pros: -Growth opportunities are endless -Managers care about growth and development -Team culture is good -Pay is good for retail -Allows for easy time off

Cons: limited upward mobility, pay is mid range for the richest company in the world
Advice: Share more profit with employees as the richest company in the world.
Pros: Supportive, benefits, work from home, stock

Cons: room for growth only if you're constantly exceeding goals
Advice: None
Pros: diverse, fun, and innovative, training is nice

Cons: They have roles where the job duties outside the company would be compensated much more. However, because they do not refer to that role in the same way they do outside the company, they can get away with putting people in those positions who may not be qualified for the role and pay them lower than average salary.
Advice: Upper management should offer more opportunities for employee growth and compensate them for their work.
Pros: It’s a great place to get experience in your perspective field. They have great benefits and it’s a prestigious company to work for.

Cons: more innovation is needed with engineers
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: work life balance poor upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: great learning opportunities reliable pay cool products

Cons: not necessarily a con , however some technical issues can not be fixed via phone
Advice: None
Pros: Good &amp; reliable team work overall

Cons: no work life balance the hours are long and always customer presenting, it can be mentally draining.
Advice: None
Pros: development opportunities compensation great team and resources

Cons: Nothing was bad. I liked all.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything was really great there.

Cons: I didn’t like the hours
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed my work and culture

Cons: No control over schedule and timings
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and insurance benefits

Cons: Can be somewhat cultish, like people say. Loose metrics but tough supervision
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits (discounted products &amp; services, discounted partners, PTO, vacation, medical support, insurance, stock options) Lenient on policies as long as you do your job

Cons: i dont have anything negative to say
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for . i like it

Cons: Too much management and process
Advice: None
Pros: Good management and proper process

Cons: Your manager greatly impacts your experience.
Advice: Take heed of the advice you're given
Pros: Top-notch benefits Peers are incredibly intelligent and passionate

Cons: Too many customers for comfort.
Advice: None
Pros: People are fun at Apple.

Cons: The retail stores are not managed consistently. Some markets have great reviews, and employees love working there. Others are trying to unionize. The market I worked in was very toxic, and they did not treat employees fairly.
Advice: Treat your employees how you would want to be treated. Don't target individuals that you don't like or are easy to coach out, focus on having the best team as a whole.
Pros: pay is good, it got better after I left. It's hard to beat Apple's benefits when it comes to a retail job

Cons: It is a very large company
Advice: None
Pros: I really liked working here

Cons: Cannot share information about Apple
Advice: Can be more respectful
Pros: Good pay and good hours

Cons: Very very busy most of the time. There weren't many days where we could just 'stand around'. The manager culture is absolutely horrible. They reward based on 'attitude' over skill. The feedback culture is completely corrupted, using extremely broad competencies to justify promotions for their favorite employees over skilled employees.
Advice: Hiring based on favorites leaves the team struggling.
Pros: Amazing pay. I went from making around $9/hr with Best Buy to $15/hr with Apple. Doing pretty much the same thing. (I ended my tenure at $20/hr) Prior to this I worked at Hollister, Target, Verizon, and Best Buy. This is, by far, the best retail experience you can have. Education reimbursement is what allowed me to leave retail altogether.

Cons: Working crazy hours and having to work most weekends
Advice: None
Pros: So many opportunities to own your growth and development.

Cons: Apple Care department is very draining and very little support from peers/management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Awesome amenities and a very inclusive Company

Cons: Stressful and always busy in the store.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people you work with!

Cons: Null . Workplace is good
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Good for job growth . Career

Cons: None the security is high which is a pro actually
Advice: None
Pros: great work enviroment stellar management

Cons: Heavy on pushing sales and marketing
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a great base salary

Cons: Nature of call center style roles
Advice: None
Pros: Training Work from home Benefits

Cons: No cons for this job other than extreme business during holiday season
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits and a great environment.

Cons: Customer service can be tiring
Advice: None
Pros: For the most part, they give you all the equipment you need

Cons: - Extremely high-stress environment - Full-time employment will suck the life out of you. Everything is a rush and you are not praised for taking your time with customers to give a great experience. - Management does not truly care about its employees (as much as they pretend to) and I have worked at more than one location. - Customers' happiness is put before any bad treatment of employees by the customers - Easiest time to change roles in the retail stores is in the beginning, after that...there's a lot of politics involved. - Management knows who they want in certain positions and will do their best to keep others out of certain roles. - Reporting management goes nowhere no matter how many higher ups you speak with. Nothing came of the any mistreatment reports I put in. I witnessed countless employees do the same and management never got penalized.
Advice: - Value employees as you do the customers - I get that you care about your job, but you should care about the mental well-being of your employees - Communication about in-store operational strategies needs to be better...when I worked in store...managers and leads were never on the same page because managers only wanted to talk to managers - Keep employee private information PRIVATE and confidential instead of spreading information to everyone
Pros: - Part-time employment is great and can be flexible. - Benefits are some of the best I've ever had at a company (medical, mental health, fitness, tuition reimbursement, etc.) - Job security is definitely there. - Strict processes are in place to handle poor performance. You will not just "get fired" unless you are truly doing something wrong or inappropriate. - Growth within the company and ability to change roles. - Constantly learning new information about products and software.

Cons: There is nothing to complain about.
Advice: They have perfect management
Pros: great benefits, understanding from managers

Cons: Constant Change Fast Paced No set daily schedule, may have to work late hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits Set Weekend Day Off Good Pay Compared to other retailers

Cons: its not worth the stress
Advice: None
Pros: the benefits were good that's all

Cons: Work environment can be a bit stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Work with a diverse team

Cons: Poor training expert to much throw you on phone calls quick
Advice: None
Pros: Hire quick and to much

Cons: - Understaffed - Callouts galore - Pay could be better considering the value of the company and the work we do
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits - Generally great coworkers - Pay is pretty good

Cons: Nothing bad to say! my entire time at apple was enjoyable. Especially as far as retail jobs go
Advice: None
Pros: Great starting pay, room for advancement

Cons: Low pay Little time off the phone Potential job insecurity Dead end
Advice: Increase pay and opportunity
Pros: Work at home Mostly nice customers Looks good on a resume

Cons: bad pay negative people hi talk
Advice: None
Pros: nice work nice enviornment good food

Cons: working for the man and sometimes corporate is very snobby
Advice: be better to retail
Pros: career development support treated resepcfull

Cons: It gets busy often and there is not enough support . Can be hard for growth within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is better than most retail jobs.

Cons: Tough hours, challenging tool set
Advice: None
Pros: Great technology and cool culture

Cons: Product launches and software issues can be extremely stressful. Due to the size of the company, very difficult to move departments or move up in position.
Advice: Lay out expectations/examples for moving out of an entry level position and how an employee would go about doing that. Most managers don't have good answers.
Pros: AHA support was 24/7 so we often had the ability to change our schedules and/or work a lot of overtime. Good incentives for overtime hours and general participation. Productive one-on-one meetings. Pretty good pay for entry level position.

Cons: I rarely got to see my coworkers since most of them tried working remotely as much as possible Most my coworkers cared more about the "prestige" of working at Apple rather than the product we were working on. Was sad to see really. The final intern presentation is made to be a big deal but in reality, it is a 15-minute slide show with higher-ups who don't even pretend to be interested
Advice: None
Pros: Get to be on the cutting edge of VLSI design and verification Competitive pay Good intern events

Cons: A bit of a secretive culture. Not always easy to see where you stand with management.
Advice: Make the culture more open, feedback friendly.
Pros: Team that works closely together. Environment is nice and food is good at the office.

Cons: I was told Applecare is a well find oil machine and it’s not going to change. There is no career growth there and there is no financial growth there. I also heard in other meetings people saying if you want to be treated like an adult you work here if you don’t want to be treated like an adult you go work at Apple care support. Upper management doesn’t listen to your concerns. Our pay increases don’t match the cost of living or the value of our positions. We take stressful calls all day long. And by the end of the day your mental health is worn out. This is the main reason why people quit if they’re willing to say it out loud or write it like I am right now. If you need good health care this is the job for you but it’s stressful. Your schedules are based on your metrics and if customers give you one bad review it knocks you out a line. And you have to take more and more calls to get your metrics up. So that means you’re wearing out your mental health at the same time. We often submit suggestions and ideas to upper management and for years that I have been there they have never been listened to by anyone. One of the things that was disappointing by my management was they were going to give us a reward system and then if they were going to give us stickers as a way of showing how we improved. We work for Apple and you’re going to give me a sticker for my improvement? And you never know what type of manager you’re going to get.
Advice: None, do you only say thank you for letting us know and then they do nothing.
Pros: Good health insurance and coworkers.

Cons: Store leadership, but this has since been rectified
Advice: Be more flexible with your employees. Again- this has been rectified
Pros: Apple is one of the best places that I have worked at over the last 10 years. I worked as a technical specialist troubleshooting people's personal devices. The only reason I didn't stay is because I could not commit to working more hours as requested by the former store leader.

Cons: Unlimited time with my kidsz
Advice: Please be more quiet when doing naughty things
Pros: Unlimited time with my kids

Cons: There are too many open windows at the headquarters
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is very well if you work there for long

Cons: azegazegazeg azegazeg azegazega zegazeg azeg
Advice: None
Pros: azrgazegazeg azegazegazg azgazga zegazegazeg azegazeg

Cons: I don’t have any to share
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, flexible, good pay,

Cons: Promoting is close to impossible.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are not terrible.

Cons: Customers sometimes are unreasonable—also, retail hours and no holidays off.
Advice: I believe management needs to be more down-to-earth sometimes. I believe they have unrealistic expectations.
Pros: It's a great job and a great group of coworkers.

Cons: It tooks ages for them to respond
Advice: None
Pros: The interviewer was friendly and asked relevant questions.

Cons: Tough to balance with time
Advice: None
Pros: Was a good experience working in a renowned company

Cons: noise and crowd it, and no water too
Advice: None
Pros: Good places to work and play

Cons: There are no con because Apple is great
Advice: None
Pros: I walked in to the store to buy stuff with ease.

Cons: - A lot re-orgs - occasional microaggressions, e.g. "This place is too [RACE]" "There are too many [RACE][GENDER] here"
Advice: None
Pros: People generally nice. Work / life balance good.

Cons: Work a holiday culture. Poor work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning from the best in class. Competitive pay.

Cons: No cons. No cons no cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company. Good company. Good company

Cons: Company culture can be intense
Advice: None
Pros: Great problems, and great people

Cons: More secretive so an employee may not know what other teams are working on.
Advice: None
Pros: * You work on game changing products. * Nice employee benefits that include employee discount on Apple products, 401K match, parental leave, great cafe, fitness centers and wellness centers.

Cons: Can't think of any other than retail hours scheduling is all over the place for part time employees. Hard to plan things.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, very diverse atmosphere, extremely good benefits like health/dental/vision/discounts and paid vacation/sick time for PART TIME employees.

Cons: Tough place to get used to the pace and expectations
Advice: Keep taking care of your people
Pros: Strong culture of execution and getting things done

Cons: It’s retail so expect no weekends off
Advice: Change hours during weekends no one should be in the store at 8pm
Pros: Money People Benefits Understanding managers

Cons: Too much stress, they make you drown in culture so you might not hate your job
Advice: Care
Pros: The pay was decent i gues

Cons: It’s retail and people love their phones and when they break they take it out on you.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked for Apple for 6 years and while people give them a lot of crap, you aren’t going to find a retail job that treats part timers (full medical, dental, vision) the way they do.

Cons: High expectations: Apple has a reputation for setting high standards and pushing employees to perform at their best. This can be rewarding, but it can also be stressful and demanding. Intense work culture: Apple is known for having a fast-paced and intense work culture, with long hours and tight deadlines. This can make it challenging to maintain a healthy work-life balance. Limited creativity: While Apple encourages innovation, the company also has a highly structured design process that may limit creative freedom for some employees. Competitive environment: Apple is a highly competitive company, and employees may feel pressure to constantly perform at their best and outdo their peers. Limited autonomy: Apple is a highly centralized company, and decisions are often made at the highest levels of management. This can limit the autonomy and decision-making power of individual employees. Limited diversity in leadership: While Apple values diversity, there has been criticism of the company's lack of diversity in its upper management and leadership positions. Long hours: Apple employees often work long hours, especially during product launches and other busy periods. This can lead to burnout and stress.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation: Apple is known for being at the forefront of technology innovation, and working for a company that is always pushing the boundaries can be exciting and fulfilling. Strong brand: Apple is a highly respected brand that is recognized globally. Working for such a well-known and reputable company can enhance your professional profile and open up future career opportunities. Competitive compensation: Apple offers its employees competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages, including health, dental, and vision insurance, retirement plans, and employee discounts on Apple products. Opportunities for growth: Apple is a large company with a variety of departments and roles, providing many opportunities for professional growth and advancement. Inclusivity and diversity: Apple values inclusivity and diversity, and is committed to creating a welcoming and supportive workplace for all employees, regardless of their background or identity. Company culture: Apple has a unique and inspiring company culture, centered around creativity, collaboration, and innovation. Employees are encouraged to think outside the box and push themselves to achieve their best work. Employee development: Apple invests in its employees through training programs, mentorship opportunities, and other resources designed to help employees reach their full potential. Environmental focus: Apple is committed to sustainability and reducing its environmental impact. Employees can feel good about working for a company that is actively working towards a more sustainable future.

Cons: Pay was decent work smart not hard
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was great but things were different

Cons: high velocity pace year round, which requires serious stamina.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible people, great benefits, work life balance, challenging but not too challenging work. When I wasn't focused on furthering my career at Apple, they enabled me to follow my dreams.

Cons: Work load was higher than I anticipated
Advice: None
Pros: It was a job. I was happy to have it

Cons: We were sometimes short staffed
Advice: None
Pros: It is fun to work at a recognizable company

Cons: Lack of structure. Some leaders lacking people leader experience
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative environment. Commitment to DE&amp;I.

Cons: Too many overworking hours and yet not getting paid extra
Advice: To be more precise when agreeing with employees about salary indication and work strss
Pros: Good company to work. Nice environment and alot of interesting people

Cons: It is a bit far from where I live
Advice: None
Pros: I love working at Apple

Cons: Longer hours at times but it’s not that bad
Advice: None
Pros: Everything you’d want from a company

Cons: The pay for front line employees was a little below the average.
Advice: None
Pros: In my decade there the company did everything they could for the employee. The benefits were great.

Cons: If you are unable to go on site, don’t plan to advance in your career
Advice: None
Pros: Reliable work and good support. The benefits package is fantastic.

Cons: - Retail work - Store hour schedule
Advice: None
Pros: - Culture - Excitement - Discounts

Cons: Long hours Retail can be strenuous
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Great pay Great career growth

Cons: None! I haven't had any issues with working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing teams and awesome work.

Cons: Customer facing, The hours are not ideal
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work on devices and repair relationships

Cons: Processes to solve customer issues is limited. Sales focus
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and culture. Inclusion and diversity is a big focus

Cons: Terrible pay, no upward mobility.
Advice: Advocate for the fair treatment of your employees.
Pros: Great cafeteria and some amazing co-workers.

Cons: there are a few cons for working
Advice: na
Pros: pretty ok company to work for

Cons: Pay was decent for industry, yearly review brought pay inline with new employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Job offered good insurance. Very flexible hours and time off was provided. Managers were very helpful and supportive.

Cons: Easy to get stuck at the job
Advice: None
Pros: I liked working here. Good people hired always

Cons: They could substantially more but that’s a long conversation.
Advice: None
Pros: I feel motivated to learn from Apple as everything I learn here is beneficial to whatever work I want to do in the long run outside of tech.

Cons: Being remote is lonely and team feels non existent
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Flexible role and great with it fully remote

Cons: pay increases are few and far between.
Advice: retain more employees by consistent raises and better restricted stock units please.
Pros: Benefits are the best around, and time off includes unplugging completely.

Cons: its sometimes a hard job
Advice: None
Pros: its a very good paying job

Cons: Work is really hard hard
Advice: do more things good fo rpeople
Pros: Scheudule is great at times

Cons: Fewer "levels" to climb, hence the slower climbing process.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance usually.

Cons: Really didn’t see much cons other than. No fixed weekend off schedule
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Always someone to learn from great diverse team.

Cons: Not enough hours, hard to request for more hours.
Advice: None
Pros: This was an amazing opportunity! Able to learn so much from products to professional skills.

Cons: Being retail, you have to work weekends and many holidays (Black Friday, Christmas Eve, New Years Day, etc..). Apple corporate job salaries are very high, while wages for mid-level retail jobs where one tries to make a career out of it are average.
Advice: No suggestions. Management gets a 10/10 from me.
Pros: Positive environment. Managers who care. Excellent benefits. Through covid, they preserved all jobs, raised wages with inflation, and prioritized mental health. Employees learn valuable life skills and have opportunities for career experiences.

Cons: Projects move slow bc you need constant buy-in from multiple groups.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart coworkers, relaxed environment overall, hybrid schedule

Cons: Salaries aren't livable. There is a lot of micromanaging, they want the most from you but provide minimal salaries.
Advice: If you provide a fair salary for the cost of living in this area your turnover rate would decrease. Nobody can work to their fullest potential if they still have to worry about how they're going to pay their bills.
Pros: Culture amazing, most of the people are amazing.

Cons: Sometimes project deadlines make you work under pressure and stress.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment. Lots of working benefits.

Cons: Long hours doing a Holiday
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Things are always adapting and changing

Cons: No specific cons. The job was awesome
Advice: None
Pros: Gained more experience in customer service field

Cons: heavy workload and stressful market environment
Advice: None
Pros: high salary and flexible worktime

Cons: nothing, no cons at all, it was nice
Advice: None
Pros: loved it very much and will go back

Cons: A lot of projects going on so it might get very busy
Advice: None
Pros: High salary / Employee perks (discount on apple products) / 401k / ESPP /

Cons: Long hours and colleagues are not always friendly
Advice: Keep investing in your people
Pros: High compensation, lots of interesting work

Cons: you don't have your own life while working there
Advice: None
Pros: your family is happy that you work for Apple

Cons: Hours are sometime a lot.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for the employee.

Cons: Scheduled Management’s Work balance People Shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Great place Benefits People Opportunity Perks

Cons: Really good pay. Have lots of experience
Advice: None
Pros: Most jobs are in California

Cons: There are no down sides
Advice: None
Pros: Ok pay Nice co workers Got 95% discount on an iphone

Cons: Not enough hours to part time employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and environment with coworkers and management

Cons: horrible work environment based on customers not coworkers.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits like paid parental leave and stocks

Cons: Need More work hour flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and instead of laying off workers they are just not hiring. They keep everybody that’s already working for them.

Cons: High expectations: Apple is known for having high expectations for its employees, which can lead to a demanding work environment. Long hours: Depending on the role, working at Apple may require long hours, including evenings and weekends. Competition for promotions: Because Apple is a highly sought-after employer, there may be competition for promotions and opportunities for advancement within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative and dynamic work environment: Apple is known for being at the forefront of technology and innovation, and this is reflected in the company's work environment. Employees at Apple have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects and products that are shaping the future. Great benefits: Apple offers a range of benefits to its employees, including health insurance, 401(k) matching, and employee discounts on Apple products. Employee development: Apple places a strong emphasis on employee development and provides a range of resources and opportunities for employees to learn and grow in their careers.

Cons: lousy work and loser all around
Advice: None
Pros: none is worth of mentioning.

Cons: Stressful at times but manageable
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work Great people

Cons: nothing at all everything was above and beyond wonderful
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work and growth potential

Cons: Each store was cliquey. If you weren't friends with management you'd get passed over for opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits were pretty good.

Cons: Some potential cons of working at Apple include a competitive and fast-paced work environment, which can be stressful for some employees. Additionally, there may be a high expectation for secrecy and confidentiality, which can make it difficult to share information or collaborate with others outside the company. Some former employees also reported feeling micromanaged or having limited autonomy in their work. Additionally, some employees may find the company culture to be exclusive or insular, and may not feel that they fit in with the company's values and way of working.
Advice: None
Pros: Some pros of working at Apple include the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technology and products, a strong company culture and brand, competitive compensation and benefits, and potential for career advancement. Additionally, many employees report a positive work-life balance and a supportive and collaborative work environment.

Cons: There’s nothing to complain about
Advice: None
Pros: Super friendly and supportive great environment

Cons: Lots of folks drink the cool aid.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Shifts are long and soccer is typically just 1-2 days a week
Advice: 
Pros: Good pay, free dinner &amp; snacks

Cons: Very demanding and high pace Customers are jerks
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits Good pay for retail Good support

Cons: There is a lot of favoritism
Advice: No more favoritism
Pros: You meet a lot of people from different backgrounds which is nice

Cons: Scheduling can be a little bit of an issue
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and great training, prepares for mostly what you'll encounter in daily responsibilities

Cons: 1. High-pressure work environment: This does not apply to all roles and areas but in some more than others the demand is very high and sometimes that pressure is not sustainable. 2. Lack of work-life balance: Apple is good about encouraging this but again this only applies to specific teams where there is less of that and others have more of this dependent by role. When I worked here I had this a good amount but just pointing this out. 3. Highly competitive culture: This could be a Pro for some and others a Con. Many times people want to grow and stay with Apple which is great but the competition for advancement can be extremely daunting at times. 4. Limited opportunities for creativity: Again, dependent on role. There can be a stagnation in the exploration of creativity when there are specific metrics that are driving specific outcomes.
Advice: Improve work-life balance: While Apple's high-pressure workplace is a major contributor to its achievement, it's critical to place a priority on employee wellbeing and prevent burnout. More flexible work schedules, vacation incentives, and the provision of mental health resources could all be helpful in this area. Encourage a collaborative and team-oriented environment: While healthy rivalry is possible, it's crucial to prevent Apple's culture from becoming ruthless or excessively centered on individual success. Partnership and participation are encouraged as a way to build a sense of community among staff members.
Pros: 1. Competitive benefits: benefits package, which includes health insurance, retirement benefits, and generous stock options. Other benefits through third-party promotions, discounts, and incentives vary depending on the season. 2. Innovative and inspiring work culture: There is high praise for Apple's culture of innovation and creativity which does not stop in the credo but continues in their work environment. Since Apple is selective about who they hire you to tend to really enjoy working with similar but diverse groups of people who are passionate about what they do. 3. Opportunities for career growth: This can be looking at a lateral move to another team, a higher role, or working outside your role with a career opportunity for a time period to gain experience in that area. All great things whether you are working in retail or corporate. 4. Engaging in new technology: This is a given working at Apple that you are surrounded by new technology and that is encouraged to foster that sense of continuity of learning.

Cons: At my location you're forced to take the job way more seriously then it is.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and compensation is good for what you do, great opportunity for growth and professional development

Cons: High workload,lack of good supportive management
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative and creative work environment

Cons: Nothing bad everything was good
Advice: None
Pros: Good Job Environment Great Work Culture

Cons: Not much to say. But sometimes you get stuck with the same job for long time.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaboration and great people to work with.

Cons: Hard to get accurate feedback as reviews are done while working and will constantly get interrupted by transactions.
Advice: Set aside consistent time for accurate tracking of your progress
Pros: Great people and very decent benefits for part timers.

Cons: Corporate culture not much growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary you can make money

Cons: Everything was great 👍 😊
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing that I can think of

Cons: crunch was intense and stressful
Advice: None
Pros: good manager and colleagues. work was fun

Cons: Boring and monotonous work most of the time
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and sociable colleagues

Cons: not nice people very not good
Advice: should allow more people in
Pros: Very nice people nice work environment people are nice

Cons: it was a lot of work but not everyday
Advice: keep doing what you are doing
Pros: was good experience for me

Cons: The culture was incredibly toxic and suffocating. The lack of diversity was very problematic, there were no women or POC (tech minorities) anywhere up my entire manager chain all the up to Tim Cook. People I worked with were often rude, impatient, and biased towards underrepresented minorities in tech. Management was unhelpful, often gaslighting complaints. HR is nowhere to be seen. The perks were not worth the trauma.
Advice: Educate yourself into the pitfalls of "inclusion and diversity" efforts. Pay more attention to your team's culture, and work to foster a warm and inclusive environment before a productive one. With the former, the latter will come. With only the latter, work is just miserable even if productive.
Pros: The vacation and sick time, health insurance, pay, ESPP, and other benefits were so great, I was almost always impressed with the generosity and flexibility.

Cons: Some of the coworkers are rude.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and good hours!

Cons: Leadership is not a circular/horizontal structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Connecting with a wide customer base.

Cons: Management could have been better
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great benefits Good work environment

Cons: Organization culture is cult like.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is better than most retail options.

Cons: The customers are hard to talk to
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay good incentives the managers are nice can’t really ask for more as a college student

Cons: micromanagement is a huge problem for employees
Advice: micromane less
Pros: great benefits and pay. always reliable

Cons: -worked on weekends thats it
Advice: none
Pros: -A lot of support during work -managers are very understanding -Treated like an actual human being

Cons: There is nothing bad actually
Advice: Keep it up it is all good
Pros: A very good company would visit again

Cons: Some stores get too big for their own good and end up throwing Apple's culture out of the window. not caring for employees
Advice: Although your store might be generating incredible numbers, do not forget that it is just a fraction of this gigantic company. So please do not throw the culture that made it what it is out the window.
Pros: Nice culture Looks out for employees

Cons: Lies. Bad managers. Power intoxication.
Advice: Sometimes keeping all information to yourself isn’t the best solution. Sometimes been psychopaths isn’t the best management strategy. Don’t lie.
Pros: Money. Stability. Brand. Growth stock.

Cons: Bit of a cog in the machine, real grind
Advice: Keep weeding out the duds, weed put makework..
Pros: Salary, options, manager, cool to work in amazing hardware

Cons: Large corporate mentality and limited room to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Great reputation and innovative ideas

Cons: I don’t have any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits Great culture Options for growth Always felt appreciated Learned great skills to use anywhere

Cons: Culture can be cut-throat, work life balance is challenging if you want to perform well.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work and facilities, smart folleagues

Cons: Not enough opportunities to climb within company
Advice: None
Pros: Team work is amazing Benefits are amazing- gym &amp; tuition reimbursement etc

Cons: Worst job I’ve ever had! You accept to join this trillion dollar company for a crummy hourly rate thinking it is a foot at the door. That is not the case, at least not in the AI/ML group.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are the only reason people stay on this job. Ahh also those who love to say they work for Apple.

Cons: Not enough pay, no room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Fun work environment, good coworkers

Cons: Ridiculously high volume, low pay, old equipment, crazy expectations
Advice: None
Pros: You get to learn about your own phone and solutions to help friends and family

Cons: - outdated and archaic - for the most innovative company, they cannot build a proper homegrown ATS - not open to new ideas, just want people to follow the "Apple way"
Advice: None
Pros: - stock - benefits - total comp

Cons: Busy through out most of day
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits Lots of opportunity

Cons: You have play the game.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Room for growth of you playtime game.

Cons: Too political as a company, no sales incentive in compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Structure, training, benefits, quality of coworkers

Cons: Avoid groups with not enough of their own work, which spend time meddling in others’ business. Good mgt does not allow this; weak mgt looking for credibility with leach or steal others’.
Advice: Move weak players out faster
Pros: No nonsense, efficient teams are the ones to work for. Consistently delivering on schedule with quality gets noticed and rewarded.

Cons: there are no cons that stand out
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, great leadership and benefits

Cons: the work-life balance at Apple can be challenging, and the company has high expectations for its employees to work long hours and weekends to meet tight deadlines. Additionally, Apple's fast-paced environment can be stressful for some employees who prefer a more relaxed work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has a collaborative and supportive work culture, where employees are encouraged to share their ideas and opinions openly. There are also many opportunities for growth and career advancement within the company, and employees receive competitive compensation and benefits.

Cons: I sometimes wish lunch breaks were longer
Advice: None
Pros: I felt like I was valued as an employee

Cons: Ever evolving, so some people have a hard time adapting.
Advice: None
Pros: Dedication to the employee experience, world class benefits

Cons: Good team spirit and unity
Advice: None
Pros: Not enough flexibility with hours

Cons: Needed full time hours, but not enough hours to go around
Advice: None
Pros: Great work atmosphere, friendly coworkers

Cons: Lack of patience with some customers.
Advice: Trust employees more.
Pros: Great place to work and friendly people.

Cons: Too many hours and very little break.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work if your are committed.

Cons: Horrible managers, bad pay, corporate employees has respect but the retail employees at Apple get walked allover and make absolutely nothing compared to how much they sell.
Advice: Gut the retail managers program.
Pros: Good Benefits, Good team mates.

Cons: A little stress, overwork sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Growing career, experience, friendly, motivation

Cons: Depending where you sit, you’ll hear co workers complain just about anything.
Advice: None
Pros: Great for resume building. Co workers Holiday incentives Work environment Cafe Gym

Cons: Didn’t like other parts but it was fine
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed it but some parts were bad

Cons: - too much moniotring - annoying customers
Advice: None
Pros: - great pay - good training

Cons: Top 5: Career movement Low autonomy Low flexibility Compensation RSU amount
Advice: Happy employees make a happy company. Actively listening to your direct reports will go a long way in lifting morale.
Pros: Top 5: Work/Life Balance Employee Resources Top company Team dynamics Great benefits

Cons: I dont have any cons
Advice: 
Pros: No discrimination Open door policy

Cons: no free lunch here akways
Advice: None
Pros: testing for this company is good

Cons: Bad bad bad bad bad
Advice: None
Pros: Great great great great great

Cons: Fast paced and customers are rude
Advice: Less micro management
Pros: Very fun job to work at

Cons: Leadership has a big range, some managers are amazing, some are just there for the pay
Advice: None
Pros: Fun culture Support team members

Cons: Not a great pay , unclear on how to advance e
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice work environment, friendly staff

Cons: Low pay despite company’s continued growth
Advice: Everything is great
Pros: Great benefits, kind managers, fun and lax environment.

Cons: Too perky and preppy, it can feel like everyone “drank the kool-aid”.
Advice: Relax, it’s okay to be upset. There are bad days, not everything has to have a positive slant.
Pros: Management is great and everyone is supportive

Cons: Expected to be on call frequently
Advice: None
Pros: Great team atmosphere, good perks

Cons: more retail than repairs. You don't repair as much as you'd think.
Advice: None
Pros: Great for working in college

Cons: No cons for this role
Advice: None
Pros: Positive environment, opportunities to grow

Cons: Long hours and required to sign nda
Advice: None
Pros: The environment at apple is incredible, the hq is as good as the pictures.

Cons: Nothing that is not that good
Advice: None
Pros: Good good good Good great

Cons: Retail hours aren't for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: The culture and benefits at Apple are amazing

Cons: Room to grow Tools for development
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Schedule Employee Stock Program

Cons: I didn't have any cons working for Apple
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great place to work

Cons: Don’t know why this is important
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance

Cons: They promised bonus at the end of first 6 months and further training for advancement. But at the end of the 6 months when it’s time to pay up and promote , they randomly fire without a reason why. They said they can fire without an explanation. I was at the top of my team.
Advice: Don’t apply here.
Pros: There are no positives about working for Apple. They don’t care about their employees, and they really don’t care about their customers.

Cons: Naturally, the standards are higher which means you are expected to perform at a higher standard. Additionally, they are very strict about attendance. It's okay to take PTO and sick-leave and there's other options for taking time off but they make it very clear that attendance is essential to working at Apple. Additionally, they expect so much out of you and your improvement that I feel is not fit for some people. All-in-all, if you're the type to be super passionate and throw yourself at your work, that's great. Otherwise, you might struggle with the job.
Advice: I think Apple is doing a great job with their management. I haven't had any issues whatsoever only positives. My manger actually feels like a leader who inspires me to do my best and to continue improving.
Pros: So many growth opportunities within the company and great pay. The managers care about the employees and won't give you a hard time for taking some well deserved PTO or Paid-Sick leave. There's a lot of support to grow within the company and it's a very healthy work environment. The benefits are also fantastic.

Cons: Had to work Sundays- no exceptions
Advice: None
Pros: God company to work for

Cons: - retail hours - low flexibility in schedules
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great place to work, start a career, and learn a lot quick! I appreciate the great benefits even for retail employees

Cons: Constantly changing and learning new products &amp; Rules. Dealing with customers. Schedule requirements.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is better than most retail jobs. Amazing Benefits. The culture and environment.

Cons: "Business Expert" is an Account Manager role without the salary and prestige. The sheer high amount of responsibilities are not proportionate to the compensation, compared to industry. The only feasible growth opportunity is to become a Manager at an Apple Store.
Advice: This is by no means a "retail job" and lets not pretend otherwise. Start off with making this a truly a corporate level job and please pay your hardworking employees what they're worth.
Pros: - Benefits - Job Security - Networking - Stock Plan

Cons: Not enough money for me
Advice: None
Pros: Hours are very nice good

Cons: being forgot about so my stuff when are you going to be forgot about Tuesday
Advice: don't forget about the little guys
Pros: I'm passionate about the future and where mankind is headed

Cons: Scheduling can be impactful. Sometimes it doesn't feel like a good work life balance. The pay is good, but it can be better.
Advice: No advise
Pros: Apple gives great benefits to part time/full time retail employees. The company really focuses on growth and development. Management is open to numerous feedback. Apple does hiring a lot of unique people.

Cons: Basic corporate life type of things
Advice: None
Pros: get to learn a lot

Cons: confidential as military many unreasonable rigid rules and policy
Advice: None
Pros: stable income and good respect from outside

Cons: - burnout - request can take a while to fulfill - sometimes short on staffing
Advice: None
Pros: - benefits -PTO -sick time -stock program -fast-paced

Cons: Your schedule is based on surveys from customers and metrics (How fast you help customers) I know it’s a call center but I couldn’t even have a moment ever to myself. Call queue were at over 1k for iOS. People are rude and entitled.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, are good not great. They don’t 100% cover health insurance.

Cons: lower wage than I expected
Advice: None
Pros: good environment in the company

Cons: Not much work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are great

Cons: they'd hire anyone with a pulse.
Advice: None
Pros: it was ok for the money.

Cons: There are no cons to this job
Advice: None
Pros: Good job and good hours

Cons: Frustrating customers and tough metrics to meet.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and there was PTO.

Cons: Need more support on the floor on weekdays.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid pay. Good benefits. Good hours

Cons: Little time to experiment at times
Advice: None
Pros: work with a very talented pool of folks

Cons: Difficult customers Tier 2's not always helpful
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Work from Home Access to internal job postings Good foot in the door

Cons: micro management, poor support , difficulty in exploring new roles
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, intuitive, problem solving,

Cons: Customers can be tough to deal with but not too bad
Advice: None
Pros: It's a wonderful place to work.

Cons: Pay inequity RSU inequity No Bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: Culture Sense of Purpose Open minded

Cons: Non-remote work, percentage salary increase at best
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, pay, management, movement within the company

Cons: Over sensitive co-workers Difficult to move to other areas of the store if you do good at your original position.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Half-off phone plan Great health care A lot of discounts

Cons: Customer support is known for burn out, and Apple is no exception. You will have decent schedules, but you will have tight metrics to meet and remote is a dwindling role in the company.
Advice: Move your star advisors into better fields, fight for higher wages for your staff as they are not keeping up with inflation.
Pros: Apple is a great company to work for, they provide a lot of rotations and opportunities if you are close to their sites. (CA, TX, NC). The At home advisor position provides that flexibility but once you hit T2 senior support you won't be able to move to other positions easily. If you are close to their campus then you have a MUCH easier time moving into alternative roles. I was able to work as a project manager, and a team manager, but every role required me to move and unfortunately I could not make that move at the time.

Cons: The hours were more demanding during the holidays/product launch.
Advice: None
Pros: The team sets you up for success through training and shadowing.

Cons: Need to spend time learning the Apple process.
Advice: None
Pros: Great teamwork and collaboration. Hard work pays off.

Cons: -still a retail jobs -can be a bit challanging to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: great people great benefits fun place to work at tons of oppertunities great discounts

Cons: Its a little long, people drink the juice a little too much sometimes,
Advice: None
Pros: Almost everything mostly the customers and co workers

Cons: Retail hours are rough, very growth options
Advice: None
Pros: Solid healthcare, nobody got laid off during pandemic, company culture one of the best in the world

Cons: I mean it’s work so yeah
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: They weren't able to help with accommodations that I needed to do my job well. I did experience burnout due to the demand of the position and didn't feel like my mental health was prioritized. They wouldn't allow me to demote myself in order to maintain my well being.
Advice: None
Pros: This was a great place to work overall. Great benefits and pay. The customer base was good and the higher ups were always willing to help.

Cons: The people are out to screw you over. Your co-workers are a bunch of back-stabbers. Don't work here if you value your mental health.
Advice: None
Pros: The food is ver good

Cons: I did not appreciate the culture
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging and kept me motivated

Cons: It was a bad word life balance
Advice: None
Pros: You got deep discounts on Apple Products

Cons: harsh deadlines at times but not too bad
Advice: None
Pros: very innovative and amazing to be part of

Cons: Difficult to work your way up
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great place to work with really nice people

Cons: Not enough free gear from the company
Advice: None
Pros: Not paid enough money for the amount expected

Cons: work environment was shaby to laid back
Advice: None
Pros: i loved it review good people

Cons: Bad WLB. Everyone is so hectic.
Advice: Good job on not laying off people during downturn.
Pros: Big company, amazing HWT and SEG, exciting produces and chips.

Cons: work alot and long hours of working gere
Advice: manage people better and reduce leads effort
Pros: great place to work and work-life balance

Cons: Some teams run behind in technology
Advice: None
Pros: Good company perks, health insurance benefits

Cons: Too much stress Work life balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment Benefits Co-workers

Cons: Can't show up late more than 3 times
Advice: None
Pros: A fun work environment and was great for me as a college student

Cons: attendance policy managers aren't well versed on their responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Great company great benefits decent pay great teams smooth tools

Cons: Starting pay wasn’t great but increased over time.
Advice: None
Pros: Environment was great and everyone was enjoyable to be around

Cons: Customer service and retail hours
Advice: None
Pros: High pay and development in the company

Cons: Poor communication from leadership and lack of strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great engineers with lots a relevant experience.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: I truly loved this company.

Cons: Hit or miss with management. Other employees can either be great or cause a lot of drama. Retail hours aren’t the greatest and can be hard to take time off. Not a very life/work balance place. Staying in a role for too long can burn you out.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is very well. Benefits are also good. A great place to work on presentation skills and general customer service skills. They have a lot of great trainings for product knowledge and working with customers.

Cons: Comp is going to be slightly worse compared to other similar tier firms due to presitge.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good perks, nice campus

Cons: They are a very high traffic company so it takes a while, on occasion, to reach higher authority.
Advice: None
Pros: They are organized, timely and do a great job of informing you on the correct and efficient ways to perform well in the company.

Cons: customers are the part that make this job "stressful". customers can get worked up over losing their photos or their phone breaking even though the employees have nothing to do with it. Management always steps in with difficult situations though.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Apple is the best retailer I have worked for. The team, management, training, and company culture is the best.

Cons: complicated nice fun+ fun cool
Advice: None
Pros: it is nice and good

Cons: Feels like a lottery system when working towards corporate
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers and fun environment

Cons: Everyone is always stressed and everything is urgent
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Office culture can be fun.

Cons: busy environment, lot of china trips
Advice: None
Pros: Best company in the world

Cons: leadership is weak and protective
Advice: None
Pros: training is great and constant

Cons: opportunity for pay increase not as open.
Advice: None
Pros: The opportunity for growth is immense. Daily challenges that help shaped my work ethic in and off work showed great results in with giving and receiving feedback.

Cons: The people can also make or break the experience. Corporate apple doesn’t REALLY understand what it’s like working in a retail store and make poor decisions that affect us.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Was able to take a lot of paid time off for my mental health through a program they have. The people are mostly incredible and now lifelong friendships.

Cons: There are no career path..
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Nice people to work with

Cons: none at all whatsoever I love it
Advice: None
Pros: LOVED IT GREAT COMPANY to work for

Cons: It is a customer service role therefore, you have to have a lot of patience and thick skin to avoid letting everything get to you. Growth Opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Benefits Workplace Culture Management

Cons: not having a set work schedule, schedule varies every week.
Advice: Every store is different but at least with the last interim store manager, if threshold has not been met for vacation declining for the sake of declining is not a good way to show gratitude for all the great work every employee does.
Pros: Pay was pretty good considering is retail, not to mention the perks such as discounted stocks, discounts on cell carrier plans. Lots of like minded individuals, a lot of great people to work with, most are part-timers going to school. Management did change around the beginning of 2022 and we lost some great leadership and co-workers.

Cons: Far Not easy Stressful Hhkq
Advice: None
Pros: Highly paid Comfortable Hehjq Hdjisos

Cons: So many hours spent on work at weekends
Advice: None
Pros: The working atmosphere is fantastic

Cons: Human Resources seems to be non-existent No interaction with other people besides when working Teams are not usually collaborative, work by youself and don't expect any help
Advice: None
Pros: It's great to improve your technical skills Multiple technologies and good practices Salary is great Multiple teams and projects

Cons: Company been restructuring and having to take other job departments hats, learn totally new things different procedures &amp; working 4 positions in one being Agreement admin, dispatch, customer relations, management , handling legal cases, case management, investigations research, selling apple cares etc. No increment in pay for being bilingual and taking other responsibilities of positions from other departments. Had different managers in short time or no managers in my department at times for months .
Advice: Don’t give up on our department
Pros: Our health insurance is the best had from all corporate companies worked for.

Cons: long training can go more in depth
Advice: None
Pros: great people great job can learn a lot of different skills

Cons: None, less, fewer, none more
Advice: Maybe more or less of a given thing
Pros: Awesome, stellar, fantastic, love it

Cons: Too much of work. No work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Relatively good payment and RSU.

Cons: Underwhelming experience. Directors seem unmotivated.
Advice: None
Pros: Money is ok, stock price

Cons: Cult like mindset and awful managers
Advice: The managers have a superiority complex like no other. They also pick favorites so be aware of that when going in.
Pros: Good Pay and Benefits Culture can be positive

Cons: Depending on where you are you are treated great, or treated like an assembly line worker.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Healthcare Is amazing, they have some really good school and education programs as well

Cons: Pay isn’t enough for what we deal with Hiring process is political No help from manager
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Good people to work with

Cons: The genius role can be very draining, as customers will unload a lot of personal information.
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusion and Diversity seem to be a big priority. The folks that you meet on the job are usually really wonderful, and you build very meaningful relationships with your coworkers.

Cons: Some locations have issues with leadership and management caring more about numbers than the individual. There is a lot of disingenuous support. But I don’t believe that represents the company as a whole just some locations. The career opportunities seem to be large but in fact it’s not And has a lot of stipulations and changing of rules.
Advice: None
Pros: The overall work is guided, the systems do the work for you. You just have to initiate it and be a good people person.

Cons: Store level management. Hold a grudge without the ability to grow and move past personal issues.
Advice: Nothing that they would understand. Prefer not to waste my time any longer.
Pros: Company higher ups and values

Cons: Just the management was kind of annoying
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Management was bad but it was fine

Cons: no cons what so ever
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work forsure

Cons: I don’t see many downsides.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture of innovation, good compensation, recognition.

Cons: It is intense. Not all teams are as well run as the one I am on.
Advice: Celebrate the little victories as well as the BIG ones.
Pros: I like the team that I am on. I work with super smart people that love their work, and help each other.

Cons: Preassure to reach AppleCare goals
Advice: You guys are doing great
Pros: Great job, great benefits. Friendly people

Cons: Enterprise company at heart so processes can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive team and great culture with fun company events.

Cons: Not too many hours starting out
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and decent people

Cons: - Politics - Sometimes management
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits - Growth - Opportunity

Cons: Apple's culture of secrecy has been exploited by many managers with ulterior motives. They are usually people who have worked at Apple for a long time, but somehow feel deeply insecure and need to defend their turf/vested interest in Apple. They exclude new people from important team tasks, they don't give team members any exposure, they only use you for a small part of the project and don't let you participate the whole process - as if more capable people join, they lose the limelight . Worst of all, some managers go out of their way to belittle the efforts and strengths of others, they claim credit for others' work. They tend to hire someone with 10 + years of experience to do an intern job, which they feel is normal at Apple as they boast that they only hire the best talent in the market. Some managers are living against the company culture of Diversity and Inclusion. There are many contractors and temporary employees working for the company and are NOT well-treated, often, in a unspoken and hidden way.
Advice: Any behaviors that exploit the well-intentioned company culture should be noticed. If Apple has the wisdom to develop such sophisticated company systems, it should be able to go further train its managers and review their leadership and behaviors regularly. If the company does not create a sense of belong for new comers and just let those long-time employees exclude or belittle others through hidden ways, the reputation of the company is a worry in long run.
Pros: Great Benefits - health account, education account, discounted company stocks and products. Well-developed company systems protect employees from being easily fired based on a manager's personal preferences Company wide activities and resources make me feel they really care about employees’ well being.

Cons: - eventually can burn out if you lose focus
Advice: None
Pros: - great people - great benefits - flexible preferences - culture is on point

Cons: Some time gets too hectic
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and the team is really supportive and innovative in design solutions

Cons: Can't afford to live where you work.
Advice: ...
Pros: Great team that is supportive.

Cons: management was not the best tbh.
Advice: None
Pros: fun environment, cool people, tough customers, management is okay

Cons: Retail is Retail. Having to deal with rich snobby customers gets really tiring really fast. Having to deal with managers pestering you about your numbers that don't reflect your work ethic is frustrating. Be weary that some locations participate in some predatory salesmen behavior just to get their numbers up. This can conflict with work performance if you're a decent human being.
Advice: Stop putting emphasis on numbers, you lose good quality people that way. Put employees first before customers. Retail is the backbone of the company and are treated with disrespect.
Pros: Pretty good discounts, decent pay, good overall benefits. Gives you a start in a big company, easy to move up.

Cons: You are dealing with the public. I dealt equally with amazing people and amazingly crazy people.
Advice: Never forget that some customers are abusive. Never normalize taking abuse from customers as an acceptable cost of doing the job. Stand behind your technicians always, while helping them improve at dealing with challenging situations.
Pros: Learn troubleshooting hardware and software in a way you can use anywhere going forward. Learn to manage all kinds of personalities effectively and better ways to form genuinely meaningful working relationships with colleagues and customers alike.

Cons: Sometimes managers are not chosen based on their ability to lead people.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, prestige, and smart people all around

Cons: The values and principles laid out in the credo are often disregarded at our store, except when it comes to achieving specific goals such as trade-ins and iPhone activations. The work environment is toxic, with management exhibiting an authoritarian and micromanaging culture. Peer colleagues are not receptive to constructive feedback, and there is a lack of training and guidance for technicians and sales specialists. It's difficult to see any opportunities for growth within the company. Speaking up can result in ruthless retaliation from management, and there is a pattern of gaslighting employees. There is also a lack of emotional intelligence from management, with a few displaying narcissistic tendencies and racist priorities. Employees are forced to deal with emotional abuse from their colleagues, especially in-store meetings with the store leader at Apple Memorial City in Houston, Texas. Management actively discourages employees from creating a union, and the market team does not have a meaningful way for employees to advocate for themselves in the face of such poor treatment. Overall, the store locations in Market Team 4 have a damaging and hostile environment.
Advice: I would like to raise a concern regarding the lack of communication from management. Our team has found it difficult to receive clear instructions and feedback, which has led to confusion and inconsistency in our work. I would suggest providing more regular check-ins with the team, as well as setting clearer expectations and goals. This would help improve overall team efficiency and productivity and create a more positive work environment for everyone involved. During team meetings, some members have experienced rude and unprofessional behavior from management. This is unacceptable and creates a difficult work environment. It is essential to maintain a positive atmosphere in team meetings where ideas can be exchanged in a respectful manner, and everyone feels heard and valued.
Pros: Benefits are great and job opportunities with certifications are unlimited.

Cons: They don't talk about it but people be suicidal working for Apple. Almost everyone is depressed, plus I've heard of a lot people killing themselves at these jobs. I knew a guy too.
Advice: Actually help the customer and do some work.
Pros: The pay is better compared to all retail jobs on the market and benefits are random but nice.

Cons: Too many calls, I’ve worked at a call center all my life but while I worked there, it was one of the most slammed times If you don’t like tech, don’t even waste you or their time
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay Great cafe to eat and that they are expanding Great discount on all products, get line one big one a year

Cons: overwork, pressure, time, and nothing
Advice: None
Pros: Every person is good, good food, competitive salary

Cons: Politics, some are a little strict.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working there, people are great. Flexible

Cons: - leadership creates a culture of cutting people off… - very micro managing on returning to office - very political environment compared to other larger tech companies
Advice: Be more inclusive and open to out of box ideas. Also be unbiased towards tenure since outside external candidates can come in with good perspective and opinions.
Pros: Pay, benefits, speed of work

Cons: Gives very few hours and PTO
Advice: None
Pros: They give Good pay and benefits

Cons: Stressful at times but worth it
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and environment everywhere

Cons: - none for now, others might differ
Advice: None
Pros: - Good culture, benefits, environment

Cons: lack of career growth less employee benefits
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture good team

Cons: Not a lot of free time
Advice: None
Pros: Very generous amount of money

Cons: The schedule is wild, there is no having a vibrant personal life without making sacrifices.
Advice: Management can’t do anything
Pros: The team there is great, you won’t find a more supportive group.

Cons: only cares about sales, not the customer less technical
Advice: None
Pros: It's the best retail option but it's retail

Cons: Basic, Unfulfilling, sometimes challenging, can be slow at times, boring
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Team setting, Understanding, Quick, Exciting

Cons: Takes a long time to promote
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot working with customers

Cons: There are no cons at this company
Advice: None
Pros: They’re a great company to work for

Cons: In office requirement three days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, passionate coworkers, exciting work.

Cons: Can get sticky in your hands when eating without a napkin.
Advice: None
Pros: Sweet, handheld, full of fiber.

Cons: hours sucked no good at all
Advice: None
Pros: discounts on stuff and stock

Cons: Since it is a big company, it can be hard to climb up
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and benefits. I enjoyed my co workers and work atmosphere

Cons: The only downside is it can get a little repetitious as there are daily tasks that need to be completed, but if you don't have great leaders or organization to continue to push you, it can get a little draining and overwhelming.
Advice: Continue to challenge your people and lead by example-that's the most important. If you don't hold yourself accountable, then your people will not follow you or respect you.
Pros: The people at Apple are a different breed and the most pleasant to be around. I love being around different personalities because it really contributed to growth and development as well as knowledge and learning new things! I also enjoyed remaining active in the role and being on my feet all day.

Cons: Customers are a handful and they project everything on you
Advice: None
Pros: Management is cool Team is great

Cons: While you drink the cool aid and don’t question anything life can be amazing, what doesn’t last long when you share your feedbacks - one of the companies policies - questioning certain abusive behaviors and the level of distress caused by this work. Being part of the 5th avenue store and one of the Portuguese speakers, became a major trauma of interacting with anyone speaking Portuguese since I left the company, as the harassment and abuses you must endure are quite overwhelming. They hold you under the believe you may eventually move to a corporate position. But sooner than you imagine you realize that There’s no career projection - unless you work on Genius Bar.
Advice: Use your own feedback police and listen your teams. If Cupertino have to dictate the work flow and anything around this company,  they should be ready to see the lack of working conditions offered on the main flagship worldwide.
Pros: The feeling created by the company makes you feel valued and part of a big team. The fast pace environment teach you skills that are quite unique.  The team is great and you bound with peers that make your days easier and manage the overall stress

Cons: Micromanaging Recorded calls Time on phone tracked Have to work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and 401k Paid paternity leave Sick time and paid vacation Stock options

Cons: Nothing bad to say about working there
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for

Cons: Management are never aligned with each other. They mostly rely on you half the time when it is their job to deal with conflict management. They do pick favorites even when you put in the work and are hitting your goals. Growing in the company is hard to do.
Advice: Their is a reason why employees are starting to unionize, so apple you better send someone to do a profile check on your leaders.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Teaches a lot about leadership even if you are not in a leadership role

Cons: No Cons to write so far
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company and benefit for employees.

Cons: Management was complete utter trash
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers were great and friendly

Cons: Not too much connection with coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB, work is interesting

Cons: lot of Bureaucracy and micromanagement
Advice: None
Pros: Not that I know off

Cons: Frustratingly challenging to transition from Retail to Corporate.
Advice: Provide internal resume writing courses.
Pros: Culture and Generous Benefits. Diversity and Inclusion. Educational reimbursement. The company genuinely tries to do right by customers and employees and the planet.

Cons: I experienced no cons around this company
Advice: None
Pros: Very pleasing work environment and well taught staff.

Cons: Customers and the selling culture
Advice: Stop pushing sales so hard, the iPhone sells itself
Pros: Good pay, benefits are greats

Cons: Very demanding Physically taxing You are clients tech therapist
Advice: None
Pros: Stimulating Good pay Great benefits

Cons: Lack of comms from the teams that implement change. Lack of experienced corporate workers within retail. Little to no regard for mistreatment of Retail team members. Constant change in policies.
Advice: None
Pros: The health benefits are above average

Cons: I don’t have any cons at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, leadership, peers and overall environment

Cons: Location is in the Bay Area, can be quite expensive for an intern
Advice: None
Pros: The team invests in your growth as a design engineer. Dedicated a lot of time in me learning their CAD programs, engineering drawings etc

Cons: Schedules and shifts are performance based
Advice: Open more at-home leadership positions
Pros: Great leadership, tons of opportunities for career growth/training

Cons: The managers there absolutely suck. All of them. If you want to get promoted you have to go to the somerset store. Closing shift and the next day you’re scheduled an opening shift
Advice: None
Pros: The discounts are good Co workers are awesome (besides management)

Cons: Poor management, still a retail job.
Advice: Invest more in your people
Pros: Discounts, coworkers, gaining experience for tech related positions.

Cons: Very hard work but great if you enjoy that
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful experience with the atmosphere you would expect

Cons: Very competitive due to nature of tech sector
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of room for growth

Cons: unexperienced new hires will suffer for the first few months after join because of the rapid pace environment. you need to fit in very quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: start up like work environment which makes you gain lot of experience unlike any other company.

Cons: busy and stressful work environment
Advice: None
Pros: work from home, good pay, good benefits

Cons: Retail environment meaning expect to work with jaded teammates
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits On job training Team

Cons: No cons its all good
Advice: None
Pros: Dont know yet about the company

Cons: Pay can be higher for the work that we do.
Advice: None
Pros: Great job with great benefits.

Cons: You must work weekends at least twice a month
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefit's and flexible work schedule

Cons: Big structure, not startupy cibe.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, great atmosphere and vibe

Cons: pay is kind of mid
Advice: None
Pros: easy job and pretty fun

Cons: Frustratingly conservative with finances when it comes to employee resources
Advice: None
Pros: Work with experts. Pay is fair. Focus on innovation.

Cons: it is still retail so you will deal with that
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, career advancement opportunities

Cons: No such major cons to add
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work,learn and grow

Cons: can be stressful at times and sometimes difficult work/life balence
Advice: None
Pros: great community and mentoring for junior engineers.

Cons: - WLB can become tough at times
Advice: Keep innovating and pushing things forward to impact billions of users' lives.
Pros: - Great work culture and bright people to work with - You work with highly talented folks who are proud of what they are building - Employees are encouraged to take calculated risks and thrive in dynamic envt

Cons: Lack of promotion Unclear direction to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Understanding Pay

Cons: No no no no no
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay good people good culture

Cons: Customers can leave you drained and irritated after your shift. Apple customers can be some of the most entitled people Working with Tier 2 advisors is one of the most awful parts of the job. They will talk to Tier 1 advisors with so much condescension it's nearly palatable
Advice: Rapport building training for Tier 2 advisors Removal of unwarranted negative reviews from affecting customer satisfaction rates
Pros: The benefits package is unrivaled. Full-time benefits for part-time workers Employee development is often and effective Schedule flexibility Some of the most well=trained and friendly team managers

Cons: Has a Bad work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and nice benefits

Cons: weekends late hours grumpy customer
Advice: None
Pros: cool fun chill fast busy

Cons: No remote work No free food long hours Bad work life balance Very few brown and black employees
Advice: Be 100% remote, hire more black people
Pros: Pay Benefits Technology Food Hot chocolate machines

Cons: Sometimes, you don't receive constructive feedback to improve your performance until it's too late. Unfortunately, I wasn't given the opportunity to understand where I may have fallen short. It was just praise, at least to your face. I value honesty and transparency.
Advice: Be candid with your team, especially when your team is willing to put in the work to improve themselves or the process. To strip away an opportunity from any team member, especially when they are fully invested in the success of the company and their prospects in the company, can be cruel.
Pros: The opportunity to participate in key projects for upcoming software releases was a highlight to remember. The people on my team really enjoyed the process of software innovation and providing a real service to our users.

Cons: Now work life balance no weekends off
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits health care stocks quick growth easy tasks

Cons: scheduling is difficult the interview process for promotions is not transparent
Advice: Put yourself in the shoes of the specialist before you make decisions that can effect the workflow
Pros: great pay and benefits discounts are pretty awesome a lot of room for growth

Cons: Maybe some minor ones but overall everything is good
Advice: None
Pros: Good conditions in the store

Cons: I worked there for a long time and witnessed the work environment and ecosystem change. It used to be people-based, both internal and external, but now it's more profit based which lost the luster of working for a company that used to be a very customer-oriented company. Don't get me wrong they were one of the more supportive companies during COVID, but overall the company's beliefs and dynamics have changed.
Advice: Re-invest in your people. Your actions no longer mirror your credo. You need to read the credo again and see where you are lacking in support of your retail team. When your team thrives, your numbers grow. It goes hand in hand.
Pros: It's one of the most exciting companies to work for and they teach you a lot about how to interact with people through communication and setting the right expectations.

Cons: - Interview process can be long
Advice: None
Pros: - Good work environment - Good work life balance especially if your a student very accommodating to your school schedule - Salary for part time is above average - Not too stressful easy to manage workload

Cons: I have no cons to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Forefront of technology Energetic and top shelf co workers

Cons: Fake Culture and peer pressure into overly loving apple
Advice: None
Pros: Job opportunities after working Empathy training

Cons: Days can sometimes feel long. Dealing with technical support of this nature can be emotionally taxing.
Advice: Continue to help and listen to your employees.
Pros: A lot of support from team and managers. Good pay, benefits are great and available for part time. Plenty of growth opportunities if you put in the work.

Cons: Constant inflow of people, can never really get a break
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, good pay, fun environment

Cons: its a retail job, you can only make it feel so rewarding
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility with work, generally good environment, felt like my job was secure

Cons: We work very long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work with good people

Cons: Can get busy during the holiday season however Apple has a great support system
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: The pay scale should be higher for a company like this.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, culture, opportunities to move forward, diversity

Cons: The working community is too busy sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Working environment is very friendly.

Cons: -Poor raises -Good Ole' Boy system (it's who you know that will get you ahead) -Have to be a yes man to succeed -Terrible flexibility after Pandemic
Advice: Let managers decide who can work from home. You cannot lump everyone together and say they need to come to the office to collaborate. There are other divisions at Apple such as the call center AHA who work form home permanently and they collaborate and perform just fine. Many employees in the Bay Area do not get a livable salary and are forced to come to the office instead of being able to move away and work remotely to an area they can afford to live. Apple shows that they are all about the world and helping people but then they do not support their own employees. Just look at the union busting efforts in retail.
Pros: Salary is good, fun people to work with

Cons: No flexible Did not really offer all that I needed
Advice: None
Pros: Remote Full- time Good employee package Good company

Cons: Work load, politics, hours, bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, culture, team environment, high level thinking

Cons: None they were amazing place to work great management
Advice: None
Pros: it was amazing to work there

Cons: Management varies from store to store, could be lackluster and unfulfilling for some.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good company culture

Cons: Confusing chain of command - too many cooks in the kitchen in dept
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home and good coworkers

Cons: The Schedule is the worst. ( shift bids)
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and resource tools

Cons: Not once did I feel like we had a strategy or mission to work towards. Management and employees equates the launch of product to being in a war rooms, creating unnecessary metaphors to killing people if the job isn't done correctly. There was no single way to mess up this job so severely that anything even close to changing the trillion dollar bottom line was possible.
Advice: Instead of constantly creating fires to fight and saying what the executives want to hear, be open to bad feedback at the expense of creating a real strategy for your team
Pros: High pay Great benefits Discounts on products

Cons: No movement availability with the at home area
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and remote work

Cons: weekend availability is required, not always flexible, slower growth because its quite competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: cares about me as a person, encourages growth, wonderful leadership

Cons: Large area to explore and so it takes more time to learn all.
Advice: None
Pros: Team work, Skills can be improved and more to explore.

Cons: Hard to move up in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, and benefits. Lots of additional perks for being an employee

Cons: -awful customers - everyone is entitled and you just have to take it all day long -lots of micromanaging - managers do not trust you at all -if you do chat support you can do up to 3 chats at once -shift changes every 6 months - might be up all night -bonus / year is admissible most of the time -management is awful / managers above your manager - forget about it
Advice: -do better
Pros: -great culture -great benefits -decent pay / work from home

Cons: Depending on the location. I think after 3 yrs you kinda get burnt out.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits package top tier Great Pay

Cons: Customer service is very bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonuses! Great pay! I had a great manager.

Cons: Sometimes customers can be rude but that’s all part of the retail experience. It’s how you turn the negative to a positive that really matters.
Advice: None
Pros: Great for a first foot in the door

Cons: They have their favorites to move up, always changing can also be annoying, managers have different goals and can conflict, hard to move up unless they see something in you, schedule sucks
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, nice co workers &amp; customers, lots to learn, always something new

Cons: Management has unrealistic expectations sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits additional to the job

Cons: It’s retail: inconsistent schedules which makes it incredibly hard to maintain any sort of routine or to make appointments without constantly inputting in off requests Customers: most of them are great, but the bad ones really put a sour taste in your mouth. There is a level of elitism with some customers that I haven’t experienced in other jobs, both pre and post-employment with Apple. NPS: it’s a useful tool to measure performance but too much stock is put into it considering how easy it is to drop a score. I’ve had my NPS score drop because even though the customer said my service was “impeccable”, the music in the store was too loud so they gave me a passive instead of a promoter. One detractor or passive survey drops a score so much that you have to get 5-10 promoters to make up for it. There is no appeals process to have the survey not count. It affects your numbers and can affect your raise/performance when review time comes around. Unrealistic expectations: I worked at the Genius Bar. By the time I left we were expected to take 3-4 appointments per hour where we were expected to not only troubleshoot/diagnose/resolve/check in for repair devices, but to also talk up AppleCare+, get a new business intro, talk about new products and upgrades, answer all customer questions, and learn/connect with the customer as a human. All of that CAN be done, but not in 15 minutes. That’s 1-2 appointments per hour, not 3-4. It didn’t matter how high your NPS or other metrics were, if you didn’t hit that 3-4 appointments per hour you were constantly pulled into “connections” with your connection leader to talk about it. Irritating. Leadership: inconsistent and very hit-or-miss. Some were very by-the-book and almost robotic, others were more human and understanding. Some had issues with micromanaging, no matter how many feedback conversations you had with them. Very few I felt I could actually trust. Lack of upward mobility: moving from specialist to expert is pretty easy. Anything beyond that gets significantly harder. Breaking into the corporate side is virtually impossible. Phone Support: there is a HUGE disconnect between phone support and store support. Phone support is awful, and they frequently lie and/or give incorrect information to customers, and store employees are left to clean up the mess and reset expectations.
Advice: You have got to stop playing favorites. It’s obvious, and the reason many people transferred stores or left the company entirely. When employees give you feedback, take it and implement actual solutions. We don’t want Town Halls, yearly Pulse surveys, and all-store meetings if our concerns are going to fade away into the ether as soon as you’ve gone through the “we care, we’re a family” song and dance. Take our credo to heart and remember why you’re working for Apple in the first place. Lastly, when an employee trusts you enough to ask for help in a unique situation, don’t make promises you have no intention of keeping or at least attempting to follow through on. That’s how you lose their trust completely.
Pros: Pay: pay is great. Frequent raises to keep up with cost of living and to ensure everyone in your role is around the same pay rate. Benefits: amazing; benefits team actually does listen to employees and has implemented new benefits or changed old ones to make them more favorable for employees Incentives: ESPP and stock options that vest yearly, nice discount on products The name: honestly being able to say you work or worked for Apple opens a lot of doors that would otherwise be closed or much more difficult to open otherwise

Cons: work life balance isnt what they say it is
Advice: None
Pros: they money made during my time there

Cons: No cons to list, great company
Advice: None
Pros: Work Environment and Great Management

Cons: repeated work for each project
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation Work on great products

Cons: Sometimes the internal tooling and processes for writing software could slow things down. To be fair, this is true of many software companies, though.
Advice: None
Pros: The people were very friendly and talented. The work was interesting and the perks were great.

Cons: Poor management, not paid well enough, development is too difficult for what its worth
Advice: None
Pros: Sick time, PTO, Apple stock

Cons: Managers at the top play favorites
Advice: Treat employees with respect.
Pros: Great products, Good benefits and 401K match

Cons: No mobility; no holidays; stressful
Advice: Develop your staff
Pros: Some of the best pay and benefits for that type of position

Cons: micro managing promotion opportunities very corporate
Advice: None
Pros: pay people are the best benefits galore way to get hours with peers

Cons: -very stressful -time intensive, wlb becomes non existent close to launch
Advice: None
Pros: -lots of opportunities to grow and get your name out there -fast paced culture and can work on high visibility projects and tasks

Cons: It’s still retail at the end of the day. Weekends are mostly always needed, and of course, very busy.
Advice: Management is stellar and are always trying to help you develop and grow. They will always try to help you and guide you through whatever goals you may have.
Pros: Awesome environment and team. Fun to work here. Always room to grow. Fantastic management team. Great goals and atmosphere.

Cons: i have nothing to tell it bad.
Advice: None
Pros: it provide me a high salary.

Cons: The culture is mainly about cross functional success - not about impact
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits and support

Cons: No time off during holidays (Thanksgiving, Christmas, etc.)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible position and managers are great

Cons: can not transfer store locations
Advice: None
Pros: good company good benefits and pay

Cons: Stressful environment, very competitive and some favoritism
Advice: Be more fair to those employees who may not be on your "good side" or have drank the apple juice
Pros: Good benefits for health and other things

Cons: Retail hours and what not
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at.

Cons: endless changing and addition of priorities
Advice: None
Pros: pay, culture, facilities, benefits, development

Cons: It’s an extremely large company and it’s easy to look in a straight line for career advancement. There are resources for internal networking and growth, but it’s truly up to each individual and what they desire. Might be difficult finding out where to start if wanting to change paths, but stay in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: This is possibly one of the best companies anyone could work for. There’s a strong desire to maintain a healthy work environment, positive culture, and challenge what might be easy.

Cons: Basically has turned into BEST BUY- the only thing that matters is SALES. Extreme favoritism, and want their employees to pledge allegiance to APPLE. Most of the upper management has Stockholm syndrome.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is pretty good. Managers drive a good store into a GREAT store. Is aware of the terrible work/life balance and has taken baby steps to improve. Recently increased PTO, and added flexible weekend shifts.

Cons: Can be bored sometimes depending on your scope
Advice: None
Pros: Good for starting your career

Cons: I wasn’t able to speak Antarctican
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work place with customers and staff

Cons: Apple is stingy with their parter support roles. The pay was mediocre at best for the level of responsibility.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of autonomy, no micromanaging

Cons: Illusion of growth, poor leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, learning opportunities, great coworkers

Cons: Bad work hours, toxic managers
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome devices and great UI design.

Cons: None yet, still pretty new
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are fantastic, people are great to work with

Cons: - Too much secrecy. Can't talk about anything or do anything outside work. - Sometimes a little too political.
Advice: None
Pros: - Meet top people - Work on the coolest products - Super ambitious projects

Cons: No con at all great company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits with this company

Cons: Unpredictable schedules and long hours were the toughest. Customers are also very entitled at times.
Advice: None
Pros: The team was the job's best part: some of the best people I've ever met. We really supported each other.

Cons: Difficult to manage work life balance, but expected for any retail job having to work weekends and nights
Advice: None
Pros: High hourly starting pay, multiple paths for growth, great benefits

Cons: yup and this is great
Advice: nothing
Pros: sales is good hours suck

Cons: a lot of work sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: The best environment to work with

Cons: No work life balance, managers
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Good discounts, benefits, coworkers, vacation hours

Cons: There is a disconnection with the higher ups and the folks in the front line. No clear path for growth within.
Advice: Focus on the equal growth of all your employees. Don’t forget your employees who have given years of theirs life leaving poorly compensated and with extremely limited options for growth. You are literally driving your tenured employees away to hire third party call centers and your clients are noticing the difference. Creating an environment of low moral and of abusive behavior from the clients who can’t cope with the change of support that Apple now offers.
Pros: Great benefits Great environment when you first get to the company but quickly burn out. 2023 Apple started offering Coursera training for all employees free.

Cons: To much work and long time
Advice: Be good be honest
Pros: Good money and good team

Cons: Helping people with Apple ID passwords
Advice: None
Pros: enthusiastic team genuinely loved what I did pay

Cons: Not work life balance. Expect to work weekends and holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Good to learn, Benefits are relatively competitive. Great discounts on Apple Products.

Cons: Frequent manager turnover, minimal support for mental health impact of role, minimal growth opportunities
Advice: More mental health support for technical advisors
Pros: Benefits, schedule flexibility, voluntary time off, time off resources, discounts, intensive onboarding training, fair pay

Cons: It can take a while to move up in retail. It all depends on who your leadership team is and how much they care about helping in your development.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. The benefits are amazing.

Cons: Pay could be better for as wealthy as the company is.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment with wonderful pay, benefits, and support.

Cons: Hybrid work model doesn’t allow flexibility. Disorganized leadership and cross functional project managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive, perks and benefits, amazing health insurance

Cons: Busy at times, fast paced environment
Advice: None
Pros: Love the benefits, people, and PTO!

Cons: a lot of interviews even if you want to trasnfer for the same exact position
Advice: None
Pros: There is good benefits and really nice opportunities as an internal internship with Apple

Cons: High depend of working outside working hours, too much pressure, I would not recommend someone to work here. I had so much expectation coming to join the apple team but all they care is about producing high numbers, over working their employees.
Advice: we are people and we want respect and understanding
Pros: Learning experience with little of pro that I could think off

Cons: No cons I can think of.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Was and always will be the playbook for how to manage a brand well with great creativity.

Cons: No work life balance really
Advice: None
Pros: No comment at this time

Cons: you're bottom of the barrel in the Apple structure, and they will make you feel that way.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for a retail job

Cons: -Expected to sleep around for promotions -No oversight -Too much middle management /Apple lifers -They violate pretty much violate every HR rule or law as they see fit -Expect gaslighting and/or a nervous breakdown while at work -Benefits aren't very good...
Advice: Time for a new CEO and fresh meat
Pros: -Some decent people -Product discounts

Cons: Intense work but great for building you
Advice: None
Pros: V good company good pay and exciting work

Cons: OK OK OK OK OK OK
Advice: None
Pros: Good Good Good Good Good Good

Cons: Can be a bit micromanging depending on your manager.
Advice: Less micromanagment
Pros: Good benefits Great company Good stock options

Cons: It’s hard to level up from where I’m at
Advice: None
Pros: Workload is very manageable and the people are great

Cons: Everything moves kind of slow since there's a lot of different departments and organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool company to work for if you're wanting to coast a little.

Cons: Highly entitled clientele, leadership inconsistency, culture downturn
Advice: Actual transparency, stop sugar coating issues or feedback, support your team during customer escalations rather than rolling over
Pros: Decent pay, great benefits, good people

Cons: Benefits are very hard to take advantage of (its tons of paperwork) and often is not truly better than a non-discounted or third party alternative. Managers can do whatever they want and don't have any transparent form of accountability in the same way they expect of their employees
Advice: Managers openly brag to me about spending 3x my rent on food in a month. And brag about going on vacations, and paint and sips, etc. I watch my coworkers facetime their kids from the breakroom while our CEO makes 3 times per DAY what we'll make this year. Make it make sense!
Pros: Best case scenario for retail - slightly above starvation wages and moderate benefits

Cons: No room for upward movement.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a fun atmosphere to be in.

Cons: This company has been firing staff, handing out misconducts and documented coaching. It is not what they advertise in their marketing. They try to put more work on you and describe it as "opportunities".
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits such as EAP, dental, vision and health care

Cons: Workload and stress level varies greatly between product lines
Advice: None
Pros: High emphasis on collaboration and continued development. Many opportunities for further learning from other employees as well as structured classes.

Cons: Customers can be rude at times
Advice: None
Pros: The people are nice and care about you

Cons: Difficult to advance to a managerial role.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, great benefits, competitive compensation.

Cons: Had to work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Got a very high salary

Cons: No scheduling accommodations Hostile customers
Advice: None
Pros: Thorough training OK benefits/discounts Equipment provided

Cons: I can’t think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Work life balance Culture

Cons: Horrible management and false career paths.
Advice: No advice because they won't listen.
Pros: Excellent health benefits and 401k plan along with stock options and RMA's.

Cons: Personal Issues led to changing job.
Advice: None
Pros: Respectful coming from every colleagues.

Cons: for retail, expect long hours and expect to always have a closing shift as a part-timer.
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, great people, and great to put on resume

Cons: Retail employment model, meaning pay is subject to hours allotted
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic culture, lots of benefits opportunity to develop many transferable skills

Cons: Bad tech Too much redtape Bad people managers for the most part
Advice: None
Pros: Stock refreshers and stock growth Job stability

Cons: toxic bosses, unreliable team mates, stupid managment
Advice: stop supporting jeff
Pros: work place, insurence, work life style, coffee

Cons: Hours in a retail store are long
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good for starting pay

Cons: challenging and repetitive work depending on role
Advice: None
Pros: steep learning curve, gain lots of skills in a short time

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, learn, helpful, very good company

Cons: doesn't take care of retail staffs
Advice: do better
Pros: Takes care of corporate staffs

Cons: Sometimes a little stressful from the large amount of work to be done in short time interval
Advice: None
Pros: Fast moving environment with lots to learn

Cons: None, none, none, none, none.
Advice: I honestly don't have any feedback.
Pros: Lovely, amazing, great pay, great work

Cons: Hard to grow in your position
Advice: None
Pros: Positive work reenforcement helpful coworkers

Cons: Customers during holidays can be rude but still liked role overall!
Advice: Keep connecting with the staff like you are and it'll always be great!
Pros: Great breaks, free food. Wonderful staff and managers.

Cons: Work life balance, no remote work opportunities, rigid work structure
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, working on great products people use everyday

Cons: Not for the faint of heart. Can be very demanding. Need to set your own work/life boundaries.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation. Excellent experience working on cutting edge consumer products. Good working environment.

Cons: none discovered thus far in my short tenure
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people Good work Competitive comp

Cons: Schedule can difficult at times. Being promoted can be very difficult. Lots of interviews.
Advice: None
Pros: A great way to get into technology and connect with the community. You often get variety of business owners who come in and can lead to different opportunities. Decent pay along with good benefits are a plus.

Cons: Nothing Apple can really control, but there tends to be a lot of employees with inflated egos as you move up in the company. It’s mostly manageable, but it’s sometimes becomes frustrating to deal with.
Advice: The interview process is easily one of the most disorganized processes at Apple. They tout it as a very unbiased system, but the issue I have found very quickly with it is that people in management can very easily manipulate the numbers and outcomes of interviews regardless of your performance.
Pros: Great benefits along with a very good overall working environment that tries to minimize burnout. Compensation is very high compared to similar jobs in the field, especially for retail.

Cons: On your feet all the time Lots of talking
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Good pay Flexible hours

Cons: Very strict retail hours as expected
Advice: None
Pros: Always workign with great people

Cons: I don't have any cons from this position
Advice: Be personable and caring, and you'll receive the same
Pros: Incredibly management that supports your ideas and projects

Cons: Nothing to say about this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company where is worked

Cons: Little work-life balance, demanding &amp; high pressure environment
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced, interesting &amp; challenging work; good benefits

Cons: The customers can be super rude
Advice: None
Pros: Part time benefits and lots of learning opportunities

Cons: No work life balance, impossible expectations, hard to take off time for self, extreme micro-management, privileged customer base
Advice: Listen to employees and give feedback to upper management about the reality of retail stores
Pros: Experience, discounts, connections, paid holidays, employee stock purchase plan

Cons: Toxic work culture and cut throat environment.
Advice: Focus on organizational health and holding bad leadership accountable.
Pros: Has really grear medical benefits

Cons: Sometimes bad work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Invaluable experience for my career

Cons: No perks Secrecy makes collaboration difficult Privacy makes data collection difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Good values Good work life balance Good compensation Interesting work Good people

Cons: a lot of cons too much workload
Advice: None
Pros: only pro is discount on Apple products

Cons: All positions in retail are underpaid other that management level. Restricted upward mobility.
Advice: None
Pros: Job security, great people to work with in Apple Retail.

Cons: Working for the big tech companies isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be. I’ve worked at tech companies of all ranges for decades and have never seen a company so ridden with bureaucracy. So much politics. Many managers only care about themselves &amp; there’s a bunch of entitled jerks (mostly white men) walking around everywhere like they are gifts to earth…
Advice: Times have changed and people need to be treated like HUMANS. Show people you care about them as a whole and not just for their output.
Pros: Superb benefits! Exciting challenges &amp; work (when you’re not having to waste time creating presentation decks to update execs)

Cons: Retail hours are awful. Lots of working on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: If you work hard and are a team player, you’ll do just fine.

Cons: Since the position is working in retail, one must be open to working weekends and changing schedule based on availability.
Advice: None
Pros: Great communications from leaders. Flexible work schedule availability. Resources available for help

Cons: slightly average compensation as compared to startups
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance present

Cons: Was a decently hard place to work sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Was a decent place sometimes

Cons: Stressful job and very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice pay and good culture

Cons: Huge pressure from time to time. Compensation is good but not gonna make you financially free in a short period of time (Same for all mega corp).
Advice: None
Pros: Strong engineering team and clear project goal/timeline

Cons: - Work life balance is difficult and management will define your quality of life - Poor treatment when an emergency surgery was needed, even after a spotless employee record - You have to buy into the culture to be successful here - The idea of Apple and what they believe is a lot different than how they take action with their beliefs and ideals. This is very visible with the way employees are treated.
Advice: Your people are your greatest strength, do right by them and good things will happen.
Pros: - Building a strong resume and understanding for logistics procedures - Stock options - Learning and development opportunities if you work hard - Lots of upward growth potential

Cons: the company is great does not have to change a thing!
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits its inclusive environment emphasis on respect for employees

Cons: too much to handle stress
Advice: care more about your workers
Pros: good pay, stocks, commissions, discounts

Cons: none its a great company
Advice: None
Pros: great company come work here

Cons: Not much available in terms of growth
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay for retail and people are very nice

Cons: too nerdy for my liking
Advice: None
Pros: good environment diverse very positive

Cons: Work life balance. Managers are biased. High school drama.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Easy job. Straight forward.

Cons: We miss our leader, Steve
Advice: None
Pros: The apple is the greatest logo

Cons: Not the best training practices
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work with creative people

Cons: Pay is not great, no salary transparency (in TX), they offer "rotations" that they state provides you with job experience outside your role but then you keep the same pay and essentially do more work with most likely, no chance at a permanent position.
Advice: Provide salary transparency for new roles on the careers site &amp; provide better pay to current employees.
Pros: 401k, mental health benefits, medical (on-site) benefits, caffe, diversity in culture

Cons: help online work succeed in the country
Advice: they should treat all members
Pros: To help improve online service

Cons: They say they want strong women on the team but all they mean is women who are ok with misogyny, women who are ok with taking bad behaviors from idiotic men on the team, women who don’t need work like balance!
Advice: When an HR complaint is lodged by two women on a man in the team, it is high time you investigate and get feedback from team members who work with him day to day. Not feedback from management who protect him because he pretends to work long hours!
Pros: Pay. Period! The only perk.

Cons: The Rating tools are based solely on what you report to your manager, not really on passively collected data.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay for easy work

Cons: high school vibes, strong favoritism, having to interview/jump from store to store for promotion, lots of people got mad post-pandemic bc new-hires started making $1 less than people that have been with the company for years, sneaky.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, pay, coworkers, culture, and vibes depending on the store

Cons: Work-life balance: weekends, holidays since it's retail Sometimes, too many changes in a short duration of time Feedback culture, but rarely teaches employees to provide/receive feedback.
Advice: Some managers should be more helpful, not judging when employees need support. Some with high egos do not admit they have no answers to help but reverse the accountability back to employees.
Pros: I know it's retail, but Apple is very well-focused on customer experience and employees. It provides many benefits and a higher wage than any place with so much care for its employees. Great workplace if you love exposure to ambiguity, new changes, and challenges. Working with customers can be stressful,

Cons: Management can be shady sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: best retail experience I’ve ever had

Cons: Beware of the kool aid. It's a fun place to work but ultimately still a job. Easy for folks to get stuck working here longer than expected.
Advice: None
Pros: I've met some of the most creative, friendly, and helpful people working at Apple. It's a true team environment with an emphasis on consensual, constructive feedback. Very easy to grow as a customer service professional here.

Cons: Salary not so very good
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work culture at office

Cons: Nothing to note, was very happy there
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great company to work for and their culture is amazing

Cons: Leadership (so I hear across several stores) is sub-par. I have experienced colleagues mistreated more times than I can count. In retail, we are regularly subjected to harassment and abuse from customers with little to no support from leadership. There is no commission, and no real opportunity to negotiate pay. For a company worth almost $3 trillion, we should be paid much more, especially in flagship locations in NYC.
Advice: Listen to your employees, genuinely, and without following up with excuses. They are easy to see through, and it is clear that business needs are placed higher than employee happiness in the list of priorities.
Pros: The company stands for a lot of great things - helping the environment, giving opportunities to underprivileged communities across the country, and more. The team of peers can be very tight knit and it is a joy to see the people you work alongside every day, in spite of the lack of leadership and the abundance of customer service issues.

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Great great great great great

Cons: Not sure what to say
Advice: None
Pros: Big time lots of hours good management

Cons: Lowered standards for training and technical knowledge now.
Advice: None
Pros: Old training added value to resume + experience

Cons: No cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty good place great benefits

Cons: Depending on location your experience can differ unfortunately.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and work life balance are incredible

Cons: The cons would be management and favoritism.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has Great healthcare Stocks Employee benefits

Cons: alot of crumy people there
Advice: more time off
Pros: its apple so its cool

Cons: the don't have cons so i don't know what to add
Advice: None
Pros: Competitve pay and also they provide help

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Best place for Career growth

Cons: Wanting corporate culture but doesn’t delegate responsibility evenly
Advice: Loosen up
Pros: Creating lifelong friendship and relationships with peers

Cons: I like Android and they are Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at.

Cons: Fast-paced your standing the entire time however you do get numerous breaks throughout your shift.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team Company culture Paid training

Cons: hard to grow, displays favoritism
Advice: None
Pros: Pushes you to learn and help develop lots of knowledge

Cons: Long hours sometimes, nothing else
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot, nice team, cool projects.

Cons: There are some upset customers
Advice: None
Pros: Get hands on how to communicate with customers

Cons: Only cons, that is all.
Advice: None
Pros: There are no pros. Not good.

Cons: very long working hours and pressure at work
Advice: None
Pros: high salary and bonuses and rsu

Cons: No Cons at apple when i worked there
Advice: None
Pros: Always had great management working for Apple

Cons: The customers can be needy and entitled, at least at the location I was at. But other than that, I had no complaints.
Advice: None
Pros: The people you work with are amazing and like-minded, which is always nice. Management seems to really appreciate and take care of their employees.

Cons: Stressful environment compared to other retail Repetitive Job Could be paid more for how much we do fit richest company
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay Managers supportive Some good benefits

Cons: Late hours, doubting there will be many opportunities to advance or move up. I kind of feel like I might be stagnant for a very long time which is a bit frustrating.  I work in Apple retail if that helps. If you are thinking about applying I say go for it and see if it's for you. If it is, great. If it was great at first and then isn't for you anymore you still would have had a fun and unique experience.
Advice: More career opportunities, make sure they are announced to everyone so all can have their fair chance while taking in mind that someone may not be able to check their work email because they are out of store or on vacation or only work part part-time or whatever the case may be. These should at the very least be announced in messages in WorkJam so that everyone gets the message at the same time and has the same amount of time to prepare and everyone that is interested in a position or internal store experience can have that opportunity. Equally. Currently that does not happen and that isn't very fair or inclusive.
Pros: Great company, people, and benefits. Pay is decent too.

Cons: Need help getting transferred to Elk Grove/ Sacrament area. Im having a hard time getting transferred and would like more support
Advice: Get more bonuses for hard work 😊
Pros: Benefits, pay, every one is friendly

Cons: Lots of politics if attempting to promote within the retail environment. Day to day you are encouraged to keep learning growing and make mistakes. But those mistakes will be remembered and more than likely used when evaluating your suitability for promotion. When promotion time comes they not only want someone who can do the job but someone who either has no reputation ,as in new and unknown, or gets along with everyone and is a favorite of all (yes literally all the managers) one wrong move in your time there could be impossible to overcome. This is not just my experience but that of coworkers who received the brush off for promotions.
And by the way if you work part time expect to do “self development” to keep up with trends another 20 hours a week if you want to keep up with everyone else , if you work full time expect to work and extra 15-20 hours on “self development” to keep up and meet expectations. Unless you do this and then some can you expect to even have a chance at a promotion in the retail environment. Your level of conformity will dictate your success.
Advice: It might be suitable to approach serving employees the same way customers are served. In most cases the customers are always given second , third , even fourth chances. Culture is not aligned in this specific respect when internal promotions are sought.
Pros: Great Benefits, environment that nurtures growth and self development, above average pay, great discounts.

Cons: very dirty and jesus christ
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and good people

Cons: Despite all the benefits, the actual wages that one is paid per hour could certainly be higher. While a base pay of around $20 an hour based on what part of the country you’re in is relatively high, it’s a drop in the bucket compared to how much profit the company turns annually. Wages could and should be higher.
Advice: None
Pros: As an employee, the benefits are the best part. Even part time employees qualify for health coverage, employee discounts, employee stock options, and paid vacation time.

Cons: bad work bad boss bad stuff
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Great work great boss great stuff

Cons: siloed work, lack of transparency
Advice: None
Pros: people, benefits, infrastructure, equipment, values

Cons: Stressful workload and crazy deadline
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment and flexible schedule

Cons: Use to be pretty good, but over the last 2 years there has been a shift in culture at Apple. No work from home recently which is absurd.  Senior leadership is full of themselves, delusional and out of touch with reality. No one wants to be in the office, and collaboration can be done with Webex and internet access as the pandemic has shown. Middle management comes in may different types, and styles. Most of them agree with those complaining, but have no power to stop or change anything. A lot of turnover and reorgs. I've been through over 20 reorgs in my time at Apple.
Advice: Start listening to your people. This isn't a dictatorship. It is a democracy. Work from home is the future. Reward your people who have been here for more than 10 years, along with  paying new ones extreme salaries instead of just the latter. Stop saying collaboration only happens in the office and that is your reason for forcing people to come in 3 days week. Don't pick those days, let people pick. Be flexible and praise your workforce. We are people, not machines to push around.
Pros: Good pay. Fun projects, especially for those that are technical and can lead themselves.

Cons: Request for leave can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Great pay Great benefits

Cons: Inconsistent hours. Get paid less to know more than the managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefits and pay. Good discounts.

Cons: so stress and don't beat salaries
Advice: increase stocks to employees and salaries
Pros: good stock value and healthy profitable company

Cons: They gaslight every part of the job
Advice: Actually listen to your employees and don’t drink the Apple juice
Pros: Offer healthcare even for part timers

Cons: none at all come to mind
Advice: none ar all come to mind
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Cons are a bad thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Pro is a good thing. Products are good.

Cons: no downsides to working here
Advice: None
Pros: best company to work for, great pay, great benefits

Cons: Becoming kinda sales'y. Some management in this market are a little more aggressive if we don't meet certain focuses and don't give grace employees as the nature of consumers is changing constantly.
Advice: Stay connected to what your team cares about.n
Pros: Good benefits for part time

Cons: Calls are boring and repetitive Dealing with rude customers
Advice: More flexible schedules
Pros: Great benefits, even for part time Choice of stock options Great leave benefits

Cons: Long hours minimal management in general
Advice: Have more managers on full time
Pros: High salary and benefits packages

Cons: i dont have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: the pro of the job easy work space

Cons: Retail sometimes feels like high school.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a good retail company.

Cons: They often over work you
Advice: None
Pros: They pay you very well

Cons: Talking to customer's over the phone repetitve
Advice: None
Pros: Management, made your own schedules.

Cons: Endless tasks, no commission, extreme micromanagement, cringey meetings &amp; kool-aid, impossibly high goals.
Advice: None
Pros: You'll learn a lot and have the opportunity to use those skills to get a higher paying job elsewhere. Don't let them lock you down. You'll have access to a ton of training in sales, IT, deployment, certifications, etc. Take advantage of the benefits.

Cons: Management, hours, respect, diversity, inclusion, intimidation, retaliation
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, decent pay, getting to say “I work for Apple”, other nice perks

Cons: If you are assigned a leader that doesn't care about your development it is very hard to move up.
Advice: None
Pros: Great co-workers, usually great leadership, they care about my development.

Cons: It is a very competitive and makes it hard for promotion opportunities, also not able to be fully work remote. (This is in AppleCare mostly also salaries are not as competitive as other companies)
Advice: n/a
Pros: You get really great benefits, good work culture, diversity and inclusion events that help with networking. (

Cons: The people that don’t want to be here tend to ruin things for the folks doing what they’re supposed to/showing up.
Advice: Don’t tear down the tree because of a few bad apples
Pros: They take care of us. During a tech freeze, Apple is doing whatever it can to hold on to people that want to be here.

Cons: It was a bit stressful to try to keep a perfect customer service rating, as a single mistake even as you are just learning will severely drop your score. Coming in as a seasonal hire also makes it a more competitive environment to try to get a full-time role than you might expect coming into an entry-level retail job.
Advice: None
Pros: Working in the Apple store is a lot of fun. You're offered a lot of autonomy in how you interact with customers, and many of those interactions can be super engaging, fulfilling, and friendly.

Cons: Not much! Treated well and appreciated for my value.
Advice: None
Pros: Great! Work hard play hard!

Cons: Working retail is working in the salt mines.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule. Managers were understanding.

Cons: Not much I can think off
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and exposure for IC design

Cons: Dependency on Apple ecosystem Limited customization options
Advice: None
Pros: User-friendly and intuitive interface Strong privacy and security features

Cons: Company culture and back filing management.
Advice: Metrics over common sense is not the way.
Pros: Great salary and company benifits

Cons: no as challenging as one would hope for
Advice: to not employ too many staff
Pros: Good opportunity for growth and career advancement

Cons: No complaints I can offer.
Advice: None
Pros: Job security, remote work for over a decade

Cons: It's really nothing bad about apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, good hours, easy days.

Cons: Hard to say what’s wrong when you’re working for Apple !
Advice: More organization for workers
Pros: Awesome company and awesome culture to work for

Cons: stress for work stress for work stress for work
Advice: Good Company Good Company Good Company Good Company Good Company Good Company
Pros: Good Company Good Company Good Company

Cons: not well and sick and drowzy and homesick
Advice: None
Pros: very good, nice, okay, comfortable, exciting

Cons: pay is the #1 Issue with employees, they love to say competitive pay but its not competitive
Advice: Hire management whose qualified to manage
Pros: benefits, not including the pay

Cons: Location a bit far from home
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work, good perks

Cons: Retail hours are rough overall
Advice: None
Pros: Lucrative pay and overall comp package

Cons: Making time for family while still excelling while working here is difficult to do
Advice: None
Pros: Work with amazing people and get great pay

Cons: workload on call can be very hectic
Advice: give your trainees time to adjust
Pros: great flexible hours and good benefits

Cons: - Everything is about metrics - Weekend availability is required - More often than not you'll be working night shifts
Advice: Compliment employee strengths and stop focusing so much on the weaknesses of workers. It feels like they care too much about their own quality standards when the consumers don't really care.
Pros: - $1,000 Home Office Bonus - Overtime pay - Opportunities for advancement - Diverse community

Cons: not awesome to sit in line forever
Advice: None
Pros: awesome place to get products

Cons: Time demand/scheduling availability is a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive, feedback driven team

Cons: a bit boring to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: It was okay, good starter

Cons: Professional environment and entitled customers
Advice: None
Pros: Working with great and amazing people.

Cons: Not very nimble, top-down, experience is very org-dependent
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, pay, product, autonomy, leadership

Cons: Working remotely feels micro managed. No amount of time to use restrooms, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Many benefits to tailor different needs.

Cons: Exhausting working with customers all day, every day.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work with passions and interests. Working with amazing colleagues. Being a part of an exciting company.

Cons: Pretty much dead-end job Toxic work environment
Advice: Get real
Pros: Decent benefits and environment and so on

Cons: Tech layoffs are worrying me
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and smart people to work with

Cons: Managers were all over you at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and great team

Cons: None i can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Everyone i worked with was friendly and always willing to help if you were stuck with anything. There was plenty of opportunity to learn and advance your career as well.

Cons: Not so many benefits to offer
Advice: Was great training
Pros: Great sales experience because it was apple

Cons: No work life balance. Pretty hectic deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience. Great things to explore

Cons: Micromanaging Retail Culture Customer Facing
Advice: None
Pros: Product Discount Healthcare for Part Time ESPP

Cons: A single bad apple can ruin the bunch. When Leadership cares more about their own political image and does whatever they need to advance their own careers in sacrifice to the people that do the work, Apple can become a toxic work environment where even the most positive people are left stripped down to a shell of their former self.
Advice: Lead people first.
Pros: With a great Store Leader and humble Senior Managers and Managers, working in Apple Retail can be an amazing career where you feel valued, develop lifelong skills and make great friendships.

Cons: -Post covid, has thrown employee health and mental health aside
frequently falls behind other members of the industry on pay rates only to shore them up when that fact is revealed.
-Family atmosphere can lead to abuse of good will and sense of obligation
While you can give feedback freely, very little is actually done with your opinions
-Despite not being a commissioned sales environment, sales people are treated as though they are and are constantly pressured to meet increasingly aggressive sales goals.
-Company has abandoned goal of providing amazing service and custom tailored solutions in favor of selling more and attaching services.
-Slowly letting go of company culture. Where it was once a bastion of oddball nerds, encouraged to be quirky and fun, it is now being normalized. They are hiring people who are much more numbers driven and aggressive.
Advice: Listen to employees, encourage individual talents and reward them, stop trying to make everyone equally replaceable by learning every skill in the store, stop endangering employees for money.
Pros: -Still has some of the best benefits of any company I've worked for.
-Accommodates mental health issues and even emotional support animals
-Currently offers competitive salaries
-Strong employee culture with excellent bonding
-Encourages giving coworkers and even superiors an honest opinion of their behavior

Cons: awful shifts, poor management, poor pay for the work you do. No room for advancing - often passed over for external hires.
Advice: None
Pros: remote job - was better when you could do chat but that was taken away and given to people in a foreign country.

Cons: In this role, you'll have the freedom to let your imagination run wild and the support to turn your wildest ideas into reality.
Advice: None
Pros: "As the Chief Imagination Officer at the Bureau of Creative Solutions, you will be responsible for dreaming up and implementing innovative ideas to solve complex problems. Whether it's developing a new way to reduce pollution or creating a program to bring art education to underserved communities, your creativity and outside-the-box thinking will be key to the success of the organization. You'll work closely with a talented team of designers, writers, and strategists to bring your ideas to life, and you'll have the opportunity to make a real impact on the world around you.

Cons: Super Super Super Super Super
Advice: None
Pros: Great Great Great Great Great Great

Cons: None, it is what you make it
Advice: Remember to respectfully not exclude religion. You can’t pick and choose what inclusion you want
Pros: Benefits Co workers Support in times of hardship

Cons: None at the time I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Nothing really it's a great job
Advice: None
Pros: Great Products to sell to people

Cons: some ppl not so nice
Advice: None
Pros: nice ppl to go to work

Cons: hiring process takes about 3 months
Advice: None
Pros: took care of employees, paid very well above industry standards, and have great benefits

Cons: Attention to detail on their products is what made this company famous. Internal systems are the complete opposite. IT MGMT is focused on saving money not on innovating. Internal mobility is troublesome. You have better chances as an external candidate.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great company to work on products/services that you use everyday.

Cons: Its remote work so there so you have to try really hard to interact with coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: The people are great and they focus on people.

Cons: Really varies depending on your particular store and leadership. You can only really move up if you fully buy into the culture which can feel cultish. Corporate bureaucracy can often complicate things that should be simple.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay considering lack of requirements for work history or education. Generally good environment where your relationships with coworkers makes all the difference. The vibe on the technical support and repair side of things tends to be pretty close knit and supportive of each other. Benefits for part timers are decent and have gotten better over the last couple years.

Cons: Hard to grow. Management needs more structure
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment. Staff was friendly .

Cons: The environment is like a high school or college because they only haute from recommendations, makes the environment hostile for people and cliques . For women it sets them up for harassment and little back up.
Advice: Hire people who aren’t your friends
Pros: Stock plan, but it’s gone once quit

Cons: Be prepared to dedicate your life to a company of this magnitude
Advice: None
Pros: Apple values freedom to privacy

Cons: Poor management. Toxic workplace at times. Too much focus on numbers rather than the customer experience.
Advice: Do what you can to keep good people. Hire and promote from within.
Pros: Great benefits. Cool products. Some cool coworkers.

Cons: They can’t seem to figure out scheduling to save their lives. If you don’t want to be a retail manager then there is not much opportunity beyond genius.
Advice: Have someone who works in the store create the schedule for that store.
Pros: Good benefits, great pay for retail.

Cons: Outdated eCommerce systems, platforms, and tools
Advice: The lack of motivation to improve internal systems and tools is impacting both internal and external customers.
Pros: Great benefits Hybrid work schedule Brand affinity Strong values

Cons: Only offered post time only
Advice: None
Pros: Fun environment and nice team

Cons: Nothing my time was amazing
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful benefits, people and pay

Cons: The salad portion sizes are too small
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing vision, high impact work

Cons: The management is terrible when it comes to consistency
Advice: None
Pros: The health benefits and stock options are great

Cons: Less flexible remote work policy and PTO policy
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team, driven and motivated

Cons: Long shifts, short staffed more often than not
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, but certain promotions are not guaranteed a raise.

Cons: It honestly sounds like Apple Retail is no longer what it once was, and I heavily discourage anyone from looking at Apple Retail jobs as a sustainable, long-term career. Get in, get the experience (it goes a LONG way on the resume), make the friends and get out within a year or 2. As long as you are a solid professional, you'll easily be able to land a much-higher-paying and equally fun job.
Advice: I don't think there's much that Store Leadership can do about the unfortunate change at Apple Retail, as it seems like its a top-down issue, but my advice would be pay living wages and create REAL opportunities for career progression - stop using promotions to try to make a name for yourselves in your markets. You leave a lot of amazing, qualified people in the dust and struggling to make ends meet. Also, hire more full-time employees, and please stop promoting the idea that being "full-time at Apple Retail" is a huge honor - it isn't, its just gamified.
Pros: - Co-workers: I met some of the best humans during my time in Apple Retail
- Atmosphere: even if I had a rough day, I'd typically leave work motivated and happy because of the environment and the opportunity to work with friends.
-Benefits: amazing, even for a part timer.

Cons: The job can get really tiring and emotionally draining.
Advice: Better communication with each other.
Pros: Meet a lot of cool people. Great benefits! Learned a lot.

Cons: It’s life-draining. They don’t care about you. You’re another number to management. There is no work life balance. I’ve been on LOA because they made me so stressed that I have panic attacks just thinking about returning.
Advice: Focus on your employees. You’ve beaten far off the path of respect for us as people. I can’t move up in this company because it’s backwards, I’m over-qualified for corporate, yet under-qualified for retail. I needed desperate help, and all I got in response was, “Use your vacation time for that.”
Pros: Fun and distracting when you’re initially hired. Everyone seems nice and is kind.

Cons: Not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of face to face experience

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Great awesome inspiring caring supportivr

Cons: No cons, it was the best job I ever had
Advice: None
Pros: Brilliant people, great work environment

Cons: Lots of Apple juice. Can be very political at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits for part-timers where most companies don't offer.

Cons: No cons everything is perfect
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, nice coworkers ect

Cons: High pace can be exhausting without sufficient support
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and co-workers to work with

Cons: A stressful life at work everyday
Advice: Just have fun with it LMAO
Pros: A Stress free workplace environment

Cons: Management can rarely stay on the same page. The Secrecy at all levels leads to a lack of cohesion, as new products, initiatives, and policies surprise you constantly. If you work in retail, be prepared to be in a crowd ALL THE TIME. Introverts beware.
Advice: Hire leaders that understand technology! Train your technicians more completely.
Pros: They can be fairly flexible with time off. The pay is great for the work you do. Especially in the Genius Bar.

Cons: Hours were long at times
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was fair and good

Cons: Lack of transparency from the top down. Difficult to get information about different job levels.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible health insurance and great culture on day-to-day level.

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: awesome staff and boss to work with

Cons: The corporate structure makes it tough sometime
Advice: None
Pros: Not bad hours, good compensations, interesting work

Cons: No downside as of now.
Advice: No advice
Pros: Good working enviroment.Great place to work

Cons: Hours can be a bit heavy at times
Advice: None
Pros: Strong compensation, great culture, all around good experience

Cons: Unless you’re “diverse”, good luck getting promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: I have a job still.

Cons: - Very high expectations for performance - Not as many free perks as some other companies - Some struggle with work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - If you're adding value and raising your hand, you can grow your career how you want to - Professional development available to all employees - Great company culture and values - Working with lots of smart and driven people

Cons: -Retail needs to be torn down to the studs and rebuilt. It's been over-engineered so much that it's a nightmare to work in and shop in. Bring it back to the magical experience it once was, install cash wraps, don't overwork your people. -Career advancement opportunities are challenging, especially with such a disconnect between retail and corporate. -Apple did an exceptional job handling the pandemic in the beginning. Unfortunately they didn't make sustained changes. Things went back, but with a changed society it just doesn't work. Let people work from home. Open up leadership roles. You've got INCREDIBLE talent there - quit burning through them!
Advice: None
Pros: Job security! Good pay Exceptional benefits

Cons: I did not like the scheduling.
Advice: Keep up the amazing work!
Pros: Thank you! Great training guys!

Cons: Hard to advance Can be busy at times
Advice: I don’t have any advice at the moment
Pros: Pays good Good culture Good location

Cons: Too much politics when it comes to getting a promotion.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has great benefits and stock options.

Cons: There are so many insane managers it’s not even funny. Everyone will throw you under the bus for their mistakes. You can’t trust anyone in management, and even with proof of documented lying and abuse, HR will do nothing. The company claims they have plenty of policies around respect, trust, anti-abuse. It’s all a smokescreen. In general the company has a policy of inaction - whatever they can do to sweep problems under the rug, they will do.
Advice: Accountability for management. Abuse audits.
Pros: If you want to work on real products like operating systems, compilers, languages, complex apps, this is the place for you.

Cons: I was so happy working for Apple, the company that developed the first computer I played on. I hope this can offer insights into my deep childhood love and connection with Apple. Let’s fast forward to February 2019. I was promoted to work at the Valencia location as a Lead, and the team was terrific. I mean, most people at Apple are good, honest, and kind until… Three teenagers bolt into the store and start pulling demo products, and I can not tell you why. A higher power took over and had me block the door, not running after them but trying to stop them from leaving the store with the merchandise. All I can remember was thinking, “these are kids, someone’s kids jeopardizing their future.“ This is real - Has it come to a point our society is so bad that children are stealing for money? And we continue to let it happen? Alright, here’s the download… I was fired by someone I had harassment issues with, but HR claims no records of my complaints. No one interviewed me. No one attempted to discover why I did what I did, especially having no history of doing something like this. You never know what you will do until it happens. This is a moral issue, and I am not a policy issue. I had a severe mental breakdown, and it felt like I had lost a parent. Fast forward to 2021, as my injuries were yet to be determined by the Medical Examiner to be work-related ~ which was over a year after the incident. And now, three years later, Apple’s WC still refuses to reimburse EDD for the disability benefits I’ve used. The next lien conference is set for April 11, 2023. This work incident occurred on June 26, 2019. #apple #workerscomp #mentalillness #ptsd #worktrauma
Advice: Please address this issue, which others have also experienced. Thank you for reading. Maybe this can save someone’s life if not mine.
Pros: The good team and kind people you meet.

Cons: Customers can be brutal and it can take a certain personality to deal with them
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and coworkers and managers are amazing

Cons: 12-13 hour days, pay for lunch (~$13), incredibly demanding level of perfection demanded. Hard to enjoy life outside of work when there is so much pressure and people depending on you for excellence.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible meetings of minds, great facilities, open-minded workspace, people truly care and are devoted to their work. Incredible collaboration and reliable teammates. Kind, friendly, warm, approachable, teammates who become your family. People don't feel the need to prove themselves - just want to help the team and product.

Cons: Traffic and parking. Location was okay
Advice: None
Pros: Was chill and good people

Cons: None really, everything here is great
Advice: Keep up the great work!!
Pros: Good company, tons of great perks and smart people

Cons: pay and tasks are tiresome. they get their moneys worth out of you. no food provided and no time to get any on breaks
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are a plus here

Cons: Yearly raises are pretty minimal
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, school tuition and good healthcare

Cons: - Things can be a bit disorganized - High variance in your experience at the company based on what team/org you're in - Fringe benefits not as great as other big tech companies
Advice: Keep incentivizing employees with cool projects to work on. I'm fortunate to have a manager that looks out for me, but this isn't consistent across the company.
Pros: - You're dealing with some really bright minds and working on some super interesting projects that are unique to a company of Apple's size - Lots of independence at the individual contributor level - you get to chose the best way to do something rather than having it forced on you like it might be at other big tech companies - Learn a lot, and very quickly too

Cons: Not a whole lot of growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: The job is low stress and easy.

Cons: Presentation culture is tough. Everything you create needs to have a good story behind.
Advice: More employee benefits please. Cafe macs food should be free.
Pros: Apple is a very diversified company, in some teams you get to work on both hardware and software. If you are a person with diversified skills and backgrounds, Apple is the company for you.

Cons: it's apple, a lot of work during the hours and dealing with stressful situation
Advice: provide more benefits.
Pros: it's apple, great benefits and people around.

Cons: Absolutely toxic. This company will eat your soul and spit it back at you, at least in hardware engineering. Management collectively uses fear and shame-based motivation. Team members are expected to present frequently to large groups with lots of shame and hostility toward people who either do not have certain expected tasks complete, have not made proper judgment calls, do not have the full depth of analysis that is expected, etc even when one is burning themselves out working over 65 hrs a weak to try to keep up. As a DRI (directly responsible individual) you own everything and are expected to do everything, even though management may tell you that "some things can fall through the cracks". When you complain about "quality of life", they pretend to hear you, but will immediately try to convince you that you are wrong. The management actively gas-lights people when they complain, contributing the lack of time or bandwidth that one has to their own time management issues. Working here is like actively living in an insane asylum. There is no social life, it's just awkward, no one is encouraged to talk or socialize, just to get your work done. Pay is the only thing that keeps people here. For several years I have worked until 11-p or as late as 4am consistently for 4 days a weak, Fridays ending early sometimes as early as 6pm. I've seen people with children do this years on end, they have no life. The question is why? Is your true sense of self value derived so deeply from this work? It probably shouldn't be. But that's what Apple wants you to believe, "do your life's work here".
Advice: Become aware of the toxic ways of this culture, its abundantly clear. Hire more engineers for teams that are maxed out on bandwidth, rather than continually blaming individuals for not having results that are expected.
Pros: Good pay Allure of working for "Apple" because of Steve Job's legacy and high quality products Good food at caffe Macs Apple product discounts

Cons: Little to no room to progress your carrier as an experienced engineer
Advice: None
Pros: Great company if you are a young engineer

Cons: favoritism hard to move up in company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits tuition reimbursement flexible hours

Cons: A lot of standing and sometimes have to deal with customers difficult customers.
Advice: None
Pros: If you like customer service, it’s a nice fit

Cons: Yes also chat gpt I done care
Advice: Make the company great again
Pros: Chat gpt please help me here this is BS

Cons: - Legacy team/software issues - Do not like the culture here so far
Advice: None
Pros: - Pay well for the job - Lot of scope to have impact in the services/cloud teams of Apple

Cons: No room for growth High stress Management can be very nit picky.
Advice: If your top performer is doing well, don't find an arbitrary data point to try to coach to something. Let them work and help them find ways to move up or out.
Pros: Great benefits and above average pay

Cons: NA FOR THIS job, solid
Advice: None
Pros: They are leanback and chill and understanding, you wont get pressured for results

Cons: commute could be better but isn't bad
Advice: None
Pros: I like it here products are great, love the campus

Cons: if working in iTunes some customers may not be so friendly, high volume calls, self care and work life balance needs to be prioritized to endure better
Advice: None
Pros: Management support, importance on employee mental health, pay, employee incentives

Cons: High Standards for their employees. Not a problem if you preform well
Advice: Keep up the good worn
Pros: Good pay and great work life balance

Cons: - Work hours are not great and have only gotten worse since they moved to third-party scheduling. - Management doesn't really do much outside of "coaching". - We are more focused on selling services than we used to be.
Advice: None
Pros: - Compensation and benefits are great. - Team is very supportive and helpful.

Cons: Pay, pay, pay! Management only cares about your metrics and the work it self is monotonous, repetitive and does not demand any of your intellectual skills. It is based on your language knowledge to improve Siri 8h/day. You struggle trying to move up because there is no positions available. If they create a position, you will compete with 100+ employees trying to get out of poverty.
Advice: Create new positions! Not only 1 every 6 months! Look at employees as valuable assets and not numbers. People are leaving because they can’t afford to pay their bills. Give them what they want!
Pros: Benefits, nice people from all around the world

Cons: Remote can get a bit tiring
Advice: None
Pros: Good job and managers help you grow

Cons: Toxic positivity Hours Drama within employees
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Time off Lots of employees, easy to switch/give away shifts

Cons: no cons for working in this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work and grow

Cons: New management does really not know what they are doing. Not a positive work environment anymore.
Advice: Make sure when you hire management, you are hiring the right person for the job and have more communication and transparency.
Pros: Great if you can work on your own, especially at the beginning depending when you started.

Cons: Customers have unrealistic expectations and managers enable them
Advice: None
Pros: Great stock purchase plan and health benefits

Cons: Weekends in any form of retail is a way of life
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, fun and useful with great customer impact

Cons: None at all I enjoy it
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is pretty nice imo

Cons: None, it’s been a wonderful experience
Advice: None
Pros: You get a great work life balance and pay working from home.

Cons: Micro management Political Hard to move up unless your favored
Advice: None
Pros: Great job Fast paced and easy,

Cons: Work life balance can be tough, with no weekends off
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and benefits.

Cons: To be honest i do not have cons.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and great company benefits cant beat anywhere else

Cons: Not the best location you know
Advice: Hire more people
Pros: This was a great experience I have a apple device

Cons: some food and way to check in
Advice: no
Pros: good to work with company

Cons: Poor team work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the best benefits I've ever had

Cons: way too many apples to clean up
Advice: None
Pros: the pay is really good, even for a janitor

Cons: Depending on the project you’re hired into, it will draw and attract clout chasers and grifters looking to just punch their ticket so they can move on with higher pay and a fancier title.
Advice: learn to weed out who really do care and want to do their best work versus the clout chasing ticket punchers
Pros: If you’re lucky, your org or project will run like a startup. Some thrive on this, others prefer more structure

Cons: Working in a large corporation means that sometimes change is slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Support of leadership to take on new projects and responsibilities. I have learned a lot over the years and I am a respected member of the development org. I am able to balance my work with the needs of my family.

Cons: Also has Giant Company's Common issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Well-paid for New grads and a supportive working environment

Cons: -limited discounts -no other cons
Advice: None
Pros: -benefits are great -flexible with hours -friendly people

Cons: Customers are very entitled and rude. They pay $1K for a cellphone and think that Apple owes them.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are very good Teammates are amazing Diversity is real Acceptance is absolute

Cons: Sometimes it feels like you’re not 100% supported by the managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good pay and pretty good people.

Cons: Worked pretty hard, call after call or 2-3 consecutive chats.
Advice: Hire more people.
Pros: Apple offers a great discount and discounted stock purchase

Cons: Corporate management is not accepting of any diverse ideas. This runs down to all aspects of your work life at Apple. If you are aligned with the rigid WOKE corporate ideals then you will be OK. If you have values that differ, you will be ignored and cancelled.
Advice: Listen to your entire team. Put "Think Different" into your current corporate attitude.
Pros: Products are good, team members in store are for the most part a great group of individuals.

Cons: stressful working environment. not enough training is offered.
Advice: None
Pros: There is room for growth.

Cons: Retail is not idea. Metric focused performance
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Decent pay. Good culture.

Cons: can get very stressful sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly and fun staff community

Cons: Can be political at times, hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: If you open at Apple many door will open

Cons: they be tripping on god
Advice: None
Pros: gaining advance customer service experience

Cons: It’s difficult to get hired in. But this goes both ways because employees are valued and layoffs are less likely than at other big tech companies.
Advice: Keep valuing people over risky expansions, it’s an amazing differentiator from the competition.
Pros: Excellent facilities, cafe and work spaces. Excellent employee benefits including healthcare advocates.

Cons: I didn’t have any con working at a Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Travel pay, the environment, stocks, medical, 401K

Cons: None at the moment yet
Advice: None
Pros: Getting paid every week you work

Cons: Pay is improving, but generally low for the work most people do. Challenging to get promoted no matter the store size. it is shift work so that is tough to build your life around. Entitled customers &amp; a few employees makes it tough.
Advice: Remember what it was like for you when you were scraping by, easy to forget.  Pay attention to what your team and the individuals are doing in the day in day out  - don’t wait for review time and only  have them tell you what they have been  doing - if you want exceptional be exceptional - care about what they are doing for the mission regularly, they will take care of the mission instead of move on!
Pros: The people you work with are life long friends. The emotional super you five and receive makes the job.

Looks good on the resume &amp; teaches you good customer service skills.

Cons: The grind in the family room and meeting a certain head count (number of appointments take).
Advice: None
Pros: Had a blast working with amazing folks.

Cons: None really, just got to be patient with people
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Makes sure you get breaks Good team/environment

Cons: Salary and the way retail is managed is too corporate rah rah. It's so fake and I was in my 30s working there and felt like I was being managed as if I was a teenager.
Advice: You are working with adults, act like it! Also, increase pay with the times.
Pros: Great benefits, great training, good people to work with

Cons: Very secretive, and it doesn’t seem like outside the box thinking is respected much, but maybe that’s just cuz I was an intern. Product releases were fun as you found out what you were unknowingly working on.
Advice: None
Pros: Good food, people on the team were amazing, although that could vary depending on your team. Lots of intern events in Cupertino to meet other interns and executives. Many employees are Apple fans, which is fun, sort of like cheering on a sports team?

Cons: As a Senior technical program manager I had very little work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Hello I was a Senior technical program manager for two years. I learned a lot

Cons: It’s technical support, so dealing with angry customers from time to time
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible scheduling, very willing to work around your college schedule

Cons: larger company larger time commitment for students
Advice: None
Pros: connecting face to face with customers on site training

Cons: Must reflect a lot - if you struggle with that you develop the skill.
Advice: Always stay honest, genuine, and transparent with those you work with. We are all human and can sense when things are not being said. It’s best to get ahead of things instead of distrust developing and spreading.
Pros: Amazing culture and benefits. You work with diverse and insightful peers that all bring unique insights. Apple culture welcomes this diversity of different ways of thinking.

Cons: Compensation Health insurance price for families
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing leadership support. Tpass Employee stock

Cons: A lot of standing for long hours.
Advice: they need a more diverse set of managers.
Pros: Great overall, great community. Great work

Cons: Little flexibility in roll and working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership and strong compensation

Cons: No work life balance really bad
Advice: Do better for future employeees
Pros: Decent pay nothing to crazy

Cons: Can’t escape part time entry level position after three years. Pay hasn’t kept up with inflation. Nepotism and friends of managers have special privileges and are more likely to move up. Part time benefits are more expensive. Sick leave/FMLA is not paid for if part time, you’ll pay it all back when you return.
Advice: Less nepotism, more transparency. Managers form an exclusive clique that ruins trust.
Pros: Good coworkers, overall easy job most of the time.

Cons: High Pressure Competitive Work Culture Limited Creative Freedom Work-Life Balance Corporate Bureaucracy
Advice: The management at Apple could prioritize employee well-being by implementing policies and programs that support work-life balance, mental health, and employee development. Providing opportunities for professional growth, skill development, and feedback can help employees feel valued and supported
Pros: Cutting-Edge Technology Competitive Salary and Benefits Global Brand Strong Company Culture Career Growth Opportunities

Cons: Sometimes although it is hourly pay and not commission, management push for more sales which creates stress.
Advice: None
Pros: Plentiful amount of benefits Flexible scheduling for the most part Great team around you

Cons: Mind less work while innovation is only allowed for top management and board members
Advice: Get it together and stop being holier than thou
Pros: I won't recommend unless you just want to build a resume

Cons: - No Good upward mobility/ Gatekeeping. - Some people are fake, Ie says one thing to you and then say another to another. - Surface level environment, people smile all the time w/o being honest about true feelings.
Advice: Continue working on making the work environment more inclusive.
Pros: - Great team Environment, a great team of people with various skills. - Flexible scheduling. - Accommodating Management. - Pay is Descent for the work - Excellent perks

Cons: too many hierarchical aspects to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: good culture with great support system

Cons: There are none at all
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to work at

Cons: Tough because of the culture
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of money to me

Cons: the customers could get terrible if your a tech
Advice: None
Pros: The People, the Pay, and the Environment

Cons: unorganized, hectic, fun, crowded, late
Advice: None
Pros: professional,fun, nice environment, inclusive, diverse

Cons: Hours Management Work on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Pay Environment Location Culture

Cons: work manager no free food no great benefits
Advice: None
Pros: apple name on your resume

Cons: Work/life balance not the best.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great people to work with.

Cons: Very fast paced at times, espcially holiday season
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and great working environment

Cons: not much to say honestly
Advice: None
Pros: it was alright to be honest

Cons: Perks , 3 day’s mandatory RTO
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects, smart people, proud to be part of apple

Cons: moving up can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: good starting pay and benefits for needing no experience

Cons: you have to work a lot, a lot of different tasks that are difficult to keep track of
Advice: None
Pros: very good work everything is fine

Cons: Still had dumb retail policies and scheduling.
Advice: They had to conform to corporate rules, I felt bad for them.
Pros: The experience and benefits were top-notch, loved my colleagues.

Cons: Can also be very insular and tribal depending on where you are, and the approach to Security seems to be treating EVERYONE like a criminal unless they can prove they're not!
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent facilities, nice people, fascinating projects, and a general buzz of excitement.

Cons: too stressfull sometime. lots of PIP going around this days
Advice: None
Pros: very good pay good food good VR headset

Cons: Micromanagement from store managers (even those falling outside the business team.)
Advice: More freedom
Pros: Great company, product, role and responsibilities Varied tasks Manageable work day

Cons: Occasionally the hours, however, the culture and the team makes it worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits - Atmosphere - Culture - Ability for advancement/development/growth - The leadership team

Cons: It all depends on what kind of manager you get.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was great but you certainly work for it.

Cons: No commission for deals that you bring in
Advice: Hire more people
Pros: Great culture and place to work

Cons: it is a tech company
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance for eveyrone

Cons: Dedication to growth has to be longterm, nothing is quick, everything is calculated and tedious. Very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, people, experiences, care for employees

Cons: Long hours that take away from life abalone
Advice: None
Pros: Love the team and people are very friendly

Cons: i have no complaints so far
Advice: all good so far
Pros: good company to work at

Cons: Work weekends and customers aren’t nice sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: They have your back on the floor

Cons: -Extreme amount of politics on small teams and cross functionally -Poor work life balance - company culture makes it very difficult to not be available at all hours of the day -Career growth is extremely limited after a few years
Advice: None
Pros: -Work on cutting edge technology with a mostly unlimited budget -Hybrid work environment allows for flexibility

Cons: It’s still a retail environment, so expect to work at least one weekend day, and also if part time have a retail schedule. Some customers can be outright rude and entitled, but that’s nothing new in the retail world. Lol! Also can be difficult to get into another role or even one that is corporate, however they are making steps to address this and provide more opportunities.
Advice: Have the opportunity to have more set schedules and provide more opportunities to grow into another role.
Pros: Excellent benefits, including health, vision, dental even for part time employees. Paid time off vacation and sick days. Discounts on Apple products, and services. At least at my location, supportive managers that are actually interested in helping you develop and grow. Good company culture with inclusion and you can be yourself.

Cons: Management, political, internal racism and bullying
Advice: Do better
Pros: Pay, benefits and apples connections

Cons: poor work life balance overall
Advice: none
Pros: nice to work in overall

Cons: the traffic between buildings is rough
Advice: None
Pros: everyone is very passionate about their work

Cons: NO one will defend if the customer is paying
Advice: None
Pros: Paid to shut up and here I am

Cons: Very busy workdays. Hard to keep up sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone I worked with was incredible! The company took care of it's people.

Cons: Hard work life balances the hours are sometimes unorthodox when it comes to scheduling.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, and great people to work with

Cons: Dealing with retail hours is hard. And dealing with retail employees is harder.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits benefits benefits. Great pay considering the work too.

Cons: Like many retail jobs, Apple retail can be very restrictive unfortunately. The higher you climb the less opportunities for advancement that are available. While it does pay more than other retail jobs, you are asked to do A LOT of work that can even be outside the scope of your responsibilities. Not always going above and beyond can mean you're not a team player.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has phenomenal benefits from 401k contribution, tuition reimbursement, and employee discounts. The company does a good job (at a corporate level) to constantly communicate with retail employees about initiatives and priorities.

Cons: relatively low compensation compared to other big tech
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work with great people

Cons: none none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Fair Employer Fair Employer Fair Employer

Cons: It's retail... Really no ability to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, incredible coworkers, solid employee discounts on products and on your mobile phone plan

Cons: Leadership is poor, lots of favoritism. No bonuses for GTM team. Managers get bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: Environment, high school like atmosphere

Cons: Too many to list here in this space.
Advice: None
Pros: Only good thing is the paycheck

Cons: No cons for this job
Advice: N/a
Pros: the job helps you learn a lot of many different things. Very friendly job, love to help their members actively stay successfully. Pay is good

Cons: Retail space can be crowded and stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and good perks

Cons: not as close of a community of coworkers as most other companies I've been at
Advice: None
Pros: healthy and positive culture very professional - get things done focus

Cons: not being able to work completely from home but can work hybrid doesnt make any sense.
Advice: allow employees in all sales departments to work from home only if they want. The job is do able from home.
Pros: friendly people and decent pay

Cons: tired tired tired tired tired
Advice: pay more
Pros: nuff money nuff money nuff money

Cons: - rude customers - short staffed sales environments - doing more with less
Advice: hire more people.
Pros: - competitive pay and benefits - incredible coworkers - awesome product

Cons: highly competitive and needs much time to grow
Advice: None
Pros: opportunity to work with best, knowledgable people in the industry

Cons: Management doesn’t listen to their people. Corporate doesn’t listen to their people. Much more about sales and numbers than it was in the past.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. Great benefits. Great people under management.

Cons: Competitive; heavy travel, frequent leadership changes in the department at that time.
Advice: None
Pros: Well respected company, products and services. Smart colleagues and engaging work.

Cons: Standing all day in one room.
Advice: Keep up the great work. Continue to cultivate a beautiful atmosphere.
Pros: Great to sharpen my communication skills &amp; connectivity with diverse groups of people.

Cons: It's retail with high goals, but all are achievable.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Management supports customers and teammates. Great location. Happy place to work. If you love tech, Apple is an awesome place to work.

Cons: Too much politics about what should be done.
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues, good work environment

Cons: Diversity could improve amongst employees.
Advice: None
Pros: You learn every day at Apple, great company to work for.

Cons: Be ready and willing to work really hard if you want to move up but its worth it
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of great benefits Good starting pay Treated like a person instead of a seat to be filled

Cons: Working in retail can be stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and pay. Good company culture

Cons: mandatory in office when productivity seems similar to before
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, great leadership, good discounts

Cons: You have to have an open schedule and they work part timers like full timers without giving you full time benefits. Good luck getting a day off. You have to submit your request no less then 4 weeks in advance and most likely it will be denied
Advice: MANAGEMENT SUCKS! Stop micromanaging every move
Pros: Benefits are good especially the employee stock option.

Cons: All the managers operate the store differently which can get confusing on how the store should be run. The management needs to make better changes.
Advice: The managers need to ensure they are all on the same page. Things get filtered out easily and leads to low satisfaction for everyone at the store.
Pros: The benefits were great at Apple. They care about their employees. I felt very comfortable with my coworkers.

Cons: Disorganized, lack of leadership support
Advice: None
Pros: There are great benefits and some awesome managers

Cons: Hope you give more points
Advice: None
Pros: Thank you for the experience

Cons: - No leadership interest in talent development - Political atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits in terms of compensation

Cons: About 15k underpaid compared to other companies and you’re unsure if you’ll have a job any given day due to mass amounts of people being fired.
Advice: Push hr to re-evaluate market pay for this role
Pros: Health and stock benefits are some of the best I’ve seen in the industry

Cons: I had a certain team lead who because they were on the hot seat, would find a way to have team members fired. In my 5 months under their supervision I noticed 6 people were removed from their positions all under drastic circumstances that didn't involve performance.
Advice: None
Pros: A pro would be that you'll receive weekly pay and meet some good hearted people along the way.

Cons: As a Retail business employee - no commissions. Limited / constrained opportunities for advancement. Prepare for a long road.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Exposure to Various Industries, Ability to understand how various companies use technology, Widely admired company that easily secures you intro meetings, No geographic restraints, great team.

Cons: None everything went good for me
Advice: None
Pros: Worked on my time worked from home perfect cause I take care of Mt grandfather

Cons: Not working from home is the down side
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful benefits, if you like call center environment, this is for you

Cons: The customers are annoying and disrespectful
Advice: None
Pros: They aight annoying job but pays nice

Cons: I have to work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits with this company

Cons: Dealing with the public 24/7 and standing the whole shift
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and awesome coworkers

Cons: Weird people would come in all the time so you had to deal with those. Also you were made to feel bad if you didn't understand things.
Advice: None
Pros: It was good working there and I like the people. Pay was good too

Cons: What are the cons to think of ? Nothing may be.
Advice: None
Pros: Don't know what to say.

Cons: Management flexs you beyond/outside of the scope of your role frequently without consent, taking you away from the competencies of your job description.
Advice: None
Pros: Ambiguity, Lots of creative freedom to lead your team/peers in the ways that you feel will succeed/progress forward.

Cons: work culture is not that great
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and salary are great

Cons: Remote positions have less room for career advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Positive culture, thriving communities, various career opportunities and open communication in all management levels.

Cons: far from my home in NC
Advice: None
Pros: fun environment and great salary

Cons: Management is not aware of call center issues that employees face and they are quick to judge. Not knowledgeable and unreliable. They don’t help you advance or help with career growth.
Advice: Be better at your job.
Pros: Casual environment and great looking place

Cons: As a chat advisor, you'll be expected to take up to 3 chats at a time. When I first started at Apple, it was only 1 chat at a time. It was increased to 3 fairly quickly but the chat quality standards never changed at all. You have 2 minutes to respond to every customer which is fine on one chat. But when you're on 3 chats at a time that means you have only 40 seconds per customer to read their message, research the answer, provide resources and explain the next step. It's nearly impossible achieve, let alone maintain for 8 hours. You're being set up to fail. Your entire life is scheduled down to the minute. You have to ask for any extra time you need away from your desk. For example, the day my dog was being put to sleep, I asked for an extra break to compose myself and was told I would need to clock out entirely for 15 minutes and take the time unpaid instead of just allowing me a small break while on the clock. At review time, you won't receive a decent raise unless you've "Exceeded" in all areas of your job but this is difficult to do when you have to ask/beg for time out of the chat queue to do special projects and make a name for yourself. It's entirely up to your specific manager whether you have the opportunity to succeed or not. Even when you are able to develop something to share with the area managers, they often drop the ball and your project goes nowhere or you find later that someone else is implementing the changes that you presented and you get no recognition for it. There's very little chance of being promoted up and out of the customer service side of the business as you won't be given the time or direction needed to improve your skills, mentor with other departments or receive any additional training outside of your role. Apple increasingly relies on vendors to provide their chat and phone customer service. The vendors have less training and are often coached to "just send it to T2" before they've even completed basic steps. Customers are frustrated because they spent time being transferred for a simple issue. As a T2 advisor, you then receive the customer's survey and you're scored down based on the actions of the T1 advisor. There is no way to reassign surveys even if the other advisor was mentioned by name and the survey clearly wasn't for you. Last year, Apple decided to move all of their internal chat advisors over to phone support. If you had an existing medical accommodation related to hearing loss or PTSD or anything else, you either had to give up your accommodation to make the move or find another job within the company that would accommodate you...which was impossible. I was put on a 30 day job search to do this and, despite a position being available for me to take that would accommodate me, I was not allowed to take it because the actual move to phone support was still upcoming. I would not be allowed into the open position until the day of the transition and the position closed before that date. I ended up reaching out to the EEOC about this who informed me that this is practice was NOT within the EEOC guidelines (An employee is supposed to receive the accommodation when THEY need it.. not when Apple needs it). Ultimately I left Apple because my last manager was extremely overbearing, very much a micro-manager and continually gave us tasks that would take us away from the chat queue but would refuse to give us additional time to complete them. Projects I had started on my previous team were taken away from me. Reports of system issues and downtime were not taken seriously and I constantly had to "cover my Apple" because any deviation away from your schedule was seen as suspicious. I recorded nearly 300 system issues resulting in downtime over a 2 year period complete with screenshots, screen recordings, internal IT tickets and personal notes but this was still not taken seriously. After asking multiple times (my area manager and HR) to be removed from this team, I was told that my manger was going on a rotation and I wouldn't have to speak to him again because of the move to phone support. However, my area manager then had him call me outside of work hours, while I was on medical leave, to ask me to login and work. I brought this back to my area manager who then responded by saying "I didn't think it was so serious".. despite my asking multiple times to be removed from a team being run by a person I found to be oppressive, hateful, and abusive. After leaving Apple, I spent about 6 months in therapy having been diagnosed with Major Depression and Agoraphobia (feeling unable to escape bad situations) caused directly by the interaction I had with the manager in question. Bottom line.. I was in an unhealthy and mentally unsafe environment and Apple REFUSED to do anything about it and even put me back into direct contact with the offender all the while ignoring and refusing to accommodate my medical status despite an option being open and available. One more thing (see what I did there?), Apple claims to believe in diversity and inclusion however this does not appear to extend to people with disabilities. Their D&amp;L website only highlights their Black@Apple and LGBTQ+ groups. Folks with disabilities are ignored and simply not highlighted or even listened to.
Advice: Take your employee's concerns seriously. If someone feels unsafe for ANY REASON do something about it.
Pros: I began working for Apple in 2015 and was initially impressed and excited about the job because it was my first remote position.

Cons: Can be difficult to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and flexible hours. No pressure to produce numbers

Cons: Incompetent management. Cult like. Nepotism. No rhyme or reason to promotions. Little support in career growth. The whole "positive work environment, we care about you" schtick is a facade.
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers are cool. Relatively good wages. Relatively easy work.

Cons: Everything, worst customers and schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great but that’s all

Cons: The only con is dealing with the same issues consistently
Advice: N/a
Pros: Health Benefits Pay Community Environment

Cons: Team dynamic depends on store
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of work but good pay

Cons: The work as an advisor is not fun. It is very demanding. In chat support we take up to 5 chats at a time. There are more and more responsibilities added but no more pay. The constant shift bids are very stressful. You can literally work ANY day, including major holidays. There isn't much room for growth beyond customer support. The most you can do are lateral moves.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are good here. There is a nice amount of vacation sick time. I appreciated that there is parenting time available.

Cons: Wish they had more opportunities for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for all employees happy

Cons: No real room for career advancement.
Advice: Invest in your people instead of laying them off.
Pros: Company is big on diversity. They will teach you everything you need to know to be successful at your job.

Cons: Seem to replacing veteran staff with younger and cheaper staff. Can seem very cult-like. You'll only succeed if you buy into the Apple way regardless of qualifications Most new hires start out as part-time and it can take upwards of 2 years to gain full time status. Favoritism runs rampant, hand in hand with buying into the Apple culture.
Advice: Stop pushing your people to their breaking point. Just because you tout your "wonderful" mental heath benefits doesn't mean you push people so hard that they HAVE to use them.
Pros: You'll meet some genuinely great people. Generous discounts on Apple products as well as other companies.

Cons: Poor work life balance Weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and growth Good benefits Evolving technology knowledgeable coworkers

Cons: the work is not that exciting
Advice: None
Pros: pay is pretty good but work is not that exciting

Cons: - Management can sometimes be disorganized and have lackluster communication - Can be difficult to find shift coverage
Advice: None
Pros: - Good for professional development - Competitive pay - Flexible hours

Cons: Too large of a company to make an impression from lower levels
Advice: None
Pros: Has a lot of prestige in it, learning things that will help me for life

Cons: Customers were something’s annoying lol
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, benefits and pay. A lot of time off

Cons: A lot of customers unhappy
Advice: None
Pros: Love that we got first dips

Cons: Not too bad. Pretty good.
Advice: None, keep doing your thing
Pros: Everything is pretty good, not too bad

Cons: Retail schedule is not supportive of academic schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Fair benefits even as a part time employee

Cons: It was very hard yo get time off
Advice: To be honest most of the feedback that I have is pandemic related that might not apply anymore
Pros: Good hours, good benefits the management was nice

Cons: some idiots call my company a tech giant
Advice: None
Pros: lots of fresh air when working in the fields

Cons: not competent people bad management have to do the promoted job for a year or two before getting the pay / title toxic culture hybrid work model (in the office 3 days a week)
Advice: None
Pros: some really talented / smart people not having layoffs (job security)

Cons: always on your feet, tiring
Advice: None
Pros: it was fairly fun and i learned a lot

Cons: kinda overloading. be prepared to do A LOT
Advice: None
Pros: really nice working at apple, great benefits, etc.

Cons: Everything else. Between the rude customers and micromanaging managers. Not a lot of opportunity for upward mobility. No commission or bonus structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Stock options allow you to save long term. Health benefits are good.

Cons: Retail hours can be a lot
Advice: None
Pros: They listen, they care, and you're in a position to move wherever you want to go internally.

Cons: i hate capitalism but i am a product of what i hate
Advice: None
Pros: its an okay place to work

Cons: Cross-team communication is comparatively less.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Semiconductor company to work for.

Cons: Compensation growth within Apple can be lacking, depending on teams: "The first review after promo you're never allowed to get anything above a 6/9 -- it's a [ORG] thing" Not the greatest WLB Try-hard work-hard culture (lots of mails and communication from everyone outside of work hours)
Advice: None
Pros: Work with hard working people Prestige and clout from working on things that have worldwide recognition Get to work on cutting edge stuff with next to no limitations

Cons: work culture at this location shifted from being supportive of staff to seeming like there were witch hunts happening
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits work life balance

Cons: Management accuses people of stealing all the time
Advice: Be nicer to your employees please
Pros: You get Apple products for cheap

Cons: high workload, lots of stress
Advice: None
Pros: Good captivating environment with great colleagues

Cons: Outside of the holidays and back to school season, it can be painfully slow in the store.
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership team is the most welcoming and supportive management I’ve ever worked for!

Cons: I don’t wish to make a comment on this
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefits and insurance plans

Cons: stress, pressure, overload of work , no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: freindly, effective, good work culture

Cons: Work schedule is not great for retail
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for employees and families

Cons: Benefits as a part time worker are non existent. Expect to work almost every holiday and not have paid vacation days. (You do have paid sick leave.)
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and ability to work your way up if you are motivated or interested in a career at Apple. It's also a great company to have on a resume since Apple is very selective about who they hire.

Cons: A lot of things but expected for the nature of retail: inconsistent scheduling, pay cannot afford cost of living, but is decent pay compared to other retail stores.
Advice: None
Pros: It was flexible, culture driven, people are naturally easy to talk with and approachable

Cons: nothing but all the best
Advice: None
Pros: • Deliver exceptional pre and post sales customer service around Apple’s product lines; • Maintain customer relationships ,understand the customer's requirements, match them with proper solutions, and close the deal; • Maintain sale order in CRM system-create order/revise existing order, check cash collection before delivery ; • Handling delivery and invoice, make sure all of delivery is accepted by customer ,ensure customer’s satisfaction; • Do proper documentation as per company policy to meet audit requirement;

Cons: strict on performance, clock in and out time.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits pay positive work environment and atmosphere

Cons: Apple is EXTREMELY strict on how you use your time. I'm a phone advisor and I am only allowed 1 minute in between each call. Taking back to back calls for up to 8 hours a day is mentally exhausting. Its customer service so you deal with many, many pissed off people who take out all their garbage on you. You must maintain perfect metrics, if you slip up at all your manager will have to meet with you to go over why you're slipping up and how you can improve.
Advice: Management does their best, no real complaints about the managers. They're just doing what corporate tells them to do.
Pros: nice benefits, health insurance, dental, vision, pto.

Cons: Hard to get in very selective
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and people dean

Cons: Sometimes switching a swift was difficult during holiday season or release days.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote was great and the resources available were amazing. Great coworkers who want you to succeed.

Cons: and the fact is the government has no control of
Advice: None
Pros: the first thing that comes

Cons: No control of sales trend, outdated systems
Advice: None
Pros: Supported, autonomous work, focused, leads are handed to you.

Cons: there was a lot of calls
Advice: None
Pros: remote parttime while studying in university

Cons: part time fights for hours
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits amazing tech takes care of there employees

Cons: no cons from me at this time
Advice: None
Pros: very good company to work

Cons: More diversity in management teams
Advice: None
Pros: Apple provides benefits looks out for employees going through personal or family related issues

Cons: Not many, but customers can be difficult at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere to work in and great training, just be prepared to move fast and think on the fly.

Cons: Little opportunity to advance unless you can move to California or Texas
Advice: Less meetings. Less calls. More time on the floor connecting with your team
Pros: Good pay. Great benefits. Strong financials

Cons: gets busy everyday but is worth it
Advice: keep it how it is love
Pros: time management and engaging high past

Cons: pay could be better for such a valuable and progressive company, retail does all the work and gets the short end in compensation
Advice: Pay your backbone retail employees a fair share
Pros: good benefits and great people

Cons: environment is not much good
Advice: None
Pros: good architecture and nice colleagues

Cons: Hard to develop managers only look at numbers
Advice: Stop drinking the apple juice
Pros: Great benefits and pay there.

Cons: Although there were many managers, you had to talk to the right one to get anything done. They were not flexible with their scheduling, and some managers were rude.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits! Part of your payment could be used to purchase Apple stock. They also help pay for college and gym memberships.

Cons: n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a
Advice: None
Pros: interesting work smart people work life balance ok

Cons: Long hours and tight deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Great team and compensation package

Cons: very repetitive work, does not challenge you if you remain the same position for quite some time
Advice: None
Pros: great work culture if working at the right store

Cons: The hours get cut, hard to get more, hard to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Company cares about you a lot, and it feels like a family environment

Cons: Low pay and no opportunity to grow unless promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for starting off

Cons: Absolutely zero room for growth, bad corporate policies suck all the life out of the potential in channel retail. Corporate management seemingly does not care that all of their top talents are leaving Channel Retail to work for companies that will pay far more and develop their staff.
Advice: Develop your people, and give Regional Managers &amp; Senior Regional Managers control over their jobs. Stop replacing all ASC and LASC roles with "specialists" that you expect the same work out of for 1/2 or 1/3 of the pay.
Pros: Decent Benefits, Great Experience. Management had healthy attitudes toward work-life balance.

Cons: Not much room for grown
Advice: None
Pros: Communications sold will improve over time

Cons: Requesting time off can be dicey, never a guarantee you will get the requested time off you need.
Advice: Expectations for availability needs to be more clear upon job offer.
Pros: Regular conversations with managers to ensure personal career development and an amazing environment that encourages a growth mindset.

Cons: Very woke belief system- and vocal about it
Advice: No political affiliation as you have sales from. It’s parties
Pros: Everyone gets along most of them time

Cons: Always on. Expected to be available 24/7. Everything is binary - it's either perfect or it's wrong. There is no inbetween.
Advice: Monitor work life balance to manage burnout
Pros: I was working ~80 hours per week while at Apple. The work was tough, compensation was fair, and seeing your product announced by Tim Cook is the most professionally rewarding feeling possible.

Cons: Hours, pay, management, standing all day on concrete floor, hard to move up, benefits
Advice: Treat your employees better and give them bonuses for selling products instead of taking the bonuses all for yourselves
Pros: Met amazing people Good resume builder for tech

Cons: Nothing bad is here for real
Advice: None
Pros: Cool place to be for real

Cons: Not ones that come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Support from an amazing manager and fellow CL's

Cons: Retail schedule. Inconsistent days working (again normal for retail).
Advice: Care for your people. When you show care to your team they will thrive.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Job security. Ability to move up

Cons: Don’t expect to have home life balance
Advice: None
Pros: If you can get a good manager, you’ll have a great time here. However, just like any large corporation their managers that think they know what they’re talking about but alas, I just managers.

Cons: It's retail and corporate culture sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance advocates, lot of discounts!

Cons: I am micro managed a lot
Advice: stop micro managing everything
Pros: great pay and benefits. easy job

Cons: part time with no benefits given
Advice: None
Pros: short hours and low pay

Cons: I have an Android phone
Advice: None
Pros: Apples tasted good and delicous

Cons: No growth for improvement, Feedback feels like ignorance
Advice: None
Pros: Calm, good work enviornment, Understanding, Flexiblity, and good entry level

Cons: Worklife blance can be challenging due to coming any day of the week including weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of promotion options with good performance

Cons: none, work here and learn as much as possible
Advice: None
Pros: lots of benefits, routine bonuses, great work environment, lots of pto

Cons: Everything was good, no real cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with!

Cons: Customers can be taxing, veteran employees can be a bit annoying. It still feels like retail
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, great benefits, fun environment, great pay and stock options along with regular raises

Cons: Lack of growth opportunities for remote workers. Veering a bit more towards hybrid work models, they seem a bit hesitant to offer better roles to remote advisors.
Advice: N/a
Pros: A great company, they address the full scope of an employee whether it be struggling at work or struggling in personal matters. So many different avenues in which they can support.

Cons: Management may have unrealistic expectations based off customer reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Benefis kitten instantly and extra after 90 days

Cons: There are not many cons
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits in the world

Cons: doesn’t feel like there’s enough staffing recently.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work relationships and leadership is involved in development

Cons: I was applying for a full time role and heard different things from each manager. I was offered to have my part time work extended for a few months but no one checked that they couldn’t keep me as a contract employee for more than 5 months so it fell theough
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, and coworkers

Cons: Scheduling at times was a hassle to change up
Advice: None
Pros: People there were wonderful, made going to work fun

Cons: Not really any cons innit
Advice: None
Pros: It is good place to work

Cons: Can't think of anything for cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good as it is - it's Apple

Cons: Repetitive work on the same things everytime
Advice: None
Pros: Experience for yourself and networking

Cons: Not uncommon to work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the smartest people I’ve ever worked with, the average person here would be a high performer in most other companies.

Cons: I do not have anything bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: A wonderful and wonderful company Wonderful salary and full of gifts for the holidays There are quite a few benefits and more

Cons: management, sometimes micro-managing (if you're in a busy store), you have to "drink apple juice" and "believe in apple", speak corporate language to get promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: your job is secure, you get stock, flexible schedule, one of the best retail jobs

Cons: Not much downside as I’m content.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s just better than my previous work experience. Little to no micromanaging.

Cons: Management isn’t great. Moving up is all about being a favorite
Advice: Learn their styles. Play the game.
Pros: Fun, you learn a lot

Cons: I can't think of any cons at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a company that cares about their employees. Vacation time for part-time employees. Great discounts and company perks.

Cons: Lack of communication from managers.
Advice: Admit when you don’t know something.
Pros: The benefits are awesome. Discounts. Not commission based.

Cons: Working hours were too high
Advice: None
Pros: Money was good compared to others

Cons: There is no commission but there’s an incentive to “sell”
Advice: None
Pros: Apple ids a nice place to work

Cons: Difficulty with customers, requires extensive goals to achieve
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, great benefits, team oriented environment

Cons: long hours and lengthy projects
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and work environment

Cons: Sacrificing weekends Work culture is all over the place always have to watch what you say so you don’t offend any feelings Little room to work your way up
Advice: Focus more on umbers rather than how nice of a person is
Pros: Great Benefits like insurance packages Great pay Hours are decent during the week

Cons: Sometimes it can be a bit boring
Advice: More holidays and customer service
Pros: I thihk its good overall

Cons: terrible work culture - no diversity.
Advice: It is not a one size fits all
Pros: The company is great, building amazing products that are worldly recognized. Building for production and large scale applications.

Cons: i made useful connections with coworkers, but working conditions were incredibly stressful despite policy that would suggest otherwise
Advice: None
Pros: working conditions were incredibly stressful despite policy that would suggest otherwise, but i made useful connections with coworkers

Cons: Pay is low and management had selective service towards helping employees develop.
Advice: None
Pros: Great stock opportunities for employees and fantastic benefits

Cons: The scheduling was terrible and inconsistent.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of public speaking experience, and great coworkers

Cons: Nothing at all was bad
Advice: None
Pros: Everything was very very good

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Good good good good good

Cons: Everything is used against you. Managers are snakes.
Advice: Get actual leaders from within
Pros: The people you meet in similar roles are typically good connections.

Cons: there wasnt really any at all
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and great company

Cons: Pay is not competitive. You move and you can risk losing your pay.
Advice: Stop micromanaging
Pros: Great benefits, amazing people you work with.

Cons: Little of what I do is unsatisfying.
Advice: More work life balance
Pros: Much of what I do at apple is proprietary

Cons: There is nothing about this place that I did not like
Advice: The management is also nice and helpful
Pros: Great work benefits and team support

Cons: Wasnt all that secure. People that didn’t work there still managed to get in to antagonize others. Some of the people that worked there were real snobs and acted like they were the best little hackers too.
Advice: Better monitoring and better placement . I got pinned for what the guy next to me said.
Pros: Great coffee, great lunch, good people to work with.

Cons: The corporate ladder is hard to climb
Advice: None
Pros: The people, culture, and compensation

Cons: Long hour, bad life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Easy and relaxing, high tech

Cons: Bad middle management outside of development
Advice: Start listening to more development resources on innovation
Pros: Great Company with talented folks

Cons: Difficult leadership at times and rapidly changing policies made it hard to keep up
Advice: More inclusivity to those with disabilities which have been disclosed to you.
Pros: Great place to work with generous benefits, time off, and opportunities for advancement

Cons: Non negotiable salary Very low hourly wage for the actual position and inability to work Overtime to complement income.
Advice: None
Pros: Good management welcoming culture and good work environment Great benefits ( EPP, Discounts, Cleo,…) Flexible schedule (start as early as 7 and leave as late as 6)

Cons: lots of grinding towards the top
Advice: None
Pros: good good good 4 star

Cons: Apps Customers Knowledge Subs Listing
Advice: I dont know i wasn’t there
Pros: Lunches Pay Benefits Good Great

Cons: Work life balance suck as you can’t get two off days in a row
Advice: None
Pros: Great retail pay and benefits.

Cons: It was a grind. iOS callers are the worst. just getting complained to so much. it wears a person down.
Advice: None
Pros: The training was fun but that's about it. my boss was amazing and so were my coworkers

Cons: Work a lot of jobs and new things
Advice: More salary, more benefits and many opportunity to learn
Pros: High salary, more opportunity to learn new things

Cons: Poor work-life balance, can be high stress, tough onboarding.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, smart co-workers, funding for projects, things are done the "right" way, good pay, travel.

Cons: Dealing with irate customers and inept management is not for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is decent (comparatively), good coworkers, flexible hours.

Cons: Managers Interview Process Scheduling Employee Attitudes
Advice: None
Pros: Work - Life People Benefits

Cons: Pitiful PTO, high school clique culture, top-down hierarchy, absolutely no internal mobility or career opportunities, expectation to stay in the same job for 5+ years before they even start to talk about you "growing," everyone sucks up to the people that have been there for 10+ years but look down on you for being new and "not understanding Apple culture," lower pay compared to other tech, inflexible WFH policy, everyone has a massive ego. You can look past all this if you drink the kool aid but anyone not fooled by corporate drivel can see right through it.
Advice: Let people WFH and stop with the toxic positivity.
Pros: Stable employment, brand reputation, product discounts.

Cons: nothinf very bad so far.
Advice: None
Pros: I work part time and its great

Cons: Even though the position is on site, it would be nice to have more days out of the office than onsite.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, everyone is super friendly and helpful. The company offers incredible benefits and gives endless resources.

Cons: Lack of flexible working. Major push for mandatory RTO on specific days No bonus this year Long days. Sometimes more than 12 hours due to global teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Average benefits for 401k match

Cons: No full time remote options
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, people and the products

Cons: Lack of communication within leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits for the company were great

Cons: As a part-time employee, there's not much work-life balance because they require part-timers to have all open availability on the weekends. There are multiple occasions where employees would have to step into a management role because the managers didn't do their job.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Product discounts Working with fairly large number of people

Cons: Busy busy busy. Which is expected at the Apple Store.
Advice: None
Pros: Management and coworkers were amazing. Truly a fun team. Great benefits and pay. Pretty flexible schedule. Fun work events

Cons: Such a big company that you are very insignificant and easily replaceable
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty good place to work. Can get a little culty at times but over all not bad

Cons: Angry customers entering the store often
Advice: None
Pros: Its cool fun staff and food

Cons: everything they did, everything they lied ,everything they ripped
Advice: fire all the Japanese team leaders and managers
Pros: none none none none none none

Cons: High pressure with demanding deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: + work on impactful, interesting projects

Cons: Limited space to take restful breaks in store, some shift scheduling issues
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great benefits, professional leadership

Cons: For a company this rich they are really stingy. They know they can get away with a lot as they are Apple, and people will stick want to work for them, or if they leave there are plenty of options.
Advice: Anytime you try to give them advise, they come back with we are Apple and we know what we are doing, and we have results to show that. While it is true that financially the company is successful, the company does have a lower employee based rating than almost all other peers. Focusing/helping employees is way way down the list of priorities.
Pros: You learn to work at a faster pace and realize what you are capable of. Decent benefits: onsite clinic, dentist, good food, best gym ever. For the most part, company does have a good culture, people respect each other.

Cons: Compensation, limited remote opportunities, and lack of mobility within the retail contact center environment
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, network, company-wide opportunities, stock purchase plan

Cons: Sometimes hard to grow with the company. No road to corporate in most cases and managers know who they want to promote.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits for a retail store are unmatched.

Cons: Bid on hours Performance driven Lack of culture No room for growth. Lateral moves once you reach a certain level
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Good pay Work from home

Cons: Limited upward mobility as a genius
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance there

Cons: The workload is high most of time.
Advice: None
Pros: Snowball. Do sth meaningful. Always motivated.

Cons: Pressure to improve yourself all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work into

Cons: Toxic environment, leadership isn’t held accountable, pay disparity for females and they do not have a zero tolerance policy on sexual harassment/assault.
Advice: Equity and inclusivity for everyone and change your policy to zero tolerance for sexual harassment/assault.
Pros: Great products and co workers are amazing.

Cons: Long hours, long commutes, sometimes inefficient, overall not too bad.0
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, good people, good perks, nice locations.

Cons: - Cons will vary depending on person's wants/needs. I personally do not see many.
Advice: None
Pros: - Amazing work environment - Obtain life-long skills for careers in and outside the company - Many real opportunities to grow in the company

Cons: I found it pretty challenging to get considered for other opportunities with the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and overall employee support

Cons: Controlling beyond work. And no long term benefits
Advice: Production and results should be a bigger factor
Pros: Excellent benefits and flexibility for scheduling

Cons: Retail schedule is very inflexible, Work culture, hours. No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, and stock options

Cons: Team changes and management changes are quite frequent.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing teammates. Good benefits. Good Compensations.

Cons: absolute bingle dif if i weere to say
Advice: continue bingle dif maybe only a little ?
Pros: definetly a cringle, maybe even a bingle!

Cons: average pay for a large company
Advice: None
Pros: excellent working hours and conditions

Cons: work-life balance , not enough pay
Advice: None
Pros: good experience with ios devices

Cons: Apple is very nice, me like, no problems
Advice: None
Pros: cool beans and dual teens

Cons: Many cons. Company isn’t fully metric based but are always looking to achieve sales goals. At will employment so the fire and mass terminate pretty frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to learn from, and grow in a professional. Growth and development being one of the forefronts but it’s dependent on your drive.

Cons: Sometimes can be overworked and tired
Advice: Keep being awesome
Pros: It's a great place to work and grow

Cons: - Managers do not help on the floor at all, they would be their for support but rather watch their employees drown than take a transaction 
- leveling up is difficult unless you are up management 24/7, basically have to be friend management in order to level up 
- It's an easy job to get stuck in because the benefits are so great but overall mental health is non existent
- work hours, can be anywhere between 7am - 11pm
- extremely difficult to get into corporate once you been in retail. 
- Career experiences feels like exploitations more than career advancements. Knew someone who did 15 career experiences and made Apple Retail what it is today and is still in retail for sales support instead of corporate. He should at least be somewhere in an entry level at corporate by now.
Advice: - Stop basing around hiring advancements due to personal experiences, I saw a lot of great people not get promoted due to management have personal feelings about a person rather than hire them based around their core strengths
- stop being passive aggressive to your employees
- learn how to control a floor, many managers usually freak out when they see multiple people on the floor so they will go crazy on walkies taking away support from other departments that desperately need them to support the extra customers. Just do a the transaction ... it's not that hard.
Pros: - payback tuition 
- flexible with school hours
- employee stock plan 
- employee discounts

Cons: No cons at this point
Advice: n/a
Pros: Working from home is awesome!

Cons: it’s hard to work here when you’re a student that has to leave to go back to school
Advice: None
Pros: incredible work family and environment

Cons: As a seasonal employee, I was kind of lead on about working there after my contract was over until it was over.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. The company wants you to succeed.

Cons: It’s tough to get to the long term benefits. The company just sees you as a resource that it’s willing to suck dry no matter the “enriching lives” part of things.
Advice: Hire more people and pay everyone upfront more. You can afford it and they are worth it but I do miss working there sometimes.
Pros: Good benefits for full-timers and if you start young enough and save your stock, you can afford a down payment on a house.

Cons: Low pay increases Handcuffed to stock (granted RSUs dont vest for 3 years) No way to advance on merit
Advice: Be honest about salary increases and bonuses. Lying that "no one got a bonus" is easily debunked. Rather address "you did not get a bonus because of XYZ"
Pros: Great health benefits, Great environment, ability to work hybrid

Cons: Political culture, can be daunting to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Great Benefits cant speak highly enough

Cons: Maybe maybe maybe The weather
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary Good place to work

Cons: competitive and lots of competiton
Advice: None
Pros: great working environment, great people

Cons: It's tedious work at times Steel learning curve Can be stressful Travel requirements
Advice: Have better technical resources for a smoother onboarding experience.
Pros: Lots of opportunities to learn from a wide variety of topics People are open to questions / want to help Travel opportunities

Cons: lots of overtime hours sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: opportunities for developmentv , values , great network

Cons: The same cons as any large corporation may have.
Advice: I recommend employment at Apple to my family and friends.
Pros: The people. Apple attracts top talent throughout their entire organization. The culture is great and they have good benefits.

Cons: hours are long, and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: good company i think so

Cons: Retail hours Part-time doesn’t get paid for holidays when the store closes
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Stock purchasing program Flexible schedule Vacation time Sick time

Cons: don't give free lunches to employees
Advice: None
Pros: very well run from inside

Cons: Talked to awful Not many breaks or time away from forward facing
Advice: None
Pros: Cool merch and interesting games and puzzles weekly

Cons: The lifework balance really sucks.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment and everyone cares

Cons: Customers have to be the worst part
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome Company, Great experience, Family Friendly

Cons: yeah it can get out of hand. I'd hard not to put in the hours to get the job done well. We do it to ourselves. So take it easy when things are quiet, you'll be back at the grindstone soon enough.
Advice: in some divisions there seem to be very few perks and amenities compared to other groups
Pros: Everyone is pretty much top-notch

Cons: Managers tend to micromanage teammates Very hard to progress career Hard to share information in our daily briefings due to manager interference
Advice: Less interference with how the business team operates and daily briefings
Pros: Great teammates that you can rely on to help Great benefits Flexible scheduling

Cons: People entitled no grace period
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits stock therapy fitness

Cons: Had to put something in this box
Advice: None
Pros: it was alright I would recommend it

Cons: Management only care managing up to show loyalty and earning bonuses and don't care about their subordinates.
Advice: Be cautious on who you trust and perform deep evaluation on your staff.
Pros: Nice bonus and perks if you are a golden employee.

Cons: The customers that come in can be tough to deal with, as they don't understand the more technical aspects of owning an iOS device.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture at Apple is awesome. Your peers genuinely care about you and it's a really fun atmosphere to work in.

Cons: Can be very demanding and customers can be very intense some times.
Advice: They really need to take a look at truly being fully staffed or even over staffed. Getting vacations approved was always challenging
Pros: Good benefits and money for a student to work for during college.

Cons: Senior managers somehow become a**holes
Advice: Weed out bad managers
Pros: Well oiled execution engine. Best in the industry.

Cons: Honestly there is nothing bad
Advice: None
Pros: food, drink, pets, salary, friends

Cons: i dont have any to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: its the best lowky for everyone

Cons: a lot of work and customers
Advice: None
Pros: great work experience liked it a lot

Cons: not a set plan for leveling up in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: connects you make with coworkers and customers who come into the store.

Cons: The hiring freeze currently going om
Advice: management on a corporate level was amazing, knowledgable and professional. This is the opposite for retail level management.
Pros: This opportunity was easily granted to me because I was a apple retail employee.

Cons: very long hours, i have stayed in office until 11 multiple times. Small design flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: pay smart people job resources

Cons: Other companies offer significantly higher base pay, have better benefits, allow WFH, offer free snacks and/or food, difficult to switch teams or get promoted
Advice: What tangible advantages has RTO yielded for the company?
Pros: Smart, kind, competent colleagues, decent pay, valuable stock, prestigious name, no layoffs so far

Cons: No opportunity for raises/promotion
Bad management/leadership
Advice: Be more fair to the actual hard workers. They are working hard and not talking the entire time, yet are told to do more with no incentives at all. One person talks everyday like he is at home and it creates a toxic work environment in which others are not able to work and focus. The excessive talking should have been stopped from day one. So it is unfair in my opinion that others get to enjoy quiet work environments while others are stuck next to people who talk nonstop from the start of work 'til the end for every shift.

Rather than allowing this to go on for six or more months, the new lead who took over should have shuffled seats around since there was clearly too much talking and best friends who sit next to each other. The old lead did this every one to two months which I very much appreciate now that this is happening with the new lead.
Pros: Difficult to find any to be honest

Cons: No cons other than little to no PTO for part time specialists
Advice: None
Pros: All the benefits Flexible hours

Cons: Job is long answering back to back phone calls for hours at a time
Advice: None
Pros: Its Apple...they take care of you. PTO as part time, full health insurance, stock purchase plan 401k match, EVERYTHING

Cons: ifone only update camera every year
Advice: None
Pros: is good price for ifone

Cons: inconsistent shifts and crazy customers
Advice: None
Pros: amazing benefits and the coolest people work there. i’ve made life king friends all over the country thanks to apple!

Cons: Bad pay and attitude driven
Advice: None
Pros: Good help to improve customer servuce

Cons: Lack of overall work flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Strong comp Good leadership Motivating work Excellent colleagues

Cons: Blatant nepotism. People get promoted who definitely don’t have any of the necessary skills. Leaders and management are brown noses that think they’re part of a cult.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool coworkers. Relatively easy work

Cons: It’s retail, there will still be issues reminiscent of other retail companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, and pretty decent work ethic

Cons: Ok I Im Im Im
Advice: Nothjng
Pros: Discounts Positive Salary Location Insurance

Cons: Apple pays well for retail, but in the last two years newer employees are out-earning employees that have been there for multiple years. There has been a rapid decline in leadership quality as well, so if you're stuck at a store with poor leadership... it's not going to be a good time for you. "Career Opportunities" are also a way for the company to save money by not having to hire contractors or full time staff for certain roles - be prepared to do work way outside your pay grade for the "valuable experience".
Advice: Pay your employees a fair living wage. Even part time employees put so much energy and passion into their roles... it needs to be equitable.
Pros: Apple is a fun place to work. There is a lot of enthusiasm and you are surrounded by some of the coolest products on the market. The discounts and benefits are also amazing.

Cons: Difficult work environment and tough timelines.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of creative freedom and room to grow

Cons: Hard to pick up hours for part time employees Hard for students (no school/work life balance) Difficult customers at times
Advice: None
Pros: Cultural atmosphere is great Competitive pay Amazing benefits

Cons: The management is horrible in which makes me wanna quit
Advice: None
Pros: The people are great and the benefits

Cons: Angry customers coming in that forgot they passwords
Advice: None
Pros: Working with Apple products every day

Cons: Hours and stress Work/Life Balance. Work comes home.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People, good compensation and benefits.

Cons: Apple still needs to find a way to convert customers satisfaction into their "metrics" for employees to hit
Advice: None
Pros: The internal/external people are what keep you going.

Cons: Terrible customer experiences, bad scheduling, raises are a joke and never are more than a few cents for every employee, team memebers feel undervalued and there is an extreme disconnect from corporate and senior management. Seniors managers make double the salary of leads and managers to do the least amount of work.
Advice: Need to bring value and pay the team more who is putting in the work and dealing with the customers. customers have gradually become more terrible after covid
Pros: Good benefits, great coworkers and team

Cons: customers can be difficult at times
Advice: None
Pros: great team to work with

Cons: There really isn’t any besides my personal commute!
Advice: None
Pros: Very great team, nice customers as well!

Cons: Great environment to motivate the employees.
Advice: treat
Pros: I have been working here its great

Cons: more discount, rude customers, long hours
Advice: None
Pros: good company, good employees, nice work enviornment

Cons: Sometimes the environment feels a little too involved with apple, it can feel cult-like
Advice: None
Pros: I love the company as it gives great benefits as well as the pay is great

Cons: customers sometimes will drain you retail hours so work life balance can be tricky
Advice: None
Pros: great team great benefits pretty good pay for what you do

Cons: Works hours can exceed the "standard 9 to 5" and the work week might include weekends. Hard work is usually rewarded with more work.
Advice: Be more generous with pay and respect family life and work-life balance.
Pros: Benefits include great food options in the Cafeteria, subsidized fitness classes, onsite chiropractor and onsite medical.

Cons: - Pride among senior managers and staff was not uncommon. Sometimes, not often, decisions were made based off of who was presenting the data, and not based off of what the data was actually saying.
- I've witnessed people forced out of roles because some said "they didn't get it". Which really meant some people didn't think they weren't smart enough.
- Remote work is not possible for many roles. 
- With the time I had to invest, it was difficult to work here at times, but I still deeply miss working here like most others that choose leave do.
Advice: Embrace remote working
Pros: - Apple has many of the great amenities, salaries, and benefits that you get from many silicon valley companies.
- Apple is so big that your experience here will greatly vary depending on the team that you are joining. If you stick with it and work hard, things will probably work out for you. You will need to put in the time though. For me this meant working over weekends, early days, and late nights sometimes. 
- Through difficult meetings with senior management, I learned how to think and ask the right questions, which is the most valuable thing I took away from this role.

Cons: The burnout can be real. While the company always exceeds, they pivot quit to prevent failure and that means long hours at high stress periods
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great pay and decent benefits

Cons: Work life balance was hard
Advice: None
Pros: The work was pretty easy

Cons: Need to pay for the restaurant
Advice: None
Pros: Worlds best and richest company

Cons: Sometimes have to deal with tough customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good Money Great management Remote work

Cons: no imagination space, fixed job.
Advice: None
Pros: Good for all. worth to work for long.

Cons: Despite the credo saying "our soul is our people", management doesn't care about you and their response to COVID and their employees validated that. Management was quick to gaslight employees and sweep issues under the rug when brought up. If an issue was brought up in a public forum, they would address it in private so it would be easier to ignore.
Advice: None
Pros: Stock options, benefits, health insurance, employee discounts for part time employees

Cons: nothing just high salary and
Advice: nothing already good well and
Pros: good job everything goes well

Cons: Retail is not a very gratifying way to make a living. Apple pays better than most retail but that's not saying much. Have to work every weekend.
Advice: None
Pros: Fellow employees are smart and friendly. Caring team attitude, Lots of camaraderie and support. You learn a lot for a retail job.

Cons: Big corporation - siloes, slow moving
Advice: More opportunities for advancement
Pros: Some of the smartest people in the industry, exceptionally high standards

Cons: Annoying shift times for a college student
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay for a college student

Cons: Very cutthroat culture Coworkers and managers willing to throw you under the bus to prevent themselves from looking bad No life outside the job and family for many at the company (this culture is encouraged)
Advice: Be less business oriented and more people oriented
Pros: Good Pay Lots of smart coworkers Lots of resources

Cons: workload might bne higher most of the time
Advice: None
Pros: working here gives you a lot of leverage in the job market

Cons: work can be repetitive, bubbling up feedback for internal improvements used to be better, work/life balance can be improved
Advice: be more open to feedback and helping to bubble it further up to initiate changes
Pros: tuition reimbursement, top tier PPO health plan, EAP, disability,

Cons: They over so it with the diversity thing
Advice: None
Pros: Good retail job for college student

Cons: There is a slight lack of privacy with some of the employees but the vast vast majority are great.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Great people that do good work.

Cons: High traffic high stress at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team dynamic and support.

Cons: People at work have a complex. Spoke with employees from different stores and have confirmed that the work environment feels like part of the culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Social environment if that’s your thing. The company is annually paying up to $5,250 for my education, they give me free Coursera, and $300 for my gym membership.

Cons: They expect more out of you
Advice: None
Pros: They treat you good as a whole

Cons: Bullying from Senior Management is a frequent occurrence among older employee's HR Investigations are never fully investigated.- conclusion is almost always "Unfounded" Older Female employee's do not have a career trajectory" Do NOT admit Io having ANY Disability- You will pay for it. Never felt my job was secure in 14 years, even with Exceeds on performance reviews. Some area's promote a very hostile work environment. No point complaining- HR works for Leadership-NOT the employee. You learn that pretty quick. Still very much a "Boys Club" atmosphere in many departments Company has changed exponentially since rapid growth in 2015.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and PTO. Employee discounts and time away is great.

Cons: Our pay is fair and even excellent, you could say (and considering the pros, too), but I hear how much some friends make at other companies doing similar jobs, which make considerably more in some cases.
Advice: Make clearer paths to success and achieving goals. Annual reviews are sometimes a mystery and a bunch of speaking in cryptic ways when it comes to ratings, comp discussions, and how the two affect each other, and without any consistency other than remaining a mystery.
Pros: Continually striving to take better care of its employees. The benefits are great and excellent assurances of job security. I don't ever feel as anxious as I did in other tech companies.

Cons: Toxic work environment with no opportunity for growth unless you’re Indian
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good and there’s a lot to do

Cons: Big corporate and specific to the store you work in
Advice: None
Pros: Many perks and good pay

Cons: Scheduling is not that great
Advice: None
Pros: Free product and discounts in store

Cons: Will lay you off when needed
Advice: None
Pros: Pleasant working environment but difficult.

Cons: Many people are not willing to adjust to change, management 'acts' like they care about you and your growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great benefits, fun locations

Cons: no cons at all if I might add.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay considering the amount of work you're doing

Cons: Additional queues and responsibilities with no addition to pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to learn and share experiences with all various lines of business.

Cons: - Very difficult to get full time status - Weekends off are rare
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible with time off - Great co-workers - Healthy relationship with managers

Cons: I really dont know im just trying to look at salaries man
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: There are lots of benefits

Cons: Moving up within the company is somewhat difficult. Not really about what you’ve done, managers will ask you to tell you stories and never actually verify those stories.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits, very open minded

Cons: None, this is the place to be for engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Great job, high impact and important work

Cons: Cliques and entitlement may make it difficult to give feedback.
Advice: Keep promises made.
Pros: Multiple opportunities available through benefits offered.

Cons: phone call drop sometimes when calling
Advice: None
Pros: Great customer service and support

Cons: cant think of any. but the high attention to detail culture might not be for all.
Advice: None
Pros: lots of learning, great mentorship, really smart people to work with

Cons: excessive time at home causes insanse levels of boredom. Also call volume is high
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and competitive pay

Cons: Managers are bound and determined to convince you they are invested in your development because the moment you realize they aren't they will manipulate the systems in place to fire you. This is from personal experience and my case was further validated by Employee Relations siding with me and isolating the offending manager from engaging with most employees and being sent on extended, mandatory leave.
Advice: There's no advice that actually reaches managements ears and gets acted on. They operate for their own interests exclusively.
Pros: Absolutely none as they all are outweighed by the experience you will have with management undercutting your use of the benefits.

Cons: - Lot's of control - Treats you like a replaceable recourse
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting projects - Nice company benefits

Cons: - the schedule here is HORRIBLE, the main reason I quit, schedules are never locked down, and they mostly use part time employees to cover the hour long breaks of the full time employees, so in my case they had me come in 5 random days a week, for 5 hour shifts, I argued with them for months to go down to 4 shifts per week just longer hours and they fought me on it every time. 
- You can only advance slightly, I started as a tech specialist and then to tech expert and finally genius, but after that there is really no where else to go. You can try another role like a creative (someone who teaches the classes) or selling or stock.
- Favoritism is terrible here
Advice: You'd keep far more employees if you worked with people to set up even some kind of a locked in schedule. My entire experience here would have been so much better if even 2 or 3 days a week MGMT worked with me to pick a handful of days/times that would work for me. People have lives outside of work.
Pros: - 25% discount on 1 of each Apple product once a year
- Discounts on all things Apple, cables, cases, Apple Music, iCloud store
- looks good on resume

Cons: poor management difficult to get in
Advice: None
Pros: good pay good benefits easy job

Cons: No free food at all
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and great office

Cons: Can be stressful sometimes and it can have bad effects.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Nice Benefits

Cons: They string you along for false hope on opportunity of advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with great people and learned a lot.

Cons: Don’t pick own hours, far away from home
Advice: None
Pros: Very cool coworkers and staff, simple tasks etc

Cons: Difficult to move positions and be noticed. Lots of politics in hiring and who gets to be benefited.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment. Intelligent folks that are easy to get along with. Nice campus! Great benefits.

Cons: The pay was not as high as expected
Advice: None
Pros: It was great working here.

Cons: Push for AppleCare is sometimes frustrating. I don't like pushing things on people but I do it so I won't have to have a discussion with leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: I have not been with Apple long but it has been the best job I've ever had. It's the first job I haven't disliked within the first few months for one reason or another. Management is amazing, I don't feel afraid to call out when sick. I feel listened to for the most part. There are many other great things but these are just to list a few.

Cons: Work culture is a problem
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to be at

Cons: Calls can be demanding at times. Shifts last for 6months at a time and based on your stats
Advice: None
Pros: Great training and a wide variety of shift types. Awesome Benefits

Cons: There are so many students that work there that it's hard to get time off approved.
Advice: None
Pros: They tend to hire people that are open minded which make for a great work environment.

Cons: Career development, compensation for work
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment that feels good to go to work for

Cons: Scheduling can be difficult to deal with at times. PTO has to be requested a month in advance.
Advice: None
Pros: Positive Environment Great Coworkers Room for advancement.

Cons: Not enough vacation time. You build vacation/sick time by the hours you work each pay period. Management is toxic. They will hold you to standards that they themselves don’t abide by. They come and go as they please if they even show up at all yet they still get paid because they’re salary. It’s a buddy club at the management level. You have your manager, they report to an area manager, and the area manager reports to a senior area manager. They all do the same shady thing where they collect a paycheck but barely show up so you will never see a manager get fired because all of the shady behavior is just swept under the rug and hidden from upper management. Not to mention that all these different tiers of management work mostly from home so there’s nobody above them that has eyes on them. If upper management wasn’t so clueless they’d see that there’s absolutely no reason for three different tiers of management. Upper management has recently implemented a policy in which people who were working from home even long before the pandemic are no longer going to be considered for promotions unless they move to an on-site location. Management will counter that claim by saying it’s all about who you know, and developing your skills but they don’t give you time off the phones to better yourself. The training is very poor in quality too. You will never have weekends or holidays off and if you do it’s a rarity. Also, the hours of operation are horrible. AppleCare goes by Central Time hours which is 7AM-10PM Central. What this means that if you live outside of the Pacific time zone you are working later hours which is horrible in my opinion. Forget having a work-life balance if you’re on the east coast. And here’s the worst part, your schedule is not fixed. You have to bid on a new shift every few months and that process is very convoluted because it’s based on job performance, not seniority. As far as the metrics they use to judge your performance, they’re near impossible to meet. A large part of the metrics are based on customer surveys which basically means you’re on the front lines taking bad surveys from customers who are not necessarily upset at you but are angry with Apple’s products or their policies. So you’re punished with a horrible schedule for things that are entirely out of your control. Raises are not that great. If I average out my yearly pay increase since I’ve been here it comes out to an $1.78 dollar increase each year. To me that is just not great considering the cost of living and the fact that Apple has no problem giving stock grants to privileged board members.
Advice: Please take a hard look at the job abuse that is happening in the work from home space when it comes to lower level management. It’s been happening for years and it’s time for a change. Also to upper management, if you actually read this put yourself in our shoes. If you think hard enough and long enough you will see that money is being wasted on no show jobs and a lot of your policies are outdated and antiquated.
Pros: Benefits are great. Discounts are decent but could be better. Pay is not the worst but should be a lot better considering Apple is a trillion dollar company.

Cons: The management sometimes isn't the greatest You have to bid for shifts based on performance
Advice: Have more empathy for your employees
Pros: You get to work from home

Cons: Everything. Management, “time in tool”, it’s a job that has zero transferable skills and leadership repeatedly hinders anything growth-related unless it pertains to this specific, isolated department. Boring work, too. Pay is terrible - most of us had second or third jobs while working for a global leader of innovation. They love to hook you on the possibilities but it’s just not there with an entry-level job. I think people in other, higher positions probably enjoy their roles. I now make more than this company would have ever offered me at my height.
Advice: They wouldn’t care if I did. Management was all outsourced because internal managers left or were not asked to stay on this team. The current managers have never done the job and do not grasp it. Workers have complained many times about inaccuracies of internal tools yet still get reprimanded. Management in Austin, Texas will tell you things like: 

“If you take off, that will affect your time in tool this week”
Pros: You get the company benefits they don’t really want to give you because they see you as less than.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: This company provides a culture truly dedicated to the well-being of employees and provides exceptional benefits.

Cons: There are no downsides working at apple
Advice: None
Pros: Pay culture skills flexibility training

Cons: Hard work Focus Less time rude clients Tha
Advice: None
Pros: Good Welcoming Open Great Serious

Cons: I can really say there was no down side
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture, great pay, great benefits

Cons: hard job and not a lot of free time
Advice: None
Pros: lots of fun and great hours

Cons: - retail - upset customer reviews
Advice: None
Pros: - benefits - team support - learning growth

Cons: There was alot of preferential treatment.
Advice: Offer more opportunities for advancement.
Pros: Easy and honest money to make.

Cons: No real growth or competitive salary, no raises, micromanagement
Advice: None
Pros: Safe job, good benefits, and wfh option

Cons: Well there is nothing bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great awesome for sure highly recommend

Cons: custumers were entitled and rude
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and great community

Cons: It is tough to move up or transition to corporate
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic company to work for and they care about the employees

Cons: Retail experience can be tough
Advice: Continue to prioritize employees and make sure they’re okay.
Pros: Fast paced environment with a lot of opportunities

Cons: Company does not care about its employees. Just the bottom line
Advice: None
Pros: Great health insurance, dental, life. Great new parent leave

Cons: Always hiring externally, so sometimes you're explaining things to a manager
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment to grow in, in ways other than knowledge about Apple products. Always discussion with managers about how you're doing and what goals you have

Cons: start working too hard for not much growth
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, decent hours, fun environment

Cons: Having to have to work for $
Advice: Pay us more
Pros: Cool place to work in CA

Cons: That being said, the pay is not enough for the technicians and while you can rise up a little, the opportunities are very limited
Advice: None
Pros: While there are some who make Apple retail their career, I think this is too high an expectation. Apple Pay’s well for retail and management is incredibly accommodating. This place is really a fun and comfortable place to work with great benefits even for part time.

Cons: Zero work life balance. Lots of politics. Everything is very top down - management for some reason feel like they need to be involved in every single engineering decision.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects and smart colleagues. Pay is competitive especially if you’re a top performer

Cons: Nothing that I can honestly think of
Advice: Hehe
Pros: Love this place so much

Cons: I didn't find any cons
Advice: -
Pros: I love my experience there

Cons: management hours company policies can be toxic depending on management lack of discounts
Advice: None
Pros: coworkers location pay benefits career growth

Cons: Long, inflexible hours. Can’t pick your schedule. Employees vastly underpaid. Very little opportunity for advancement. Management is constantly hired externally instead of awarding it to people who have worked hard internally. Lost several great leaders over the years as a result. Very poor retention lately due to apple not increasing wages to reflect current market rates and not giving flexibility for scheduling.
Advice: Share your wealth. Can’t retain good talent because you refuse to increase wages and promote within. A data analyst did a recent study that if you paid every retail employee 50/an hour, your profit margin would only decrease by 1%. For a company who says “it soul is its people” instead of pouring all this money into inclusion and diversity events how about paying your employees what their worth.
Pros: Diverse culture, kind managers, very understanding when taking time away, celebrates people, above-average pay (little higher than minimum wage) and extensive benefits—amazing health insurance and 401K, stock options, and discounts on carrier services, travel, products, you name it.

Cons: Advancement can be very political and the competition between some teams is unhealthy.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, people are amazing

Cons: -Can get a little cliquey -Work on weekends -Hard to advance unless you have special connections with higher ups -Some people lack teamwork and managers don’t care when you complain -Some people don’t work because managers don’t keep a good eye in certain departments.
Advice: Listen and action when someone comes to you with a problem about coworkers not pulling their weight. Talking to the person with the problem and not keeping an eye on the situation after will just lead to them going back to exactly what they were doing
Pros: -Diverse -Good pay for retail job -Good discounts -Can build a great connection with co-workers

Cons: Hours are tough at the start
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are pretty solid though

Cons: Limited management opportunities, repetitive work, micromanagement, advancement is limited
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for because of their inclusion, benefits, people, products.

Cons: No commission Pushing side products General retail issued
Advice: None
Pros: Good training Sometimes fun Well organized

Cons: Big company, easy to get lost; Lots of management was hired because they were a good individual contributor... that doesn't always mean they will make a good manager; Not interested in remote working for most roles
Advice: None
Pros: Talented coworkers to collaborate with; Some leadership truly cares and is invested in your development; Moves fast, so it's easy to find something new to get involved with; Does not rely on 'official' qualifications and is open to teaching you how Apple does it

Cons: Hated the workload and extra responsibilities with no extra pay
Advice: Don’t treat advisors like a number
Pros: Work from home was nice

Cons: Low pay No movement You need a freind of a friend to move nepotism
Advice: stop the toxic nepotism
Pros: Great PTO Sick time HSA 401-K ESP

Cons: Competitive Long hours on the phone
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay Flex time Career growth

Cons: con - not great at all
Advice: None
Pros: pro - greayt for the moolah baby

Cons: No cons. I had a good time
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for. Enjoyed my time

Cons: Nothing management was not good
Advice: None
Pros: Shifts and preferences were kkay

Cons: Not too expected raise qualifications
Advice: None
Pros: Contributive, Basic, Reasonable, Expected, Happy

Cons: Sometimes leadership is not clear on goals
Advice: None
Pros: Really enjoyed my team and the pay is good

Cons: bad pay all the thime
Advice: None
Pros: good hours throughout the the weeks

Cons: Long hours can be a bit too much for some - unexpected in Tech but Apple is different !
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is the best place you could be if you want to go into corporate finance

Cons: Easy to get burnt out. No socialization working at your home. They do have options to go to other areas in the company often though. So if you get bored you can do that.
Advice: None
Pros: It's an easy job. Great benefits

Cons: Competitive, not-transparent, poor scheduling, non-comission,controlled
Advice: None
Pros: passionate, supportive, fast paced, benefits , fulfilling, engaging

Cons: Could not find any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is known for its unique and innovative culture, which emphasizes creativity, collaboration, and excellence. As an employee, you can expect to work in a supportive and inclusive environment that values personal growth and development.

Cons: Apple is awesome not yuck like peaches
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is awesome super awesome

Cons: - store gets very busy - heavy on apple care -
Advice: do not push metrics that the managers can perform on as well
Pros: - Flexible with schedule -Inviting and personable people -Respectful managers

Cons: Working nights and weekends and holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule. Good benefits. Employee discount

Cons: The work life balance is not as good
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work and challenging projects

Cons: wish it was incentive based/commission
Advice: None
Pros: it was alright pay good people good

Cons: over worked, promotions go to who they favor
Advice: People are human so are you
Pros: Job Security, benefits, community, annual pay raise, stock envolvement

Cons: I wear a lot of hats.
Advice: Look at some process improvement
Pros: Autonomy Business owned by this reviewer

Cons: Schedule can be very inconsistent.
Advice: None
Pros: Very diverse place to work. Decent pay

Cons: I don’t really have any cons. Perhaps the huge apple culture
Advice: None
Pros: Networking, stocks, pay, discount, coworkers

Cons: It has very expensive products.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a really good company.

Cons: The hours can be difficult to work with with school as well.
Advice: None
Pros: Well Paid and you gain experience

Cons: When you get hired they're constantly talking about how "at apple we don't care about your numbers." In reality, that's all they want to talk to you about when it comes to their "coaching connections." The only numbers that matter to them seems to be how much apple care you sell on specifically iphones. So even if your numbers for everything else is really good, your apple care numbers for phones is the only one that really matters.

Customers can be pretty terrible like any other retail environment. A very cringey culture on top of all of it. Just nonstop talks about "customer journey" or "your journey here at apple." You absolutely will not move up in the chain if you don't speak up during morning meetings about what you could do to improve the "customer journey."
Advice: Stop lying to yourselves and your team about how "numbers don't matter." If you truly believed that then you wouldn't bring it up every other day.
Pros: The pay is really good compared to other retailers, benefits include health, dental, and vision.

Overall team building is good aside from the weird lingo they use. Most coworkers are great people with cool projects going on outside of work.

Not working on commission can have it's benefits because you don't have to worry about selling more to make more.

Cons: demanding hours - that's it really.
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, great products, great management

Cons: wish to say there is no cons
Advice: None
Pros: good enviroment and working properly.

Cons: - heavily micromanaged
- poor career development prospects
- toxic middle management, your experience can greatly vary depending on the management prevalent at your location
- promotions often not merit based and revolve around company politics
- company route diversity however a look at many locations depicts a similar dynamic, there is a lot of diversity among lower level employees but middle management and those who lead are uniform in appearance
Advice: - assume positive intent more often from your employees
- trust employees to do the job you’ve hired them for
- to upper management, more effort should be placed on vetting your middle management
- diversity and inclusion should not be treated as a checklist you are completing, it is intended so that the most qualified employee gains a role regardless of sex, creed, political leanings.
Pros: - many benefits offered that are uncommon in a retail setting such as stock options, EAP employee assistance program
- passport experiences to temporarily work at other stores (opportunity to continue to earn income while traveling)

Cons: Management is consistently unfair unless you drink the kool-aid. You will have 5-7 managers, maybe will have 1-2 that are tolerable to great. The rest will make you question how they got hired. 
Don't ever let them tell you that you can move from retail to corporate easily. I worked there for a solid 10 years and applied every year to corporate. Unless you are talented in engineering or sucking up, it won't happen. I'm not bitter - that's just the reality. I loved working with my team and for a scattering of managers across 4 stores. The bad managers and nonsense kool-aid cheerleading attitudes eventually made me cry every day before work. So after a decade I left and was much happier. Again, you will work here because it's cool [for a while], your co-workers will be awesome mostly, and the money is good. That's what your expectations should be. Nothing more.
Advice: Don't hire suck managers. Don't force your employees to be what they aren't - great workers sometimes aren't the ones who want to clap and jump on tables, sometimes they are the quiet ones who put their heads down and work and don't always smile. They will be your hardest most dependable workers and you will kill their spirit forcing them to be what they aren't.
Pros: Great money, usually awesome coworkers. cool products will lose luster after a while.

Cons: The company is slow to make changes and improve systems.
Advice: None
Pros: Surrounding by hard-working, smart collegues

Cons: they didnt like that I came to work late
Advice: None
Pros: i think it was a magnificent experience working here

Cons: Lots of pressure with how many customers there are
Advice: None
Pros: Great employees and nice work environment

Cons: No feedback here currently. It’s good.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a great company with lots of opportunity

Cons: Not a lot of cons I highly recommend !
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, easy work, leaders, fun

Cons: Say you're family, but do they mean it?
Advice: None
Pros: Overall Company Culture and Environment

Cons: Many managers don't know how to manage.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits for employees.

Cons: no cons. great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: great growth opportunity exposure to leadership

Cons: the people there are good
Advice: None
Pros: The pay for the job is okay

Cons: none everything was good recommend
Advice: None
Pros: great awesome good money recommend

Cons: - As a retail store, leadership requires lots of hours and constant upmost customer experience provided from each of the team members
-Hours can get brutal - instead of hiring more people, Apple tends to overwork the limited staffing
- Recent dealing of sexual harassment cases highlight the company's incompetency when it comes to caring/prioritizing about team member's well being
-Extremely hard to advance into the next role. You have to prove a lot.
Advice: -Prioritize team member career growth - this doesn't mean simply having "review times" and imply that a lot of effort has been put in. 
- If it requires unionization for benefits to increase for team members, then unionization it is.
Pros: -Generally nice people. 
-Lots of benefits - but this only recently increased due to the possibility of unionization
-I definitely think there is something to learn about emotional intelligence from Apple retail. It is a formula in some sense.

Cons: A lot of hours for part-time
Advice: None
Pros: Great Management Fun work environment Support and help when needed

Cons: management, pay and the fact that I applied to a completely different non technical position and got blind sided into being in a position that is over worked and under paid
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, environment and perks are all great

Cons: Customers at times can get annoying
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility Great atmosphere/ you make amazing friends Pay and benefits Events/ team bonding

Cons: Communication across teams can be hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, exciting work

Cons: Contractor heavy Lack of guidance and vision from leadership Not a lot of feedback from leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Solid benefits Good compensation Most co-workers are somewhat willing to help when needed

Cons: nothing really, super great place to work for
Advice: None
Pros: good environment to work for, everyone friendly

Cons: Hours not flexible for part times
Advice: Hire and promote within
Pros: Great benefits, cool people, great place

Cons: Retail schedule, but that’s currently evolving
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits, opportunities and salary Apple has provided me has changed my life.

Cons: minimum amenities or perks Office politics to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Minimum layoffs Great and smart people around you Apple products discount

Cons: Customer abuse is out of hands and the company is doing nothing about it. Dealing with violent, abusive customers that managers allow to avoid bad attention to the stores. Multiple threats with guns in various locations, multiple specialist being hit. Retail Management is also absurd pushing outlandish expectations and goals that are not feasible. You will not get fired but you will be berated daily in apple terminology on how your not able to upscale services. Interviewing process through retail, is also absurd management runs off of favoritism as much as they try not too. Experience and skill is not relevant to interviewing it’s how well you can tell a story. Apple is on a thin line
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility with time, opportunity grow is there. Benefits are nice

Cons: bosses dont like to allow me be me
Advice: None
Pros: good payment excelent company period

Cons: Long hours, fast paced enviroment
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, easy to work for

Cons: It was kind of really hard
Advice: None
Pros: It’s kind of really fun

Cons: i don’t have many cons!
Advice: None
Pros: the campus, the people, the ways they pay you to live a healthy work life, the development in all areas of life provided by the company!! so many to name

Cons: Easy to stagnate in career, return to office seen as required for promotions.
Advice: Lean into the positive parts of Apple's culture and don't sweat the small stuff. Drive what matters to your employees and not just whatever flavor senior leadership is pushing this quarter.
Pros: Excellent benefits, generous time off policy, mostly positive work culture, respect for work life balance, recently added on the job skill training.

Cons: no cons no cons no cons no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment multi tasking customer focus tech savvy

Cons: no life, cold blood, don't care employee
Advice: None
Pros: good salary, good product, that's all

Cons: Nothing really just good team work
Advice: None
Pros: nice work and great team work

Cons: Working weekends was tough for work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Stock program, matching 401k, diversity

Cons: Very tough to advance. Strong "positivity" culture can go a little overboard.
Advice: None
Pros: Co-workers are great. Benefits are great.

Cons: Getting started motivating myself to keep going mentally, physically, spiritually take one day at a time everyday exercise in positive spirits.
Advice: Engage in employees and motivate them
Pros: A close friend of mine are working on clothing designs and logo designs

Cons: Toxic environment, Promotion taken away, No work life balance, few to no pay raises
Advice: Improve employee relations and staffing
Pros: Pay, Benefits, Work From Home

Cons: Dealing with a lot of work outside of your job description, call outs area common thing in my store so you usually have to pick up the extra slack when they don't have teh staffing, a lot of political atmosphere and propaganda they push as their "culture". Being a minority you are often put in the spot light and pushed to share about what it's like being a minority. Even though Apple is a 3 trillion dollar company you are still in retail and their are qoutas you have to make. Yes we send surveys to customers as well.
Advice: Stop focusing on things that you don't understand and listen to your employees before speaking your mind and what you think the employee should do.
Pros: Benefits (dental, stock, 401k, helath insurance, commuter card $100 balance a month)  competitive pay, semi flexible hours, work very close with your co workers. Training resources (if you are motivated enough to do them).

Cons: There is not cons to apple
Advice: None
Pros: You make a lot of money

Cons: Most Management does not do what's best for you.
Advice: None
Pros: The Benefits kept me there You'll meet and interact with great people.

Cons: Time commitment. They give you random hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits. Greta company for growth

Cons: Chat reps take 5 chats at a time. No money for new skills
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts on products. Great health insurance

Cons: i don't see any issues
Advice: None
Pros: apple is very good company

Cons: Can get cliquey but if you have good intentions shouldn’t be a probl
Advice: Management is cool they don’t give a ton of trouble unless you really aren’t trying at your job
Pros: I learned a lot on how to communicate efficiently about the products people needed, while also achieving goals

Cons: Apple has decided not to embrace remote-work culture, and they’re already losing good people because of that.
Advice: None
Pros: No company is 100% perfect but Apple really strives to walk the talk on culture and values. In my 9 years there I’ve had very supportive managers and a lot of opportunity for growth. And I’m proud to work for a company that is trying to put good into the world.

Cons: the higher management bad decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Management and support is a great opportunity to learn and grow

Cons: busy long tiring time hard
Advice: None
Pros: good paying hard fun difficult

Cons: nothing really just opportunity sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: everything is great i love

Cons: - RSU’s used in lieu of raises/bonuses with a 3 year vesting period
- no cost of living adjustments and bad raises. For example, one year I won an award for top performance and only got a 2% raise.

- They’re trying to get advisors who have always worked from home into the office
- No options for advancement besides management. They even paid thousands of dollars for my education but provided no opportunities to use my degree. 
- Arbitrary quotas for performance reviews. Eg. At least X number of employees have to receive “needs improvement” ratings, regardless of actual performance.

- Apple doesn’t care about customers abusing advisors. You’ll be treated horribly and then blamed for it.
- They’ll pay you extra for working on holidays, but good luck actually getting a holiday off work.
Advice: Acknowledge there reality that by not providing cost of living adjustments you are giving people pay cuts. I effectively made less the day I quit than when I started, despite winning ACEA 3 times. 

Make it policy for advisors to disconnect on abusive customers. 

Stop making work on holidays/Christmas mandatory. One year I HAD to work on Christmas and took 1 call in 8 hours. Just close down for the day. Call volume doesn’t justify keeping employees from their families.
Pros: Great fringe benefits:
- Health insurance deductible was $300
- App subscriptions (10% happier, fitness +, etc)
- Stock options (85% of purchase price) plus random stock grants.

-WFH
- job is actually pretty easy

Cons: Sales is probably the least innovative part of the Apple machine.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse set of problems to solve across engineering, marketing, sales, and customer.

Cons: Lack of perks like other similar companies do.
Advice: No advice
Pros: Great culture, paid well, nice office environment

Cons: Retail is retail which is to say very hectic and stressful. On your feet daily. Opportunity to move up internally is very difficult. The jump from retail to corporate can happen but the company does not naturally guide you in this direction. I've seen employees stuck in retail for 10+ years with 5+ attempting to make the jump to corporate without success.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, hard to beat the very liberal benefits - you will be hard pressed to find anything like it unless working for Google.

Cons: Impossible to move up without drinking the kool aid
Advice: NA
Pros: Good pay, discount, good people

Cons: Retail schedule can be difficult to work around. Lots of blackout days
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and fair pay for retail

Cons: Very fast paced and a lot of information to learn at once
Advice: None
Pros: Highly values work life balance and is flexible with hours

Cons: You are worked like an animal. They micromanage. You will not have any life outside of that job, especially if you are full-time. Which, by the way, they aren't hiring anymore for the time being. You might as well find something else.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Benefits Benefits, really the only thing

Cons: angry customers, not aligned managers, hard to move into corporate world
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, good co-workers, good atmosphere

Cons: Long hours, unpredictable, sometimes brutal upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Hardworking people, fun projects, challenging, high pay

Cons: For internships, they give very low housing expense contribution.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for the best company!

Cons: Bad for my health and head
Advice: None
Pros: It's great for employment purposes

Cons: Work can get monotonous as you will be working on the same project
Advice: None
Pros: Hands-on experience on all products

Cons: Hard work, collaborating with overseas team can have a toll on your schedule
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, benefits, flexibility of work hours, fun environment

Cons: - no cons for apple
Advice: None
Pros: - i got a lot of perks - paid handsomely - good team willing to collab - great resources

Cons: No follow through from management You get told there are multiple ways to advance but once you understand the internal hiring process it’s a road to nowhere at best.
Advice: Stop rotating managers so much
Pros: Great pay Work from home Great benefits

Cons: No cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Love this company a ton

Cons: work under pressure and tight deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: very flexible and great atmosphere

Cons: work life balance and scheduling
Advice: None
Pros: good workplace especially for a part time job

Cons: There are no cons for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Great Benefits, Great work environment.

Cons: Working retail can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for Great for expanding knowledge on competencies and working with others

Cons: * Fewer unique opportunities * No remote options
Advice: None
Pros: * Kind and supportive coworkers * Mostly interesting work

Cons: pressure, overtime every day, pressure work, competitive co-worker
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, well benefits and commissions, nice people, lots of cold calls

Cons: bad work life balance poor management skills
Advice: None
Pros: easy work good stock great networking opportunity

Cons: Overall, I found that I was more interested in start ups
Advice: None
Pros: I found that I had major personal and professional development

Cons: Terrible work schedule, but its retail.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and work culture

Cons: Little communication between teams, no upward momentum for other roles
Advice: None
Pros: Managers were great and coworkers were nice.

Cons: At times can be very busy althoug the company is very supportive
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Don’t really have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work life balance and managers

Cons: Non that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty Good and Kinda nice

Cons: Retail. Work weekends, and holidays is required, holidays work, rotating schedule, work in person, consistently watched over time spent with clients, working odd hours.
Advice: Seek to know your employees. Do not choose favorites. Attempt to listen more then speak.
Pros: Career contracts, higher pay, amazing benefits (STOCK, and 401K), it’s the largest tech company! Development of skills are people less with data science or Project Managment.

Cons: None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: Good Good Good Good Good

Cons: Corporate ladders are always challenging to climb. Growth can stagnate.
Advice: None
Pros: My team is fantastic and the leadership is strong.

Cons: The amount of work you put in is not equivalent to pay. If you’re a hard worker you really have to love what you’re doing or else you might get burnt out.
Advice: Consider more programs for getting into leadership.
Pros: It’s great to be able to have the flexibility to ask for time to mentor others. It offers you tremendous potential for growth.

Cons: oranges were pretty good not gonna lie
Advice: None
Pros: apple is great for the job

Cons: Can be very stressful at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers and exciting projects to be working on. Great benefits and pay is up there.

Cons: should join for high payment
Advice: None
Pros: GOOD FOR EVERY BODY and

Cons: Sedgwick wouldn’t let me come back to work
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Full Work out room and clinic on site

Cons: Leadership; most of the leaders were promoted during a time when tenure determined your role and not ability. What's more, most of them have never worked anywhere else to know that the way they do things is outdated and prevents process improvements. They often celebrate those that did the basic duties of their job and ignore those who deliver measurable value far beyond the expectations of their job descriptions. The company also traps employees by giving them these amazing RSU packages that vest twice yearly over four years. A tenured manager who leaves could easily forfeit over $500k in unvested stocks, so people stay beyond what mental health professionals consider healthy.
Advice: Take some classes on current leadership trends, and stop drawing inspiration from the bosses you had in 1991.
Pros: Peers; you'll feel like you're working with your favorite cousins and best friends. Compensation is better than average.

Cons: Lost most of its culture when Steve Jobs died
Advice: None
Pros: Can buy into stock, discounts on products

Cons: very rigorous hours and lots of customer service
Advice: None
Pros: Fun and learned more about apple

Cons: has to work 8 hour shift on weekend and cannot choose the time
Advice: None
Pros: work around college schedule and chill boss

Cons: growth, timing, no other feedback to give
Advice: None
Pros: collaboration and teamwork, compensation and benefits

Cons: Questionable leadership within retail market.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for employees and their family.

Cons: Gets really busy, especially during the holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot about managing difficult customers in a productive way. Got out of my comfort zone.

Cons: Retail is a challenging business!
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, part time employee benefits, continuous learning

Cons: low pay and bad work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning experience for future jobs

Cons: Work can get quite hectic
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and environment is great

Cons: Growth depends on team and manager.
Advice: Could let go of the return to work
Pros: Good benefits Decent work life balance

Cons: - Lacking free food - Must pay for gym membership on campus
Advice: None
Pros: - Great pay - Generous benefits - Internship opportunities

Cons: Difficult to deal with the public.
Advice: Be more human.
Pros: Great Company to work for, no complaints.

Cons: long hours, work-life balance is not great
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, great benefits, PTO

Cons: Retail hours were awful and the pace at which you have to work can be exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits and people to work with

Cons: stressful work culture and often gets hectic
Advice: go easy on the debating culture in teams
Pros: Great career path laid out by the company for you

Cons: Customers can get very heated, although management is good about stepping in.
Advice: None
Pros: Unmatched starting pay and benefits. Positive work environment. People really want to see you grow and develop. Lots of opportunities to step outside of your role.

Cons: Very little support Understaffed position Leadership role without leadership pay or leadership recognition
Advice: Hire more employeees
Pros: Role that will develop leadership Great on resume Work at your own speed

Cons: Very toxic working environment Unobtainable Goals Abusive managers, coworkers and customers extreme affects on your health and mental health due to the stress and pressure that’s put on you apple does not care and will not support you
Advice: None
Pros: At home work minor discount

Cons: Too high of expectations for the job, managers do not communicate changes in policy
Advice: None
Pros: Good company and good coworkers

Cons: Low pay. Micromanaging. They force you to take on more responsibilities from departments against your will "for growth."
Advice: Do better, trust your employees, and micromanagement never produces harder work
Pros: Work from home and equipment provided

Cons: A lot of micromanaging and unrealistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Good training and work life balance

Cons: Hours, Growth Opportunity, &amp; Non-commission
Advice: None
Pros: People, Benefits, Company Values &amp; Experience

Cons: They endeavor to have a "culture of feedback" however, at the same time there's pressure to be almost constantly perky and positive. When something is less than awesome, be careful how you bring it up b/c some people see any acknowledgement of anything un-awesome as not very "Apple". Can feel a little 'culty'.
Advice: Help people to focus on positivity yet to feel comfortable expressing their thoughts about things that are not so awesome within Apple. Only by seeing it can you fix it. Teach employees the skills and vocabulary to talk about improving and moving forward to fix problems, without either being overly perky (fake) or dissolving into toxic rants. Balance is hard but worth it.
Pros: Good culture. They try really hard to do the right things. People are mostly open minded and fair in how they treat colleagues and customers.

Cons: Retail hours, can't escape them!
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, decent discounts, work/life balance

Cons: there are no cons in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: really great place to learn

Cons: Hard to get hours consistently
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, benefits, discounts on products

Cons: - Sometimes too liberal and doesn't punish people - this allows people to become unproductive and watch shows at the office - The cafeteria has deteriorated after the pandemic
Advice: Get tighter on productivity
Pros: - Excellent people/coworkers - Challenging work - Great managers and leaders - Inclusive culture

Cons: Perfectionist culture, therefore slower product development
Advice: None
Pros: Work on meaningful products that impact millions of lives

Cons: High pressure on product schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and discount on Apple products.

Cons: Made to feel like I was less than others because I was white
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to have at college Fun co workers Technical work is fun- apples systems internally are incredible

Cons: There aren't many downsides in my opinion.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture and people.

Cons: Constant reorganization, moved departments too much
Advice: None
Pros: Open minded coworkers, good culture

Cons: A lot of politics at a level it shouldn’t be at, the compensation for the work you do doesn’t match. No work life balance
Advice: Listen to your employees and make changes where you can. Realize the bottom line isn’t affected by how much money you talk about, it’s about behavior. A satisfied employee is a successful one.
Pros: Fantastic benefits and even better coworkers

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great culture

Cons: Tedious work, customers are often rude.
Advice: None
Pros: Detailed, innovative, fast, smooth and pay is good

Cons: There is none !!! Long hours, not good for salary employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is great. Awesome company.

Cons: Work life balance Heavy work load
Advice: None
Pros: Responsibility Exposure Good values Drive Benefits

Cons: high working hours and less life-work balance.
Advice: None
Pros: innovation oriented tasks to keep pushing you forward.

Cons: The managers play with peoples lives and promote those they like not those who are qualified
Advice: Do better.
Pros: Money is decent and benefits are good.

Cons: Nothing I truly disliked. Wish it lasted forever
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone was so kind and a pleasure

Cons: Management constantly on you about expectations and there’s no real growth within the retail store.
Advice: None
Pros: Good coworkers that are all nice people

Cons: My most recent manager did not value me or the contributions I made to the team
Advice: None
Pros: I was part of a team that valued its members. We supported each other to deliver the best solutions for our customers'.

Cons: Bad management, Long Hours, Big campus
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, Nice perks, Friendly coworkers

Cons: Less salary compared to developpers
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary &amp; work life balance

Cons: Attendance policy is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home and gets trained for everything

Cons: Work life balance can be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and compensation, work environment, team experience.

Cons: clients can be aggressive at times
Advice: nothing
Pros: work hours, are good and flexible

Cons: Schedule, new job opportunities and long or short shifts
Advice: Not really, they're ok
Pros: Discounts, good benefits and good opportunities to make extra hours

Cons: My boss is tough and strict.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and good people.

Cons: no upward mobility, stagnant pay
Advice: None
Pros: good team, nice benefits. Solid devolopment

Cons: Dealing with frustrated customers can be taxing.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun work environment, great hourly wage, awesome product discounts.

Cons: Not a lot of holidays Not a lot of influence on the outcomes
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, good benefits, rarely overwork.

Cons: lot of information retention, atterntion to detail, custmer service issues to tend to as well
Advice: continue the great work
Pros: good benefits, great management team, flexible hours

Cons: Lots of competition for moving up
Advice: Connect with employees better
Pros: Great company to work for if you’re looking to get into the tech industry

Cons: not enough vacation time and not enough leadership
Advice: None
Pros: overall great company and great people

Cons: There is no work-life balance. Employees are expected to deliver heroic efforts at any time, regardless of family situations, vacation plans, etc.
Advice: Start paying more than lip service to the need to give employees a real opportunity to rest and recharge. You're burning out great people such that you're losing them far too early.
Pros: The best parts of working about Apple are the brilliant people, and the focus on product excellence.

Cons: Work life balance Growth speed
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Good environment Chances for growth

Cons: Not many things to complain about
Advice: None
Pros: -friendly and good benefits -fun

Cons: Shifts based kind of work
Advice: None
Pros: Full of opportunities , lots to learn

Cons: No real incentives to go up the ranks
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, community and culture were all positives aspects about the job

Cons: nothing to mention at this point
Advice: None
Pros: good life&amp; work balance, great perks

Cons: Often feels like lip service to work/life balance and employee value
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Exciting products and environment

Cons: Very large and sometimes hard to drive changes
Advice: None
Pros: You have the opportunity to make it what you want Lots of room for growth and rotation

Cons: Management can be MIA depending on which school you attend
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of freedom, interact with the campus you go to, pay and benefits are good

Cons: No Cons at Apple, great company to work for!
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to learn about the Apple ecosystem and work environment. Pay and benefits are overall great!

Cons: I have no cons for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Very good co workers and stuff

Cons: Difficult upward mobility when entering the retail level. Opportunities available heavily dependent upon what management allows for. Some rolls are very much underpaid as they are considered retail.
Advice: Remain objective: do not let personal bias affect your perception of employee performance.
Pros: Amazing benefits, even for part time employees. Dental, vision, health are offered to both part-time and full-time employees. Stock plans are available with gifted stock for good performers. Education, mental health, and child care benefits as well.

Cons: Still feel like your understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Amazing peers and support

Cons: customers, slow growth, pay is okay but could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: benifits are great and should be taken advantage of.

Cons: Schedule and limited growth opportunity.
Advice: None
Pros: People you work with. Amazing professionals and kind individuals too. The most inclusive work environment I ever worked with.

Cons: Promotions are harder to get
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job with lot of options to learn

Cons: too stressful to follow up with projects
Advice: None
Pros: high salary and clear career path

Cons: non-stop phone calls, bad management, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote, engagement with team, etc.

Cons: Arrogance, schedule, adaptability, and lack of wisdom.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, job preservation, RSU’s, and pay growth

Cons: Sometimes need to work under stress.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits.

Cons: Bureaucracy
Inflexible return-to-work policy
Lower base salary among the tech giants
Advice: None
Pros: Core values
Job security
Strong stock
Brand legacy

Cons: Low pay, only valued if your full time, very very racially oriented,
Advice: Treat everyone the same.  If you have ‘special groups’ to help certain people succeed, you need to have a group for everyone.  Only groups for blacks, gays, and women clearly illustrates preferential treatment by the company.  

Poor career opportunities.  Apple talks a big game about being able to have a career, but only 1-5% of people are ever actually able to.  I’ve seen the best most qualified people leave because they knew they weren’t going to get opportunities, while those who were far less qualified but met quotas for race or gender or better friends with the core team got the opportunities.

Benefits are only good for full time employees.  So often management would tout this great benefit to the team, such as paternity leave for me, then 70% of the team didn’t qualify because they were part time.

They say they are about equality and diversity but it is only a left leaning extremist version of diversity.  If you are a minority of some kind, Apple is great, if not, better be prepared to sacrifice some of your personality / personal beliefs to match what Apple wants or you won’t have a career.
Pros: Company does try to do right, clean, friendly people

Cons: I dislike retail store environments.
Advice: None
Pros: The wages were good and my coworkers were patient.

Cons: Growing within other roles can be more streamlined.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. Lots of benefits. Lots of places to grow into within the compnay.

Cons: No nothing bad nope yep
Advice: No
Pros: Yes it is goood mhm

Cons: Terrible pay and no room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: working from home and not dealing with office culture

Cons: The corporate ladder is hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, good working spirit.

Cons: the hierarchy of power in the retail stores is terrible
Advice: None
Pros: Great products so its easy to show passion for job, good co-workers, great discounts/benefits

Cons: No commission or bonus potential
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Work at the best place
Advice: None
Pros: Good fun enjoyable and cool

Cons: The salary is low for manager ppsition
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has a good behavior with employess

Cons: - Need to get better at hiring management
Advice: None
Pros: - Great at keeping up with your development and growth

Cons: Work-life balance is difficult pending which LOB you are in. A 40-hour work week is probably pretty hard to come by.
Advice: Diversity in management
Pros: Company takes a lot of pride in the wellbeing and success of its employees. They focus on mentorship of key talent and going the extra mile to care for its employees.

Cons: Quality is sacrificed for flash. Incompetence and mediocrity reign supreme.
Advice: Quality, quality, quality. You can't charge premium prices for mediocre products
Pros: Used to be a great company

Cons: Poor pay, long hours. No weekends, nor holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Not the best pay, but great benefits.

Cons: High micromanagement and no respect from leadership. Hard to move up and leadership constantly reminding you how not perfect you are.
Advice: None
Pros: Average pay. Work from Home.

Cons: Early mornings and late nights
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits and very nice people

Cons: Can't work from home anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a very passionate company and team. High expectations here in a good and bad way.

Cons: I dont find any cons about this company
Advice: None
Pros: on time and interview questions wr tough

Cons: Meh would not recommend working for apple anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple Inc. will carry you after.

Cons: Too political, not a company for consecutive view
Advice: None
Pros: Too liberal, great benefits, cool people

Cons: Customers have a huge sense of entitlement. Management can be oblivious to doing the right thing. It’s retail after all, so swallow that pill early on.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are unbelievable, even as a part timer. The company is also aware of the pay situations throughout the country, so they try to keep pay competitive.

Cons: Not as transparent from leadership as I would have liked. 

I assume this to be case at every job but there is some politicking involved in moving roles. 

Even though support from leadership is promised know that your growth is entirely determined by you.

While working a in-store training role my transition back to specialist wasn’t supported as best as it could have been. As a result I was caught between two roles. Know that Apple is pretty by the book on everything so if you are a free spirit this place will challenge you to grow or leave you behind.
Advice: Give the people in the store a chance to lead the team they’ve served with. 

Spend time listening to the in-store ideas. You never know who you’ll help cultivate. 

Help people who have experience transition back into the roles they were in prior to an experience better. 

What you keep health will grow.
Pros: Great environment. You never know what someone’s outside hobbies include but they are always interesting. 

You get to meet amazing customers. 

The way the team came together in my store was really great.

Cons: Hours are long, feels like changes are incremental
Advice: More transparency and impactful work
Pros: Benefits, pay, people, work, location

Cons: - Occasional management disorganization - Often issues when it comes to rating
Advice: None
Pros: -Good benefits - Decent retail pay

Cons: Can’t really find any cons
Advice: None
Pros: I agree with this statement.

Cons: Unrealistic sale goals No commission off selling anything Need better deals for workers Hours are insufficient to maintain any good lifestyle
Advice: No advice, they just need to start all the way over new management team.
Pros: Some good coworkers Some great customers Easy work

Cons: Didn’t let us move to hybrid/wfh
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was very competitive within industry

Cons: nothing really I liked all parts of job
Advice: None
Pros: you work for apple its pretty cool

Cons: Can be an intense environment. WLB can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Great people. Exceptional products. Solid values

Cons: The pay is terrible and what's worse is that everyone assumes that you work for apple so you are set. Not that in order to cover my extremely modest and minimal lifestyle I either need to live in an unsavory part of town, have roommates even though I'm well into my 40s, or get yet another job on what limited time I have.
Also higher ups push the culture down your throat, but in the same breath will say, "well we are a business" to justify some shady process.
Apple is like any other multi billion dollar company, at the end of the say its about the bottom line and it will always be profits over people.
Advice: Compensate AppleCare advisors like you compensate the engineers. They are the reason there is customer retention. Also AppleCare is a multi-million dollar generating piece of apple pie. You should act accordingly. Stop just saying you appreciate advisors and giving us apple branded swag and actually give me a raise so I can pay my rent. I don't need a hat or a mug that promotes you through product placement.
Pros: Some of the people that you will meet at work and through work are amazing.
Now, I can work partially at home.

Cons: There are no cons in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company with room to grow

Cons: Only cons I could think of are Scheduling being Part time
Advice: None
Pros: Benifits Discount Incentives Culture Opportunities

Cons: - Work life balance can be tough especially full time, shifts are 9 hours long - During the holidays, management is micro-managing to meet company expectations - Sometimes your identity feels like it is based on your numerical results
Advice: - Make opportunities available to everyone who is interested - Be on the sales floor more so you can understand how customer interactions REALLY are. - Consistently try and talk about goals with all of us who want to excel in the comapny.
Pros: - Good pay - Excellent benefits - Decent opportunities - Great place to set goals

Cons: Nothing to say great benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work honest

Cons: Like any other retail job, there are a share of customers who can/are rude
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, supportive management, assisting others and learning new skills.

Cons: You have to inquire about people’s businesses
Advice: None
Pros: The people there are cool

Cons: it was a big company and I don't feel like I was apart of a family as suppossed to a small company
Advice: I think you guys should think to make it feel more like a family than just a big company
Pros: got to work at apple headquarters in California and has really nice 3 km walks inside of the headquarters

Cons: It’s still retail, values don’t reflect public values
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going about calling in sick Great benefits

Cons: the customers can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: the hours here are good and the hourly rate is good

Cons: -Management
-Favoritism
-Not as many internal promotions as external
-Hours
-Schedule is NOT flexible in the slightest.
Advice: This stems higher than managers. HR sweeps things under rugs, you could be the best employee there, but because you're late by 1 minute, you won't get promoted, it's small little nuances that overtime will grow on you. 

My advice is to ask for a change in how management gets treated by corporate.


The reason why I say it's great for the short-term is because long term, there's no way to grow unless you take career experiences (which management looks down on you for doing)

So, LEARN the skills that Apple is trying to teach you and move on to something else where you can utilize those skills and have them acknowledged.
Pros: Upside:
-Good Pay (when compared externally)
-Great enviornment 
-Cleanliness is a +
-Your co-workers can sometimes feel like family
-Wage to Work ratio is amazing.

Cons: No cons for the company, but retail is retail, so expect to work nights and weekends.
Advice: Keep doing what you do.
Pros: Positive work environment and culture. Great hourly pay for retail job. Benefits even for part time—health, 401K, discounts, and more. Management seems to listen to and value employees’ opinions.

Cons: Had to work weekends and on your feet
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, great people, great leadership, great product, great benefits

Cons: The cons are minimal compared to benefits
Advice: Don't have as many managers
Pros: Great to work at. Informative

Cons: a lot of customers to be involved with
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment to be in

Cons: Tight schedule and consistent training to keep up
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: nothing was a con about apple
Advice: None
Pros: it was so much fun

Cons: It was a lot of hours working
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Good employment service

Cons: Not a regular working schedule, which makes it hard for spending time with families together.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and very diversified people around. You will get to rotate different roles in an Apple Store and get to learn the inside and out of retail operation.

Cons: Pay is not that good.
Advice: You should try it.
Pros: Nice people to work with.

Cons: Customer facing, schedule based on business needs, no PTO
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Consistent hours, You meet a lot of people.

Cons: Long working hours and sometimes very stringent rules and dealing with many people.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work and schedule but great company to work for.

Cons: Communication could be a little better
Advice: I think a more consistent improvement with communication would be great.
Pros: Good pay along with the opportunity to love up or into new fields

Cons: no free food no free parking
Advice: None
Pros: good impact and company culture

Cons: Isolation from others in the company. I worked in pods with a subsection of our larger group
Advice: None
Pros: Nice leadership Great work culture (I was remote)

Cons: Very cheap on costs and budget
Advice: None
Pros: Hard work but very enjoyable

Cons: v woke, v self concerned
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, benefits and scheduling

Cons: Micromanagement Toxic positivity Workplace politics Lack of work-life balance Lack of career advancement
Advice: The execs in Cupertino are extremely out of touch as far as what Apple Store employees do, and frankly, have unrealistic expectations for metrics. Some of the metrics may have been more realistic 10 years ago, when the average customer was less educated on how to use and take care of technology, but that time has passed. Apple's executive team has made it very clear that its retail operations are its lowest priority. They gave their head of HR, already a huge responsibility at a company as large as Apple, the job of running retail. And I don't mean they moved her to the role, I mean they added the job to her existing responsibilities. That says to me that Apple sees retail as more of a "side gig" or sorts. Going above and beyond in your job role has less of an impact on career advancement than workplace politics. If a manager happens to dislike you, or is dating someone in competition for a role, you won't advance. There is a program where retail employees can temporarily step into job roles in Cupertino, which is great for developing new skills. However, permanent roles are rare, and employees continue to be paid retail wages during the temporary period, even if working on complex projects. Depending on management, breaking the rules was implicitly encouraged if it drove metrics. Before I left, the micromanagement got pretty extreme. Every time any employee sold an iPhone, a manager would come out to make sure you sold AppleCare and accessories. Imagine if a manager came up to you to give you a coaching about every 15 minutes. They say the customer experience is the most important aspect of the job, but your survey ratings mean next to nothing in your review. In fact, it's generally unclear what affects your review and raises. There are vague gestures here and there on what you can improve, and some managers are better than others at pointing out specifics to her you in your role. Sometimes management will commit to working with you to help you grow, but there's rarely follow-through. Apple Store employees have wanted the working conditions to improve for years, but local management has very little autonomy to make any kind of substantive improvements. Problems with scheduling and training are rarely addressed, despite promises to do so. Certain managers will manipulate employees who raise concerns into believing those concerns are invalid. Pay is decent for retail, but with the amount of revenue each salesperson generates, they should be making a lot more money. Literally a 1% commission would be life changing for most of the employees I worked with. If you're living with your parents and saving up for school, or retired and looking for something to do, I think this job can be great. Incredible health plan, steep discounts with a lot of partner vendors, and hundreds of dollars of free professional software. Some of the most best people I have ever met have been my Apple Store coworkers. But if you rely on this job to make a living, the high-speed pace and the pressure you're under to meet your metrics can burn you out very quickly. You're expected to have the drive of a salesperson on commission, despite there not being any. I don't regret my 10 years at Apple. I gained some really valuable soft skills, and I'm a smarter and more compassionate person for it. But I was outright told by a manager that Apple doesn't need retail. So I could only conclude that, no matter how hard I worked, or how many additional projects I took on, or how much I tried to help my customers and coworkers, Apple didn't need me. So I left.
Pros: Great pay (as far as retail goes) Great benefits Fantastic coworkers ESPP Restricted stock as part of compensation

Cons: Busy schedule. Too many meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Relatively less bubble stock Diversified working environment

Cons: Lack of pay visibility Part Time must have weekend availability
Advice: More intentional conversations around personal perspective
Pros: Great benefits Flexibility Great Culture Inclusivity and Diversity

Cons: Not much, just sometimes there’s pressure to meet certain metrics
Advice: None
Pros: -hourly pay -coworkers -discounts -working environment

Cons: strict schedule with no flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay and benefits in college program

Cons: work life balance. management focused more on results than people.
Advice: None
Pros: intelligent colleagues, growth opportunities, travel during non COVID or budget restricted times

Cons: I don't think there are any disadvantages
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed, free, uninhibited, everyone can receive the care they deserve

Cons: Its fun to work at apple
Advice: None
Pros: annoying costumers as always hehe

Cons: New comers get paid more then people with seniority
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, good food

Cons: Push numbers very hard basically lie to your face about company culture are usually pretty understaffed not cohesive management
Advice: have consistent meetings with leaders to stay on the same page even better if these are open door meetings so employees can listen in and grow. If your going to push numbers at least be open and honest about it. hire more employees especially people of different language
Pros: Can call out a decent amount Are pretty lax Pretty good hours if u need them have good benifits

Cons: Could pay more or have more opportunities for full-time
Advice: None
Pros: Employee discount. Access to training material.

Cons: I wish I could have gotten to know more people, everyone was lovely and just wasn’t always schedule with the same people
Advice: None
Pros: I was encouraged and step outside my personal bubble, I grew so much here and recommend it to anyone!

Cons: pay could be better considering it apple, some managers lack empathy, usual cons of retail
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, benefits and upward movement

Cons: Work life balance and retirement packages
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Salary, benefits, location, family atmosphere

Cons: Remote working can get old and customers are always unhappy which is to be expected but draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good pay, very friendly environment constantly pushing for personal and professional development.

Cons: Retail is a struggle no matter where you go.
Advice: None
Pros: All around great part time job --- awesome health benefits and the people you work with are always cool no matter what store you work at.

Cons: Commuting to South Bay is painful.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: There are no really cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Still the best company out there.

Cons: Lower pay. Could be higher
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment for you

Cons: I have no idea what to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and benefits

Cons: Dealing with the public - that’s obvious. Helping them with items they use all day every day - and usually without a lot of knowledge. Again a lot of variation between stores - unfortunately at mine, there were some very slimy incidents with certain managers - along with coverups.
Advice: Improve the process and investigation when workers are reporting wrongdoing from management or otherwise.
Pros: Looks great on a resume. Experience will vary store to store, I’m sure, but a handful of managers that were always looking out for me.

Cons: Being on phones and customer
Advice: None
Pros: Pay for education level /experience

Cons: Promise the world I’d you can keep your stats up but get to be ranked top 1% and I still can’t get promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: Can help you be successful in your role.

Cons: No cons to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty good experience for a beginner job

Cons: Long hours, no work life balance, constant communication via texts, professional development not emphasized only solving problems to ship the product, toxic culture (yelling, rude comments, etc) but dependent on team, not as collaborative as I think it should be
Advice: Spend time training your managers and put more emphasis on professional development. Your retention rate would most likely go up if you prioritized these things.
Pros: High salary, a lot of ownership, working on real problems, very smart people work beside you

Cons: Horrible management Unrealistic expectations, 3-4 chats at once. Really? Started to outsource chats and then affects us in Tier 2, Xerox really?
Advice: Stop expecting unrealistic expectations. When vendors just want to brush off the issue and escalate it because they felt "Uncomfortable" within a minute of chatting, how can the senior advisor be hit for that negative WTR? Horrible managing.
Pros: Get to say you work for "Apple" Work from home Can take same day "PTO" or days off

Cons: No work life balance Micromanagement Sr leadership does not care about the well being of team members
Advice: Do better…..show true caring to your subordinates. Stop with the fake initiatives that give the appearance of diversity and inclusion.
Pros: Excellent health and wellness benefits Stock options 401k Educational assistance

Cons: Hard to promote. Long transportation.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work and flexible. Friendly.

Cons: Poor remote work options for growth
Advice: Put your judgements aside and just listen.
Pros: Great benefits, I feel really cared for.

Cons: The products are becoming more closed systems , non custamizable
Advice: Please be more humane
Pros: Makes great products which are stable

Cons: Constantly cross training for multiple roles with no pay increases.
Advice: None
Pros: Great remote work from home opportunity. Excellent training and coaching.

Cons: Abusive customers with little guard rails
Advice: Support your people. I know you try
Pros: Learn exceptional customer service and problem solving skills

Cons: Want always supported with customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and staying pay

Cons: Still retail mindset that can get in the way of things.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn business.

Cons: Stressful workload. Pretty lean team.
Advice: None
Pros: Haven't had too much stress about layoffs in this enviorment.

Cons: - Top-down management, much info are hided from levels to levels. Strong feeling of exclusion. - People constantly fight and not collaborate - Lack of serious software development process. Coding quality never being reviewed and does not count in performance review. - Managers are often just being veteran in the company instead of being skilled at a certain area. Often they do not know what to do and cannot innovate.
Advice: None
Pros: + Work on top-tier hardware + Great gym to release feelings about people + Great traveling benefits + Great work-life balance

Cons: Too expensive devices for me
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good enough for me

Cons: No social life long hours even on weekends
Advice: Management is very helpful and eager to help you grow within the company
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Great vacation time.

Cons: Big company and feels like it, very slow, and there is an unexpectedly high number of people who do not pull their weight
Advice: None
Pros: Has a lot of smart people here and there. Experience is highly team dependent

Cons: The hours can be tricky, but they let you know about that before starting.
Advice: None
Pros: Great staff that do actually care about you.

Cons: Growth opportunities took time to develop.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, benefits, and pay.

Cons: high workloads and pressure without free lunch
Advice: None
Pros: great salary and great benefits

Cons: micro management, heavy workload, high pressure
Advice: None
Pros: a stable job, fair pay

Cons: Work can get hectic sometimes. Lack of clearity
Advice: None
Pros: WL balance. Great pay. Lots of perks

Cons: Having to go to the office is mandatory
Advice: None
Pros: Love the work I am involve with and lots of opportunities to keep learning

Cons: It is a retail job growth limited
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly place to work and learn

Cons: work life balance, slow turnover
Advice: None
Pros: growth &amp; compensation, care for employee

Cons: Few remote work options s
Advice: Offer more transparency
Pros: Good benefits Opportunities for development

Cons: The structure of metrics were not good . Manager pressure you stating that their job was on the line
Advice: None
Pros: It was work from home

Cons: No work life balance unfortunately
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits Great pay scale

Cons: none none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Super high salary. Super great working environment

Cons: None that come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: It's Apple! Great brand recognition and stellar benefits

Cons: It’s a Sales environment without commission
Advice: Work on your metrics and has solid customer reviews
Pros: This is great job for college students to get some extra cash. The hours and flexible with school schedules.

Cons: Salaries a bit below market.
Advice: Pay more, and provide more flexible work environment like other Silicon Valley companies now do.
Pros: Outstanding products, benefits, and co workers.

Cons: upgrading to newest product is sometimes uinmotivating
Advice: nothin
Pros: easy products to sell customers are motivated to buy

Cons: Nothing I’m going to write here
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, some good people

Cons: The people I work with
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is okay but be better

Cons: depends on what org you work in
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, equity, ownership

Cons: Not much really, good work place
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Great beneifts Positive work enviornment

Cons: WFH limited, expensive location in south bay
Advice: None
Pros: Agile, quick, good peers, smart

Cons: Hours are tough as can be
Advice: None
Pros: It’s Apple great brand and benefits

Cons: Need to know basis. Experience really depends on the org
Advice: None
Pros: Work with dedicated people. Top down initiatives.

Cons: If you're in retail, the gig can be hit or miss. Getting into the corporate side offers tremendous career potential if you are persistent and patient.
Advice: None
Pros: great co-workers, supportive leadership, potential for lots of growth opportunity

Cons: Secrecy in mission clouded by overmarketing
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic internal community that collaborates

Cons: Required to come in person 3 days per week
Advice: None
Pros: Working at apple is generally good

Cons: Sometimes it felt like metrics were prioritized over merit
Advice: None
Pros: I met some of the brightest people I'd ever met there.

Cons: I think there're not any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: I love working with the team at Tacoma mall. From managers to team members, they are supportive and kind. They're always on your side when there's anything happen.

Cons: Has become little more transactional than developing team for substantial growth
Advice: None
Pros: Growth opportunities if willing to stay long term.

Cons: Always very late weekend shifts Frequent customers in awful moods Very little new opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Part time benefits Discounts Stable hours and business

Cons: Work weekends at least every other weekend
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture is great Pay Benefits Employee Discount

Cons: its a retail job so
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and great management

Cons: I don't have any complaints.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome workplace with room for growth.

Cons: No Cons really, I truly enjoy working for Apple!
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Awesome experience, Apple is hands down the best company to work for!

Cons: Too much work to do
Advice: None
Pros: very good work environment at apple

Cons: Management doente do a very good job at development or transparency.
Advice: None
Pros: Company prestige to family and friends.

Cons: Politics come into play the further up the ladder you go.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and incredible job security.

Cons: limited opps for much improve
Advice: None
Pros: nice place to work to

Cons: Commute, development, management, pay, location
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, benefits, hours, work life balance

Cons: Have to work weekends Employee quality has gone down
Advice: Hire people from other walks of life, rather than exclusively former Best Buy and Starbucks employees
Pros: Good benefits for part timers

Cons: Low salary compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work for

Cons: Not much work/life balance, encounter rude customers, interview process is lengthy
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive team, great perks, great opportunity to meet new people

Cons: -busy, fast paced, customer can be rude -can be hard to get weekends off
Advice: None
Pros: -benefits (even for part time) -good hours as a part time -opportunity for growth if you want -hired seasonal and was moved to permanent employee -caring management

Cons: - Incompetent Leadership - Lack of meaningful communication
Advice: Continue being people oriented. However, don't think the trust you build allows you to manipulate your employees.
Pros: - Development Opportunities - Discounts - Health Benefits

Cons: sometimes difficult customer situations, i.e. when their phone isn't working but there is a lot of support
Advice: None
Pros: -flexible schedule -great company culture -cares about employees -opportunities for growth

Cons: Long days. Short days too.
Advice: Keep on doing what you are doing, I turned out just fine.
Pros: Hard, yes, but difficult at times…always rewarding.

Cons: Nothing.. It was a great experience
Advice: None
Pros: Working as a team and great benefits. Everyday is a learning lesson

Cons: very hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: work/ life balance is better than most companies

Cons: Can get a little monotonous
Advice: None
Pros: Work Stress is low High pay Good Work-Life Balance

Cons: The higher you get, the more meetings and a lot of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate engineers and very cool products that touch a huge number of users

Cons: Expensive area and travel can be tiresome
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and insurance lol

Cons: It was sometimes slow on weekeends
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere with all the staff and customers

Cons: Retail is hard. Scheduling improvements have happened at my location and they do help, but one "biggie" which I think is reasonable, is to have higher pay for Saturday and Sunday shifts.
Advice: Stable, predictable schedules would be lovely.
Pros: Apple has demonstrated time and again, it truly cares about its employees and maintains a diverse workforce (age included!!!). They are committed to encouraging us to move up, and supply training and much other support. They really try to have an open and supportive environment, although this can happen or not depending on store leadership. The discounts and benefits are outstanding.

Cons: Poor management, micromanaging , not a lot of opportunity for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, tuition reimbursement. But the job is not easy in retail with lack of leadership and presence on most occasions.

Cons: no sure, have to think about it.
Advice: None
Pros: exciting environment to work and fun

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy and management
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging cross functional role and fulfilling

Cons: Can sometimes be difficult to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Cool work and friendly colleagues

Cons: Sometimes long hours, but not always
Advice: None
Pros: Great job and lots of fun

Cons: - long hours - lack of titles - slow to promote - some departments have high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: - great culture + benefits - love my team - constantly changing and supportive of career growth + transition

Cons: No structure. must be willing to relocate for quick growth. must be on call at all times.
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom Relationship Building Business Management

Cons: Hard to move up Constant changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits Amazing work environment Awesome Coworkers

Cons: Communication between teams is difficult to have, things take a long time to get approved, bad management is common
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, challenging, room for growth, nice coworkers, good benefits

Cons: - A very secretive environment with unnecessary censorship!
-Some RFIC group members in the San Diego office are not open to sharing their technical experiences at all!
 - Most of the team members do not have fresh, recent, state-of-the-art knowledge of RFIC design and they only know very old, out-of-date circuit techniques without being open to change or modify
- Most RFIC group members are not open to being challenged about their circuit techniques opinions because of their ego!
- The group is new and the managers are not experienced!
- A lot of unrelated meetings that you must attend without that much of benefits
Advice: The problems mentioned above prevent good talents to stay in your group!
Pros: Being employed by Apple is the only important pro!

Cons: I had no work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Good pay. Nothing beyond that

Cons: - slightly cult like - if your team sucks, this sucks
Advice: None
Pros: - great benefits for retail - great team

Cons: None really, I love my job
Advice: None
Pros: Befits, pay, culture, coworkers, schedule

Cons: Difficult to transfer from certain areas of the business to others.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, compensation, and support for mental health.

Cons: Have to request time off way in advance.
Advice: None
Pros: Management and team are supportive with an all-hands on deck mentality.

Cons: I realized that finance was the move
Advice: No advice at this time
Pros: The culture at apple was amazing

Cons: There are almost no jobs that don't involve taking calls al day long. After 6 years it gets very draining
Advice: Being on the phones for 8-10 hours a day for 5 years gets VERY old. Allow more time off the phone and opportunities.
Pros: Good benefits. Great workers. Good environment.

Cons: Management is more of a social click than an actual group of managers. All ruled by a troll of a woman like mean girls in high school
Advice: Do better
Pros: The other employees are a great group of people

Cons: There can be shown some toxicity
Advice: All good
Pros: Good company with a good product and great people

Cons: often difficult to get time off your management team makes or breaks the experience pay could be better in lieu of perks
Advice: None
Pros: great team lots of learning opportunities

Cons: None at the moment. Nice place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment to learn and grow

Cons: Working with the public can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: - AMAZING benefits - Good people - GREAT training

Cons: High Expectations, both from management and customers
Advice: None
Pros: Scheduling / Work-Life Balance, Company Culture, Management, Inclusiveness

Cons: - There is little to no room to grow, especially if you’re in retail. I worked for this company for many years and witnessed first hand an insane amount of favoritism across various markets. - Men specifically are approached with role opportunities they otherwise didn’t express interest in. - The benefits package is outstanding and is absolutely required because after a few months to a year and a half you begin to feel worn down. This feeling doesn’t go away until you separate from the company, voluntarily or otherwise. - Management does a really good job at putting on a persona of cultivating an enriching and inviting environment that is ultimately used against you. If you ask questions you’re labeled as insubordinate and this will be reflected in your review, further effecting your wages. This ‘pushback’ is also used against you when you desire to grow within the company. - Transferring from retail to corporate is insanely difficult for reasons that are still unclear to me and remain a mystery to many colleagues. - The company emphasizes the importance of exchange journals and owning your journey however, leadership continuously fails to respect the time scheduled for your development, if it’s scheduled at all. Their argument is that we’re there to meet business needs. Once that card is dealt your personal development doesn’t matter. - Training is also almost nonexistent beyond the core week(s). They will schedule time for compliance training as it’s required by law but even then due to business needs and the impact it has on the company image anyone spending time off of the floor is reprimanded. - There’s a significant amount of micromanaging if you’re not vocal about this. Unfortunately, many of my colleagues do the bare minimum which calls for more feedback than you wish to give and also sheds a new light on why leadership micromanages. - Positions in the retail space are exactly that “retail” and “customer service” there’s frequent discussions about how your job impacts people and technology. However, the reality is that there’s a SIGNIFICANT disconnect between the world of technology and your role during your time at Apple. You’re not learning new processes and terminology that translates to any position in the tech industry. It’s easy to get lost in the company culture which in hindsight will translate to you becoming increasingly comfortable with the bare minimum provided. It’s important that you put your foot down with your training and development and also do the work on the outside if technology is a space you want to grow in. The only valuable certification is a Genius certification and even then you will be required to study for and taking certifications outside of Apple if you want to grow in the tech space. Apple is NOT tech focused in the retail space. Do not allow the image to cloud that reality. - There are significant pay gaps between each individual and role. Often this is defended by stating a role is a lateral move however the responsibilities often aren’t lateral. Because a leaders perception of you is so heavily weighed in your reviews this impacts your wage increases. This circles back to favoritism. A leader who favors one person will ensure to write a review reflecting this thus justifying the max pay increase where as penny’s are given to someone they view as a challenge. - The culture being so inviting it’s also easy to confuse professional relationships with friendships. You will meet incredible people throughout your journey. However, please understand that your colleagues are not your friends and it’s okay to emphasize this in your day-to-days. There is a fine line in sharing in work experiences and discussing work related topics and sharing your personal experiences. You’re not required to be an open book and it’s difficult to feel like you don’t have to be one because of the company culture and the pressure to be people focused. You can 100% be people centric without divulging any aspect of your personal life. - Work / Life balance only exists if you let it. There’s only ever been one leader in my many years of service that saw me working overtime and cared about how it impacted me and not the company’s pockets. In hindsight overtime isn’t necessarily an issue depending on your store’s performance. They’d rather have you stay and finish a task than hand it off hence why little is said unless the store isn’t performing well and lacks overtime flexibility. You’ll hear this conversation increase depending on the quarter. - There’s a lack of transparency across the company especially when it comes to wages, specifically leadership wages. The leadership team is incentivized with bonuses that 100% depend on your performance. Leadership compensation isn’t discussed at all across the company. Doors are kept closed for a reason and another reason is because they discuss employee matters as a collective. Whether these conversations are professional or not will depend on that specific leader. - All in all you won’t realize how suffocating it all is until you separate from the company. You won’t understand why you’re unhappy during your time there until you separate and realize the lack of growth and mismanaged opportunities.
Advice: Many of you have received praise, bonuses, raises, and promotions for taking credit from individuals on your team. This is vial. Take a step back and reread the credo.
Pros: - Benefits - Sense of job security

Cons: long hours no availability respect no flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was very good for part time job good benefits good people working there

Cons: Restrictions on engaging in most external endeavors.
Advice: None
Pros: Never a moment where you don't feel challenged.

Cons: They bought the Business Teams back into the store.
Advice: None
Pros: The job was great; I loved Apple.

Cons: hard work-life balance but all good
Advice: None
Pros: amazing work culture dope benefits

Cons: The retail schedule can be rough on work life balance.
Advice: None really, they were pretty solid.
Pros: A good company that takes care of its people.

Cons: way to much Ra- Ra "Go APple" drinking the company kool-aid inability to admit fault.
Advice: Stop acting like you are better then everyone
Pros: pay, benefits, holidays, people who you work with

Cons: Busy and customers can be tough
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, flexibility, and personal fulfillment

Cons: Little room for career advancement in retail setting. Underpaid for the amount of work.
Advice: None
Pros: Powerful company culture. Collaborative environment.

Cons: Management was not addressing the issues correctly.
Advice: None
Pros: Many interesting tools and projects.

Cons: Lack of movement Steering away from AHA
Advice: None
Pros: Perks Discounts Name Pay Status

Cons: Hard to get weekends off
Advice: None
Pros: Personal development was excellent pay was good Offered alot of opportunities Excellent leadership Great diversity

Cons: a lot of work. Work life balance can be challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay. great work. A lot of challenges

Cons: There are no cons from my perspective.
Advice: No advice for management they are doing great
Pros: Best Professionalism Always looking out for employees great benefits

Cons: Always having the maximum number of chats going at once, no downtime, constant check-ins if you are away from your computer for a few minutes.
Advice: Hire more people. If the number of advisors matched the amount of customer outreach this wouldn't be a terrible customer service job. As-is, I found it extremely stressful. Often you would be expected to keep a customer waiting for 20+ minutes while waiting for a tier 2 advisor to answer your chat.
Pros: Work from home Macs provided random swag mail

Cons: Very repetitive, and you'll have little say over how you can evolve.
Advice: None
Pros: They work around your schedule, training is paid, and takes place at night. The benefits are amazing.

Cons: No cons loved it there
Advice: Meh
Pros: Nice environment loved it there very ncie

Cons: Work life balance can suffer a bit depending on the position you obtain.
Advice: Management is typically chosen well. I don’t have any negative feedback for managers at Apple.
Pros: Overall great company to work for. Benefits, 401k, Employees stock purchase program, PTO and pay are all generally great.

Cons: cronyism cross-functional politics employees get gaslighted
Advice: None
Pros: micromanaged overworked no praise for work done and only think about the next thing to do

Cons: Times could get long and boring
Advice: Keep your employees engaged and working
Pros: Good stadd and managers and good benifits

Cons: The cons include: stress and humiliation
Advice: Pay me more
Pros: The pros include: Pay and Lifestyle

Cons: Always required a need to speak with people
Advice: None
Pros: Professional, benefits, occupied, extroversion needed.

Cons: No opportunity for growth Micromanagement
Advice: Relax Be more human and transparent
Pros: Consistent pay, decent benefits, cool tech

Cons: Alot of stress under pressure
Advice: Try to implement stress relief programs
Pros: Very fun cool team that really loved their work

Cons: Slight pressure to maintain sales/add-ons. Constant pressure to maintain a 100% positive attitude and personality.
Advice: None
Pros: Positive, high energy, great employees, fosters a community aspect

Cons: Too flat, R&amp;R unclear, too much duplication of effort.
Advice: having process will not undermine creativity, it will enable it.
Pros: Great comp, smart people. Interesting projects.

Cons: Good environment for work and careers
Advice: None
Pros: I like the office and the team, but benefit is limit

Cons: Software engineers coding data science
Advice: None
Pros: Salary salary salary salary salary

Cons: Its fun and im happy
Advice: None
Pros: Its a real salary submission

Cons: I don't now any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Talented people, challenging tasks, great benefits

Cons: i find the culture slightly annoying. the “daily downloads” feel like i’m in highschool and it’s a really aggravating way to start the day (for me personally) a lot of aspects of the job feel like
you’re in grown up highschool honestly. 
managers harp on apple care sales so much when there is zero incentive for selling it 
customers are rude and inconsiderate (management does an okay job of intervening when it goes too far)
Advice: act like you know employees are humans just like you are, not robots
Pros: Decent benefits even as a part time employee, flexible schedule, friendly environment, in-depth training process, opportunities to grow with the company, discounts on products, a variety of positions; you don’t necessarily have to be in sales or tech to work in the retail store, encouragement to grow and be better, plenty of resources

Cons: Apple head count more than doubled in past 8 to 10 years. So it is very difficult to move up unless you happen to be on the right team at the right time.
Advice: Promote internally
Pros: Lots to learn from talented and smart people. Get to work on the class leading consumer electronic products.

Cons: Customer interactions can be very draining
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits that are offered in retail

Cons: No growth path for individual contributors and heavy middle management in SWE and AIML orgs
Advice: None
Pros: No Layoffs and relative stability

Cons: Bad work on the weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Good company great culture fun to be apart of

Cons: Lots of favoritism, cult-ish environment
Advice: Stop playing favorites
Pros: Good Pay Good Experience Decent Job

Cons: Expected a raise but didn't get it.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, low pay. Had a lot of fun working there but got laid off.

Cons: Very demanding and people stress you out
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and good salary

Cons: Sometimes lack of leadership to step up to the plate.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and environment, team work is essential.

Cons: I don't have any cons to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is the most inclusive work environment you'll ever experience.

Cons: The leadership is completely ineffective and incapable. Apple is betraying it's values and destroying morale.
Advice: Restore the values and culture that existed.
Pros: It is a pleasure to work with such great product.

Cons: many quiet quitters. not mission-driven
Advice: None
Pros: competent coworkers, good culture, its ok

Cons: people salary bottom of the pyramid
Advice: None
Pros: nice okay short term okay

Cons: non really great people and company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: easy work get to try new apple products rovided equipment

Cons: Raise is every year, but less, than a dollar
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. Great benefits, lots of room to grow.

Cons: -Micromanagement -Long hours, easy to burn out -Constantly expected to overproduce due to lean teams -Depends on team, but easy to not feel appreciated
Advice: None
Pros: -Good pay and benefits -Smart and passionate colleagues -Clean offices

Cons: -work a lot - can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: - free time - great pay -vacations

Cons: It's very competitive and hard to interview.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working here, it's a good company

Cons: Not anything I can think of!
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, good leadership, opportunities to grow

Cons: not really anything i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: it was a good place to work at

Cons: Management only cares about AppleCare
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are good, pay is good

Cons: Workload, management, competitive coworkers, nasty clients
Advice: better communication
Pros: Fun, good money, flexible hours

Cons: I dunno what to put here
Advice: None
Pros: Sure why not-its an ok job

Cons: - Work life balance is tough but it depends on your team
Advice: None
Pros: - Good pay scale but work is not easy too

Cons: Scheduling was complicated and it was difficult to get certain days off. Customers were off putting at times.
Advice: None
Pros: People are amazing, benefits are great, they invest in personal and group building and training. It was. Great environment and pay was very good about 25/hr

Cons: There are not really any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of self development opportunities

Cons: Absolutely no benefits. Crappy pay. They pay you only $17 an hour for an insanely high stress job. The benefits they offer are absolutely a joke. This job should atleast pay $28 per hour due to the amount of stress. They also highly rank performance on surveys which is stupid because you deal with pissed off people all day long. No amount of positivity is going to help some situations. They truly dont care about your personal life whatsoever. They want to run you ragged. The support system is a joke. The disconnect between advisors and engineers is ridiculous.
Advice: Pay people an actual decent amount of money. Offer real benefits not crap. As a trillion dollar company there is absolutely no excuse to treat people like dogs. its disgusting
Pros: You get to learn alot about apple devices.

Cons: Too long process. Selection cirteria is very much high.
Advice: None
Pros: Really smooth process. Assesments were challenging

Cons: lack of skilled managers to help team
Advice: None
Pros: pay and benefits for all employees

Cons: Metrics can be a bit stressful Sometimes you will get a bad survey for something that was out of your control High volume calls On average No breaks between Calls come in every 7 secs
Advice: Maybe find a way to increase in between calls from every 7 secs to a more manageable time Would be nice if metrics were not placed before customer satisfaction that way we could truly help customers by taking more of our time and not feeling rushed
Pros: Benefits Pay Culture Diversity Work Balance Great Managers and leadership

Cons: Add duties without compensation Raises were replaced with stock options over 5 years
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture Good benefits Good training

Cons: pay isnt great, but okay for a retail store.
Advice: None
Pros: nice environment to work at

Cons: Management was not held accountable and therefore culture in my store suffered causing good people to leave the company prematurely including myself.
Advice: Apple has done such a great job creating a culture that attracts the best talent. If you want to train and retain talent at the retail level then you have to treat people with respect, you have to make people feel more than, and you have to lead with a servants heart. The way leadership was in my store made for a terrible and toxic environment and speaking up came with consequences. Hold your store senior management accountable, and make sure your retail employees feel protected and appreciated.
Pros: Great pay, and benefits for the work that was being done.

Cons: Some places can be too numbers driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good at transferable career development skills. More focus on work/life balance.

Cons: Its apparent that Apple feels very differently about their corporate employees vs their retail employees. The stigma for people who work in retail is present and strong, despite Apple's efforts to convince us otherwise, and despite our qualifications. 

Many of my former coworkers who was not afraid of making the jump, end up leaving for MUCH better jobs with much better pay, and with employers who value them more than Apple did. But those who were complacent will pay the price (and also make those around them pay as well) for confining themselves to a job that Apple does not intend for anyone to keep long term (unless you are in retirement and just want to work there for the stock benefits)
Advice: The only way to shift is for Apple themselves to change their perception of their retail workers. Until Apple considers retail employees just as important and worthy as their corporate employees (and truly consider them, not just by word but by deed, through benefits, opportunities, and compensation), these issues will be permanent
Pros: I was able to meet some very great coworkers, and it did provide some useful benefits such as stock options 

If you are a retired professional, and just want a job that is low-impact, this is a great job for you. Getting the stock benefits as a retail employee is great if you are not looking for anything long term

Cons: long hours pay could be better working all weekends
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits opportunities to network

Cons: some teams have politics, not all
Advice: None
Pros: values are taken seriously and you really feel as a part of apple family

Cons: None, None, None, None, None
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Management, Work Schedules, Team Work, Communication

Cons: nothing really, hate boss, one wierd coworker called josh, karens pretty much it tbf
Advice: None
Pros: 100k an hr lol, its cooll, 3 ipone, get to see new ipad

Cons: Didn't like the management team too much. Can be petty and favoritism does happen.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool place to work and nice people to work with (for the most part).

Cons: You feel like a cog in the machine. More so like an iPhone vending machine. A robot.
Advice: Good luck
Pros: Tuition Reimbursement and the other benefits

Cons: If you are part time, you work every weekend and get the crappiest hours. You have to wait 90 days to get insurance, and the insurance isn’t as good as the full time insurance.
Advice: Fight for same benefits for ALL employees. It isn’t fair for people who begin and are hired full time to get benefits from day one, and the person next to them who was hired the same time but part time…has to wait for 90 days and doesn’t have the same opportunity to get the better insurance.
Pros: Very positive atmosphere! All of the people who work there are super supportive and have your best interest in mind.

Cons: Problem solving with rude customers
Advice: None
Pros: Pay. Great work-life balance. Tuition assistance and the community built around our store was so beautiful to be a part of.

Cons: very stressful work environment usually
Advice: None
Pros: apple is a good company and great HQ

Cons: bad schedule, always busy in store
Advice: None
Pros: great company benefits, great employment

Cons: Nothing that sticks out vs other jobs I've had
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely good benefits from healthcare, PTO, and discounts. Very relaxed environment with clearly laid out expectations.

Cons: i am good at this.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a good company

Cons: Sometimes leadership in a particular store can be stuck in their ways. Customers are hard to deal with. You deal a lot with a retail-style environment. I’ve gone above and beyond in my role and it’s not recognized at the end of the year with my pay raises.
Advice: Listen to all of your employees, especially your Ops teams. If they’re telling you someone is doing a bad job ringing up transactions and making mistakes, follow through on that.
Pros: Amazing health benefits, corporate seems to be listening most of the time to concerns of retail employees. Work life balance has improved since I started.

Cons: You still have to work the retail floor
Advice: None
Pros: Great and talented coworkers. Work with really amazing local companies

Cons: The schedule was good to work rith
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere and co workers

Cons: commute was tough 2 busses
Advice: None
Pros: clean people don't make messes

Cons: Expensive for this plant huh
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good for this planet

Cons: Was not always stood for time
Advice: None
Pros: Was very very interesting wkem

Cons: No cons due to the many pros
Advice: None
Pros: So many great benefits. They truly value to growth and development of their employees.

Cons: no cons this is best company
Advice: none keep up good work
Pros: great job best company in world

Cons: Customer service retail job, so you will likely get yelled at from time to time by an unhappy person. There can be a lot of stress, especially on busy days (weekends, holidays, launches) Sometimes management disagreements, depending on leadership Long hours, especially in mall store
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced and fun environment with great people. Good benefits, decent pay, room for growth.

Cons: It has really high competition atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is the biggest tech company

Cons: - Long hours - Had to work on weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: - Fantastic company to work for. - Room to grow within your role as well as your company. - Benefits are the best I've ever had, health, dental, vision, 401k, and stock options

Cons: Strict work environment. Enjoyable mostly because of the people you're working alongside of. Pretty much numbers driven despite not receiving commission bonuses.
Advice: None
Pros: - Health Benefits and many random, hidden ones you wouldn't even assume to have but are lucky to! (SpotHero, Hotel Discounts, Commuter Debit Card)

Cons: Not enough scale and there are no real cloud services
Advice: None
Pros: Stable Company in the current economy

Cons: Sometimes it was hard to get things approved.
Advice: None
Pros: Filming with Apple was a great experience.

Cons: No cons, great place to work at
Advice: None
Pros: great place to network and meet different people

Cons: No set schedule and hours
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to work and learn to do task

Cons: Long hours especially on launch days
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good company culture

Cons: The starting salary at Apple needs to be carefully negotiated.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything about working at Apple is great.

Cons: always busy no work like balance
Advice: None
Pros: high pay lots of benefits

Cons: None at this time that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: I love the company and the culture.

Cons: Can be very fast pace but if you love that and love team work it’s a dream
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company to work for

Cons: It is still retail at the end of the day time off not the best with holidays
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits. great people. amazing time off (flexible) just not on holidays managers care

Cons: They don’t care about you
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and health care

Cons: Hard to move around when work from home
Advice: None
Pros: $23 hour with room to get raises

Cons: Could be better at having work-life balance and more understanding managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, amazing benefits, promotions

Cons: You work retail… 
Expect to work whatever they tell you. 
They take call outs super serious.
You never have any weekend days off.
You have to “request”(as they say it’s just a request) days off 4 weeks in advanced or more.
You have to deal with some very not smart people. We jokingly say, “imagine how not smart the average person is… now realize we work with the least smart end of that spectrum.”
Promotions are given out based on political and social Justice concerns. If you are a white guy that is straight expect to be in role for years before moving up.
Advice: Hire based on skill, experience, or ability to adapt. I’ve seen too many terrible employees get promoted and leave quickly as they can’t handle the roles… while those qualified are looked over for lack of political pandering.
Pros: The company has amazing benefits. They look after every employee and their loved ones.
Medical benefits I’m told by every admin in healthcare clinics is like no other they have seen before.
401 K matching.
Employee stock purchasing program is phenomenal.
Higher or about industry standards for pay.
You usually have wonderful breaks. Unpaid lunches but have paid 15 min breaks.

Cons: Management team changed too much at the store I was at and it ended up totally throwing off the good vibes
Advice: None
Pros: The time I spent at apple was great when I had good leaders. The managers make or break an experience at a store.

Cons: tired drama no appreciations of hard work
Advice: None
Pros: disc perks good pay entertainment freebies

Cons: low okay the job gives you mental health issues
Advice: be present often
Pros: lots of benefits like therapy

Cons: To instance, burnout easily working with the customers
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits and training process

Cons: Not much documents to read
Advice: None
Pros: Very challenging and friendly environment

Cons: long hours, working all holidays, launch
Advice: None
Pros: fun coworkers, great benefits, flexible

Cons: Working weekends and holidays often times later in the evenings
Advice: None
Pros: Learned new skills that expanded my horizons

Cons: Long Hours and not much pay
Advice: None
Pros: Many people do not respond

Cons: None- I love it. Highly recommend
Advice: None
Pros: Great work atmosphere, friendly co-workers, great benefits

Cons: Customers. The worst part was having to deal with customer entitlement.
Advice: None
Pros: The great thing about apple was the benefits and job security.

Cons: Chances of receiving a role outside of technical support are slim to none, a few of my colleagues have landed corporate roles but it's the exception not the norm. Pay raises are relatively small, my pay is $24.44 after 8 years. Be sure to NEGOTIATE your offer to come in paid appropriately. Role gets monotonous, after a year or two you'll pretty much have handled every type of technical call you'll get. My advice is don't stay in the role longer than 4 years, after that leverage your experience and resume appeal to land another FAANG offer.
Advice: None
Pros: Schedule is great, part time work is available as well. Discounts are good, 25% off each product per year, 15% off products purchased for friends/family and $500 off a Mac or iPhone each two years. Management generally does care about accommodating top advisors needs. Great network of individuals in different lines of business available, coffee chats are encouraged to learn about different organizations.

Cons: not really any cons, management are a litle fussy at time sbut great experience
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty fun, good opportunities for moving up

Cons: stressful, heavily loaded, fast paced.
Advice: None
Pros: respectful engineering oriented working env and team culture. Emphasis on problem solving.

Cons: Cons: It was kind of draining taking a lot of calls back to back.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros: Meeting people. The pay was pretty good. Benefits were good. Management was nice.

Cons: Mandatory overtime. In busy season
Advice: Mandatory overtime
Pros: Great training working from home

Cons: None. I loved working for them
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Would work there again

Cons: They kept spilling coffee on the floors
Advice: Use a mop not a broom
Pros: It was very beautiful building

Cons: - Very heavy top-down culture
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting ecosystem to help build

Cons: The management does not know what they are doing
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Work/Life Balance Free Food Nice office

Cons: There was limited advancement without relocation.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation and open to change

Cons: No cons, overall great company to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to work for a college student

Cons: nothing to say cause it is good
Advice: None
Pros: i like work here and happy

Cons: Moving up is difficult as with any big companies since there is a lot of people ahead of you that are as smart. Depending on phase of product cycle and how unlucky you are, there could be a ton of work all at once and extreme high pressure to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Impactful products and projects. Lots of learning and growth opportunities. If you want to deliver the best product at all cost the company actually supports that more than any other hardware companies out there. What you'll experience varies largely by team.

Cons: You work in retail, so your hours are not based on regular business week hours.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great atmosphere with an amazing team of people. You get to help people every day and that is a fulfilling part of the job.

Cons: Nothing out if the ordinary for working in retail. You know what you’re getting into so it is what it is.
Advice: Remember the vibe of the Steve days. That creates loyalty.
Pros: Benefits are fabulous. Far more than I or the average employee uses.

Cons: Lot of favoritism with management
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and good for college students

Cons: Limited room for advancement due to abnormally low attrition rates and a leveling after massive business growth.
Advice: None
Pros: There is constant education and skill development if you take advantage of it. Great benefits and a great culture dominate.

Cons: Gaslighting Sexual harassment Internal conflict between child like managers makes it’s way to the sales floor often
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible products Great stock Good benefits

Cons: Busy with little support at times
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work and learn

Cons: No cons really, maybe just customers
Advice: NA
Pros: Got to work with apple products

Cons: Client groups are extremely demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is full of very experienced recruiters with vast experience in the industry.

Cons: High stress and fast pace
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, administration, and benefits

Cons: Spotty leadership, rude customers and late hours/will always work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, flexible with schedules so if you have something else you are pursuing you can work part time and get benefits. Leadership is spotty and will depend on where you work at.

Cons: At the end of the day, it’s retail.
Advice: None
Pros: Mandatory review to have access. It’s Apple.

Cons: Richest Company could always pay more .
Advice: None
Pros: Good starting pay and training

Cons: none to really mention tbh
Advice: None
Pros: 10/10 would recommend in my opinion

Cons: no cons. Very good company
Advice: None
Pros: very good. very Nice company

Cons: - Customers can be frustrated and you need to be able to be calm and handle situations appropriatly
Advice: None
Pros: - Very good job if you know how to remain calm and troubleshoot issues

Cons: no real cons to report
Advice: None
Pros: great culture and great team

Cons: High call value, &amp; shift buds
Advice: None. They are great at what theybdo
Pros: Great place to work if your needing a work from home job

Cons: Pay compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are really great compared to other employers

Cons: You have to spend a lot.
Advice: None
Pros: You get paid a lot

Cons: I actually have no complaints. I only worked there for about a year and a half, but I really liked it.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a very supportive work environment and good benefits for part time employees.

Cons: Fired me for some crazy AI stuff
Advice: None
Pros: It was an awesome time

Cons: High growth rate of work
Advice: None
Pros: Good people with a good office setting and environment.

Cons: kinda racist? older coworkers think they can tell you what to do. have to stand all shift. measured by how much apple care you sell.
Advice: None
Pros: it is not that hard

Cons: High-stress, customers are really rude, management always blames the employees for customer's bad behavior even if its clear that its not the employees fault. Repetitive work flow that becomes mundane very quickly and overall not a job that I would recommend keeping for more than a year tops because of health concerns &amp; because the longer you stay the more difficult I think it will be to switch careers.
Advice: Management should try to have more understanding of the employees situations when there are issues with customers because that would definitely help to reduce the percentage of technical advisors that quit their jobs. There is nothing that crushes a workers morale more than their manager telling them that a customer's bad attitude is their fault and that they need to learn to avoid doing things that will trigger them/ make them upset.
Pros: Work from home, good pay for minimum skills needed to start, employee stock program. For the most part the managers I worked with were really nice people and a pleasure to work with.

Cons: Hours can sometimes be difficult to get
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and a lot of diversity and inclusion

Cons: Not much downside on the part of Apple
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, Respectful management, Work from home environment was nice

Cons: too competitive makes me feel like an imposter
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good food, boss is nice

Cons: Average pay for a trillion dollar company
Advice: Listen to your employees. Spend more time being available to hear from them.
Pros: Focus on creating a diverse culture.

Cons: - Not much room for moving outside of customer-facing roles. 
- Difficulty planning ahead due to constantly changing schedules
- Weekend shifts are to always be expected unless you're a top 10% performer
- Conflicting information occurs sometimes in technical support documents due to constantly changing OS development
- Issues with time-consuming or non existent resolutions are difficult to sell to frustrated customers
Advice: Don't ever glorify not using sick time. It's not a flex or a brag that you've never taken a sick day, it only ostracizes those who must. 
Please remember that talking to customers and dealing with their issues (both technical and emotional) is extremely exhausting and takes more of a toll (both physical and emotional) on people than you may realize. 
I only ever had fantastic managers while working for Apple. They were extremely easy to get along with and were extremely reasonable and accommodating. I can't express how much good communication between all of us made that possible. 
I would go back to Apple, just never in a customer-facing role.
Pros: - Amazing top tier benefits
- Extremely personable managers
- Constant training to keep us up to date
- Fun, extracurricular activities
- Inclusive atmosphere
- Admirable social and environmental awareness

Cons: Lack of movement Limited time off
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Nice discounts on Apple products. Remote options.

Cons: Growth opportunities can be siloed. Work life balance can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership. Focused direction. Great benefits

Cons: Fluctuating retail schedule, always work weekends and most holidays, “customer first” mentality, training and development is very rare due to high volume customer demand, mostly on-the-job learning, the culture is now highly focused on metrics / results / attachments and less on the employee experience
Advice: Devote time back to team members to learn, develop, and train properly. There is too much focus on the customer journey and not enough on employee experience — helping as many people as possible without proper training has become a losing battle of quantity vs quality. Team members aren’t given enough time to develop and train in their roles, are instead thrown into the deep end of the pool and immediately expected to know how to swim. This diminishes self confidence in team members entering new roles and creates a lack of trust in the decisions made by leaders.
Pros: Competitive wages for retail, amazing benefits, ever-changing technology with unlimited opportunities to learn something new every day, like-minded coworkers, passionate team members who often become friends for life even after leaving the company

Cons: Not many cons with this position
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work in retail

Cons: None as of now, will update later.
Advice: None
Pros: Talented peers and place for innovation.

Cons: I would not change anything
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, comp, mission driven, and amazing culture

Cons: Bad management and not flexible schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Good coworkers and good work environment

Cons: Famously against WFH arrangements Technical issues with internal tools hurt your performance The high performance standards incentivize cheating on personal metrics, and genuinely good and honest people who care about their jobs are terminated because of it. Managers are unaware how bad they are at analyzing performance by viewing metrics of an employee, but they are tolerated by upper-management. Very little room for growth other than horizontal moves to other departments Low pay for the biggest tech company on earth
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers Great balance between a fun and professional environment Work is usually completed by lunch Mostly inclusive

Cons: Not as much visibility in pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for!

Cons: It was a very competitive environment
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was very good

Cons: From day 1 to when I left, the vibe of the company shifted from people to metrics and management decided to micromanage more than ever before. Worked for 2 different locations.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and pay for part time was great

Cons: Command &amp; Control culture Toxic environment in many groups
Advice: Do skip level meetings to stop being so oblivious of how disgruntled employees are.
Pros: Great Brand Great Compensation Well managed fiscally

Cons: So far from home nothing else
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly Work environment and Supportive Boss.

Cons: Limited career growth options for work at home advisors.
Advice: None
Pros: Work at home and employee discount.

Cons: flexibility and deadlines are a bit skewed but theyre fine
Advice: None
Pros: employee discount, good managers, good pay and benefits

Cons: High security and discretion, always
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great community and great location

Cons: Long hours at a retail location.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environments with plenty of training.

Cons: None besides I lived far away
Advice: None
Pros: Good spot to work and I loved it

Cons: This is specific to AMP PMO. Clique mentality with no regards to employees if you are not part of the cool kids. Toxic work environment, with no boundaries (prepared to be working on weekends).
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, capable CEO, positive outlook

Cons: People are not nice, they often want to work alone rather than collaborate. Honestly the pay isn't as high as you'd think and the benefits aren't great. They don't sponsor you to go to conferences, at least in my organization. It's hard to move between orgs because it's so secretive. Overall I wouldn't recommend an engineer work here.
Advice: None
Pros: There's a team for everything so there's no need to run any system yourself. They'll send you all around the world in first class. Apple Park is stunning. Everyone is smart.

Cons: stress of working with customers
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Benefits, people and time management

Cons: No room for development in store
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership and work envirment

Cons: It's not a remote friendly company
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to have on your resume and you'll grow a lot

Cons: Terrible accountability by management Feedback system is terrible because no one above you actually cares
Advice: They could take more accountability, and actually start by making sure some strict rules are set up for when feedback is given consistently to someone.
Pros: You make good money Tons of networking resources Some great opportunities to grow

Cons: Rude customers Selling Applecare insurance is the biggest part of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Fun work culture Lots of little perks Great benefits Discount

Cons: Pay isn't quite sustainable as preferred but it's livable if full time only.
Advice: None
Pros: Great community and team. Really focus on ways to improve well being and services.

Cons: laid off a lot of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great benifits and loved my team

Cons: No growth potential unless someone leaves the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for and there is never a dull moment.

Cons: not much room for growth and competitive
Advice: None
Pros: nice for being part time or students

Cons: Little opportunity for advancement in corporate retail operations. Below average pay for such a large tech company.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company, extremely intelligent coworkers, incredible stability.

Cons: Held to a high standard, not a job for those not willing to exceed expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, mentorship support and ability to move up within the company

Cons: Sometimes the holidays would be insane with rude people. unrealistic expectations etc
Advice: take care of the good people you have.
Pros: Enjoyed the people that I worked with

Cons: Not bad i think in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Good i think in my opinion

Cons: Burning hours Established so not much upside chance
Advice: None
Pros: Big name, easy to find next job in tech

Cons: Long retail hours. Some customers are good, but sometimes there can be some tough customers
Advice: None
Pros: Encouraging team, performance driven environment that pays amazing no matter your performance. If you underperform, management and coach’s work to get you to where you need to be.

Cons: sometimes they are mean to me
Advice: None
Pros: oh yes very good most excellent

Cons: Work life balance can always be challenging with retail
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are amazing all the way around

Cons: Working in customer services and team dynamics
Advice: None
Pros: Apple employee plan and benefits

Cons: -I cannot think i any cons
Advice: None
Pros: -Good culture and good people

Cons: None - would highly recommend
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Office perks

Cons: You will have to work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Physical/Mental Health benefits Insurance Discounts Stocks

Cons: The culture was not for me
Advice: None
Pros: it is a great job to have when you are in high school, and need good money. The work is not hard at all, you help customers with their needs and provide the complete solution

Cons: Not reccommended at all stay away
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, paid on time

Cons: Customers sometimes are rude. Sometimes communication between management is conflicted.
Advice: None
Pros: amazing co workers, great benefits, great job

Cons: None, it was ok 10/10
Advice: None
Pros: Great and fun environment to work in

Cons: there is no cons I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: great network opportunities and environment

Cons: Sometimes higher positions are taken by people who held those positions in other companies.
Advice: I would love if apple hire management from within.
Pros: Best place I’ve worked, they really care about the employees and our personal growth. They want us to succeed

Cons: Some customers are no at alls.
Advice: Always remain encouraging never tell us what to do
Pros: Great benefits, pay, employees, and vibes

Cons: Have to feed into the apple culture and kiss peoples …. If wanting to move up in the company.
Advice: Hire more people of color in upper management
Pros: Looks good for future resume. Good stock benefits. Paid me over $20 an hour. Took advantage of tuition reimbursement. Gym reimbursement

Cons: Nothing is wrong with it
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome Fun Exciting So Fun

Cons: Weak leadership and not a lot of support
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks, great co-workers, fair salary

Cons: I don’t care I just wanna activate my account this is fake
Advice: Stop forcing little Asian kids to work for cheap
Pros: I just wanna activate my account tbh

Cons: Hard work low pay at apple
Advice: None
Pros: Best job for a first career

Cons: Offer more full time positions
Advice: None
Pros: Very good about instilling team morale, enforcing breaks, pay is good comparable to other companies

Cons: long hours, no work-life balance, no respect from leadership, micro-management
Advice: None
Pros: a big company with talented people

Cons: - exchange between employees between departments
Advice: + More team building events
Pros: + Salary + Working environment

Cons: Because it’s retail, you deal with retail hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits great for being a retail job.

Cons: Really hard to move to full time
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, Great coworkers, flexible

Cons: Over worked Not very many promotions or growth opportunities. You have to apply for a whole new job within the company and take charge of your own career
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Discounts on products

Cons: More ways of growing within company
Advice: None
Pros: People, company, benefits, resources, products

Cons: Schedules How many chats you have to take Management No room to grow
Advice: Provide better schedule options Allow more help to provide chat reps with less chats. Taking 3 to 4 chats everyday is too much
Pros: The benefits are the absolute best thing about the company.

Cons: Difficult to move up Micromanaging
Advice: None
Pros: Great management and fun team Awesome benefits

Cons: Hard to get climb up. Once you’re in App Review there isn’t a direct path for career growth.
Advice: None
Pros: AppleCare Partner Relations, while a call center environment is call center light compared to other front line customer support gigs.

Cons: Most likely will not benefit you if you want to jump to corporate
Advice: None
Pros: Great way to make money while in school

Cons: Everything is very ok kuehf
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for work in

Cons: Management doesn't listen or support. Complaining customers. Severally pushes goals with no bonus promised. Everybody is getting paid differently. No transparency in pay. Mental health thrown out the door, even if they list benefits, most services provided circle back to management for *them* to do something. Even if you are part time, get ready to be required to give full open availability.
Advice: Pay transparency. Let part time workers have flexible hours and not require complete open availability.
Pros: Good Benefits, the okay discounts

Cons: Extremely busy but management supports
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Great culture, great peers and great leadership

Cons: Not everyone you work with with uphold the credo and the culture of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits, and fantastic credo.

Cons: Culture can become toxic in the pursuit of inclusion.
Advice: None
Pros: Upward mobility is realistically attainable

Cons: slow promotions Low on diversity
Advice: N/A
Pros: Flexible work schedule Fair Pay Competitive Good Insurance Excellent discounts for employees.

Cons: It’s not bad at all
Advice: None
Pros: It is great for me

Cons: Leadership can be hit or miss in different markets. Retail hours can make work/life balance challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts on 1st and 3rd party products. Excellent healthcare.

Cons: very fast paced and always working on multiple projects at once
Advice: None
Pros: working with very smart colleagues

Cons: The scheduling is not very flexible.
Advice: None
Pros: Enriching lives, working with a great team of interesting people. Great benefits for part time employees. The company promotes good social and environmental values both internally and externally.

Cons: Nothing is bad about this job
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is great about this job

Cons: It was remote work so stayed in Canada
Advice: None
Pros: It was okay to be honest

Cons: Working nonstop and too much macro-management
Advice: None
Pros: Lot to learn and good pay.

Cons: Bad boss and long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good money and good location

Cons: Can be long days and hours time to time
Advice: None
Pros: Love working here, wouldn't trade it for anything

Cons: Customers are generally angry and act like entitled children.
Advice: Stop allowing customers to always be right.
Pros: Apple really cares about its employees.

Cons: Once you reach your limit in advancement and want to move to management you likely need to leave and come back for a spot in management.
Advice: Be honest with the limitations of advancement into managerial role
Pros: Loved working here, great benefits, and room for advancement

Cons: -Company is very left/liberal leaning especially with fellow coworkers. Some can be radical. -if you don’t play along with their agenda, you won’t get very far -sometimes the repair room can be very toxic and almost everything is sexualized. -can feel like high school all over again.
Advice: None
Pros: -Good pay currently making 30hr -Great benefits -Potential to move up within the company if you say the correct word

Cons: Time off is ridiculous. They are very hard on you about taking time off and want you to always be at everything.
Advice: None
Pros: They support you and help you move up, they pay well, the team environment is exciting and fun.

Cons: Things move very very slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. Great work. Great people.

Cons: So many people you kind of get lost in shuffle.
Advice: Spend more time on the floor with your team.
Pros: Great People to work with

Cons: Fast pace. WLB may not be so good from time to time.
Advice: None
Pros: able to work on the best work of you life time

Cons: There are some cons if you do not work with passion
Advice: Being able to share and have skills to
Pros: Some and a lot like being able to work in a lot of projects

Cons: it was bit stressful managing the timlines
Advice: None
Pros: it was good to work at apple

Cons: Not too bad really just cold here
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome fun and spontaneous I love it

Cons: -Long hours -with the tech layoffs job stability is a little shaky
Advice: None
Pros: -great opportunity to move up the corporate ladder -challenging projects but great learning potential

Cons: It's a bit expensive as a consumer
Advice: None
Pros: Fun all year round, especially Christmas.

Cons: Just working on the office,
Advice: None
Pros: Good support and training. Salary

Cons: bad culture in a few teams
Advice: None
Pros: Name company to work for.

Cons: Pay honestly. For a trillion dollar company can we pay people an adequate livable wage? 25 an hour doesnt cut it after still having to drive and pay for parking at a parking garage. Also some shifts only make for a 30 min lunch which suck because you can do hardly anything. Also more money towards a parking if we have to freaking pay for a parking garage on top of a non livable wage.
Advice: Giving people fair shifts. Having scheduling be in house then possibly go to a third party. Sometimes the shifts are just horrible.
Pros: Great benefits, free apple music, apple arcade and discounts are BOMB. Team is absolutely one of the best I have ever worked with! Supportive and caring.

Cons: It can get busy, so stay sharp!
Advice: None
Pros: Employee focus and team building is great... you feel part of the bigger picture

Cons: retail hours but that is just part of the industry
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and culture, above all

Cons: It's retail. The customer base is everyone on earth, and people suck sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Look, it's retail. It's not gonna be everyone's favorite job. But if you like retail, you'll love Apple. Lots of support and benefits. And pay is better than most retail gigs you'll find.

Cons: Involved in big business, everyone is very busy all day long.
Advice: None
Pros: Only conduct big business. No small business.

Cons: Competing initiatives hampered productivity Disconnect existed between corporate and retail divisions
Advice: None
Pros: Complex, energetic workplace Shared interests created team synergy

Cons: none observed as of now.
Advice: No
Pros: Glad to be part of great team.

Cons: Management No commission Rude customers
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good. Management not so much.

Cons: None that i can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Really great environment. Its cool.

Cons: Work life balance Retail Long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts on apple products and RSU granted yearly

Cons: - expect you to do complete tasks in shot span of time
Advice: None
Pros: - Provide space to do our job - Friendly team members

Cons: Work life balance is hard at times Customers are highly expectant and rude Working with the public is not for the faint of heart
Advice: Managers are very understanding, but often times overlook the importance of staying at the ready when there is a customer issue. Not always the most organized schedules for workers so you may need to point out scheduling issues or mistakes often to get them resolved
Pros: Awesome energy with helpful coworkers A ton of diversity Generous benefits for both full and PT workers

Cons: For a company that isn’t commission based, you looked at as just a number
Advice: None
Pros: This company has Great benefits

Cons: very little work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: grind is hard, secure though

Cons: Tough schedule flexibility. Won’t get time off approved in peak season.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun people to work with

Cons: I hate how much i have to work
Advice: None
Pros: I lover the workflow with apple products

Cons: Too much leadership and no geniuness
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits and the people

Cons: - several siloed verticals within the company
Advice: None
Pros: - being the largest company, sr leadership ethos are still intact.

Cons: Can be micro managed, hard hours
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and much room for growth and more opportunities

Cons: Managers often leave a wake of firings when they are promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and learning experience.

Cons: There are no cons, the company really takes care of you
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working at Apple. Great work life balance and amazing benefits. Best job I ever worked for.

Cons: to much work from time to time
Advice: None
Pros: great space at work to be honest

Cons: Hectic when closer to delivery
Advice: None
Pros: Very professional work environment at the office

Cons: No cons. Unlimited room for growth with time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and true passion about people.

Cons: End up overworking several times due to strict deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits and good work culture

Cons: Very busy but rewarding environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: No growth options for most roles
Advice: None
Pros: Big company with lots ofresources

Cons: There are not many cons
Advice: None
Pros: The company takes care of its employees. It's built for the ups and downs.

Cons: so so wlb, too much presure
Advice: None
Pros: good brand, good product, good people

Cons: Retail so hours varied. Busy
Advice: None
Pros: Best retail experience. Good benefits

Cons: Work/life balance in retail is always a challenge
Advice: Continue focus on development, continue driving vision, continue challenging teams
Pros: Stability, Incredible People, Challenging, Fulfilling, Support from Leadership, Learn plenty of real life skills

Cons: Work holidays Work weekends Ac is always freezing cold
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits for Part-time Flexible hours Employee discounts Tuition assistance Transportation assistance

Cons: they don't care about employees at all, in all aspect
Advice: None
Pros: pretty flexible job to do

Cons: They are very focused and ridged to their process hard to find a middle ground
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good and management cares about development

Cons: Working weekends is tough but could be worse
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome team and leaders Great

Cons: Not flexible with schedule Literally just a number to them
Advice: Just care more about your employees.
Pros: Good pay Great Benefits Great Discounts

Cons: people, customers, sales, reviews, meetings
Advice: None
Pros: pay, values, ethics, benefits, people

Cons: Demanding work, difficulty to manage a healthy work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks and benefits while there.

Cons: Thankless/under appreciated work/tasks No guaranteed support Can get tedious
Advice: Support your leads, look for ways to help them grow, don’t isolate them and leave them to figure everything out of n their own
Pros: Great interaction with team Fun, fast paced workday A solid bridge to manager

Cons: Hours can be draining and flexibility can be limited. Also felt micromanaged at time because metrics were very important.
Advice: Being able to work better with various personalities and mindsets
Pros: They have great benefits and do really make sure you are trained well

Cons: Sometimes it gets really busy
Advice: None
Pros: good working environment very nice experience

Cons: No cons honestly, if there’s ever an issue that you feel the need to be address, you can literally go up to management.
Advice: None
Pros: Really amazing, care for you as an individual. Very respectable, ready to help, and supportive team and family.

Cons: They have had a horrible covid response that has placed the responsibility of policing whether or not people are following protocols on the employee. Systems of cross functional communication are often overthought and what would be a simple email at any other company turns into a whole day's endeavor figuring out who to talk to and how to do it. They treat employee complaints like customer complaints in that they push you through pages and pages of pre-written responses and often have no avenues to report workplace grievances without the fear of being fired. Meetings are overbooked and filled with conversations that are so vague they go in circles. Everyone is expected to meet growth goals while resources get cut more and more multiple times throughout the year. Things are often unexplained and have a unique process that is never explained to anyone, and even if it's a horrible process the reasoning is always "that's just the Apple way". Values moments like ethnic heritage months are more about optics than anything else.
Advice: None
Pros: HR recruiters and onboarders are very friendly and informative, but that's about all I can say was positive about my experience.

Cons: wish i got paid more
Advice: None
Pros: working at apple is great

Cons: management sucks pay could be better
Advice: None
Pros: great job with great people

Cons: Bad time off policies and subpar benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Decent place to work, horrible time off policies and money didn’t make up for customers.

Cons: There are no cons I love the job
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and hours love the company

Cons: Don’t have any cons as of now
Advice: None
Pros: really great work environment, I feel very respected and appreciated by managers and peers.

Cons: non really to talk about
Advice: None
Pros: its good, nothing but good things

Cons: Work pressure is more, sometimes work life balance not good
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work culture, transparency in everything

Cons: management retail environment overwhelming not commission based but is structured by numbers
Advice: None
Pros: discount good benefits good for career climbing

Cons: Hectic Demanding Fast pace Wlb less Mandatory rto
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Experience Brand Benefits Discount

Cons: Too many people to apply for one position
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, people are friendly

Cons: Some customers were complaining a bit but my staff are all great
Advice: None
Pros: Was a pretty good experience working there

Cons: Not too many downsides that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good job with good pay

Cons: - Painfully boring - Mediocre middle management - Not a whole lot of room for growth in the department
Advice: None
Pros: - Working for a great company - The actual job is not too difficult

Cons: Benefits not the best compared to other companies in the valley
Advice: None
Pros: Most valuable company in the world.

Cons: very poor pay for the job
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture is there

Cons: Hours for shifts were bad
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working there at apple

Cons: After few years, work becomes repetitive. Teams are closed and not much shared knowledge.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is very systematic in its approach to engineering. Great environment and work is fast paced.

Cons: Pay was terrible and not negotiable
Advice: None
Pros: Culture was great and supportive

Cons: From my experience the only con was some of the people that
Advice: None
Pros: Great job with wonderful benefits

Cons: The company is more concerned with how things appear on the outside than what's actually happening internally. Leadership is resistant to change and is stuck in an "it's always ben done this way" mentality. This is apparent in the way they have approached Hybrid working, their lack of accountability for changing processes/systems/ways of working that do not promote inclusion, and their lack of flexibility to try something new, even if it doesn't directly link to someone's road map. While I'm sure other roles at Apple might not be inhibited by these behaviors, it is certainly difficult if your role is to help create cultural change.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great company with many employee programs.

Cons: Customer that have unrealistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: The best coworkers and good support when customers get wild

Cons: Takes lots of time to learn used databases
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing experience with good work life balance

Cons: large company with lack of transparency
Advice: None
Pros: strong company culture and opportunities for growth

Cons: All middle management problems with people adjusting their focuses and management styles based on the position they're trying to move into rather than excelling in their current positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and discounts on products

Cons: No free lunch literally and metaphorically
Advice: None
Pros: Good teammates and smart folks

Cons: Difficult customers, some policies were ridiculous, not a lot of growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, worked with school schedule, decent pay

Cons: Do not pay well at all
Advice: Please improve
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: amazing benefits with health, dental, and vision insurance

Cons: Pay and benefits do not match with the stress of the job
Advice: None
Pros: The culture of the work environment is phenomenal

Cons: can get a little intense, lots of discussions before decisions
Advice: None
Pros: relationship oriented, great perks, generous pay and benefits, many development opportunities, great people to work with

Cons: retail hours, additional responsibilities outside job description, no bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay good benefits god training

Cons: Pay is extremely low for the disrespectful customers we deal with.  I bet that management does not submit incident reports for the assaults committed by customers.  Yes…physical assaults by customers.  It is worse than verbal abuse.
Advice: Stop focusing on your bonus and manage at a minimum. You have no clue what the difference between managing and leading. It is obvious you do not care about anything other than your income potential. 
The store was listed as “closed” on the website (due to extensive COVID breakout between employees, including the store manager), but the managers still allowed customers in to shop and get their devices fixed!! (Not pick up their outstanding online order or repaired device)
Pros: Benefits…if we were paid well enough to take advantage of them.

Cons: Work life balance is tough.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits with pay and work.

Cons: High school drama constantly People hate working and don't help each other People hide in the bathroom HR goes on vacation so nothing gets done when reports happen Management is asinine
Advice: None
Pros: you get an hour long lunch and discounts on products

Cons: Non-exempt (hourly) employees are and will always be 2nd class citizens. Management Is trained to mitigate employee concerns without resolving them. 
Most of management is solely concerned with their own advancements. Which I accept is what we’re all doing at work. However, they have no benefits to anyone for helping anyone else succeed. Furthermore, no punitive actions for managers with poor preforming and non-advancing team members. 
There are too many things that have built up over the years to even mention. 
That said, the largest issue facing employment and customer product and experience is the extremely biased and racist hiring. In the name of inclusion and equality they have become the polar opposite. 
People of any race or class with experience and qualifications are regularly passed over so that the company can employ some other “marginalized” group. Even if that individual sorely lacks the qualifications for the position. 
Watch an event some time. Taste the rainbow. The team photo is more important than the product or service.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, ESPP, health, retirement matching…

Cons: Very long hours and more work
Advice: None
Pros: It’s been great working here

Cons: Got unlucky with toxic line management who are constantly assigning me up to achieve goals which are lacking basic resources to achieve
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing spaceship, benefits and pay

Cons: Retail isn't for every one.
Advice: None
Pros: All part timers get health insurance!

Cons: a lot of work for little pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and good environment

Cons: Too much security and secrecy.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good. Talented eng team.

Cons: Top down culture, that drove talents out; Older facility office; Compulsory RTO
Advice: None
Pros: No overhiring; Focus on impact; WLB not bad

Cons: It’s pretty clear this place is not ideal and the land for those who were glorified phone callers who sat in a room calling developers during the App Store boom with old timers who are mostly no longer there. Once upon a time this place was ran by a bunch of old nepotism Santa Cruz yokels in a mid life crisis walking around in button up Hawaiian shirts, bragging about their Italian loafers, propeller pilot flying since Ancient Rome, and constantly hitting on younger colleagues. Stay away from this gossip valley high school. You can do a lot of research on the bad rap this department has had since 2009.
Advice: If you have any decency drain that liter pool since this place had faded into irrelevancy long time ago.
Pros: Entry level work with the Apple name on your resume. Can milk the pandemic work from home in the time being

Cons: Limited opportunities to advance within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Gain good communication skills Meet different types of people

Cons: A lot of changes recently that have growing pains
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good benefits, better people

Cons: Makes you lose focus of bigger picture
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, good people

Cons: managers are super lame and annoying
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and easy to get shift coverage

Cons: No cons in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team to work with

Cons: Limited income and upward mobility opportunities. Long path for promotion.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company training and education. Excellent employee benefits.

Cons: Terrible pay for workload / expectations
Advice: Pay better
Pros: Great place to learn , bad place to stay to long

Cons: - Management - Growth and Development
Advice: Lack of support in growth and development for personal growth. Focus on employees more and support what each individual truly values on what to grow on.
Pros: - Health Benefits - Stock Benefits - Team Work - Invasion - Values - Diversity and Inclusion

Cons: Retail is hard but fast paced and can get lost
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, pay, and people are great

Cons: No 360º reviews no 360º reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation. ... ... ... .... ..--- ..

Cons: Complicated cross-functional organization to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Loved amount of senior-level exposure

Cons: Long hours and pto could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and cool environment

Cons: Really hard to move up and pay can be stagnant.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Benefits and great work environment!

Cons: Customers can get too overwhelmed or demanding Management isn’t consistent
Advice: Be consistent Get rid of bias Do better
Pros: If you like fast paced and helping customers then it’s a great job with great benefits

Cons: nothing much the experience was pleasant.
Advice: None
Pros: good they were very good

Cons: This is dependent on your store, but management is usually not as involved as they should be. Feedback to management is rarely taken seriously, action is slow to take place.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good benefits, and everything can be learned/taught.

Cons: Difficult to get promoted within your store.
Advice: Give people the opportunity to grow within the company. Do not offer "feedback" and disregard the improvements they've made.
Pros: Fun environment, and great benefits

Cons: they've made improvements to work-life balance, but it's still retail, so you will still be required to work evenings and weekends. also there are too many part time positions. I'll add customers to the cons list. some customers are horrid. Please, when you are a customer, remember that the sales and technical support people you interact with are humans too! I see too many of my coworkers in tears, too often. Behave yourselves! We are not your punching bags.
Advice: None
Pros: competitive pay, team spirit, responsive management, excellent benefits.

Cons: Work life balance fluctuates with cycles..
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful company to work for. Big expectations and deliverables, but huge impact on society.

Cons: Long work days (sometimes), hard to maintain a work-life balance, very mentally and physically taxing depending on the role you have.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits for part time and full time employees including PTO hours, sick time, education reimbursement, fitness reimbursement

Cons: Competitive job market meaning because the company is a great company to work for a lot of people are ready to make that jump and potentially land a job here, making it more competitive for current employees to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits all around. Great developmental support and opportunities. Incredible team environment and impactful values.

Cons: Gets busy and during the holidays will be overworked. Off season you'll get less hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, coworkers are great

Cons: Entitled customers Not off on holidays Heavily survey based when you did everything you could.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and opportunities for bonuses

Cons: Poor management very bureaucratic they would rather see you take a week off and get it covered by a leave of absence than take 2 days off with a simple dr note. This makes no sense and causes lots of issues. Very clicky if u are not one of “them” and you don’t drink the cool air and agree with all their views you become an outcast. If you are overweight or have a disability they don’t treat you well. No one seems to have the answers. You can ask a manager and they will tell you to call HR and HR will tell you to ask your manager. It leaves you stressed out because you can never get an answer. You have to just guess and do your best and hope you do not get fired. This is very stressful. Lastly it is very boring as every role does the same thing all day everyday. They don’t mix things up u come in and do the same thing and deal with the same people everyday. It makes coming to work boring.
Advice: Hire managers based on experience and talent not people you like or think for the Apple mold. And instead hire people based on past experience and performance.
Pros: Good pay. Great benefits some upward mobility

Cons: Too stressful and too much work
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits and environment

Cons: Politics are trickled down from the top.
Advice: None
Pros: Great development for sales career.

Cons: Not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Really flexible house and great for working around school hours

Cons: Work is fast-paced and stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Work in a relaxed and creative environment

Cons: Somewhat stressful, for some people.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home Amazing work place culture Great support from management

Cons: customer feel entitled and it can be a bit overwhelm dealing with a lot of customers
Advice: None
Pros: great staff along with store manager, they work with your schedule

Cons: Slow Advancements but it depends on where you are trying to go
Advice: None
Pros: Can advance but will have to put in the work

Cons: says they value diversity and inclusion but only that of color and sexual orientation. they don't want you to differ in personality. all about conformity in that area.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, no real pre requisites, good benefits

Cons: They won't let me drive the Apple car
Advice: Let people drive the apple car
Pros: Very nice good amazing pay

Cons: Very hard for work life balance and the schedule isn’t set
Advice: Continue to support your employees how you have
Pros: Meet great people and learn things outside your role

Cons: frenetic, to much controlled, to much people
Advice: None
Pros: Great network, right salary and good perspective for career

Cons: The management for this program is awful
Advice: None
Pros: You're able to rotate to different positions and teams within IS&amp;T but you have to be very careful about what team you choose to rotate to -- I luckily had great managers in my rotations so far but I've heard of extremely negative experiences from others.

Cons: - Long Hours - Worked on weekends
Advice: Improve work life balance!
Pros: - Great team members - Fast paced

Cons: Customer reviews and Net Promoter system is completely rigged against the employee, you’ll never get absolutely outstanding remarks no matter how much you do. Uncompetitive pay unless you make it to corporate level. Constant hiring freezes screw over employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, solid team environment. Plenty of opportunities. Technical expertise with repairing is extremely fun.

Cons: Poor middle managers. Overtime Demanding Overload work
Advice: None
Pros: Good package and great technology

Cons: Work can be excessive sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: amazing hours, great environment, good staff

Cons: Too much work pressure, bad managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good for career growth, good salary

Cons: The culture needs a lot of work. The personalities are very passive aggressive. The management often unfair to employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and pay. Extremely supportive. Solid work environment.

Cons: Sometimes management can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits Tuition reimbursement Discounts Stock per year

Cons: Not building anything meaningful or complex
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, lots of perks and merch, workload is light

Cons: Lot of traffic Customer issues Lot of teaching Culture Alright
Advice: None
Pros: Nice Good Pay well Good benefit Nice coworker

Cons: It is retail so typical occasional rude customers
Advice: Inclusion and not choosing favorites
Pros: Product sells itself and you just advise people on what to get if needed

Cons: politics no movement favoritism poor leadership politics
Advice: None
Pros: hourly pay benefits stocks part time EPP

Cons: There so no bad things wrong
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome workspace Great coworkers Great team leadership Good benefits

Cons: Understaffed, constant stress filled environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great co-workers, benefits were top tier,

Cons: Rough work life balance. Spent many days going to the same factory
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing travel to Adidas and other countries. Get to fly business class.

Cons: Ancient technology stack that will leave your technical skills in atrophy.
Lack of uniform direction or leadership in the company, the amount of pivoting makes it difficult to accomplish anything longterm.
Huge expectation differences between SREs and developers with regard to best practices.
Complete lack of remote work flexibility, all employees must be in overcrowded offices most days of the week leading to lack of parking, long lines for bathrooms and cafeteria, no conference room availability, and cramped workspaces
Advice: Focus more on driving migrations to new technology stacks instead of keeping things running as they are in favor of continued feature development.  Allow employees the flexibility to work remote versus cramming them into overcrowded spaces like cattle
Pros: Lots of benefits
mostly nice people working there

Cons: The overtime hours are long
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Apple has a very relaxed atmosphere

Cons: Stressful calls a lot of the customers are upset for one reason or another and by the time you get the call they have spoken to 3-4 people and are almost irate. So if you can handle customers like this all day everyday then this is for you. 

You have to request time off for any and everything and sometimes it won’t get approved because you only earn a few hours of PTO per paycheck. It will be very hard to advance and if you do you will be in a role with even more irate customers.
Advice: Allow hard working people to advance into non stressful positions and quit trying to keep good employees in a stressful role they hate!
Pros: Great Pay and Benefits 
Company Perks and Discounted Devices 
401k
Great Benefits Package

Cons: None to speak of. They take good care of us.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are fantastic. Always adding

Cons: Isolated style of working Too much work
Advice: None
Pros: Money is good. Brand value is good.

Cons: Can get really busy at certain times of the year for being one of the biggest companies in the world
Advice: None
Pros: Best sales jobs you could possibly work in

Cons: Very challenging environment, depending on the store. Lots of management, which means you have to either manage yourself or be ready to receive loads of feedback. Generally fairly difficult to be promoted unless you are hitting a lot of metrics. Metrics based performance is a strong focus.
Advice: Follow through on people's self assessments (journals). Keep up to date on the emotional experience, and refocus people on THEIR goals, not yours. Metrics sell items, but experiences keep employees. Balance those.
Pros: The people are awesome, usually. It was amazing to be able to meet that many humans every day (the volume is insane for a brick and mortar retail store). It's clean, fun, and can be a place to learn a lot about technology, apps, and how to help people optimize their lifestyle. Sharpens you. You grow a lot, if you want to!

Cons: to many processes for detail
Advice: None
Pros: fantastic people to work with

Cons: Work.life balance could be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is conducive to innovation

Cons: Fast-paced environment that requires flexibility, work ethic and willingness to receive feedback
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to grow in multiple skillsets, benefits and great community

Cons: If you really want to work for Apple, go to retail or work a corporate position in Cupertino. Avoid AHA at all costs
Advice: Advisors can't handle more than 2 chats at a time. This has been an issue for the 10 years I've worked for them. 5+ chats at a time?
Pros: Good benefits but thats about it.

Cons: The culture is written and expected, but PEOPLE have to execute that culture. This is where things CAN fall flat. No pun intended, but one bad Apple in a high enough position can literally spoil an entire batch/work environment
Advice: Actually listen to reports and complaints from employees.
Pros: Great work environment, Great Team and corporate support system, Great Pay incentives, and benefits.

Cons: Bad executive team, declining product quality and revenues
Advice: None
Pros: Stimulating, very personally rewarding, good relationships with co-workers

Cons: High pressure, faced paced, rude clientel
Advice: Keep Covid Guidelines relevant
Pros: Great Job, great team, great management

Cons: Work life balance is a con.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are definitely a Pro.

Cons: Will not work with you while you are taking care of children or ill parents.
Advice: Work with people with terminal ill family members.
Pros: Great Benefits, Remote work, Decent training

Cons: the schedule is pretty rough in the retail world.
Advice: None
Pros: It's fun to meet people, and they really take care of you.

Cons: Lack of iPhone employee discount
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Work Schedule and Family Value

Cons: Since it's a remote position it was hard to feel apart of the community
Advice: None
Pros: Training instructor was lively which helped keep my attention while going through tedious bulky information

Cons: can be challenging at times
Advice: None
Pros: awesome environment to woke in

Cons: career stagnation, poor employee development, siloed and secretive
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay and benefits, smart people to work with

Cons: Hours are long most days
Advice: None
Pros: Environment is truly an amazing time

Cons: not easy to explore new opportunities within the company
Advice: None
Pros: can learn new stuff for the first year.

Cons: “Work-Life balance” is pushed heavily but it’s almost impossible to take a weekend off.
Sales job is fairly easy but you can quickly feel burned out as you’re literally the front line for one of the biggest companies in the world selling the biggest and one of the most essential products in the world. 
Lots of micro managing to push AppleCare with no kind of incentive except a nice pat on the back and a morning meeting shout out.
Advice: Employees should be allowed to take at least one full weekend off each month.
Try to implement a bonus or some kind of significant incentive for meeting to quarterly goals.
Pros: - Lots of like minded co-workers. 
- Almost always meet an interesting client.
- Pay is decent considering what the job entails.
- Very consistent training.

Cons: Not easy transferring to different stores
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Support from management Helpful training

Cons: Was a very Fast-paced environment
Advice: None
Pros: The IT team was superb.

Cons: Management, work weekends, no appreciation from management, any person is manager even someone from 7/11
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, discounts, people, Closing time, and PTO

Cons: Everything great. Sometimes not so great
Advice: None
Pros: Good pro .. every thing great

Cons: A little woke, identify politics players, excessive pandering
Advice: None doing great things
Pros: Flexibility good retail pay and cool Culture

Cons: Work/life balances are blinded by the pay and benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits in the world it seems according to medical staffs as far as my visits go.

Cons: There is no much bad things
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and life balance, nice co-worker

Cons: lots of reviews with good reason, more eyes means better products, good politicians make it far, politicians with engineering skills go further
Advice: None
Pros: pretty chill, smart people for the most part

Cons: too hard and not very friendly
Advice: None
Pros: respect love and peace , i'm really happy to be here

Cons: the micromanaging is a turn off
Advice: None
Pros: They offer great benefits and PTO

Cons: management kinda messes up, paycheck just ok
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, great colleagues

Cons: Working with the public can be very draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits A lot to learn if you put in the effort

Cons: No crazy extras like Google or Meta but can’t complain
Advice: None
Pros: Great stable place to work at with great benefits

Cons: Limited growth for part time employees. They seem to reserve most advancement for full time employees committed to Apple for the foreseeable future.
Advice: Roles that allow for vertical growth would be really appreciated by the people not in full time roles.
Pros: Working at Apple is quite the experience. The energy is undeniable, the people at the retail level where I work are some of the best I've ever met. Everybody is so different but everyone possesses the same quality that they truly want to help. I've never been denied genuine assistance and they have maintained a proactive and safety first approach to COVID which I appreciate every day. 

I'm a part time employee while also being a full time student. They are tremendously supportive with college schedules and as long as your availability meets the needs of the business, the company is more than flexible. Apple knows I will not be with them beyond the next year or two but they continue to push me to accomplish all I can and invite me to be my true, best self every day. It's a terrific experience and if you get the opportunity I recommend giving it a shot.

Cons: Apple is comprised of many teams and the orgs are hard to keep track of so it takes a long time to learn how to work cross functionally
Advice: None
Pros: My team is extremely supportive and the onboarding is paced out very well. There are a ton of resources that help you get up to speed and you definitely feel the power of working for such a large company. 

The management is great
The vision is clear 
The work is challenging and rewarding 
There is a lot of space for growth and innovation

Cons: No bad things about Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice experience of working at Apple.

Cons: No cons that I can mention.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, good pay, good environment

Cons: Business to business relationship can be hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: They go above and beyond to take care of they’re employees

Cons: When it’s not fun, you’re being judged, questioned, talked down to and also made to feel like you’re not good enough for the job.
Advice: None
Pros: It can be fun occasionally.

Cons: - Requires an onsite based workforce.
Advice: None
Pros: - Required creative solutions for it's innovative products. - Inclusive team consisting of experts in their respective fields.

Cons: Can be lots of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Rewarding work If you like CAD and bringing products to production

Cons: i didnt see any cons fo real
Advice: None
Pros: salary collective office tasks management

Cons: No opportunity to advance from home Small raises Easy to burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Opportunity for bonuses Semi flexible attendance Work from home

Cons: long hours and mediocre pay
Advice: None
Pros: nice people to work with

Cons: Frequently chaotic, extremely busy, retail hours
Advice: None
Pros: It was a fine experience

Cons: Management and senior staff are stuck in their ways and dont listen. People are constantly anxious Things are chaos They pay new people more than what they do current employees
Advice: Listen to your employees. Dont just be an empty ear, take action and fully go the extra mile for employees.
Pros: Discounts Job security A lot to learn

Cons: Moving to IT support was awful. Micromanaging (was called in for walking around for 1-2 min every hour because you're expected to be sitting and taking calls your ENTIRE shift) and irate customers gave me anxiety to the point of daily anxiety attacks before my shift. When I reached out for help or to be moved to a chat role I was basically told I was SOL. Moving to IT and being given completely different responsibilities from the job I actually applied for decreased not just my morale but all my coworkers to the point where most of us quit because it was no longer worth it
Advice: Stop micromanaging and actually provide mental health support to ALL employees, not just your valuable engineers and designers. Bragging during regional meetings about not having to lay anyone off isn't the flex you think it is when half the team leaves voluntarily due to the poor conditions.
Pros: Flexibility and pay were great for the position, and having freedom to manage time as needed was great

Cons: Scheduling is atrocious and randomized
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are fantastic

Cons: Many of the customers have an entitled attitude which was a challenge.
Advice: Stay honest.
Pros: Very strong, well managed company.

Cons: nothing to complain about to be fair
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, decent pay , chill

Cons: 1. Complicated organization 2. Segmented organizations inhibiting cross collaboration
Advice: Streamline decision making, allow collaboration,
Pros: 1. Intense work culture 2. Work on relevant problems

Cons: long hours with challenging work
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment and good people

Cons: yah sometimes it becomes stressful to much hard work
Advice: just work as one and you will be fine
Pros: good cooperate clean and nice environment always put there employ first

Cons: Job priorities change frequently not always clear how to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great Pay is competitive environment and culture are good

Cons: the pay can be better
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great highly encouraged

Cons: Working conditions, management, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: Medical, dental, paid time off, stock options

Cons: customer can be a lot at times, especially during peak season some teammates don't help out as much as they should
Advice: keep doing your thing, they have been flexible with my schedule and have helped me out a lot as I have begun my journey.
Pros: good benefits, great teammates, lots of learning

Cons: Rather not say at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great staff and perks. Cool office.

Cons: Temporary postition hired through agency
Advice: None
Pros: Good Feedback from supervisors positive work eviroment

Cons: It's a boys club Worked every weekend
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay and Great CEO

Cons: Not a lot of down time. Not enough vacation.
Advice: Great
Pros: Great people. Challenging problems. Great benefits.

Cons: there's no cons for apple
Advice: None
Pros: it is good and very helpful

Cons: Growth Opportunities Tough to grow Management not the greatest
Advice: Provide more resources Develop additional ways to help associates grow
Pros: Great Environment Learning Environment Good Leadership

Cons: Constantly on the phone for 10 hrs a day, can't be off the phone for more than a couple minutes or you get in trouble. micromanaged hardcore
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, worked from home

Cons: The hours aren’t ideal but the perks are great
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment great pay co workers are unique

Cons: The payment is low to live in a expensive city like San Diego.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits: health care, commute, discounts in products.,

Cons: Part time for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Environment was fun to work in

Cons: Fully remote, so lacked onsite experiene. Very inexperienced manager who had not lead people before. Work is very segmented where they want you to follow a robotic script, process and minimal involvement in the creative process. Would not work there again.
Advice: Train your managers.
Pros: Good energy, excitement, well-paid, overall organizational openess to explore, learn and grow.

Cons: Limited upward mobility and retail hours
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are generally good but the coffee is awful

Cons: Old vs New mentality. Very clear hierarchy according to tenure. There are few real problems but people complain about the smallest things. Gossip culture, difficult work-life balance. People seem to hate their lives. After months of thinking about it, a few other newbies agreed that it felt like high school. Possibly specific to the Austin office. Very little focus on maintaining a positive culture with depth. Shallow realtionships.
Advice: Challenge your own management and fight for things that will enrich the culture and create more connections with the teams. Free food/ events aren't cutting it.
Pros: versatile workspace (you can work all over the building, wherever you have access to), awesome lunch venue, excellent benefits, devices provided, understanding management

Cons: - hours ca be long but it is well worth it
Advice: None
Pros: - they appreciate your hard work - they are innovative

Cons: Scheduling is a literal nightmare and continues to get worse.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefits for new parents.

Cons: Retail hours can be odd.
Advice: None
Pros: Meet new people and learn a thing or two about technology

Cons: No guarantees of permanent employment after working for 4-5 months, recommendations to other stores are difficult to secure, difficult to communicate with store leaders after work hours due to insulation of communications (for good reason)
Advice: The hiring team is amazing, they really do pick the most "human" people (for lack of a better word in the retail sense) and it shows. I hear though that the quality differs from store to store, but the team at Victoria Gardens was a pleasure to work with. Getting back in after being let go feels like getting kicked out of heaven though.
Pros: Discounts on products and stocks, flexible schedule for FWE workers (Temp. Specialists), good starting pay, great training and development opportunities

Cons: “Apple culture” is all about gas gaslighting. You’ll never get it right here.
Advice: Act like a real person.
Pros: It’s nice to work with kinda and intelligent people

Cons: Long hours work weekends holidays
Advice: Learn to utilize all your workers
Pros: good relationship with co-workers. good health benefits

Cons: Limited retail options leaves for few opportunities to move to corporate
Advice: None
Pros: People care here! Lots of growth

Cons: No downsides to think of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good experience

Cons: Difficult to move up. Always given vague feedback as to why you weren't promoted. There isn't a work/life balance. You're held accountable for other employee's mistakes. No weekends off. Always short staffed. Budgets for store use are very low which means you sometimes can't even get a new shirt.
Advice: Take care of your staff. They work hard, even when burnt out.
Pros: Health / Medical benefits are good

Cons: stay in your own lane
Advice: None
Pros: worldwide, culture, products, services, integrity

Cons: It is a demanding job, can be stressful at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple provides amazing benefits, and a lot of growth opportunities.

Cons: not enough repair time; spread out with customer interaction
Advice: None
Pros: Abilitiy and education to instill comfort within doing repairs on your own. you do have someone holding your hand. they provide you with training to gain proper confidence for any repair necessary.

Cons: No incentives like commissions, and hard to compete with pricing compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: Hours are very long unfortunately
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for apple company

Cons: Too many to list honestly.
Advice: None
Pros: Few if any and I wouldn't recommend.

Cons: vacation time had to be accrued
Advice: None
Pros: employee discount was pretty good

Cons: There’re not upfront and can be sneaky
Advice: None
Pros: They let you take breaks, and are super helpful.

Cons: Hard and it needs attention
Advice: None
Pros: Great job but challenging and difficult

Cons: Retail…nuff said. Sometimes politics in the way
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and flexible schedule.

Cons: no growth no advancement opportunities
Advice: give more pay when more work is done because there's no incentive to work as hard as possible when colleagues can get by slacking doing minimal work
Pros: get to meet some really nice people

Cons: Lacking in growth opportunities or clear career paths
Advice: Learn from the last decade of tangible proof that remote work is the future, that not knowing how to move forward towards a better future isn't a reason not to.
Pros: medical, dental, vacation time, sick time, annual raises

Cons: Mentally exhausting Heavy phone calls Every second on the phone is monitored
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Company culture Great management

Cons: Certain areas are resistant to change
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful people, great projects, very much a community atmosphere.

Cons: Not bad at all great company
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: Run for the hills just kidding it’s fun

Cons: Nothing love the place so much oay is good
Advice: Yayyyyyyyy
Pros: Best place to work friendly environment

Cons: Hours can be long, busy are are REALLY busy
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits, employee discount

Cons: Same process for internal and external candidates. You have to inform your current manager before the interview Good luck If the new role is nor on your location
Advice: Allow more permanent remote roles Ease the internal transfers
Pros: If you land a job on apple products or services you get to write history.

Cons: It wasn’t likely I’d get hired on full time due to amount of workers
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of great benefits. Great team. Love the values

Cons: no work-life balance multiple managers no community feeling
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Bonuses vacation days

Cons: Pay - for a company making as much as apple, salary is somewhat low Taxes are different than most companies Lack of transparency
Advice: Don’t sell dreams, be honest
Pros: Work life balance Easy, stress free work

Cons: Must be very comfortable with ambiguity
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of autonomy, shared vision, and very supportive teams.

Cons: There are no cons in my opinion.
Advice: I’d ask management to be a little more transparent with the promotion process
Pros: Great Pay. World class benefits. Opportunity for growth and education. Great people.

Cons: the only bad thing was my hours
Advice: None
Pros: good job with nice pay

Cons: Upward mobility limited/ extremely competitive
Advice: None
Pros: The people, benefits, meaningful work

Cons: Hours are difficult at 50-60
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced and lots to learn

Cons: Schedule is brutal. Have to use vacation days sometimes just to get weekends off. Some favoritism/accommodations made for employees if they complain about their schedule enough which makes it harder and harder for everyone else just to get time off on the weekends or earlier shifts. Hard to see a long term career in retail management when schedule is so hard to get regular time off with kids or partner.
Advice: Please please please get rid of the Lead job and instead hire more managers. Or, assign the same priveleges to leads on top of comp (such as ability to work remote/vpn provisioning). Its hard to grow and network when the only time you are able to do this is in the store when you can access email/systems, etc, where you are expected to spend much of your time customer facing.
Pros: Great, I mean, GREAT benefits. Bump in RSU grants since you are apart of leadership. Really competitive hourly rate. Different types of sick or time away pay so that you only use sick time when you are really sick (other than with Covid-19)

Cons: consistently didn't provide a better working environment
Advice: None
Pros: consistent on their promises of a better working environment

Cons: Can’t think if anything in particular
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome team, culture, and opportunities for growth

Cons: *have to stand constantly *company culture felt forced and fake *not much opportunity to move up
Advice: *
Pros: *flexible *ok health benefits for part-time, but not the best *stock options are great *good about breaks

Cons: Soul-crushing and mind-numbing work for an evil massive corporation. Coworkers were vapid and brainwashed and Apple-obsessed. There was nothing interesting or exciting about working there.
Advice: If you’re a manager at Apple you’re probably not smart enough to take any of my advice seriously
Pros: Good benefits, good pay, relatively easy (albeit incredibly boring) work

Cons: long hours for some people
Advice: None
Pros: good time for some people

Cons: -it’s retail so you’ll work weekends/some holidays
Advice: None
Pros: -great pay -great experiences -great benefits -work with amazing individuals -most holidays off

Cons: not much but growth is limited
Advice: None
Pros: benefits health 401k options leave

Cons: A lot of the managers will tell you company jargon to compete with your life issues. Most people call it the "Applesauce" lol. 

A little bit less Micromanaging would be nice.
Advice: None
Pros: The best part of working at apple to me was my peers. So many different people with different personalities. Everyone is also very willing to help you if you need it. 

Training is great, a good amount of time to get up to speed, and growth is exponential at Apple.

GREAT benefits package.

Cons: Expect to work more than 40 hours a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a hardware first company where engineers have all the tools and support needed to do their best work.

Cons: Return to office policy Nothing else
Advice: None
Pros: Strong company with deep pockets Exciting work

Cons: - Potential for permanent positions may require relocation to another store
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive starting pay - Flexible Scheduling - Access to Apple Park and Gym - Apple Discounts

Cons: Deal with a lot of wierd
Advice: None
Pros: High pay with a friendly working enviroment

Cons: No cons at all. Reccomend
Advice: None
Pros: Just a great place to work

Cons: Retail hours -unwillingness for PTO sometimes "Needs of the business" come first and foremost
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are great for both health and incentives Higher pay than most comparable jobs

Cons: I don’t feel as though I had any cons to working along side Apple employee!
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working with technology and the Apple community to build my skills working with technology and community!

Cons: The facility did not have a good schedule
Advice: fix the schedule
Pros: The health insurance, tuition reimbursement, cellphone discount, computer discount and travel expense was phenomenal.

Cons: Retail schedule, and some difficult customers.
Advice: Continue to listen to your employees and provide balanced support and scheduling.
Pros: Amazing benefits even for part time.

Cons: Too much work i was lazy
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and very nice people

Cons: Retail hours can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Open, progressive, room for growth

Cons: retail can be tough, fast paced at times
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, positive work environment

Cons: Locations, upward movement, suggestions, not too many issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Work schedule, pay, benefits, people.

Cons: Hours are not that flexible, high demand for retail stores
Advice: None
Pros: Love the company culture. Made some really great friends.

Cons: I can’t really think of any
Advice: I don’t have any advice
Pros: You get an iPhone so

Cons: Can’t really think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for all levels

Cons: No cons working for this job
Advice: None
Pros: Working from home is a benefit

Cons: nothing bad really good honestly
Advice: None
Pros: good all around not bad

Cons: -schedule is not up to the employee if you are full time
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefit. - good learning opportunities

Cons: Very results driven, you will be pushed to your limits, yet will learn along the way.
Advice: None
Pros: The opportunity to grow and advance in your skills, and closing techniques.

Cons: Long work hours a lot of times
Advice: Improve work life
Pros: Love the benefits here. Rto is 3 days not bad

Cons: do not have any cons thank you
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great benefit package

Cons: You need to inform manager when switching job
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and collaboration, clear goal.

Cons: Pay could certainly be more competitive. It's not bad, but it's just enough to not really complain but not enough to be able to comfortably invest and afford to live comfortably in high cost of living areas.

RTO isn't ideal but its not the worst.
Advice: None
Pros: The people have been extremely nice. Like nicer than most places. And Apple clearly cares about its people. So it's nice to be somewhere where you dont feel like you have to don a mask just to get through the day.

Cons: poor hours and angry customers
Advice: be consistent with rules. Get on the same page
Pros: Pay and stock options are good

Cons: Prejudice for new comers. Which honestly comes with all companies no matter where you are.
Advice: None
Pros: People have passion over the products. Driven and productive culture.

Cons: Bad in some instances too as well
Advice: None
Pros: Swell in some ways too

Cons: no work from home arrangements at my location
Advice: None
Pros: Products and innovation you get exposed to, benefits, and like-minded people to work with.

Cons: Weekends Low pay Difficult to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Stock Learn from great people Flexible schedule

Cons: can't think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: Apple pushes metrics very heavily. So much that it affects the quality of customer service advisors can provide to customers.
Advice: None
Pros: Good job for college students. Just not long term.

Cons: Sometimes work load can be high
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and pay for the work

Cons: store leaders can be great or terrible
Advice: None
Pros: the benefits and the people

Cons: - It’s hard to move up in the company
- HR is really not much help during the hiring process. Their communication to applicants is awful and they always come across disorganized. Example - I applied for a job once and never heard anything back. I figured I didn’t get it. One year later (not joking here), HR reached out to me about the role and if I’m still interested. I said yeah, and moved forward with a HR screening and a writing assessment. Again, didn’t here anything. The whole experience was frustrating.
Advice: Take more of an initiative to take interest in the work your direct reports are doing.
Pros: - Encouraged to work independently
- You’ll be give work that challenges you
- Management is supportive of your career goals and interests 
- Good opportunity to really learn a lot while in your role
- People take the extra effort to do a good job and to help each other

Cons: There are no down side
Advice: No advice for management
Pros: Really nice and very nice

Cons: I was overworked, overstressed, lost my ability to communicate with others because of the ratio of jerks to customers who knew how to treat you like a human being. Company makes you feel bad for taking time off and doesn't make a proper work/life balance possible.

I have family who has gotten to the corporate levels of Apple and the work/life balance doesn't get better.

I have friends who left for other Apple stores and they had the same experiences.

Beware. You need to have a STRONG will to separate work from life to survive this job, at least at the "specialist" level. Also, I hope you like upselling because if you don't do it enough you'll get a talking to.
Advice: Treat your employees better. Encourage them to take their sick time and don't guilt them when they do, or ask more questions then you should be. Stand up for your employees when they're being hassled, and be proactive about assisting them - don't wait for it to get so bad that they have a breakdown.
Pros: I made a handful of friends and learned to keep an eye out for companies taking advantage of me.

Cons: No commission for making sales in
Advice: None
Pros: You get good benefits like health and dental

Cons: Sometimes needs clearer guidance from management
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive of employees future

Cons: long hours, customers, technology, things, ya
Advice: None
Pros: good people good team, engaging

Cons: None right now can’t think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome place to work at

Cons: the wages could be better
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits for even their parttime employees

Cons: Little to no work life balance, long hours, not worth the pay if you can find a better team or company. Blindsided by manager and higher ups.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool company to work for and have on your resume. Great pay.

Cons: not as welcoming as they make it out to seem
Advice: None
Pros: pay is pretty good, as well as benefits

Cons: -Customer Service focused - Metric based for things regarding poor performance - Poor Work-Life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits - Great peers - Depending on the store leadership is caring

Cons: can be boring From time to time when traffic in stores are slow
Advice: take advantage of all the benefits they give you
Pros: Product Discounts, easy job, makes connections, fun, stock plan

Cons: Daily commute was a headache.
Advice: None
Pros: A decent employer over all.

Cons: It is onsite option only.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting projects and great teamwork.

Cons: Demanding at times, could be giving last minute work
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, remote, good environment, flexible schedule

Cons: The Job is very boring
Advice: Give me more money so I can pay my bills
Pros: Very helpful colleagues and employers

Cons: Salary can be a bit stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty nice and easy to do

Cons: There is mandatory overtime. They require you to multitask and expect the same result as if you were focused on a single task.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is positive. People are usually excited to work for a large company that pays reasonably.

Cons: called me gay and stuff
Advice: stop
Pros: it was a solid experience mate

Cons: Work life balance is an issue with Apple retail. You will be working alot of weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent attention to detail. Solid pay, and great benefits.

Cons: Too much middle management and competition among the ranks
Advice: Quit playing favorites
Pros: Looks good on a resume

Cons: Nothing at the moment besides response time can be better
Advice: Thanks a lot for the opportunity
Pros: At home training and always helpful to us

Cons: Pay scale is from the 1940"s
Advice: Pay more and respect the staffs work
Pros: Relaxed environment and friendly staff

Cons: I didn’t like working there
Advice: None
Pros: It was good to work there

Cons: odd work hours and excessive word load during some parts of the year.
Advice: None
Pros: excellent teamwork and remote working

Cons: very high pressure environment for deliverables
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and learning environment

Cons: Salary is not as expected for a full-time compared to other companies I guess
Advice: None
Pros: The team I interned with has a good working environment and nice people

Cons: Can’t think of any right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good team good pay !

Cons: Little to no cost of living adjustments. Very hierarchical corporate structure that makes it difficult to get certain approvals.
Advice: Cost of living adjustments.
Pros: Good benefits. Decent pay given the position. Enthusiastic teammates.

Cons: lots of competition for job
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and benefits

Cons: It's retail, you are going to deal with impossible-to-please customers and hectic days where the store is always so packed.
Advice: Give some of your people some time on the weekends to relax and take time to catch up on their mental health, working at Apple is not always rainbows and sunshine, ESPECIALLY in the retail setting.
Pros: The benefits and people are always the core for working at Apple, on top of working with some of the best tech in the world.

Cons: Some micro-management for store metrics, some inefficient processes throughout the store.
Advice: None
Pros: Management inspires growth and teamwork, opportunities for internal movement

Cons: Too much work, high working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, high growth, benfits

Cons: not applicable not applicable NA
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and great benifits

Cons: Work/Life balance. No commission on the products you sell.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of room to grow within the company. A ton of resources to help you grow.

Cons: If you are not willing to relocate to one of their campuses don’t even bother. They are laying off AHA across the country
Advice: Stop switching managers so much. Try to stay more constant with teams and mangers
Pros: Paid time off and they really took care of their employees during CovID

Cons: -Extremely hard to advance, particularly out of your current department -Pay raises are given as flat rates except to a few employees -Pay discussions are extremely hidden and taboo -Disparity of pay between female/male employees -Inflexible with working remote exceptions
Advice: Please actually listen to your employees and provide actionable, working feedback instead of fluff.
Pros: -Excellent benefits, including stock options -Astounding on-site campus benefits including local medical staff -Approachable management

Cons: - a lot of young people, take that how you will - inconsistent hours &amp; weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: - some of the most amazing people I’ve ever met - mentors &amp; leaders that care about you as a person

Cons: weekends you must always be available
Advice: keep on doing what they’re doing
Pros: benefits that apple offers is great

Cons: Too many people hired for the same job
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work timings and culture

Cons: Customers are often verbally abusive
Advice: None
Pros: Meet new people, employee discount, positive culture

Cons: Won't be your life career
Advice: None
Pros: Depends on your coworkers. Some room for promotions but pay increases not too significant.

Cons: The hours you have to work
Advice: None
Pros: They have a great benefit systems

Cons: Can’t think of any at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Great management and upward mobility

Cons: They apply so much pressure and expectation on getting apple care and business as if we receive commission but we don’t.
Advice: Work on communication
Pros: You get stock benefits from the company

Cons: Very competitive when applying to other roles within company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, flexibility, and environment. Get to help everyday users become more productive.

Cons: Coworkers called out so much that I was working shifts by myself.
Advice: None
Pros: You were only really working on macs. Didn't have time for anything else.

Cons: No cons what so ever
Advice: None
Pros: We get to scam people for repairs

Cons: Retail stores can offer more support for growth within the company
Advice: N/A
Pros: One learns a lot, benefits are great

Cons: Management, Messy, unfair pay, illegal activity
Advice: None
Pros: Perks, stocks, discounted phone bill.

Cons: Retail- a lot of standing
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Awesome team members Great career advancement

Cons: There have been many changes that seem to be in the interest of money that have never been an issue before.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, nice environment, helpful team, many resources

Cons: Have to work 24 hours a week and only weekends
Advice: N/a
Pros: You get discounts, and you could get stocks at a very low price

Cons: A lot of work , but it can be great
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Very busy and too much pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Comfortable and each meal is delicious

Cons: no support thru covid pandemic
Advice: None
Pros: quality ingredients for producing meals

Cons: No cons from my experience
Advice: N/A
Pros: People Culture Products Growth Management

Cons: The amount of structure and mentorship throughout the research process is highly dependent on the lead PI/PhD student.
Advice: None
Pros: Great support for undergraduates interested in research!

Cons: Limited flexibility with remote work
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good resources, good credibility

Cons: More instruction, would be helpful
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid, nice people, decent food

Cons: Off time Sick Break time
Advice: None
Pros: Salary Stock Rsu Happy hour Lucnh

Cons: not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: learned a lot while working there

Cons: Work weekends Schedules are not consistent
Advice: None
Pros: Part time Benefits Discounts Competitive pay

Cons: Time off request is not easy
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work. Great atmosphere

Cons: bad stuff for the people
Advice: None
Pros: good stuff FOR THE money

Cons: You are the verbal punching bag for Apple.
The customers are awful &amp; panic-inducing.
Apple does not have your back when customers threaten you.
No room for growth
You have to bid for your schedule and it's 100% based on surveys or CSATS. 
TM's will lie and say it's not, it is.
Below average pay for the scope of technical support AHA offers 
AHA is the redheaded stepchild of Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: I think some of the kindest people I've met work at Apple.
The pay is above average for call center work.
Remote

Cons: - working on your feet a lot - no other cons
Advice: None
Pros: - positive work environment - employee benefits

Cons: low pay, no respect, boring work
Advice: None
Pros: relatively easy job, normal hours

Cons: Not all upper management is fully vested in their teams. At many times it seems their focus are in other places which causes a negative down trickle effect on lower level employees.
Advice: Have better accountability on upper leadership. Test their business knowledge on what they do and low performers will stick out like sore thumbs.
Pros: -Competitive pay -Hard work is recognized through stocks and bonus -Amazing teams

Cons: 9:30-6pm shifts are so long
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, alot of supprt

Cons: Can be stressful based on your personality type
Advice: None
Pros: Super smart and friendly people Tons of things to do

Cons: None I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place with a lot of benefits.

Cons: To much focus on "business" which seems just like solicitation with extra steps because it's all pay to play Not enough focus on the employees growth, just how much they can squeeze out of them in terms of sales
Advice: None
Pros: Great job if you're just graduating and looking to add a valuable skillset

Cons: Not fully buying into Remote work, believes employees need to be together to allow for innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Best leadership from CEO, COO, CFO, Board as well as Senior VPs. Company fights for what it believes in. Invests and plays to win, not to be second place. Top benefits in the Tech Industry.

Cons: flexible to work at apple
Advice: all is good
Pros: good to work at apple

Cons: Stressful environment, too many customers to handle
Advice: None
Pros: Big company with good perks

Cons: At the end of the day it’s a retail job.
Advice: Be more transparent with the employees.
Pros: Great culture and has the best benefits.

Cons: No good work same old work in loop
Advice: None
Pros: job security Discounts on apple products Stable stock price

Cons: Long hours and not a lot of work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Your coworkers Motivating environment Pay and benefits

Cons: -PAY | AppleCare advisors are underwhelming underpaid. For the same work I have found jobs paying $10k more a year than I make after 7 years. Apple employees should not have to apply for food stamps in order to survive. 

-WORK LIFE BALANCE | It is nearly impossible to have a work life balance when you have a family and it is absolutely impossible to have one if you are a single parent. AppleCare will not move into the 21st century when it comes to flexible schedules.

-WORKLOAD | AppleCare senior advisors have a large workload which would not be a problem if they were compensated accordingly 

-ENVIRONMENT | AppleCare has a toxic an environment when it comes to employee moral and the overall mental wellbeing for employees. They will have yearly surveys that they ensure will change the culture and management never implements what employees suggest and this has been the case for 7 years
Advice: Actually listen and implement what AppleCare advisors have been begging for over 7 years instead of implementing polices and procedures that have no positive impact on the overall employee experience.
Pros: -Good benefits - Health Care
-Looks great on the resume

Cons: Management wasn’t that good and
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and pay and

Cons: Minor cons can be unseen
Advice: No
Pros: Go to the YouTube channel

Cons: Very long hours and stressful job
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of learning, Perks are great.

Cons: Over worked Layers of management Painful decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Good office Healthy food

Cons: Long hours at times but not really a con when you’re rewarded for great work
Advice: None
Pros: I absolutely love being a part of apple!

Cons: Some people are overworked there
Advice: None
Pros: The company has great products

Cons: Sometimes i had too work too much and it was hard
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has a very supportive structure it was good to work there

Cons: - - - - -
Advice: None
Pros: - flexibility - pay - work environment - management - staff

Cons: I have no cons! Great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Great growth opportunities and daily challenges.

Cons: Hard to let go of
Advice: None
Pros: Best job ever, seriously ever

Cons: You can not set your schedule so you'll need to be very flexible.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and Company is amazing to work with

Cons: Promotions can be difficult when applying inside the company. They tend to hire for higher positions externally
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to have during college as it offers a good work/life balance

Cons: Weekends Hours Long Hours Holiday Hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits Stock Options Good People

Cons: very hard to keep a work life balance, have to work 8 hours on the weekends, a lot of micromanagement
Advice: None
Pros: the benefits were very good!

Cons: I'm not requires a lot of internet speed
Advice: None
Pros: They offer a good setup for first time employment

Cons: long shift long shift long shift long shift long shift long shift
Advice: None
Pros: growth growth growth growth growth

Cons: work life and balance may not be for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: great WLB Return to office is great

Cons: I really don't have any complaints with the time I spent working for Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the atmosphere. The supervisors were all caring and supportive.

Cons: When I tell people I work at Apple they say "quit bragging"
Advice: Notta
Pros: Good work-life balance - I like to stare at birds in my spare time. Some people call this 'bird watching' but I like to call it 'staring at birds'. I like birds.

Cons: Not a variety of tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits Work from Home

Cons: not the most flexible hours
Advice: please make the schedule easier to understand and be more inclusive
Pros: Great benefits and nice enough people

Cons: There weren't really any cons that I would say so myself.
Advice: N/A
Pros: I loved my coworkers a lot.

Cons: -scaling up sometimes can be stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: -great benefits -employee stock program -career experiences within the retail space

Cons: -with that said… biggest con is : working on the weekends. All day. I was with Apple for 4 years, and I rarely got to spend a full day with family or close friends.
Advice: None
Pros: -The health benefits!! Apple employees get some of the lowest copayments when visiting the doctor/ hospital. 

-The culture in the store varies depending on where you’re located. My experience with management in the Lincoln Park store in Chicago was not good at all, but in Brickell City Centre in Miami… hands down some of the most supportive managers I’ve ever had. 

-Friendships built in both stores were amazing and I’ll cherish them.

-Major flexibility with school schedules/ parenting schedules.

Cons: Little room for growth in retail environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, and competitive pay

Cons: I have no complaints about apple
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, they work with you.

Cons: work life balance is hard with no weekends off
Advice: None
Pros: The Benefits are really good.

Cons: Bad hours No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. Great benefits. Great opportunities.

Cons: It’s retail and there are disconnected bosses and bad hour/customers that feel unavoidable.
Advice: None
Pros: They have good values and try to treat employees well.

Cons: Huge network.. needs more managers to cover ground
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home. Hybrid if you like

Cons: management had some work to do
Advice: None
Pros: It was mostly elderly people coming in

Cons: Retail hours are not for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: Career Development t is there if you drive it

Cons: a little chaotic sometimes, as some portions of the company are less driven by success given the eternal appeal of the iphone
Advice: a little more structure would help
Pros: during economic downturn, apple is stable is profitable. The technology and co workers are great.

Cons: For the amount if work required and the relationship maintenance needed to be successful the pay could be better.
Advice: all the benefits that the other departments get should also be included for this role. for example relocation incentive is not something that is offered but should be.
Pros: Work flexibility is something to take away from this role. Knowing I can perform this role from anywhere in the world with internet access is comforting.

Cons: a lot of overhead and is a very old style company at times
Advice: None
Pros: You have a lot of good benefits, and discounts, depending on team dictates a lot of things

Cons: No opportunities to grow beyond this role.
Advice: Look outside of the department you are currently in for growth opportunities.
Pros: Team environment with lots of opportunities to focus on people development!

Cons: WLB is terrible. Project management is not good. Everything is in a rush.
Advice: None
Pros: Great/knowledgeable coworkers. Well-known comany. Employee Discounted product.

Cons: Can get hectic at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and place to work

Cons: Strict with time management - not flexible on work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good people in retail level - opportunities to learn

Cons: Two Companies. One Name.

Apple Retail is treated as a separate company even though it's not.
Leadership is concerned with profit, sales, and metrics.

The people don't matter even after the creation of the the "People" organization. Granted - in Apple Retail the leader of Retail is the People department - because that's where most of the employees are.
I'm sure life in Apple Corporate is hunky dory.

Cons for Benefits?
If you needed a vacation in the Retail arena? Boom - we ain't got time for that.
Local Leadership- Oh you don't like to sell things? Let's promote you to customer.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros on Benefits? Most benefits were outstanding. If you wanted a discount on a product? Boom - 25% off one item per grouping. If you wanted to adopt? Excellent, here's some money for that. If you had a transplant? Excellent, have some money for that. If you had health issues? Excellent, here's some time off for that.

Cons: - Top-down culture - Intransparency - Limited flexibility - Toxic culture if you are in IS&amp;S
Advice: None
Pros: - Real user impact if you can land your project

Cons: no free food, minimum perks
Advice: None
Pros: stable company no layoffs till now

Cons: Very fast paced environment, brutal about sales quotas
Advice: None
Pros: Worth the money, room for growth, easy work life balance

Cons: nights, weekends, holidays are required
Advice: None
Pros: do not need tech experience, retail/customer service experience is preferred.

Cons: Retail hours in a mall.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: -Stressful - this is a metrics and customer survey-driven role. You will need to assist customers as quickly as possible while ensuring the Apple experience remains intact for the customer. 

-Facade - this is in the minority, but some folks from more senior roles are more interested in keeping appearances and advancement than assisting you. Again this is in the minority, but enough to mention.

-Resources - this company does a fantastic job of pumping out resources to their workers to help with everything from career advancement to personal well-being. However, the resources are spread out over dozens of different sites that could benefit from some considerable consolidation.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility - allowed to modify the schedule to fit your educational needs.

-Remote Work - tremendously helpful, reduced commute, and more time at home with family.

-Great Pay - the company will occasionally adjust pay if the cost of living dramatically increases in your area.

-Great Benefits - being a massive company, they offer various benefits.

-Great People - you'll encounter many career-driven folks that are willing to give you advice on succeeding in your role.

Cons: - Very cutthroat and burn out is extreme
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of great benefits including ESP 401k and healthcare

Cons: Intense, long works depending on your group, not much bottoms up decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Great place; innovation, smart people all around

Cons: None it’s all real nice
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company to work for with a-lot of benefits and great work life balance

Cons: too much competition for the same position,
Advice: None
Pros: worked from home apple perks

Cons: Return to the office bad
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, good pay , wlb

Cons: EXHAUSTING Get's old Politics Racism and bias in store leadership/management/corporate Management plays sides (ALWAYS) Unionizing Ostracizing
Advice: Not even worth it. I sent Tim Cook a message and got fired for it.
Pros: Total Benefits Employee Friendships (Excluding Management) Certain leaders truly go above and beyond and will support you

Cons: Secretive/Silo'ed Fast-paced, have to build complex features with tight timelines
Advice: None
Pros: High level work Top quality engineering practices Smart coworkers Nice office Growth + learning

Cons: Too demanding for the pay no room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Co workers are nice and it’s very team involved

Cons: Team culture is totally opposite to company culture. Very toxic team environment, never encouraged for cross training and change of responsibility.

People around you working on same things for more than 5 years. If you ask for change in responsibility or cross training manager would decline. Manager expect you to work on same thing every day. You would have no motivation lack of new responsibilities and challenges. 

Very micro managing by manager feels like you are working in store as an hourly employee so you have to answer for every minutes you worked on which task. You need to take permission from your manager for 1:1 with their managers.

You have to include your manager as an optional in all meetings you schedules with your stakeholders so your manager keep an eye on you.
Advice: Please do not make anyone as a manager if person does not qualify for manager without lack of leadership quality or vision. 

No matter how intelligent your employees are without good manager you will not see great result.
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay
product discount
Great company culture but not in all teams.

Cons: Bad Leadership and worst RTO mandate experience
Advice: Listen to your employee and treated them as actual human being.
Pros: Brand Name of FAANG. Impress your future employer

Cons: MOST TOXIC PLACE I HAVE EVER WORKED!!! Idk a single person that hasnt worked for them that hasnt developed some type of mental illness from the stress and unreachable expectations that they set for you! For the amount of harassment and added on job roles that you have no choice but to do they do not pay enough and heaven forbid you seek help for the stress they will make it as difficult as possible. The harassment and cult culture is toxic and manipulation, gaslighting at it finest do not work for these people
Advice: redo everything
Pros: Working from home and health care was good

Cons: i have to clean stupid toilets.
Advice: None
Pros: its great pat and benefits.

Cons: Nothing so far not bad
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work company culture

Cons: -Prides on being solely to help the customer but pushes numbers towards the employee despite customers being satisfied. -Scheduling can be a bit finicky sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: -Fantastic benefits -Generally good work culture -Management pretty good (varies from store to store)

Cons: No bonuses No tips allowed
Advice: Increase pay to increase positive results
Pros: Above minimum wage, increases quarterly

Cons: Work and home balance sucks
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, and environment

Cons: Depends on the store your in
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay !

Cons: Sometimes you get overwhelmed with all the appointments you have to take.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. I feel as though management at the apple is amazing.
Pros: Supporting team around you at all time.

Cons: Retail job and it's stressful at times
Advice: Fixing the scheduling
Pros: Good Benefits for friends and family Learn a lot from the job

Cons: Company wants people to work on site but does not offer enough pay to survive in the expensive cities where their offices are. Management basically said sorry but go back on site or leave. When I tell people I work at Apple, they imagine I have a decent life, I really don’t. Can’t see my future here.
Advice: Advocate for your people if you don’t have the power to change the system.
Pros: - Big company
- product discount 
- RSU
- smart coworkers

Cons: Customer prioritization over employee mental health
Advice: Re- introduce previous roles to those who show consistent feedback on new role performance Employee mental health value over customer satisfaction
Pros: Benefits Team Hourly pay (Highest in a “retail” space) Time off health insurance stock

Cons: should make more programs and remote work available for those who wants to work from home. as well as international program for those who wants to work over sees
Advice: when new employees become specialist, the training should be understanding and help for those that needs to be worked on
Pros: amazing skills sets that they teach. Very diverse with their community. have amazing program and networking when to find new paths to a career.

Cons: Not looked any cons yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent working environment for productivity.

Cons: Too much work and hard work
Advice: Accept young developers
Pros: They are good people and they are beautiful

Cons: They dont promote from within
Advice: None
Pros: This is a good company

Cons: Not too many cons in this position.
Advice: They're doing great.
Pros: Great company to work with.

Cons: Bad, not very fun I just want to check out salaries please
Advice: None
Pros: Good, kinda fun really cool

Cons: High traffic conditions in a very social setting
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours. Great management. Great team.

Cons: Salary is not good at all.
Advice: None
Pros: People are very very nice.

Cons: None at all other than
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay for entry level

Cons: High school and get the year
Advice: Be good
Pros: Good nice fine with me

Cons: Stressful and call after call not very flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Not very flexible

Cons: don't have too many cons, good job overall
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, great benefits, great training

Cons: Some bad people and bad boss
Advice: Please check the employees some times
Pros: It make good money and I love to be as a it engineer

Cons: nothing, this company is amazing. love Tim Cook
Advice: None
Pros: loved this place to work! It was awesome

Cons: bad management in some areas
Advice: Work life balance
Pros: fun projects with good people

Cons: weekends, holidays rude customers , depends on the day
Advice: None
Pros: good job, freindly staff, they want you to advance

Cons: This position is not compensated fairly as opposed to other positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits to choose from including stock options. Take advantage of perks to get ahead in your career.

Cons: High stress situations. Angry customers.
Advice: Protect the workers mental health. Put up a block system for problem customers.
Pros: No college degree needed. Flexible hours.

Cons: Some emoployees are very uppity
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, lots of interesting work going on

Cons: it have good and sharp minded team
Advice: i liked it hope u 2
Pros: so this company is awesome

Cons: - Sometimes grueling work
- You can work extremely hard for years and then find out someone who just started is making more money than you
- You and peers that stand up for pay transparency and better conditions will be criticized and told you should be grateful for what you get
- Management can overlook employees complaints of racism by other workers or customers as well as not take harassment claims seriously enough
Advice: - Hire more disabled people and truly listen to your black and brown employees when they share experiences of racism in the store 
- Do not wait to replace someone in a leadership position that is harassing employees 
- Do not criticize employees for demanding a fair wage or the internal advancement they work tirelessly for
Pros: - Was able to have fun on the job! 
- Management is encouraging 
- Super supportive internal system to support me while I was struggling with chronic illness 
- Great benefits 
- Made many friends
- Diverse team of employees

Cons: It's intense and very knowledge based
Advice: None
Pros: The Mac computers we got alone were worth it

Cons: It could take years to move to a leadership role. No more promotions once you become genius.
Advice: None
Pros: Once you reach genius you’ll be able to work on all apple products

Cons: better than most jobs out there during school.
Advice: None
Pros: jobs got great benefits and part time hours are great to have free time during the week but also picking up shifts if you need it!

Cons: The hours for working in a mall can be hard to manage long term
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to learn

Cons: Weed is not allowed on Apple Campus and that is why I am no longer employed by them.
Advice: Allow weed.
Pros: Really enjoyed being around innovation, some of the software engineers can be mean but thats ok. Food was dope.

Cons: Pay is a bit low
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are great work/life balance

Cons: no nap time for me
Advice: all ofg it
Pros: free phone when i ewant

Cons: Co-workers lack proper education about the products being sold, small internal spaces for workers at retail stores, and lack of amenities for the retail environment.
Advice: Educate your workers to provide better customer service.
Pros: Safe job to have, lots of benefits, and a very relaxed working environment.

Cons: Do not Use Windows Laptops
Advice: Great Management
Pros: Great Company To Use Thier Macbook

Cons: Partner store employees may not like Apple so it's crucial to build good relations.
Advice: None
Pros: Kind People. Good Part-Time Benefits. Very accommodating schedule for students.

Cons: Compensation is a sore point for every single person on my team and for everyone I talk to on other teams. Business claims to pay the competitive market rate but as people leave in droves we learn they find much higher pay for similar roles across the board elsewhere in the same city. More and more outsourcing taking place to save on paying employees a living wage. A recent “generous” attempt to raise wages and appease people managed to go lower than total inflation this year so was effectively a pay decrease in terms of purchasing power for most people. 

HR plus the outsourced business that does all the paperwork seems to be designed to help Apple rather than the employee. Heard dozens of sad and frustrating first hand experiences from direct co workers about being ignored or made to fill out complex paperwork to het help. I’ve witnessed a few (but not all) managers being confrontational and unprofessional. The public image is far removed from the extremely negative vibe in office exacerbated by the snails pace that the business has in addressing any of this, often with people forgetting all about things before a resolution . 

Offices are colorless, lifeless, dystopian grey/white/silver with a splash of “art” of a phone or computer product here and there, so it makes a fairly miserable place to spend time in. Outside is much nicer but the heat is too much to be out there a lot and there is very limited shade for outdoor seating.

Inflexibility on work from home feels silly after doing it well for 2 years. No real rhyme or reason why some people get to work at home and others to not on the same team.
Advice: Treat employees like humans (not disposable robots), support them, and pay the real market rate. Have better ways to share feedback often from employee and really listen. Overhaul the office culture from top to bottom.
Pros: The stock plan is excellent and the campus services are top notch - medical / dental / gym / vision all on site. Restaurant used to serve great food at reasonable prices and might do again one day (was very reduced post-covid). 401 k match also solid. Facilities are modern and easy to navigate. Leave generous for US companies even if it’s a bit behind some direct competitors.

Cons: Nothing really wrong with it
Advice: None
Pros: 👍nice wow good cool very

Cons: no cons observed during my tenure
Advice: None
Pros: great work environment for beginners

Cons: Simple but exhausting due to the many personality types you deal with. Constantly talking all day is draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Simple work. A career experience opportunity that lets you apply to corporate roles.

Cons: A lot of favoritism and unfair key performance indicators to the job
Advice: Training the managers better since they often communicate in a clearly scripted way
Pros: Good benefits and a diverse work environment

Cons: neat but hard and not good
Advice: None
Pros: Salesforce Architect good work job fun

Cons: you work weekends every week
Advice: None
Pros: same schedule every week, tuition reimbursement

Cons: I don't have anything negative to say
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty nice company to work for

Cons: It may be overwhelming as a lot of customer come in, and none of them are the same. You have to care a lot about your customer no matter what and push towards satisfying their needs and wants.
Advice: Just be yourself and be friendly. None of the management hates you nor wants to bash on you doing something wrong. They'll help you with everything that you need, all you have to do is ask.
Pros: With the amount of customers that come into the store, you're able to broaden your communication skills by using what you've learned throughout your training and applying to real situations. You learn about different devices that are either recent or new.

Cons: hire better managers. Management micro manages a lot and pushes services on to customers way too much we used to not measure metrics before but now it is all they care about so management can get bonuses. priortizes customer over employee journey. does not care if u are sick. if there's people waiting which there always is they will gaslight you into working through your pain
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and great pay

Cons: Wages are nowhere near covering the cost of living.
Higher management does not listen to employees. 
Food insecurity following low wages.
Management sells the vision of our roles being important and impacting people all over the world, yet expects us to live on feeling proud of our work, when it is money, not pride, that pays our bills.
Everyone is soon to be forced back to the office destroying any modicum of having real work/life balance.
CEO and his sycophants pride themselves in breaking barriers yet do not see that their employees are unhappy, that remote work helps in productivity, and would ultimately save the company money.
Advice: Remove Cook and his followers, replace them with someone who actually puts employees needs before investors, after all, it’s employees who create the value, not investors.
Pros: Medical, vision, dental insurances.
Requesting days off is quick and approved 99% of the time.

Cons: Not many of any at all maybe my 10K Securities book that makes it hard to understand what 2 trillion in cash and 16 billion in company stock has to do with when I get paid. I keep getting transferred to the teachers department?
Advice: Maybe that has something to do with me only after being one of the smartest people in technology whether getting paid does matter only there is little game involved especially working for myself and someone sometimes.
Pros: I have a worlds record for computer programming that compared to professional researching analysts.

Cons: Work life balance no movement
Advice: None
Pros: Stocks pay rate benefits time away

Cons: It’s hard to move up in retail as there are a ton of part time workers but only so many full time positions. Your best bet is to try to get an internship(Career Experience as Apple calls them) and look for more advance opportunities in other parts of the company.
Advice: Sometimes my manager makes it hard to take advantage of resources we have rights to including paid time off or sick leave. I had covid without any severe symptoms and my manager said since i’m not sickly that i couldn’t use sick leave for days I would be forced to miss due to covid. Also asking for days off seems like i’m asking for $20,000 in borrowed money. But i’m sure that’s just my manager and not company wide. 

The pay when I started was about $17 an hour but for all the responsibilities we have and considering Best Buy starts at $15 I feel like I should be payed more.
Pros: They provide a company phone with service, pay for Apple Watch cellphone coverage, $300 gym credit, and great stock purchasing options

Cons: Unable to switch the process you want to participate in easily.
Advice: None
Pros: Preferential benefits and treatment. Working with smart guys

Cons: Low salaries compared to company profit.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits and great perks.

Cons: A lot of people believe they know everything when they don't. Sometimes unorganized because people can't communicate effectively. Managers don't give you much freedom.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, the latest tech, and great pay.

Cons: I would say the schedule isn’t that great
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Stocks options Good pay

Cons: Corporate climbing can be difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits and socials

Cons: slow to move up managers don't care about you
Advice: do better at the development of the workers
Pros: flexible work schedule great benefits great pay

Cons: This is a company that strives to be the best. Not really a con.
Advice: None
Pros: The team trusts employees and gives freedom to create your own schedule.

Cons: Feels redundant sometimes but that’s the nature of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Great people amazing package and work

Cons: Stress management didn’t do their job
Advice: None
Pros: No real pros other than money

Cons: No cons for this job
Advice: No advice
Pros: Really liked good working there

Cons: Pay was not good, and also work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, management and athmosphere

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent technology and brand value

Cons: the pay is below average for the work you do
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced environment Opportunities to learn Stable company

Cons: Hours are extremely long during peak season.
Advice: None
Pros: Money is good when working overtime

Cons: Cutthroat competition and toxicity. Sexism.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay, great office space

Cons: Management doesn’t always listen to employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, everyone is supportive and understanding

Cons: immature coworkers, strict time keeping
Advice: None
Pros: travel stipend, educational reimbursement, decent management

Cons: Mobility within positions and permanence can be a bit awkward to approach.
Advice: Use the entire repertoire of creative resources both personally and at the Apple stores to make it entertaining and comfortable for employees to operate in what can sometimes become congested spaces for hours on end without sitting.
Pros: Lots of resources to help guide through information. Friendly team mates, thorough interview process. Great benefits.

Cons: The scheduling is a little spontaneous
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay at Apple

Cons: It requires too much work
Advice: None
Pros: I love the beautiful building

Cons: The time commitment for a part-timer can come close to that of a full time position.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple's culture is great at both an individual and team level. It was great to have time for personal development with the aid of a wide range of tools and leadership feedback. Great benefits and opportunity to pursue passions.

Cons: Cons aren't it's in a factory...
Advice: Every year always only good working...
Pros: This is a factory 🏭🏭 very interesting and great.

Cons: Busy work environment and requires you to multitask on a different level some days.
Advice: Hire the best person for the job not someone who meets a metric.
Pros: Benefits are the best I've ever received. (I've also worked fulltime for Amazon)

Cons: The general public is the worst
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Decent pay Solid team

Cons: Schedule Work-life-balance Time off Responsibilities Early start
Advice: None
Pros: Culture Atmosphere Pay Benefits Ceo

Cons: customer traffic can be high and a lot of work
Advice: None
Pros: its okay and decent benefits

Cons: Everything was good, no complaints.
Advice: None
Pros: Clear brief and workflow, efficient online communication.

Cons: Challenging to Stand Out and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, diverse and very challenging

Cons: no cons at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Good, flexible, pay, PTO, benefits

Cons: The managers are awful. Yep
Advice: None
Pros: They pay you on time

Cons: Very bad horrible miserable and underwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: Very good great amazing wonderful

Cons: Culture Work life balance Opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Intelligence of those around

Cons: hours, commute, busy, people. customer service
Advice: None
Pros: Environment, people, atmosphere, hours, pay

Cons: Management can be prone to favoritism and in severe cases retaliation. They aren’t great at recognizing the employees who actually work hard and want to provide a better a culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and starting pay for a retail job.

Cons: Annoying staff of management that works there.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job Hard to mess up job

Cons: Lack of staff, management isn’t the most supportive, it’s retail so customers are a big con at times
Advice: Rules should be applied to everyone, specific people get away with things from specific managers
Pros: Coworkers are great, pay and benefits was good compare to other PT spots

Cons: Too many libs. Tough work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Work was easy, so yeah.

Cons: Schedule is horrible and so are the availability of time off
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is great so are the people

Cons: The occasional bad thing and other items of similar sorts
Advice: Management bls send help
Pros: Good stuff and things of the sort

Cons: It could have been a better Company
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good company.

Cons: Can get overwhelming during holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Scheduling Amazing Team Learning / Growth Opportunities

Cons: Nothing at all, it was a great expirience
Advice: None
Pros: Everything was up to the standart

Cons: no cons to report here
Advice: give me more time off
Pros: good place to wrk in

Cons: People expecting you to do more than you can
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture. Hours are on demand

Cons: No discounts for AOC speaking events without really sucking up.
Advice: Share paul and nancy pelosi's investment portfolio at every orientation.
Pros: Communist manifestos are in no short supply. They tell you how to think.

Cons: Workload can be daunting at times.
Advice: None
Pros: High standard ethics. Doing right by the customer and growth opportunities.

Cons: Can be tiring, wear out employees quickly
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, expects a lot from you

Cons: Hours, management, work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: People, pay, facilities, technology, free food

Cons: Short dead lines and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic challenging work environment fun

Cons: micro managing and rude customers
Advice: None
Pros: professional and easy going also very beneficial

Cons: *Management * Pressure from Management
Advice: None
Pros: * Pay In Boise * Health Benefits * Stock Options

Cons: Bay area location is terrible Paying higher salaries outside bay area when compared with bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance Great Comp Great company culture

Cons: -Overall direction of new leadership and management. Prioritization of metrics and statistics. Although these stats were always important (they are factored in to determine pay increases), I've noticed newer leadership change how they treat different employees over small changes or minor trends in sales metrics (Applecare,trade-in, accessories,connected).

-Work-life balance is not well for a full-time role. Hours are long and can be tedious, working long is expected and rewarded. For college students, I would've recommended a part time role, but even then the schedule inconsistency and still high commitment would only be for those who can effectively balance the two as equal. I was burnt out and ready for something new after about 2-1/2 years, many will stay for years, some decades.

-You are taught that the Apple experience is about doing what's right for the customer, within the boundaries of what's possible for the company. Often, even a straightforward and legitimate solution (the one our service guide recommends) involves jumping through many hoops to get the customer,leadership,and system to all agree. As a starting specialist, you are the professional hoops jumper, especially at the genius bar.

-Consistent issues with in-store software and hardware, internal tools and services going down, loss of written notes and repair details. Service blackouts are usually minutes but can sometimes last for hours. Daily re-write ups of unsaved repairs or broken repair chains. Extreme lack of production due to these problems, usually amplified by the higher amount of customers we saw at our smaller and less employed store.

Slight anti-union attitude, but no outright call against them. We saw other large stores in cities unionize, I know some of my fellow employees weren't opposed to the idea given the dissent from work-life balance.
Advice: -New management is treating many employees differently, doing favors for them or their customers, or prioritizing them for promotions based on sales statistics. This is something that was trending worse before I left. 

-Solutions are becoming more restrictive, higher cost, almost no room to work with customers and leadership. Often, we are just button pushers on an ipad.

-Recent high turnover at our GB and larger stores unionizing are proof apple retail has changed significantly since reopening post-lockdown.
Pros: -You will work with some fantastic and creative professionals, everyone is kind and very welcoming. The company culture is good, although it can be a bit corny or repetitive at times.

-Excellent benefits and free/discounted Apple services, products etc. Great coverage for insurance and family options available, lots of little company perks. Good stock options, RSUs, occasional bonuses. 

-Competitive/higher than average starting wages for retail space.

-Room to really grow and work your way up in the retail space. Getting promoted/role change is hard work but would pay off well for those looking to lead their team. Many options available for those looking for a career experience at the corporate level after being successful in your current role.

-Great loyalty to and from their employees, although sometimes this means we just 'do whatever corporate thinks we should'. During store closures amid the pandemic apple had all of us work our full hours remotely on collaboration and individual and group projects, great to see them take care of us like that compared to many other retail spaces.

-Genuine joy from helping others often at no cost (depending on hardware/software issue) and repairing trust in Apple's products and services. A personal passion of mine.

-Some new minor benefits and lower schedule requirements for employees coming soon (mostly in response to work life balance issues, see below).

Cons: Apple products are too expensive, they should send me some apple products for free.
Advice: If you want to become a good manager, I would advise you to practise self pleasurment to increase your and your teams productivity
Pros: Awesome to work at apple

Cons: depending on location opportunity to move up is difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Open communication, pays well, great team depending on location family vibes

Cons: - Poor management
- Proper raises were only ever considered after losing 2/3 of our team in under a year
- Being a giant corporation, resolutions to issues come at a trickle
Advice: Management should treat their staff with more (or, in some cases, any) respect. Employees have been told over and over that they aren’t good enough for leadership opportunities unless they move to other stores. Managers are continually demeaning to employees, using gaslighting tactics to try and squeeze anything extra from people eager to prove themselves and move up in a company most of us were excited and hopeful to work for. The least offensive trait I see from management on a regular basis is just laziness; constantly shoving employee needs onto other managers, or refusing to do overrides because we are supposed to be watching how many we do. Respect will go so much further than condescension.
Pros: - Decent discounts
- Good staff
- Good benefits

Cons: have to work weekends longer shifts
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work great benefits

Cons: Not enough time off to be able to request
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and nice staff

Cons: Not flexible working hours Little remote opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Great company Great benefits Leadership is best in class

Cons: There is always a constant pressure to make sales and accessories
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers and managers are very supportive

Cons: Fluctuating Hours Co worker accountability
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to Prove Yourself Learn About Business

Cons: not so great supervisors, not only
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, yes great pay

Cons: No cons from me great organization
Advice: None
Pros: I love to Work from home

Cons: There are no cons for Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: I love Apple and its culture.

Cons: Management was rude and unclear, training was trash.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid schedule and campus environment

Cons: No Weekends, Annoying customers, Management can be poor
Advice: None
Pros: Prestige, Money, Benefits, Coworkers, Stock

Cons: product solutions,include hardware and software,
Advice: None
Pros: customer service,provide full solution,make sure the customer journey goes well.

Cons: It’s retail and that isn’t always fun
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people good hours for the most part

Cons: The environment is very much "how can we get you to work as much as a possible" - most jobs thrive on work/life balance. Apple Retail's is all talk. Working in the Genius Bar, they mostly care about how many appointments you can take.
Advice: None
Pros: This company can provide high compensation for a retail job and opportunities to create a great future for yourself. Especially if you do not have the education or experience background.

Cons: Timeline and workload can be very stressful due to insufficient hands on deck. Situation seemed to have improved after my departure.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging and fast paced, lots of smart people to work with and learn from.

Cons: Retail hours are challenging. Plenty of nights and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing. Great place to learn, grow and work on yourself. Benefits are stellar.

Cons: Minimal raises, slow upward movement and even harder lateral movement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and great campus.

Cons: Maybe a little too laidback at time
Advice: None
Pros: Very liked the work culture and team mindset

Cons: No cons to think of
Advice: Na
Pros: Learned a lot Good management Good team Good environment

Cons: Horrible management that did not have proper core values and good morals.
Advice: Be more diligent with how you speak with teammates.
Pros: Great opportunity for customer rapport and customer relationships. Room for career development and clear representation of diverse community and company culture.

Cons: You have to be willing to be on your feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: They really take care of every individual and I believe they part in effort to make sure they put the team over the customer. Best training I’ve had in any job.

Cons: Long hours and stressful work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Managers were very Kind and respectful

Cons: not much focus on revenue but certain aspects and services are pressured to push on the customer and that can get annoying asf
Advice: stop letting the bonuses that you receive but we do not, influence your emotions on how we perform. we're doing our best damn, give us a break
Pros: pay, benefits, team, freedom to work independently, no commission so no pressure to sell certain products

Cons: No cons to working there.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and opportunity for advancement.
