Cons: The schedule changes every 90 days and you have to bid for your shifts so you never know what you are going to get. This makes it extremely hard to plan your life to far in advance. You are also pretty much assured to work a Saturday or Sunday.
Advice: The management consists of a team manager and their area manager. Meetings are held over video and chat. They are supportive of individual development and help you to reach your goal. Management will challenge you if you want to advance but it's always in the spirit of making you better to prepare you for the next role.
Pros: The position is at home. The company is AMAZING. There are limitless advancement opportunities. You work with some very cool people and the leadership cares about your development. You may get coaching but you never get battered or belittled. The pay is decent and the benefits include, 401(k) match, stock purchase options, product discounts and discounts on services across many different areas, education assistance, child care assistance, paid vacation, sick time and other time off options, health club Reimbursment or bike cost set off. You get 1.5 time for OT and it's pretty much unlimited as long as you don't exceed 12 hours in a day or 59 total in a week.

Cons: Your work schedule, though flexible, is set for anywhere from a 3-6 month period. The pay is excellent but the environment can be very stressful. Management is mostly competent and helpful, but a few bad eggs do make it through. Reaching out above the normal escalation path is frowned upon, so getting to your boss' boss is difficult without them knowing.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment as you get to work from the comfort of your own home. The people you meet and work along side (though strictly via video/text chat and email) are amazing! Everybody believes in fostering growth and enhancing your skills. The type of dynamic most folks have with their Teams and Managers is inspiring. Working for Apple made me realize a lot about myself in order to become a better person.

Cons: My only complaint is that Apple is hiring so rapidly into my department that we all have to share an office with another employee.  Perhaps when we move to the new "spaceship" campus I'll get a private office.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Apple currently offers competitive salaries and benefits, interesting projects, smart colleagues and a comfortable workplace.

Of note is Apple's contribution to the 401(k) plan.  For the first two years, the maximum matching contribution is 3%, but increases to 4.5% after two years of tenure and to 6% after fives years of tenure.  Other employers such as Oracle and (before the Oracle acquisition) Sun offered only a 3% maximum matching contribution.  And the Apple matching contribution vests immediately, unlike for example HP where the matching contribution vests only after three long years; incredibly, HP will confiscate its matching contribution if you leave HP for any reason prior to three years.  Apple won't.

Also, Apple's medical insurance is top-notch, easily besting for example the medical insurance of HP.  With HP's lowest-deductible health plan, a $3,000 MRI will cost you $750 out of pocket ($500 deductible plus 10% of $3,000 less the $500 deductible) whereas with Apple the MRI will cost you nothing out of pocket.  Apple's medical insurance is among the best that I've seen in Silicon Valley, and rivals that of Oracle and Sun.
