Cons: -Toxic environment amongst peers leads to constant negative exchanges on Slack, iMessage, etc. and a lack of respect for your personal boundaries
- Command and control culture where executives are put on pedestals for topics they are not experts in, while actual experts' opinions are frequently suppressed 
-Company mantra is "do what's best for Apple" which plays out as secrecy and mistrust amongst your own colleagues and a serious lack of opportunities for external / public engagement
-No time for developing new skills due to constant desperation from stakeholders
-Extreme turnover leading to complex projects and tools changing hands multiple times. Nonetheless, there is an expectation that the whoever takes over can immediately speak to disorganized, poorly passed down work at an executive level
-Unsustainable number of "pre-flights" and scripted rehearsals for interactions with Director and above - as an individual contributor, you can expect to routinely have 3-5 (or more) pre-meetings before all leadership meetings. This makes it nearly impossible to keep up with the individual contributor workload.
Advice: Do a better job fostering trust, and lead by example by showing that you trust your own experts. Make a deeper effort to encourage work-life balance and bringing one's whole self to work. Not just on paper - empower folks to speak when they feel their time and energy are disrespected, and enforce consequences for individuals who exhibit hyper-aggressive behavior.
Pros: -Absolutely brilliant colleagues
-Network is second to none - this leads to new opportunities which, ironically, contributes to high turnover 
-Product discounts are the best I've seen anywhere including innumerable discounts for family and friends
-Thrilling to see your work in people's hands everywhere you go 
-Senior management is very accessible, therefore if you have an exceptional idea it will be funded and you will be recognized

Cons: Apple wrongfully terminated an employee who showed evidence of them being pursued and being manipulated and lied too. And left that person with no information for over 3 weeks or asked for any other evidence. They chose to fire them without having all the information and having misinformation. That coworker was terminated with false information and misplaced info given to apple. They used that person to set an example due to just a few weeks before that investigation a news article came out of apple that apple has failed to handle harassment conduct. That co worker was set up and had all the evidence and they still chose to fire that employee. But the other party involved nothing was done to them and they broke business conduct. The other party she sent nudes to a coworker without asking, pursued the male coworker making it seem like she was interested in them, and would express how she liked them. To then claim she never was into them and there were messages to prove. But because the man did not make the claim and was manipulated into thinking he was liked he was turned on and terminated under wrongful terms.
Advice: Actually look out for their employees, they're a lot of misconduct that happens at the workplace daily and no one says a thing. People are actually harassed and do not know how to handle it. It not only women but men are actually manipulated too at work and then used as examples or being set up.
Pros: some pros are Pay, benefits and stock purchase plan.

Cons: Apple is not a normal retailer. Retail workers create tickets for emerging tech issues, complete complicated repairs, overcome extremely angry customers on a daily basis, and many other complex and ambiguous tasks, but are still paid as though they fold jeans or sell hammers (having close friends within clothing and home goods retailers, the pay is within 5-10%). The work is not equitable with the pay. While there has been a focus on DEI, and elevating minorities, Apple does not have many pipelines for upward mobility from within Retail. Unlike myself, most teammates are unable to move into leadership within 5 years of starting at Apple. 5 years is a career-lifetime in our modern business environment, so Apple loses many skilled people who want upward mobility.
Advice: Being part of Retail Leadership, I see the lack of communication and alignment between Retail and Corporate offices. The bridge between retail and corp decision makers are Market Leaders, who spend little to NO time on sales floors, assessing processes, progress, and feedback, which means the messages that are translated between both sides of the business are very muddied and ineffective.
Pros: Apple has a very competitive pay and benefits structure when compared with other retail locations. Apple is laser-focused on DEI, which has been helping to elevate under-represented community members. Apple retail workers are largely educated, and interesting individuals. It's a fun environment

Cons: Biggest con is the hybrid model. Apple needs to understand they are loosing a lot of great employees because of this. We are taking other jobs that are offering a more work -life balance with full remote work. 

Hate the open floor concept especially in People Support roll when you have to be on the phones all day long. 

People Support is just a call center with a focus on how fast you answer phones, how many cases you close per hour and week. Supper off putting. We strive to make it a great employee experience but we are constantly yelled at and treated like garbage by other employees who forget we work for Apple too. As much as we strive for a great employee experience for those who are contacting People Support, People support team members are not getting the same.
Advice: Love to see the phone system gotten rid of completely.  Everything can be done digitally.  Stop with the current metrics system and bring it back to a more human aspect.  People Support Specialist position is hard work day in and day out, working with Apple employees it take a toll on us mentally and emotionally.  Why throw in this terrible metric system to cause more hardship.
Pros: Apple has some great benefits. Healthcare is top notch. 

Awesome maternity/parental leave. 

Great paid holiday schedule very inclusive

Lots of time off around the holidays 

People Support management/supervisor team is fantastic. Never had a leadership team care about me as much as they did.

Cons: - Lack of empathy at times from top down Sr. Leaders - Having to protect your direct reports from people looking to blame others - Performing well and ethically requires far more then 40 hr weeks - It's the only place more political then the Whitehouse - Ego prevents real growth of internal organizations and strongly impacts front line employees
Advice: - Never speak ill of anyone, it will get back to them - Know your ethical limits in regards to your direct reports, you will be pushed by Sr. Leaders to blur those lines. Nothing illegal, but may make it hard to sleep at night - At Apple more then anywhere, high moral equals high output and Apple is all about output. Keep your directs happy and they will deliver, but to do that you will take beatings from Sr. Leaders. It's a culture of more stick and less carrot
Pros: - The training provided to leadership will prepare you to work anywhere in CA - You are pushed to your potential - The amazing relationships built with direct reports - Being ahead of the tech if you are a huge Apple fan

Cons: No advancement opportunities within retail.  If you become a genius there is a chance to land a corporate role, but the cost of living offsets the financial reasoning to move.  Many associates complain that they were working themselves to the bone but saving less than they did when in retail.  Managers are absolutely oblivious to their staff; self absorbed with their ambitions ferociously guided by their own career ambitions.  The management is daft, insincere, unhelpful in any regard, and absolutely metrics obsessed.  They only want to know about metrics os they have something to say to senior leaders to make themselves seem intelligent/productive, when in reality they just hide in the managers office throughout their shifts shifting all of their work onto Leads and other team members.  There is no access to sunlight within the building and the air quality is rancid due to all of the people being isolated within the store (no windows, only one large entry door where guests enter).  Seniority puts you at a higher risk of termination because Management wants to save on payroll.  Managers have no respect for individual associates; only team metrics.  Company culture is dissolving faster than that raccoon trying to wash his cotton candy.  
Advice: Stay on the sales floor and contribute to the metrics that have become the primary focus of retail.  Avoiding being on the sales floor or even in the building doesn't help anyone.  
Pros: The pay is just enough to keep you from leaving.  Clean environment.  Plenty of training in your respective role (if requested).  The employee stock purchase program (ESPP) is the primary reason to stay employed.   

Cons: The store manager of the Atlanta, GA stores created something called a ‘scorecard’ which made working at Lenox mall Apple VERY difficult. It was a very competitive field, even if it didn’t seem like it. There were a lot of associates giving back handed compliments, cherry picking customer sales, and even doing sexual favors to stay high on the score card. A LOT of associates were unhappy with how things were being done and all they did was stress about this scorecard, even outside of work. Associates felt like they couldn’t give feedback on how they were being treated because at any moment you could be pulled aside and told ‘your not doing too well on the scorecard’ and suddenly higher ups are keeping a more watchful eye on you than they should. When dealing with sale issues, They try to make it seem like they’re on your side when you need help with something and you should of “gone to them sooner”, yet you went to several leads/experts before with issues and yet they still look at you like you don’t know what you’re doing somehow? They barely know their associates when they think they do
Advice: Get rid of the scorecard, there are a lot of illegal and disgusting things associates are doing to stay high on it and I frankly don’t think The original creator of Apple, would be proud to know you’re implementing a toxic work tactic. Mind you the scorecard doesn’t even exist at other apple locations outside of Atlanta.
Pros: I had a great work-life balance, you get benefits as a full or part timer, pay is great, they offer snacks/food &amp; you get frequent breaks to take a moment to yourself

Cons: Company has changed for the worse over the last two years. I&amp;D culture has swung the pendulum too far one direction so much so that it’s virtually impossible to get a promotion unless you view the world and yourself through the lens of indentity politics. Merit, team buy in,  results, and performance aren’t weighted at all through the application and interview processes. The worst employee in the company could get a promotion if they carefully architect the words they say in the interview. The words in the interview are all that matter. They say this is to remove bias and even the playing field for external candidates. Unfortunately, we have not been hiring good external candidates for any role since we started returning to work in 2020, especially in leadership roles.
Advice: Merit, performance, and results should be paramount in the interview process. Not stories. Start training repair technicians offsite again. Online learnings alone are creating technicians who continuously break customer devices. Vet your external applicants more. Don’t buckle to the union pressure. Stop letting the entitled 18-24 year olds who don’t know anything about the real world bully you around. Return to your old culture. If they don’t like the culture that made us successful, back in the days when our stock actually grew consistently, then they can take a hike.
Pros: Great pay. Great benefits. Sometimes there’s snacks.

Cons: High expectations: Apple is known for having high expectations for its employees, which can lead to a demanding work environment. Long hours: Depending on the role, working at Apple may require long hours, including evenings and weekends. Competition for promotions: Because Apple is a highly sought-after employer, there may be competition for promotions and opportunities for advancement within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative and dynamic work environment: Apple is known for being at the forefront of technology and innovation, and this is reflected in the company's work environment. Employees at Apple have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects and products that are shaping the future. Great benefits: Apple offers a range of benefits to its employees, including health insurance, 401(k) matching, and employee discounts on Apple products. Employee development: Apple places a strong emphasis on employee development and provides a range of resources and opportunities for employees to learn and grow in their careers.

Cons: Naturally, the standards are higher which means you are expected to perform at a higher standard. Additionally, they are very strict about attendance. It's okay to take PTO and sick-leave and there's other options for taking time off but they make it very clear that attendance is essential to working at Apple. Additionally, they expect so much out of you and your improvement that I feel is not fit for some people. All-in-all, if you're the type to be super passionate and throw yourself at your work, that's great. Otherwise, you might struggle with the job.
Advice: I think Apple is doing a great job with their management. I haven't had any issues whatsoever only positives. My manger actually feels like a leader who inspires me to do my best and to continue improving.
Pros: So many growth opportunities within the company and great pay. The managers care about the employees and won't give you a hard time for taking some well deserved PTO or Paid-Sick leave. There's a lot of support to grow within the company and it's a very healthy work environment. The benefits are also fantastic.

Cons: Customer support is known for burn out, and Apple is no exception. You will have decent schedules, but you will have tight metrics to meet and remote is a dwindling role in the company.
Advice: Move your star advisors into better fields, fight for higher wages for your staff as they are not keeping up with inflation.
Pros: Apple is a great company to work for, they provide a lot of rotations and opportunities if you are close to their sites. (CA, TX, NC). The At home advisor position provides that flexibility but once you hit T2 senior support you won't be able to move to other positions easily. If you are close to their campus then you have a MUCH easier time moving into alternative roles. I was able to work as a project manager, and a team manager, but every role required me to move and unfortunately I could not make that move at the time.

Cons: While you drink the cool aid and don’t question anything life can be amazing, what doesn’t last long when you share your feedbacks - one of the companies policies - questioning certain abusive behaviors and the level of distress caused by this work. Being part of the 5th avenue store and one of the Portuguese speakers, became a major trauma of interacting with anyone speaking Portuguese since I left the company, as the harassment and abuses you must endure are quite overwhelming. They hold you under the believe you may eventually move to a corporate position. But sooner than you imagine you realize that There’s no career projection - unless you work on Genius Bar.
Advice: Use your own feedback police and listen your teams. If Cupertino have to dictate the work flow and anything around this company,  they should be ready to see the lack of working conditions offered on the main flagship worldwide.
Pros: The feeling created by the company makes you feel valued and part of a big team. The fast pace environment teach you skills that are quite unique.  The team is great and you bound with peers that make your days easier and manage the overall stress

Cons: I worked there for a long time and witnessed the work environment and ecosystem change. It used to be people-based, both internal and external, but now it's more profit based which lost the luster of working for a company that used to be a very customer-oriented company. Don't get me wrong they were one of the more supportive companies during COVID, but overall the company's beliefs and dynamics have changed.
Advice: Re-invest in your people. Your actions no longer mirror your credo. You need to read the credo again and see where you are lacking in support of your retail team. When your team thrives, your numbers grow. It goes hand in hand.
Pros: It's one of the most exciting companies to work for and they teach you a lot about how to interact with people through communication and setting the right expectations.

Cons: -Poor raises -Good Ole' Boy system (it's who you know that will get you ahead) -Have to be a yes man to succeed -Terrible flexibility after Pandemic
Advice: Let managers decide who can work from home. You cannot lump everyone together and say they need to come to the office to collaborate. There are other divisions at Apple such as the call center AHA who work form home permanently and they collaborate and perform just fine. Many employees in the Bay Area do not get a livable salary and are forced to come to the office instead of being able to move away and work remotely to an area they can afford to live. Apple shows that they are all about the world and helping people but then they do not support their own employees. Just look at the union busting efforts in retail.
Pros: Salary is good, fun people to work with

Cons: Leadership (so I hear across several stores) is sub-par. I have experienced colleagues mistreated more times than I can count. In retail, we are regularly subjected to harassment and abuse from customers with little to no support from leadership. There is no commission, and no real opportunity to negotiate pay. For a company worth almost $3 trillion, we should be paid much more, especially in flagship locations in NYC.
Advice: Listen to your employees, genuinely, and without following up with excuses. They are easy to see through, and it is clear that business needs are placed higher than employee happiness in the list of priorities.
Pros: The company stands for a lot of great things - helping the environment, giving opportunities to underprivileged communities across the country, and more. The team of peers can be very tight knit and it is a joy to see the people you work alongside every day, in spite of the lack of leadership and the abundance of customer service issues.

Cons: Late hours, doubting there will be many opportunities to advance or move up. I kind of feel like I might be stagnant for a very long time which is a bit frustrating.  I work in Apple retail if that helps. If you are thinking about applying I say go for it and see if it's for you. If it is, great. If it was great at first and then isn't for you anymore you still would have had a fun and unique experience.
Advice: More career opportunities, make sure they are announced to everyone so all can have their fair chance while taking in mind that someone may not be able to check their work email because they are out of store or on vacation or only work part part-time or whatever the case may be. These should at the very least be announced in messages in WorkJam so that everyone gets the message at the same time and has the same amount of time to prepare and everyone that is interested in a position or internal store experience can have that opportunity. Equally. Currently that does not happen and that isn't very fair or inclusive.
Pros: Great company, people, and benefits. Pay is decent too.

Cons: Lots of politics if attempting to promote within the retail environment. Day to day you are encouraged to keep learning growing and make mistakes. But those mistakes will be remembered and more than likely used when evaluating your suitability for promotion. When promotion time comes they not only want someone who can do the job but someone who either has no reputation ,as in new and unknown, or gets along with everyone and is a favorite of all (yes literally all the managers) one wrong move in your time there could be impossible to overcome. This is not just my experience but that of coworkers who received the brush off for promotions.
And by the way if you work part time expect to do “self development” to keep up with trends another 20 hours a week if you want to keep up with everyone else , if you work full time expect to work and extra 15-20 hours on “self development” to keep up and meet expectations. Unless you do this and then some can you expect to even have a chance at a promotion in the retail environment. Your level of conformity will dictate your success.
Advice: It might be suitable to approach serving employees the same way customers are served. In most cases the customers are always given second , third , even fourth chances. Culture is not aligned in this specific respect when internal promotions are sought.
Pros: Great Benefits, environment that nurtures growth and self development, above average pay, great discounts.

Cons: Use to be pretty good, but over the last 2 years there has been a shift in culture at Apple. No work from home recently which is absurd.  Senior leadership is full of themselves, delusional and out of touch with reality. No one wants to be in the office, and collaboration can be done with Webex and internet access as the pandemic has shown. Middle management comes in may different types, and styles. Most of them agree with those complaining, but have no power to stop or change anything. A lot of turnover and reorgs. I've been through over 20 reorgs in my time at Apple.
Advice: Start listening to your people. This isn't a dictatorship. It is a democracy. Work from home is the future. Reward your people who have been here for more than 10 years, along with  paying new ones extreme salaries instead of just the latter. Stop saying collaboration only happens in the office and that is your reason for forcing people to come in 3 days week. Don't pick those days, let people pick. Be flexible and praise your workforce. We are people, not machines to push around.
Pros: Good pay. Fun projects, especially for those that are technical and can lead themselves.

Cons: -Post covid, has thrown employee health and mental health aside
frequently falls behind other members of the industry on pay rates only to shore them up when that fact is revealed.
-Family atmosphere can lead to abuse of good will and sense of obligation
While you can give feedback freely, very little is actually done with your opinions
-Despite not being a commissioned sales environment, sales people are treated as though they are and are constantly pressured to meet increasingly aggressive sales goals.
-Company has abandoned goal of providing amazing service and custom tailored solutions in favor of selling more and attaching services.
-Slowly letting go of company culture. Where it was once a bastion of oddball nerds, encouraged to be quirky and fun, it is now being normalized. They are hiring people who are much more numbers driven and aggressive.
Advice: Listen to employees, encourage individual talents and reward them, stop trying to make everyone equally replaceable by learning every skill in the store, stop endangering employees for money.
Pros: -Still has some of the best benefits of any company I've worked for.
-Accommodates mental health issues and even emotional support animals
-Currently offers competitive salaries
-Strong employee culture with excellent bonding
-Encourages giving coworkers and even superiors an honest opinion of their behavior

Cons: It honestly sounds like Apple Retail is no longer what it once was, and I heavily discourage anyone from looking at Apple Retail jobs as a sustainable, long-term career. Get in, get the experience (it goes a LONG way on the resume), make the friends and get out within a year or 2. As long as you are a solid professional, you'll easily be able to land a much-higher-paying and equally fun job.
Advice: I don't think there's much that Store Leadership can do about the unfortunate change at Apple Retail, as it seems like its a top-down issue, but my advice would be pay living wages and create REAL opportunities for career progression - stop using promotions to try to make a name for yourselves in your markets. You leave a lot of amazing, qualified people in the dust and struggling to make ends meet. Also, hire more full-time employees, and please stop promoting the idea that being "full-time at Apple Retail" is a huge honor - it isn't, its just gamified.
Pros: - Co-workers: I met some of the best humans during my time in Apple Retail
- Atmosphere: even if I had a rough day, I'd typically leave work motivated and happy because of the environment and the opportunity to work with friends.
-Benefits: amazing, even for a part timer.

Cons: -Retail needs to be torn down to the studs and rebuilt. It's been over-engineered so much that it's a nightmare to work in and shop in. Bring it back to the magical experience it once was, install cash wraps, don't overwork your people. -Career advancement opportunities are challenging, especially with such a disconnect between retail and corporate. -Apple did an exceptional job handling the pandemic in the beginning. Unfortunately they didn't make sustained changes. Things went back, but with a changed society it just doesn't work. Let people work from home. Open up leadership roles. You've got INCREDIBLE talent there - quit burning through them!
Advice: None
Pros: Job security! Good pay Exceptional benefits

Cons: - Things can be a bit disorganized - High variance in your experience at the company based on what team/org you're in - Fringe benefits not as great as other big tech companies
Advice: Keep incentivizing employees with cool projects to work on. I'm fortunate to have a manager that looks out for me, but this isn't consistent across the company.
Pros: - You're dealing with some really bright minds and working on some super interesting projects that are unique to a company of Apple's size - Lots of independence at the individual contributor level - you get to chose the best way to do something rather than having it forced on you like it might be at other big tech companies - Learn a lot, and very quickly too

Cons: Pay is improving, but generally low for the work most people do. Challenging to get promoted no matter the store size. it is shift work so that is tough to build your life around. Entitled customers &amp; a few employees makes it tough.
Advice: Remember what it was like for you when you were scraping by, easy to forget.  Pay attention to what your team and the individuals are doing in the day in day out  - don’t wait for review time and only  have them tell you what they have been  doing - if you want exceptional be exceptional - care about what they are doing for the mission regularly, they will take care of the mission instead of move on!
Pros: The people you work with are life long friends. The emotional super you five and receive makes the job.

Looks good on the resume &amp; teaches you good customer service skills.

Cons: It’s still a retail environment, so expect to work at least one weekend day, and also if part time have a retail schedule. Some customers can be outright rude and entitled, but that’s nothing new in the retail world. Lol! Also can be difficult to get into another role or even one that is corporate, however they are making steps to address this and provide more opportunities.
Advice: Have the opportunity to have more set schedules and provide more opportunities to grow into another role.
Pros: Excellent benefits, including health, vision, dental even for part time employees. Paid time off vacation and sick days. Discounts on Apple products, and services. At least at my location, supportive managers that are actually interested in helping you develop and grow. Good company culture with inclusion and you can be yourself.

Cons: Seem to replacing veteran staff with younger and cheaper staff. Can seem very cult-like. You'll only succeed if you buy into the Apple way regardless of qualifications Most new hires start out as part-time and it can take upwards of 2 years to gain full time status. Favoritism runs rampant, hand in hand with buying into the Apple culture.
Advice: Stop pushing your people to their breaking point. Just because you tout your "wonderful" mental heath benefits doesn't mean you push people so hard that they HAVE to use them.
Pros: You'll meet some genuinely great people. Generous discounts on Apple products as well as other companies.

Cons: Apple is EXTREMELY strict on how you use your time. I'm a phone advisor and I am only allowed 1 minute in between each call. Taking back to back calls for up to 8 hours a day is mentally exhausting. Its customer service so you deal with many, many pissed off people who take out all their garbage on you. You must maintain perfect metrics, if you slip up at all your manager will have to meet with you to go over why you're slipping up and how you can improve.
Advice: Management does their best, no real complaints about the managers. They're just doing what corporate tells them to do.
Pros: nice benefits, health insurance, dental, vision, pto.

Cons: For a company this rich they are really stingy. They know they can get away with a lot as they are Apple, and people will stick want to work for them, or if they leave there are plenty of options.
Advice: Anytime you try to give them advise, they come back with we are Apple and we know what we are doing, and we have results to show that. While it is true that financially the company is successful, the company does have a lower employee based rating than almost all other peers. Focusing/helping employees is way way down the list of priorities.
Pros: You learn to work at a faster pace and realize what you are capable of. Decent benefits: onsite clinic, dentist, good food, best gym ever. For the most part, company does have a good culture, people respect each other.

Cons: - Managers do not help on the floor at all, they would be their for support but rather watch their employees drown than take a transaction 
- leveling up is difficult unless you are up management 24/7, basically have to be friend management in order to level up 
- It's an easy job to get stuck in because the benefits are so great but overall mental health is non existent
- work hours, can be anywhere between 7am - 11pm
- extremely difficult to get into corporate once you been in retail. 
- Career experiences feels like exploitations more than career advancements. Knew someone who did 15 career experiences and made Apple Retail what it is today and is still in retail for sales support instead of corporate. He should at least be somewhere in an entry level at corporate by now.
Advice: - Stop basing around hiring advancements due to personal experiences, I saw a lot of great people not get promoted due to management have personal feelings about a person rather than hire them based around their core strengths
- stop being passive aggressive to your employees
- learn how to control a floor, many managers usually freak out when they see multiple people on the floor so they will go crazy on walkies taking away support from other departments that desperately need them to support the extra customers. Just do a the transaction ... it's not that hard.
Pros: - payback tuition 
- flexible with school hours
- employee stock plan 
- employee discounts

Cons: No opportunity for raises/promotion
Bad management/leadership
Advice: Be more fair to the actual hard workers. They are working hard and not talking the entire time, yet are told to do more with no incentives at all. One person talks everyday like he is at home and it creates a toxic work environment in which others are not able to work and focus. The excessive talking should have been stopped from day one. So it is unfair in my opinion that others get to enjoy quiet work environments while others are stuck next to people who talk nonstop from the start of work 'til the end for every shift.

Rather than allowing this to go on for six or more months, the new lead who took over should have shuffled seats around since there was clearly too much talking and best friends who sit next to each other. The old lead did this every one to two months which I very much appreciate now that this is happening with the new lead.
Pros: Difficult to find any to be honest

Cons: Apple pays well for retail, but in the last two years newer employees are out-earning employees that have been there for multiple years. There has been a rapid decline in leadership quality as well, so if you're stuck at a store with poor leadership... it's not going to be a good time for you. "Career Opportunities" are also a way for the company to save money by not having to hire contractors or full time staff for certain roles - be prepared to do work way outside your pay grade for the "valuable experience".
Advice: Pay your employees a fair living wage. Even part time employees put so much energy and passion into their roles... it needs to be equitable.
Pros: Apple is a fun place to work. There is a lot of enthusiasm and you are surrounded by some of the coolest products on the market. The discounts and benefits are also amazing.

Cons: - Pride among senior managers and staff was not uncommon. Sometimes, not often, decisions were made based off of who was presenting the data, and not based off of what the data was actually saying.
- I've witnessed people forced out of roles because some said "they didn't get it". Which really meant some people didn't think they weren't smart enough.
- Remote work is not possible for many roles. 
- With the time I had to invest, it was difficult to work here at times, but I still deeply miss working here like most others that choose leave do.
Advice: Embrace remote working
Pros: - Apple has many of the great amenities, salaries, and benefits that you get from many silicon valley companies.
- Apple is so big that your experience here will greatly vary depending on the team that you are joining. If you stick with it and work hard, things will probably work out for you. You will need to put in the time though. For me this meant working over weekends, early days, and late nights sometimes. 
- Through difficult meetings with senior management, I learned how to think and ask the right questions, which is the most valuable thing I took away from this role.

Cons: Bullying from Senior Management is a frequent occurrence among older employee's HR Investigations are never fully investigated.- conclusion is almost always "Unfounded" Older Female employee's do not have a career trajectory" Do NOT admit Io having ANY Disability- You will pay for it. Never felt my job was secure in 14 years, even with Exceeds on performance reviews. Some area's promote a very hostile work environment. No point complaining- HR works for Leadership-NOT the employee. You learn that pretty quick. Still very much a "Boys Club" atmosphere in many departments Company has changed exponentially since rapid growth in 2015.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and PTO. Employee discounts and time away is great.

Cons: Our pay is fair and even excellent, you could say (and considering the pros, too), but I hear how much some friends make at other companies doing similar jobs, which make considerably more in some cases.
Advice: Make clearer paths to success and achieving goals. Annual reviews are sometimes a mystery and a bunch of speaking in cryptic ways when it comes to ratings, comp discussions, and how the two affect each other, and without any consistency other than remaining a mystery.
Pros: Continually striving to take better care of its employees. The benefits are great and excellent assurances of job security. I don't ever feel as anxious as I did in other tech companies.

Cons: - the schedule here is HORRIBLE, the main reason I quit, schedules are never locked down, and they mostly use part time employees to cover the hour long breaks of the full time employees, so in my case they had me come in 5 random days a week, for 5 hour shifts, I argued with them for months to go down to 4 shifts per week just longer hours and they fought me on it every time. 
- You can only advance slightly, I started as a tech specialist and then to tech expert and finally genius, but after that there is really no where else to go. You can try another role like a creative (someone who teaches the classes) or selling or stock.
- Favoritism is terrible here
Advice: You'd keep far more employees if you worked with people to set up even some kind of a locked in schedule. My entire experience here would have been so much better if even 2 or 3 days a week MGMT worked with me to pick a handful of days/times that would work for me. People have lives outside of work.
Pros: - 25% discount on 1 of each Apple product once a year
- Discounts on all things Apple, cables, cases, Apple Music, iCloud store
- looks good on resume

Cons: Push for AppleCare is sometimes frustrating. I don't like pushing things on people but I do it so I won't have to have a discussion with leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: I have not been with Apple long but it has been the best job I've ever had. It's the first job I haven't disliked within the first few months for one reason or another. Management is amazing, I don't feel afraid to call out when sick. I feel listened to for the most part. There are many other great things but these are just to list a few.

Cons: Everything. Management, “time in tool”, it’s a job that has zero transferable skills and leadership repeatedly hinders anything growth-related unless it pertains to this specific, isolated department. Boring work, too. Pay is terrible - most of us had second or third jobs while working for a global leader of innovation. They love to hook you on the possibilities but it’s just not there with an entry-level job. I think people in other, higher positions probably enjoy their roles. I now make more than this company would have ever offered me at my height.
Advice: They wouldn’t care if I did. Management was all outsourced because internal managers left or were not asked to stay on this team. The current managers have never done the job and do not grasp it. Workers have complained many times about inaccuracies of internal tools yet still get reprimanded. Management in Austin, Texas will tell you things like: 

“If you take off, that will affect your time in tool this week”
Pros: You get the company benefits they don’t really want to give you because they see you as less than.

Cons: Long, inflexible hours. Can’t pick your schedule. Employees vastly underpaid. Very little opportunity for advancement. Management is constantly hired externally instead of awarding it to people who have worked hard internally. Lost several great leaders over the years as a result. Very poor retention lately due to apple not increasing wages to reflect current market rates and not giving flexibility for scheduling.
Advice: Share your wealth. Can’t retain good talent because you refuse to increase wages and promote within. A data analyst did a recent study that if you paid every retail employee 50/an hour, your profit margin would only decrease by 1%. For a company who says “it soul is its people” instead of pouring all this money into inclusion and diversity events how about paying your employees what their worth.
Pros: Diverse culture, kind managers, very understanding when taking time away, celebrates people, above-average pay (little higher than minimum wage) and extensive benefits—amazing health insurance and 401K, stock options, and discounts on carrier services, travel, products, you name it.

Cons: -Can get a little cliquey -Work on weekends -Hard to advance unless you have special connections with higher ups -Some people lack teamwork and managers don’t care when you complain -Some people don’t work because managers don’t keep a good eye in certain departments.
Advice: Listen and action when someone comes to you with a problem about coworkers not pulling their weight. Talking to the person with the problem and not keeping an eye on the situation after will just lead to them going back to exactly what they were doing
Pros: -Diverse -Good pay for retail job -Good discounts -Can build a great connection with co-workers

Cons: When you get hired they're constantly talking about how "at apple we don't care about your numbers." In reality, that's all they want to talk to you about when it comes to their "coaching connections." The only numbers that matter to them seems to be how much apple care you sell on specifically iphones. So even if your numbers for everything else is really good, your apple care numbers for phones is the only one that really matters.

Customers can be pretty terrible like any other retail environment. A very cringey culture on top of all of it. Just nonstop talks about "customer journey" or "your journey here at apple." You absolutely will not move up in the chain if you don't speak up during morning meetings about what you could do to improve the "customer journey."
Advice: Stop lying to yourselves and your team about how "numbers don't matter." If you truly believed that then you wouldn't bring it up every other day.
Pros: The pay is really good compared to other retailers, benefits include health, dental, and vision.

Overall team building is good aside from the weird lingo they use. Most coworkers are great people with cool projects going on outside of work.

Not working on commission can have it's benefits because you don't have to worry about selling more to make more.

Cons: - heavily micromanaged
- poor career development prospects
- toxic middle management, your experience can greatly vary depending on the management prevalent at your location
- promotions often not merit based and revolve around company politics
- company route diversity however a look at many locations depicts a similar dynamic, there is a lot of diversity among lower level employees but middle management and those who lead are uniform in appearance
Advice: - assume positive intent more often from your employees
- trust employees to do the job you’ve hired them for
- to upper management, more effort should be placed on vetting your middle management
- diversity and inclusion should not be treated as a checklist you are completing, it is intended so that the most qualified employee gains a role regardless of sex, creed, political leanings.
Pros: - many benefits offered that are uncommon in a retail setting such as stock options, EAP employee assistance program
- passport experiences to temporarily work at other stores (opportunity to continue to earn income while traveling)

Cons: Management is consistently unfair unless you drink the kool-aid. You will have 5-7 managers, maybe will have 1-2 that are tolerable to great. The rest will make you question how they got hired. 
Don't ever let them tell you that you can move from retail to corporate easily. I worked there for a solid 10 years and applied every year to corporate. Unless you are talented in engineering or sucking up, it won't happen. I'm not bitter - that's just the reality. I loved working with my team and for a scattering of managers across 4 stores. The bad managers and nonsense kool-aid cheerleading attitudes eventually made me cry every day before work. So after a decade I left and was much happier. Again, you will work here because it's cool [for a while], your co-workers will be awesome mostly, and the money is good. That's what your expectations should be. Nothing more.
Advice: Don't hire suck managers. Don't force your employees to be what they aren't - great workers sometimes aren't the ones who want to clap and jump on tables, sometimes they are the quiet ones who put their heads down and work and don't always smile. They will be your hardest most dependable workers and you will kill their spirit forcing them to be what they aren't.
Pros: Great money, usually awesome coworkers. cool products will lose luster after a while.

Cons: - As a retail store, leadership requires lots of hours and constant upmost customer experience provided from each of the team members
-Hours can get brutal - instead of hiring more people, Apple tends to overwork the limited staffing
- Recent dealing of sexual harassment cases highlight the company's incompetency when it comes to caring/prioritizing about team member's well being
-Extremely hard to advance into the next role. You have to prove a lot.
Advice: -Prioritize team member career growth - this doesn't mean simply having "review times" and imply that a lot of effort has been put in. 
- If it requires unionization for benefits to increase for team members, then unionization it is.
Pros: -Generally nice people. 
-Lots of benefits - but this only recently increased due to the possibility of unionization
-I definitely think there is something to learn about emotional intelligence from Apple retail. It is a formula in some sense.

Cons: Customer abuse is out of hands and the company is doing nothing about it. Dealing with violent, abusive customers that managers allow to avoid bad attention to the stores. Multiple threats with guns in various locations, multiple specialist being hit. Retail Management is also absurd pushing outlandish expectations and goals that are not feasible. You will not get fired but you will be berated daily in apple terminology on how your not able to upscale services. Interviewing process through retail, is also absurd management runs off of favoritism as much as they try not too. Experience and skill is not relevant to interviewing it’s how well you can tell a story. Apple is on a thin line
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility with time, opportunity grow is there. Benefits are nice

Cons: Dealing with a lot of work outside of your job description, call outs area common thing in my store so you usually have to pick up the extra slack when they don't have teh staffing, a lot of political atmosphere and propaganda they push as their "culture". Being a minority you are often put in the spot light and pushed to share about what it's like being a minority. Even though Apple is a 3 trillion dollar company you are still in retail and their are qoutas you have to make. Yes we send surveys to customers as well.
Advice: Stop focusing on things that you don't understand and listen to your employees before speaking your mind and what you think the employee should do.
Pros: Benefits (dental, stock, 401k, helath insurance, commuter card $100 balance a month)  competitive pay, semi flexible hours, work very close with your co workers. Training resources (if you are motivated enough to do them).

Cons: Retail is retail which is to say very hectic and stressful. On your feet daily. Opportunity to move up internally is very difficult. The jump from retail to corporate can happen but the company does not naturally guide you in this direction. I've seen employees stuck in retail for 10+ years with 5+ attempting to make the jump to corporate without success.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, hard to beat the very liberal benefits - you will be hard pressed to find anything like it unless working for Google.

Cons: Leadership; most of the leaders were promoted during a time when tenure determined your role and not ability. What's more, most of them have never worked anywhere else to know that the way they do things is outdated and prevents process improvements. They often celebrate those that did the basic duties of their job and ignore those who deliver measurable value far beyond the expectations of their job descriptions. The company also traps employees by giving them these amazing RSU packages that vest twice yearly over four years. A tenured manager who leaves could easily forfeit over $500k in unvested stocks, so people stay beyond what mental health professionals consider healthy.
Advice: Take some classes on current leadership trends, and stop drawing inspiration from the bosses you had in 1991.
Pros: Peers; you'll feel like you're working with your favorite cousins and best friends. Compensation is better than average.

Cons: They endeavor to have a "culture of feedback" however, at the same time there's pressure to be almost constantly perky and positive. When something is less than awesome, be careful how you bring it up b/c some people see any acknowledgement of anything un-awesome as not very "Apple". Can feel a little 'culty'.
Advice: Help people to focus on positivity yet to feel comfortable expressing their thoughts about things that are not so awesome within Apple. Only by seeing it can you fix it. Teach employees the skills and vocabulary to talk about improving and moving forward to fix problems, without either being overly perky (fake) or dissolving into toxic rants. Balance is hard but worth it.
Pros: Good culture. They try really hard to do the right things. People are mostly open minded and fair in how they treat colleagues and customers.

Cons: There is no work-life balance. Employees are expected to deliver heroic efforts at any time, regardless of family situations, vacation plans, etc.
Advice: Start paying more than lip service to the need to give employees a real opportunity to rest and recharge. You're burning out great people such that you're losing them far too early.
Pros: The best parts of working about Apple are the brilliant people, and the focus on product excellence.

Cons: Difficult upward mobility when entering the retail level. Opportunities available heavily dependent upon what management allows for. Some rolls are very much underpaid as they are considered retail.
Advice: Remain objective: do not let personal bias affect your perception of employee performance.
Pros: Amazing benefits, even for part time employees. Dental, vision, health are offered to both part-time and full-time employees. Stock plans are available with gifted stock for good performers. Education, mental health, and child care benefits as well.

Cons: Low pay, only valued if your full time, very very racially oriented,
Advice: Treat everyone the same.  If you have ‘special groups’ to help certain people succeed, you need to have a group for everyone.  Only groups for blacks, gays, and women clearly illustrates preferential treatment by the company.  

Poor career opportunities.  Apple talks a big game about being able to have a career, but only 1-5% of people are ever actually able to.  I’ve seen the best most qualified people leave because they knew they weren’t going to get opportunities, while those who were far less qualified but met quotas for race or gender or better friends with the core team got the opportunities.

Benefits are only good for full time employees.  So often management would tout this great benefit to the team, such as paternity leave for me, then 70% of the team didn’t qualify because they were part time.

They say they are about equality and diversity but it is only a left leaning extremist version of diversity.  If you are a minority of some kind, Apple is great, if not, better be prepared to sacrifice some of your personality / personal beliefs to match what Apple wants or you won’t have a career.
Pros: Company does try to do right, clean, friendly people

Cons: Not as transparent from leadership as I would have liked. 

I assume this to be case at every job but there is some politicking involved in moving roles. 

Even though support from leadership is promised know that your growth is entirely determined by you.

While working a in-store training role my transition back to specialist wasn’t supported as best as it could have been. As a result I was caught between two roles. Know that Apple is pretty by the book on everything so if you are a free spirit this place will challenge you to grow or leave you behind.
Advice: Give the people in the store a chance to lead the team they’ve served with. 

Spend time listening to the in-store ideas. You never know who you’ll help cultivate. 

Help people who have experience transition back into the roles they were in prior to an experience better. 

What you keep health will grow.
Pros: Great environment. You never know what someone’s outside hobbies include but they are always interesting. 

You get to meet amazing customers. 

The way the team came together in my store was really great.

Cons: The pay is terrible and what's worse is that everyone assumes that you work for apple so you are set. Not that in order to cover my extremely modest and minimal lifestyle I either need to live in an unsavory part of town, have roommates even though I'm well into my 40s, or get yet another job on what limited time I have.
Also higher ups push the culture down your throat, but in the same breath will say, "well we are a business" to justify some shady process.
Apple is like any other multi billion dollar company, at the end of the say its about the bottom line and it will always be profits over people.
Advice: Compensate AppleCare advisors like you compensate the engineers. They are the reason there is customer retention. Also AppleCare is a multi-million dollar generating piece of apple pie. You should act accordingly. Stop just saying you appreciate advisors and giving us apple branded swag and actually give me a raise so I can pay my rent. I don't need a hat or a mug that promotes you through product placement.
Pros: Some of the people that you will meet at work and through work are amazing.
Now, I can work partially at home.

Cons: - Work life balance can be tough especially full time, shifts are 9 hours long - During the holidays, management is micro-managing to meet company expectations - Sometimes your identity feels like it is based on your numerical results
Advice: - Make opportunities available to everyone who is interested - Be on the sales floor more so you can understand how customer interactions REALLY are. - Consistently try and talk about goals with all of us who want to excel in the comapny.
Pros: - Good pay - Excellent benefits - Decent opportunities - Great place to set goals

Cons: -Management
-Favoritism
-Not as many internal promotions as external
-Hours
-Schedule is NOT flexible in the slightest.
Advice: This stems higher than managers. HR sweeps things under rugs, you could be the best employee there, but because you're late by 1 minute, you won't get promoted, it's small little nuances that overtime will grow on you. 

My advice is to ask for a change in how management gets treated by corporate.


The reason why I say it's great for the short-term is because long term, there's no way to grow unless you take career experiences (which management looks down on you for doing)

So, LEARN the skills that Apple is trying to teach you and move on to something else where you can utilize those skills and have them acknowledged.
Pros: Upside:
-Good Pay (when compared externally)
-Great enviornment 
-Cleanliness is a +
-Your co-workers can sometimes feel like family
-Wage to Work ratio is amazing.

Cons: Micromanagement Toxic positivity Workplace politics Lack of work-life balance Lack of career advancement
Advice: The execs in Cupertino are extremely out of touch as far as what Apple Store employees do, and frankly, have unrealistic expectations for metrics. Some of the metrics may have been more realistic 10 years ago, when the average customer was less educated on how to use and take care of technology, but that time has passed. Apple's executive team has made it very clear that its retail operations are its lowest priority. They gave their head of HR, already a huge responsibility at a company as large as Apple, the job of running retail. And I don't mean they moved her to the role, I mean they added the job to her existing responsibilities. That says to me that Apple sees retail as more of a "side gig" or sorts. Going above and beyond in your job role has less of an impact on career advancement than workplace politics. If a manager happens to dislike you, or is dating someone in competition for a role, you won't advance. There is a program where retail employees can temporarily step into job roles in Cupertino, which is great for developing new skills. However, permanent roles are rare, and employees continue to be paid retail wages during the temporary period, even if working on complex projects. Depending on management, breaking the rules was implicitly encouraged if it drove metrics. Before I left, the micromanagement got pretty extreme. Every time any employee sold an iPhone, a manager would come out to make sure you sold AppleCare and accessories. Imagine if a manager came up to you to give you a coaching about every 15 minutes. They say the customer experience is the most important aspect of the job, but your survey ratings mean next to nothing in your review. In fact, it's generally unclear what affects your review and raises. There are vague gestures here and there on what you can improve, and some managers are better than others at pointing out specifics to her you in your role. Sometimes management will commit to working with you to help you grow, but there's rarely follow-through. Apple Store employees have wanted the working conditions to improve for years, but local management has very little autonomy to make any kind of substantive improvements. Problems with scheduling and training are rarely addressed, despite promises to do so. Certain managers will manipulate employees who raise concerns into believing those concerns are invalid. Pay is decent for retail, but with the amount of revenue each salesperson generates, they should be making a lot more money. Literally a 1% commission would be life changing for most of the employees I worked with. If you're living with your parents and saving up for school, or retired and looking for something to do, I think this job can be great. Incredible health plan, steep discounts with a lot of partner vendors, and hundreds of dollars of free professional software. Some of the most best people I have ever met have been my Apple Store coworkers. But if you rely on this job to make a living, the high-speed pace and the pressure you're under to meet your metrics can burn you out very quickly. You're expected to have the drive of a salesperson on commission, despite there not being any. I don't regret my 10 years at Apple. I gained some really valuable soft skills, and I'm a smarter and more compassionate person for it. But I was outright told by a manager that Apple doesn't need retail. So I could only conclude that, no matter how hard I worked, or how many additional projects I took on, or how much I tried to help my customers and coworkers, Apple didn't need me. So I left.
Pros: Great pay (as far as retail goes) Great benefits Fantastic coworkers ESPP Restricted stock as part of compensation

Cons: Push numbers very hard basically lie to your face about company culture are usually pretty understaffed not cohesive management
Advice: have consistent meetings with leaders to stay on the same page even better if these are open door meetings so employees can listen in and grow. If your going to push numbers at least be open and honest about it. hire more employees especially people of different language
Pros: Can call out a decent amount Are pretty lax Pretty good hours if u need them have good benifits

Cons: Dealing with the public - that’s obvious. Helping them with items they use all day every day - and usually without a lot of knowledge. Again a lot of variation between stores - unfortunately at mine, there were some very slimy incidents with certain managers - along with coverups.
Advice: Improve the process and investigation when workers are reporting wrongdoing from management or otherwise.
Pros: Looks great on a resume. Experience will vary store to store, I’m sure, but a handful of managers that were always looking out for me.

Cons: Long hours, no work life balance, constant communication via texts, professional development not emphasized only solving problems to ship the product, toxic culture (yelling, rude comments, etc) but dependent on team, not as collaborative as I think it should be
Advice: Spend time training your managers and put more emphasis on professional development. Your retention rate would most likely go up if you prioritized these things.
Pros: High salary, a lot of ownership, working on real problems, very smart people work beside you

Cons: - Top-down management, much info are hided from levels to levels. Strong feeling of exclusion. - People constantly fight and not collaborate - Lack of serious software development process. Coding quality never being reviewed and does not count in performance review. - Managers are often just being veteran in the company instead of being skilled at a certain area. Often they do not know what to do and cannot innovate.
Advice: None
Pros: + Work on top-tier hardware + Great gym to release feelings about people + Great traveling benefits + Great work-life balance

Cons: Retail is hard. Scheduling improvements have happened at my location and they do help, but one "biggie" which I think is reasonable, is to have higher pay for Saturday and Sunday shifts.
Advice: Stable, predictable schedules would be lovely.
Pros: Apple has demonstrated time and again, it truly cares about its employees and maintains a diverse workforce (age included!!!). They are committed to encouraging us to move up, and supply training and much other support. They really try to have an open and supportive environment, although this can happen or not depending on store leadership. The discounts and benefits are outstanding.

Cons: - A very secretive environment with unnecessary censorship!
-Some RFIC group members in the San Diego office are not open to sharing their technical experiences at all!
 - Most of the team members do not have fresh, recent, state-of-the-art knowledge of RFIC design and they only know very old, out-of-date circuit techniques without being open to change or modify
- Most RFIC group members are not open to being challenged about their circuit techniques opinions because of their ego!
- The group is new and the managers are not experienced!
- A lot of unrelated meetings that you must attend without that much of benefits
Advice: The problems mentioned above prevent good talents to stay in your group!
Pros: Being employed by Apple is the only important pro!

Cons: - There is little to no room to grow, especially if you’re in retail. I worked for this company for many years and witnessed first hand an insane amount of favoritism across various markets. - Men specifically are approached with role opportunities they otherwise didn’t express interest in. - The benefits package is outstanding and is absolutely required because after a few months to a year and a half you begin to feel worn down. This feeling doesn’t go away until you separate from the company, voluntarily or otherwise. - Management does a really good job at putting on a persona of cultivating an enriching and inviting environment that is ultimately used against you. If you ask questions you’re labeled as insubordinate and this will be reflected in your review, further effecting your wages. This ‘pushback’ is also used against you when you desire to grow within the company. - Transferring from retail to corporate is insanely difficult for reasons that are still unclear to me and remain a mystery to many colleagues. - The company emphasizes the importance of exchange journals and owning your journey however, leadership continuously fails to respect the time scheduled for your development, if it’s scheduled at all. Their argument is that we’re there to meet business needs. Once that card is dealt your personal development doesn’t matter. - Training is also almost nonexistent beyond the core week(s). They will schedule time for compliance training as it’s required by law but even then due to business needs and the impact it has on the company image anyone spending time off of the floor is reprimanded. - There’s a significant amount of micromanaging if you’re not vocal about this. Unfortunately, many of my colleagues do the bare minimum which calls for more feedback than you wish to give and also sheds a new light on why leadership micromanages. - Positions in the retail space are exactly that “retail” and “customer service” there’s frequent discussions about how your job impacts people and technology. However, the reality is that there’s a SIGNIFICANT disconnect between the world of technology and your role during your time at Apple. You’re not learning new processes and terminology that translates to any position in the tech industry. It’s easy to get lost in the company culture which in hindsight will translate to you becoming increasingly comfortable with the bare minimum provided. It’s important that you put your foot down with your training and development and also do the work on the outside if technology is a space you want to grow in. The only valuable certification is a Genius certification and even then you will be required to study for and taking certifications outside of Apple if you want to grow in the tech space. Apple is NOT tech focused in the retail space. Do not allow the image to cloud that reality. - There are significant pay gaps between each individual and role. Often this is defended by stating a role is a lateral move however the responsibilities often aren’t lateral. Because a leaders perception of you is so heavily weighed in your reviews this impacts your wage increases. This circles back to favoritism. A leader who favors one person will ensure to write a review reflecting this thus justifying the max pay increase where as penny’s are given to someone they view as a challenge. - The culture being so inviting it’s also easy to confuse professional relationships with friendships. You will meet incredible people throughout your journey. However, please understand that your colleagues are not your friends and it’s okay to emphasize this in your day-to-days. There is a fine line in sharing in work experiences and discussing work related topics and sharing your personal experiences. You’re not required to be an open book and it’s difficult to feel like you don’t have to be one because of the company culture and the pressure to be people focused. You can 100% be people centric without divulging any aspect of your personal life. - Work / Life balance only exists if you let it. There’s only ever been one leader in my many years of service that saw me working overtime and cared about how it impacted me and not the company’s pockets. In hindsight overtime isn’t necessarily an issue depending on your store’s performance. They’d rather have you stay and finish a task than hand it off hence why little is said unless the store isn’t performing well and lacks overtime flexibility. You’ll hear this conversation increase depending on the quarter. - There’s a lack of transparency across the company especially when it comes to wages, specifically leadership wages. The leadership team is incentivized with bonuses that 100% depend on your performance. Leadership compensation isn’t discussed at all across the company. Doors are kept closed for a reason and another reason is because they discuss employee matters as a collective. Whether these conversations are professional or not will depend on that specific leader. - All in all you won’t realize how suffocating it all is until you separate from the company. You won’t understand why you’re unhappy during your time there until you separate and realize the lack of growth and mismanaged opportunities.
Advice: Many of you have received praise, bonuses, raises, and promotions for taking credit from individuals on your team. This is vial. Take a step back and reread the credo.
Pros: - Benefits - Sense of job security

Cons: Always having the maximum number of chats going at once, no downtime, constant check-ins if you are away from your computer for a few minutes.
Advice: Hire more people. If the number of advisors matched the amount of customer outreach this wouldn't be a terrible customer service job. As-is, I found it extremely stressful. Often you would be expected to keep a customer waiting for 20+ minutes while waiting for a tier 2 advisor to answer your chat.
Pros: Work from home Macs provided random swag mail

Cons: i find the culture slightly annoying. the “daily downloads” feel like i’m in highschool and it’s a really aggravating way to start the day (for me personally) a lot of aspects of the job feel like
you’re in grown up highschool honestly. 
managers harp on apple care sales so much when there is zero incentive for selling it 
customers are rude and inconsiderate (management does an okay job of intervening when it goes too far)
Advice: act like you know employees are humans just like you are, not robots
Pros: Decent benefits even as a part time employee, flexible schedule, friendly environment, in-depth training process, opportunities to grow with the company, discounts on products, a variety of positions; you don’t necessarily have to be in sales or tech to work in the retail store, encouragement to grow and be better, plenty of resources

Cons: Absolutely no benefits. Crappy pay. They pay you only $17 an hour for an insanely high stress job. The benefits they offer are absolutely a joke. This job should atleast pay $28 per hour due to the amount of stress. They also highly rank performance on surveys which is stupid because you deal with pissed off people all day long. No amount of positivity is going to help some situations. They truly dont care about your personal life whatsoever. They want to run you ragged. The support system is a joke. The disconnect between advisors and engineers is ridiculous.
Advice: Pay people an actual decent amount of money. Offer real benefits not crap. As a trillion dollar company there is absolutely no excuse to treat people like dogs. its disgusting
Pros: You get to learn alot about apple devices.

Cons: Metrics can be a bit stressful Sometimes you will get a bad survey for something that was out of your control High volume calls On average No breaks between Calls come in every 7 secs
Advice: Maybe find a way to increase in between calls from every 7 secs to a more manageable time Would be nice if metrics were not placed before customer satisfaction that way we could truly help customers by taking more of our time and not feeling rushed
Pros: Benefits Pay Culture Diversity Work Balance Great Managers and leadership

Cons: Management was not held accountable and therefore culture in my store suffered causing good people to leave the company prematurely including myself.
Advice: Apple has done such a great job creating a culture that attracts the best talent. If you want to train and retain talent at the retail level then you have to treat people with respect, you have to make people feel more than, and you have to lead with a servants heart. The way leadership was in my store made for a terrible and toxic environment and speaking up came with consequences. Hold your store senior management accountable, and make sure your retail employees feel protected and appreciated.
Pros: Great pay, and benefits for the work that was being done.

Cons: If you are part time, you work every weekend and get the crappiest hours. You have to wait 90 days to get insurance, and the insurance isn’t as good as the full time insurance.
Advice: Fight for same benefits for ALL employees. It isn’t fair for people who begin and are hired full time to get benefits from day one, and the person next to them who was hired the same time but part time…has to wait for 90 days and doesn’t have the same opportunity to get the better insurance.
Pros: Very positive atmosphere! All of the people who work there are super supportive and have your best interest in mind.

Cons: Sometimes leadership in a particular store can be stuck in their ways. Customers are hard to deal with. You deal a lot with a retail-style environment. I’ve gone above and beyond in my role and it’s not recognized at the end of the year with my pay raises.
Advice: Listen to all of your employees, especially your Ops teams. If they’re telling you someone is doing a bad job ringing up transactions and making mistakes, follow through on that.
Pros: Amazing health benefits, corporate seems to be listening most of the time to concerns of retail employees. Work life balance has improved since I started.

Cons: Customer service retail job, so you will likely get yelled at from time to time by an unhappy person. There can be a lot of stress, especially on busy days (weekends, holidays, launches) Sometimes management disagreements, depending on leadership Long hours, especially in mall store
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced and fun environment with great people. Good benefits, decent pay, room for growth.

Cons: You work retail… 
Expect to work whatever they tell you. 
They take call outs super serious.
You never have any weekend days off.
You have to “request”(as they say it’s just a request) days off 4 weeks in advanced or more.
You have to deal with some very not smart people. We jokingly say, “imagine how not smart the average person is… now realize we work with the least smart end of that spectrum.”
Promotions are given out based on political and social Justice concerns. If you are a white guy that is straight expect to be in role for years before moving up.
Advice: Hire based on skill, experience, or ability to adapt. I’ve seen too many terrible employees get promoted and leave quickly as they can’t handle the roles… while those qualified are looked over for lack of political pandering.
Pros: The company has amazing benefits. They look after every employee and their loved ones.
Medical benefits I’m told by every admin in healthcare clinics is like no other they have seen before.
401 K matching.
Employee stock purchasing program is phenomenal.
Higher or about industry standards for pay.
You usually have wonderful breaks. Unpaid lunches but have paid 15 min breaks.

Cons: Chances of receiving a role outside of technical support are slim to none, a few of my colleagues have landed corporate roles but it's the exception not the norm. Pay raises are relatively small, my pay is $24.44 after 8 years. Be sure to NEGOTIATE your offer to come in paid appropriately. Role gets monotonous, after a year or two you'll pretty much have handled every type of technical call you'll get. My advice is don't stay in the role longer than 4 years, after that leverage your experience and resume appeal to land another FAANG offer.
Advice: None
Pros: Schedule is great, part time work is available as well. Discounts are good, 25% off each product per year, 15% off products purchased for friends/family and $500 off a Mac or iPhone each two years. Management generally does care about accommodating top advisors needs. Great network of individuals in different lines of business available, coffee chats are encouraged to learn about different organizations.

Cons: Moving up is difficult as with any big companies since there is a lot of people ahead of you that are as smart. Depending on phase of product cycle and how unlucky you are, there could be a ton of work all at once and extreme high pressure to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Impactful products and projects. Lots of learning and growth opportunities. If you want to deliver the best product at all cost the company actually supports that more than any other hardware companies out there. What you'll experience varies largely by team.

Cons: High-stress, customers are really rude, management always blames the employees for customer's bad behavior even if its clear that its not the employees fault. Repetitive work flow that becomes mundane very quickly and overall not a job that I would recommend keeping for more than a year tops because of health concerns &amp; because the longer you stay the more difficult I think it will be to switch careers.
Advice: Management should try to have more understanding of the employees situations when there are issues with customers because that would definitely help to reduce the percentage of technical advisors that quit their jobs. There is nothing that crushes a workers morale more than their manager telling them that a customer's bad attitude is their fault and that they need to learn to avoid doing things that will trigger them/ make them upset.
Pros: Work from home, good pay for minimum skills needed to start, employee stock program. For the most part the managers I worked with were really nice people and a pleasure to work with.

Cons: - Not much room for moving outside of customer-facing roles. 
- Difficulty planning ahead due to constantly changing schedules
- Weekend shifts are to always be expected unless you're a top 10% performer
- Conflicting information occurs sometimes in technical support documents due to constantly changing OS development
- Issues with time-consuming or non existent resolutions are difficult to sell to frustrated customers
Advice: Don't ever glorify not using sick time. It's not a flex or a brag that you've never taken a sick day, it only ostracizes those who must. 
Please remember that talking to customers and dealing with their issues (both technical and emotional) is extremely exhausting and takes more of a toll (both physical and emotional) on people than you may realize. 
I only ever had fantastic managers while working for Apple. They were extremely easy to get along with and were extremely reasonable and accommodating. I can't express how much good communication between all of us made that possible. 
I would go back to Apple, just never in a customer-facing role.
Pros: - Amazing top tier benefits
- Extremely personable managers
- Constant training to keep us up to date
- Fun, extracurricular activities
- Inclusive atmosphere
- Admirable social and environmental awareness

Cons: Fluctuating retail schedule, always work weekends and most holidays, “customer first” mentality, training and development is very rare due to high volume customer demand, mostly on-the-job learning, the culture is now highly focused on metrics / results / attachments and less on the employee experience
Advice: Devote time back to team members to learn, develop, and train properly. There is too much focus on the customer journey and not enough on employee experience — helping as many people as possible without proper training has become a losing battle of quantity vs quality. Team members aren’t given enough time to develop and train in their roles, are instead thrown into the deep end of the pool and immediately expected to know how to swim. This diminishes self confidence in team members entering new roles and creates a lack of trust in the decisions made by leaders.
Pros: Competitive wages for retail, amazing benefits, ever-changing technology with unlimited opportunities to learn something new every day, like-minded coworkers, passionate team members who often become friends for life even after leaving the company

Cons: Famously against WFH arrangements Technical issues with internal tools hurt your performance The high performance standards incentivize cheating on personal metrics, and genuinely good and honest people who care about their jobs are terminated because of it. Managers are unaware how bad they are at analyzing performance by viewing metrics of an employee, but they are tolerated by upper-management. Very little room for growth other than horizontal moves to other departments Low pay for the biggest tech company on earth
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers Great balance between a fun and professional environment Work is usually completed by lunch Mostly inclusive

Cons: People are not nice, they often want to work alone rather than collaborate. Honestly the pay isn't as high as you'd think and the benefits aren't great. They don't sponsor you to go to conferences, at least in my organization. It's hard to move between orgs because it's so secretive. Overall I wouldn't recommend an engineer work here.
Advice: None
Pros: There's a team for everything so there's no need to run any system yourself. They'll send you all around the world in first class. Apple Park is stunning. Everyone is smart.

Cons: Management doesn't listen or support. Complaining customers. Severally pushes goals with no bonus promised. Everybody is getting paid differently. No transparency in pay. Mental health thrown out the door, even if they list benefits, most services provided circle back to management for *them* to do something. Even if you are part time, get ready to be required to give full open availability.
Advice: Pay transparency. Let part time workers have flexible hours and not require complete open availability.
Pros: Good Benefits, the okay discounts

Cons: -Company is very left/liberal leaning especially with fellow coworkers. Some can be radical. -if you don’t play along with their agenda, you won’t get very far -sometimes the repair room can be very toxic and almost everything is sexualized. -can feel like high school all over again.
Advice: None
Pros: -Good pay currently making 30hr -Great benefits -Potential to move up within the company if you say the correct word

Cons: Pay honestly. For a trillion dollar company can we pay people an adequate livable wage? 25 an hour doesnt cut it after still having to drive and pay for parking at a parking garage. Also some shifts only make for a 30 min lunch which suck because you can do hardly anything. Also more money towards a parking if we have to freaking pay for a parking garage on top of a non livable wage.
Advice: Giving people fair shifts. Having scheduling be in house then possibly go to a third party. Sometimes the shifts are just horrible.
Pros: Great benefits, free apple music, apple arcade and discounts are BOMB. Team is absolutely one of the best I have ever worked with! Supportive and caring.

Cons: Work life balance is hard at times Customers are highly expectant and rude Working with the public is not for the faint of heart
Advice: Managers are very understanding, but often times overlook the importance of staying at the ready when there is a customer issue. Not always the most organized schedules for workers so you may need to point out scheduling issues or mistakes often to get them resolved
Pros: Awesome energy with helpful coworkers A ton of diversity Generous benefits for both full and PT workers

Cons: They have had a horrible covid response that has placed the responsibility of policing whether or not people are following protocols on the employee. Systems of cross functional communication are often overthought and what would be a simple email at any other company turns into a whole day's endeavor figuring out who to talk to and how to do it. They treat employee complaints like customer complaints in that they push you through pages and pages of pre-written responses and often have no avenues to report workplace grievances without the fear of being fired. Meetings are overbooked and filled with conversations that are so vague they go in circles. Everyone is expected to meet growth goals while resources get cut more and more multiple times throughout the year. Things are often unexplained and have a unique process that is never explained to anyone, and even if it's a horrible process the reasoning is always "that's just the Apple way". Values moments like ethnic heritage months are more about optics than anything else.
Advice: None
Pros: HR recruiters and onboarders are very friendly and informative, but that's about all I can say was positive about my experience.

Cons: The company is more concerned with how things appear on the outside than what's actually happening internally. Leadership is resistant to change and is stuck in an "it's always ben done this way" mentality. This is apparent in the way they have approached Hybrid working, their lack of accountability for changing processes/systems/ways of working that do not promote inclusion, and their lack of flexibility to try something new, even if it doesn't directly link to someone's road map. While I'm sure other roles at Apple might not be inhibited by these behaviors, it is certainly difficult if your role is to help create cultural change.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple is a great company with many employee programs.

Cons: Pay is extremely low for the disrespectful customers we deal with.  I bet that management does not submit incident reports for the assaults committed by customers.  Yes…physical assaults by customers.  It is worse than verbal abuse.
Advice: Stop focusing on your bonus and manage at a minimum. You have no clue what the difference between managing and leading. It is obvious you do not care about anything other than your income potential. 
The store was listed as “closed” on the website (due to extensive COVID breakout between employees, including the store manager), but the managers still allowed customers in to shop and get their devices fixed!! (Not pick up their outstanding online order or repaired device)
Pros: Benefits…if we were paid well enough to take advantage of them.

Cons: Non-exempt (hourly) employees are and will always be 2nd class citizens. Management Is trained to mitigate employee concerns without resolving them. 
Most of management is solely concerned with their own advancements. Which I accept is what we’re all doing at work. However, they have no benefits to anyone for helping anyone else succeed. Furthermore, no punitive actions for managers with poor preforming and non-advancing team members. 
There are too many things that have built up over the years to even mention. 
That said, the largest issue facing employment and customer product and experience is the extremely biased and racist hiring. In the name of inclusion and equality they have become the polar opposite. 
People of any race or class with experience and qualifications are regularly passed over so that the company can employ some other “marginalized” group. Even if that individual sorely lacks the qualifications for the position. 
Watch an event some time. Taste the rainbow. The team photo is more important than the product or service.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, ESPP, health, retirement matching…

Cons: It’s pretty clear this place is not ideal and the land for those who were glorified phone callers who sat in a room calling developers during the App Store boom with old timers who are mostly no longer there. Once upon a time this place was ran by a bunch of old nepotism Santa Cruz yokels in a mid life crisis walking around in button up Hawaiian shirts, bragging about their Italian loafers, propeller pilot flying since Ancient Rome, and constantly hitting on younger colleagues. Stay away from this gossip valley high school. You can do a lot of research on the bad rap this department has had since 2009.
Advice: If you have any decency drain that liter pool since this place had faded into irrelevancy long time ago.
Pros: Entry level work with the Apple name on your resume. Can milk the pandemic work from home in the time being

Cons: - Management - Growth and Development
Advice: Lack of support in growth and development for personal growth. Focus on employees more and support what each individual truly values on what to grow on.
Pros: - Health Benefits - Stock Benefits - Team Work - Invasion - Values - Diversity and Inclusion

Cons: they've made improvements to work-life balance, but it's still retail, so you will still be required to work evenings and weekends. also there are too many part time positions. I'll add customers to the cons list. some customers are horrid. Please, when you are a customer, remember that the sales and technical support people you interact with are humans too! I see too many of my coworkers in tears, too often. Behave yourselves! We are not your punching bags.
Advice: None
Pros: competitive pay, team spirit, responsive management, excellent benefits.

Cons: Competitive job market meaning because the company is a great company to work for a lot of people are ready to make that jump and potentially land a job here, making it more competitive for current employees to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits all around. Great developmental support and opportunities. Incredible team environment and impactful values.

Cons: The management for this program is awful
Advice: None
Pros: You're able to rotate to different positions and teams within IS&amp;T but you have to be very careful about what team you choose to rotate to -- I luckily had great managers in my rotations so far but I've heard of extremely negative experiences from others.

Cons: Customer reviews and Net Promoter system is completely rigged against the employee, you’ll never get absolutely outstanding remarks no matter how much you do. Uncompetitive pay unless you make it to corporate level. Constant hiring freezes screw over employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, solid team environment. Plenty of opportunities. Technical expertise with repairing is extremely fun.

Cons: Ancient technology stack that will leave your technical skills in atrophy.
Lack of uniform direction or leadership in the company, the amount of pivoting makes it difficult to accomplish anything longterm.
Huge expectation differences between SREs and developers with regard to best practices.
Complete lack of remote work flexibility, all employees must be in overcrowded offices most days of the week leading to lack of parking, long lines for bathrooms and cafeteria, no conference room availability, and cramped workspaces
Advice: Focus more on driving migrations to new technology stacks instead of keeping things running as they are in favor of continued feature development.  Allow employees the flexibility to work remote versus cramming them into overcrowded spaces like cattle
Pros: Lots of benefits
mostly nice people working there

Cons: Stressful calls a lot of the customers are upset for one reason or another and by the time you get the call they have spoken to 3-4 people and are almost irate. So if you can handle customers like this all day everyday then this is for you. 

You have to request time off for any and everything and sometimes it won’t get approved because you only earn a few hours of PTO per paycheck. It will be very hard to advance and if you do you will be in a role with even more irate customers.
Advice: Allow hard working people to advance into non stressful positions and quit trying to keep good employees in a stressful role they hate!
Pros: Great Pay and Benefits 
Company Perks and Discounted Devices 
401k
Great Benefits Package

Cons: Very challenging environment, depending on the store. Lots of management, which means you have to either manage yourself or be ready to receive loads of feedback. Generally fairly difficult to be promoted unless you are hitting a lot of metrics. Metrics based performance is a strong focus.
Advice: Follow through on people's self assessments (journals). Keep up to date on the emotional experience, and refocus people on THEIR goals, not yours. Metrics sell items, but experiences keep employees. Balance those.
Pros: The people are awesome, usually. It was amazing to be able to meet that many humans every day (the volume is insane for a brick and mortar retail store). It's clean, fun, and can be a place to learn a lot about technology, apps, and how to help people optimize their lifestyle. Sharpens you. You grow a lot, if you want to!

Cons: The culture is written and expected, but PEOPLE have to execute that culture. This is where things CAN fall flat. No pun intended, but one bad Apple in a high enough position can literally spoil an entire batch/work environment
Advice: Actually listen to reports and complaints from employees.
Pros: Great work environment, Great Team and corporate support system, Great Pay incentives, and benefits.

Cons: “Work-Life balance” is pushed heavily but it’s almost impossible to take a weekend off.
Sales job is fairly easy but you can quickly feel burned out as you’re literally the front line for one of the biggest companies in the world selling the biggest and one of the most essential products in the world. 
Lots of micro managing to push AppleCare with no kind of incentive except a nice pat on the back and a morning meeting shout out.
Advice: Employees should be allowed to take at least one full weekend off each month.
Try to implement a bonus or some kind of significant incentive for meeting to quarterly goals.
Pros: - Lots of like minded co-workers. 
- Almost always meet an interesting client.
- Pay is decent considering what the job entails.
- Very consistent training.

Cons: Limited growth for part time employees. They seem to reserve most advancement for full time employees committed to Apple for the foreseeable future.
Advice: Roles that allow for vertical growth would be really appreciated by the people not in full time roles.
Pros: Working at Apple is quite the experience. The energy is undeniable, the people at the retail level where I work are some of the best I've ever met. Everybody is so different but everyone possesses the same quality that they truly want to help. I've never been denied genuine assistance and they have maintained a proactive and safety first approach to COVID which I appreciate every day. 

I'm a part time employee while also being a full time student. They are tremendously supportive with college schedules and as long as your availability meets the needs of the business, the company is more than flexible. Apple knows I will not be with them beyond the next year or two but they continue to push me to accomplish all I can and invite me to be my true, best self every day. It's a terrific experience and if you get the opportunity I recommend giving it a shot.

Cons: Apple is comprised of many teams and the orgs are hard to keep track of so it takes a long time to learn how to work cross functionally
Advice: None
Pros: My team is extremely supportive and the onboarding is paced out very well. There are a ton of resources that help you get up to speed and you definitely feel the power of working for such a large company. 

The management is great
The vision is clear 
The work is challenging and rewarding 
There is a lot of space for growth and innovation

Cons: Management and senior staff are stuck in their ways and dont listen. People are constantly anxious Things are chaos They pay new people more than what they do current employees
Advice: Listen to your employees. Dont just be an empty ear, take action and fully go the extra mile for employees.
Pros: Discounts Job security A lot to learn

Cons: Moving to IT support was awful. Micromanaging (was called in for walking around for 1-2 min every hour because you're expected to be sitting and taking calls your ENTIRE shift) and irate customers gave me anxiety to the point of daily anxiety attacks before my shift. When I reached out for help or to be moved to a chat role I was basically told I was SOL. Moving to IT and being given completely different responsibilities from the job I actually applied for decreased not just my morale but all my coworkers to the point where most of us quit because it was no longer worth it
Advice: Stop micromanaging and actually provide mental health support to ALL employees, not just your valuable engineers and designers. Bragging during regional meetings about not having to lay anyone off isn't the flex you think it is when half the team leaves voluntarily due to the poor conditions.
Pros: Flexibility and pay were great for the position, and having freedom to manage time as needed was great

Cons: customer can be a lot at times, especially during peak season some teammates don't help out as much as they should
Advice: keep doing your thing, they have been flexible with my schedule and have helped me out a lot as I have begun my journey.
Pros: good benefits, great teammates, lots of learning

Cons: Fully remote, so lacked onsite experiene. Very inexperienced manager who had not lead people before. Work is very segmented where they want you to follow a robotic script, process and minimal involvement in the creative process. Would not work there again.
Advice: Train your managers.
Pros: Good energy, excitement, well-paid, overall organizational openess to explore, learn and grow.

Cons: Old vs New mentality. Very clear hierarchy according to tenure. There are few real problems but people complain about the smallest things. Gossip culture, difficult work-life balance. People seem to hate their lives. After months of thinking about it, a few other newbies agreed that it felt like high school. Possibly specific to the Austin office. Very little focus on maintaining a positive culture with depth. Shallow realtionships.
Advice: Challenge your own management and fight for things that will enrich the culture and create more connections with the teams. Free food/ events aren't cutting it.
Pros: versatile workspace (you can work all over the building, wherever you have access to), awesome lunch venue, excellent benefits, devices provided, understanding management

Cons: No guarantees of permanent employment after working for 4-5 months, recommendations to other stores are difficult to secure, difficult to communicate with store leaders after work hours due to insulation of communications (for good reason)
Advice: The hiring team is amazing, they really do pick the most "human" people (for lack of a better word in the retail sense) and it shows. I hear though that the quality differs from store to store, but the team at Victoria Gardens was a pleasure to work with. Getting back in after being let go feels like getting kicked out of heaven though.
Pros: Discounts on products and stocks, flexible schedule for FWE workers (Temp. Specialists), good starting pay, great training and development opportunities

Cons: Difficult to move up. Always given vague feedback as to why you weren't promoted. There isn't a work/life balance. You're held accountable for other employee's mistakes. No weekends off. Always short staffed. Budgets for store use are very low which means you sometimes can't even get a new shirt.
Advice: Take care of your staff. They work hard, even when burnt out.
Pros: Health / Medical benefits are good

Cons: not enough repair time; spread out with customer interaction
Advice: None
Pros: Abilitiy and education to instill comfort within doing repairs on your own. you do have someone holding your hand. they provide you with training to gain proper confidence for any repair necessary.

Cons: no growth no advancement opportunities
Advice: give more pay when more work is done because there's no incentive to work as hard as possible when colleagues can get by slacking doing minimal work
Pros: get to meet some really nice people

Cons: Lacking in growth opportunities or clear career paths
Advice: Learn from the last decade of tangible proof that remote work is the future, that not knowing how to move forward towards a better future isn't a reason not to.
Pros: medical, dental, vacation time, sick time, annual raises

Cons: Same process for internal and external candidates. You have to inform your current manager before the interview Good luck If the new role is nor on your location
Advice: Allow more permanent remote roles Ease the internal transfers
Pros: If you land a job on apple products or services you get to write history.

Cons: Schedule is brutal. Have to use vacation days sometimes just to get weekends off. Some favoritism/accommodations made for employees if they complain about their schedule enough which makes it harder and harder for everyone else just to get time off on the weekends or earlier shifts. Hard to see a long term career in retail management when schedule is so hard to get regular time off with kids or partner.
Advice: Please please please get rid of the Lead job and instead hire more managers. Or, assign the same priveleges to leads on top of comp (such as ability to work remote/vpn provisioning). Its hard to grow and network when the only time you are able to do this is in the store when you can access email/systems, etc, where you are expected to spend much of your time customer facing.
Pros: Great, I mean, GREAT benefits. Bump in RSU grants since you are apart of leadership. Really competitive hourly rate. Different types of sick or time away pay so that you only use sick time when you are really sick (other than with Covid-19)

Cons: Soul-crushing and mind-numbing work for an evil massive corporation. Coworkers were vapid and brainwashed and Apple-obsessed. There was nothing interesting or exciting about working there.
Advice: If you’re a manager at Apple you’re probably not smart enough to take any of my advice seriously
Pros: Good benefits, good pay, relatively easy (albeit incredibly boring) work

Cons: A lot of the managers will tell you company jargon to compete with your life issues. Most people call it the "Applesauce" lol. 

A little bit less Micromanaging would be nice.
Advice: None
Pros: The best part of working at apple to me was my peers. So many different people with different personalities. Everyone is also very willing to help you if you need it. 

Training is great, a good amount of time to get up to speed, and growth is exponential at Apple.

GREAT benefits package.

Cons: I don’t feel as though I had any cons to working along side Apple employee!
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working with technology and the Apple community to build my skills working with technology and community!

Cons: Pay could certainly be more competitive. It's not bad, but it's just enough to not really complain but not enough to be able to comfortably invest and afford to live comfortably in high cost of living areas.

RTO isn't ideal but its not the worst.
Advice: None
Pros: The people have been extremely nice. Like nicer than most places. And Apple clearly cares about its people. So it's nice to be somewhere where you dont feel like you have to don a mask just to get through the day.

Cons: - It’s hard to move up in the company
- HR is really not much help during the hiring process. Their communication to applicants is awful and they always come across disorganized. Example - I applied for a job once and never heard anything back. I figured I didn’t get it. One year later (not joking here), HR reached out to me about the role and if I’m still interested. I said yeah, and moved forward with a HR screening and a writing assessment. Again, didn’t here anything. The whole experience was frustrating.
Advice: Take more of an initiative to take interest in the work your direct reports are doing.
Pros: - Encouraged to work independently
- You’ll be give work that challenges you
- Management is supportive of your career goals and interests 
- Good opportunity to really learn a lot while in your role
- People take the extra effort to do a good job and to help each other

Cons: I was overworked, overstressed, lost my ability to communicate with others because of the ratio of jerks to customers who knew how to treat you like a human being. Company makes you feel bad for taking time off and doesn't make a proper work/life balance possible.

I have family who has gotten to the corporate levels of Apple and the work/life balance doesn't get better.

I have friends who left for other Apple stores and they had the same experiences.

Beware. You need to have a STRONG will to separate work from life to survive this job, at least at the "specialist" level. Also, I hope you like upselling because if you don't do it enough you'll get a talking to.
Advice: Treat your employees better. Encourage them to take their sick time and don't guilt them when they do, or ask more questions then you should be. Stand up for your employees when they're being hassled, and be proactive about assisting them - don't wait for it to get so bad that they have a breakdown.
Pros: I made a handful of friends and learned to keep an eye out for companies taking advantage of me.

Cons: Little to no work life balance, long hours, not worth the pay if you can find a better team or company. Blindsided by manager and higher ups.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool company to work for and have on your resume. Great pay.

Cons: There is mandatory overtime. They require you to multitask and expect the same result as if you were focused on a single task.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is positive. People are usually excited to work for a large company that pays reasonably.

Cons: It's retail, you are going to deal with impossible-to-please customers and hectic days where the store is always so packed.
Advice: Give some of your people some time on the weekends to relax and take time to catch up on their mental health, working at Apple is not always rainbows and sunshine, ESPECIALLY in the retail setting.
Pros: The benefits and people are always the core for working at Apple, on top of working with some of the best tech in the world.

Cons: -Extremely hard to advance, particularly out of your current department -Pay raises are given as flat rates except to a few employees -Pay discussions are extremely hidden and taboo -Disparity of pay between female/male employees -Inflexible with working remote exceptions
Advice: Please actually listen to your employees and provide actionable, working feedback instead of fluff.
Pros: -Excellent benefits, including stock options -Astounding on-site campus benefits including local medical staff -Approachable management

Cons: - a lot of young people, take that how you will - inconsistent hours &amp; weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: - some of the most amazing people I’ve ever met - mentors &amp; leaders that care about you as a person

Cons: There have been many changes that seem to be in the interest of money that have never been an issue before.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, nice environment, helpful team, many resources

Cons: You are the verbal punching bag for Apple.
The customers are awful &amp; panic-inducing.
Apple does not have your back when customers threaten you.
No room for growth
You have to bid for your schedule and it's 100% based on surveys or CSATS. 
TM's will lie and say it's not, it is.
Below average pay for the scope of technical support AHA offers 
AHA is the redheaded stepchild of Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: I think some of the kindest people I've met work at Apple.
The pay is above average for call center work.
Remote

Cons: Not all upper management is fully vested in their teams. At many times it seems their focus are in other places which causes a negative down trickle effect on lower level employees.
Advice: Have better accountability on upper leadership. Test their business knowledge on what they do and low performers will stick out like sore thumbs.
Pros: -Competitive pay -Hard work is recognized through stocks and bonus -Amazing teams

Cons: To much focus on "business" which seems just like solicitation with extra steps because it's all pay to play Not enough focus on the employees growth, just how much they can squeeze out of them in terms of sales
Advice: None
Pros: Great job if you're just graduating and looking to add a valuable skillset

Cons: Not fully buying into Remote work, believes employees need to be together to allow for innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Best leadership from CEO, COO, CFO, Board as well as Senior VPs. Company fights for what it believes in. Invests and plays to win, not to be second place. Top benefits in the Tech Industry.

Cons: -PAY | AppleCare advisors are underwhelming underpaid. For the same work I have found jobs paying $10k more a year than I make after 7 years. Apple employees should not have to apply for food stamps in order to survive. 

-WORK LIFE BALANCE | It is nearly impossible to have a work life balance when you have a family and it is absolutely impossible to have one if you are a single parent. AppleCare will not move into the 21st century when it comes to flexible schedules.

-WORKLOAD | AppleCare senior advisors have a large workload which would not be a problem if they were compensated accordingly 

-ENVIRONMENT | AppleCare has a toxic an environment when it comes to employee moral and the overall mental wellbeing for employees. They will have yearly surveys that they ensure will change the culture and management never implements what employees suggest and this has been the case for 7 years
Advice: Actually listen and implement what AppleCare advisors have been begging for over 7 years instead of implementing polices and procedures that have no positive impact on the overall employee experience.
Pros: -Good benefits - Health Care
-Looks great on the resume

Cons: Promotions can be difficult when applying inside the company. They tend to hire for higher positions externally
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to have during college as it offers a good work/life balance

Cons: When I tell people I work at Apple they say "quit bragging"
Advice: Notta
Pros: Good work-life balance - I like to stare at birds in my spare time. Some people call this 'bird watching' but I like to call it 'staring at birds'. I like birds.

Cons: -with that said… biggest con is : working on the weekends. All day. I was with Apple for 4 years, and I rarely got to spend a full day with family or close friends.
Advice: None
Pros: -The health benefits!! Apple employees get some of the lowest copayments when visiting the doctor/ hospital. 

-The culture in the store varies depending on where you’re located. My experience with management in the Lincoln Park store in Chicago was not good at all, but in Brickell City Centre in Miami… hands down some of the most supportive managers I’ve ever had. 

-Friendships built in both stores were amazing and I’ll cherish them.

-Major flexibility with school schedules/ parenting schedules.

Cons: a little chaotic sometimes, as some portions of the company are less driven by success given the eternal appeal of the iphone
Advice: a little more structure would help
Pros: during economic downturn, apple is stable is profitable. The technology and co workers are great.

Cons: For the amount if work required and the relationship maintenance needed to be successful the pay could be better.
Advice: all the benefits that the other departments get should also be included for this role. for example relocation incentive is not something that is offered but should be.
Pros: Work flexibility is something to take away from this role. Knowing I can perform this role from anywhere in the world with internet access is comforting.

Cons: a lot of overhead and is a very old style company at times
Advice: None
Pros: You have a lot of good benefits, and discounts, depending on team dictates a lot of things

Cons: No opportunities to grow beyond this role.
Advice: Look outside of the department you are currently in for growth opportunities.
Pros: Team environment with lots of opportunities to focus on people development!

Cons: Two Companies. One Name.

Apple Retail is treated as a separate company even though it's not.
Leadership is concerned with profit, sales, and metrics.

The people don't matter even after the creation of the the "People" organization. Granted - in Apple Retail the leader of Retail is the People department - because that's where most of the employees are.
I'm sure life in Apple Corporate is hunky dory.

Cons for Benefits?
If you needed a vacation in the Retail arena? Boom - we ain't got time for that.
Local Leadership- Oh you don't like to sell things? Let's promote you to customer.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros on Benefits? Most benefits were outstanding. If you wanted a discount on a product? Boom - 25% off one item per grouping. If you wanted to adopt? Excellent, here's some money for that. If you had a transplant? Excellent, have some money for that. If you had health issues? Excellent, here's some time off for that.

Cons: -Stressful - this is a metrics and customer survey-driven role. You will need to assist customers as quickly as possible while ensuring the Apple experience remains intact for the customer. 

-Facade - this is in the minority, but some folks from more senior roles are more interested in keeping appearances and advancement than assisting you. Again this is in the minority, but enough to mention.

-Resources - this company does a fantastic job of pumping out resources to their workers to help with everything from career advancement to personal well-being. However, the resources are spread out over dozens of different sites that could benefit from some considerable consolidation.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility - allowed to modify the schedule to fit your educational needs.

-Remote Work - tremendously helpful, reduced commute, and more time at home with family.

-Great Pay - the company will occasionally adjust pay if the cost of living dramatically increases in your area.

-Great Benefits - being a massive company, they offer various benefits.

-Great People - you'll encounter many career-driven folks that are willing to give you advice on succeeding in your role.

Cons: EXHAUSTING Get's old Politics Racism and bias in store leadership/management/corporate Management plays sides (ALWAYS) Unionizing Ostracizing
Advice: Not even worth it. I sent Tim Cook a message and got fired for it.
Pros: Total Benefits Employee Friendships (Excluding Management) Certain leaders truly go above and beyond and will support you

Cons: Team culture is totally opposite to company culture. Very toxic team environment, never encouraged for cross training and change of responsibility.

People around you working on same things for more than 5 years. If you ask for change in responsibility or cross training manager would decline. Manager expect you to work on same thing every day. You would have no motivation lack of new responsibilities and challenges. 

Very micro managing by manager feels like you are working in store as an hourly employee so you have to answer for every minutes you worked on which task. You need to take permission from your manager for 1:1 with their managers.

You have to include your manager as an optional in all meetings you schedules with your stakeholders so your manager keep an eye on you.
Advice: Please do not make anyone as a manager if person does not qualify for manager without lack of leadership quality or vision. 

No matter how intelligent your employees are without good manager you will not see great result.
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay
product discount
Great company culture but not in all teams.

Cons: MOST TOXIC PLACE I HAVE EVER WORKED!!! Idk a single person that hasnt worked for them that hasnt developed some type of mental illness from the stress and unreachable expectations that they set for you! For the amount of harassment and added on job roles that you have no choice but to do they do not pay enough and heaven forbid you seek help for the stress they will make it as difficult as possible. The harassment and cult culture is toxic and manipulation, gaslighting at it finest do not work for these people
Advice: redo everything
Pros: Working from home and health care was good

Cons: -Prides on being solely to help the customer but pushes numbers towards the employee despite customers being satisfied. -Scheduling can be a bit finicky sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: -Fantastic benefits -Generally good work culture -Management pretty good (varies from store to store)

Cons: Sometimes you get overwhelmed with all the appointments you have to take.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. I feel as though management at the apple is amazing.
Pros: Supporting team around you at all time.

Cons: Company wants people to work on site but does not offer enough pay to survive in the expensive cities where their offices are. Management basically said sorry but go back on site or leave. When I tell people I work at Apple, they imagine I have a decent life, I really don’t. Can’t see my future here.
Advice: Advocate for your people if you don’t have the power to change the system.
Pros: - Big company
- product discount 
- RSU
- smart coworkers

Cons: Customer prioritization over employee mental health
Advice: Re- introduce previous roles to those who show consistent feedback on new role performance Employee mental health value over customer satisfaction
Pros: Benefits Team Hourly pay (Highest in a “retail” space) Time off health insurance stock

Cons: should make more programs and remote work available for those who wants to work from home. as well as international program for those who wants to work over sees
Advice: when new employees become specialist, the training should be understanding and help for those that needs to be worked on
Pros: amazing skills sets that they teach. Very diverse with their community. have amazing program and networking when to find new paths to a career.

Cons: This position is not compensated fairly as opposed to other positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits to choose from including stock options. Take advantage of perks to get ahead in your career.

Cons: - Sometimes grueling work
- You can work extremely hard for years and then find out someone who just started is making more money than you
- You and peers that stand up for pay transparency and better conditions will be criticized and told you should be grateful for what you get
- Management can overlook employees complaints of racism by other workers or customers as well as not take harassment claims seriously enough
Advice: - Hire more disabled people and truly listen to your black and brown employees when they share experiences of racism in the store 
- Do not wait to replace someone in a leadership position that is harassing employees 
- Do not criticize employees for demanding a fair wage or the internal advancement they work tirelessly for
Pros: - Was able to have fun on the job! 
- Management is encouraging 
- Super supportive internal system to support me while I was struggling with chronic illness 
- Great benefits 
- Made many friends
- Diverse team of employees

Cons: It could take years to move to a leadership role. No more promotions once you become genius.
Advice: None
Pros: Once you reach genius you’ll be able to work on all apple products

Cons: better than most jobs out there during school.
Advice: None
Pros: jobs got great benefits and part time hours are great to have free time during the week but also picking up shifts if you need it!

Cons: Weed is not allowed on Apple Campus and that is why I am no longer employed by them.
Advice: Allow weed.
Pros: Really enjoyed being around innovation, some of the software engineers can be mean but thats ok. Food was dope.

Cons: Co-workers lack proper education about the products being sold, small internal spaces for workers at retail stores, and lack of amenities for the retail environment.
Advice: Educate your workers to provide better customer service.
Pros: Safe job to have, lots of benefits, and a very relaxed working environment.

Cons: Partner store employees may not like Apple so it's crucial to build good relations.
Advice: None
Pros: Kind People. Good Part-Time Benefits. Very accommodating schedule for students.

Cons: Compensation is a sore point for every single person on my team and for everyone I talk to on other teams. Business claims to pay the competitive market rate but as people leave in droves we learn they find much higher pay for similar roles across the board elsewhere in the same city. More and more outsourcing taking place to save on paying employees a living wage. A recent “generous” attempt to raise wages and appease people managed to go lower than total inflation this year so was effectively a pay decrease in terms of purchasing power for most people. 

HR plus the outsourced business that does all the paperwork seems to be designed to help Apple rather than the employee. Heard dozens of sad and frustrating first hand experiences from direct co workers about being ignored or made to fill out complex paperwork to het help. I’ve witnessed a few (but not all) managers being confrontational and unprofessional. The public image is far removed from the extremely negative vibe in office exacerbated by the snails pace that the business has in addressing any of this, often with people forgetting all about things before a resolution . 

Offices are colorless, lifeless, dystopian grey/white/silver with a splash of “art” of a phone or computer product here and there, so it makes a fairly miserable place to spend time in. Outside is much nicer but the heat is too much to be out there a lot and there is very limited shade for outdoor seating.

Inflexibility on work from home feels silly after doing it well for 2 years. No real rhyme or reason why some people get to work at home and others to not on the same team.
Advice: Treat employees like humans (not disposable robots), support them, and pay the real market rate. Have better ways to share feedback often from employee and really listen. Overhaul the office culture from top to bottom.
Pros: The stock plan is excellent and the campus services are top notch - medical / dental / gym / vision all on site. Restaurant used to serve great food at reasonable prices and might do again one day (was very reduced post-covid). 401 k match also solid. Facilities are modern and easy to navigate. Leave generous for US companies even if it’s a bit behind some direct competitors.

Cons: Simple but exhausting due to the many personality types you deal with. Constantly talking all day is draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Simple work. A career experience opportunity that lets you apply to corporate roles.

Cons: A lot of favoritism and unfair key performance indicators to the job
Advice: Training the managers better since they often communicate in a clearly scripted way
Pros: Good benefits and a diverse work environment

Cons: It may be overwhelming as a lot of customer come in, and none of them are the same. You have to care a lot about your customer no matter what and push towards satisfying their needs and wants.
Advice: Just be yourself and be friendly. None of the management hates you nor wants to bash on you doing something wrong. They'll help you with everything that you need, all you have to do is ask.
Pros: With the amount of customers that come into the store, you're able to broaden your communication skills by using what you've learned throughout your training and applying to real situations. You learn about different devices that are either recent or new.

Cons: hire better managers. Management micro manages a lot and pushes services on to customers way too much we used to not measure metrics before but now it is all they care about so management can get bonuses. priortizes customer over employee journey. does not care if u are sick. if there's people waiting which there always is they will gaslight you into working through your pain
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and great pay

Cons: Wages are nowhere near covering the cost of living.
Higher management does not listen to employees. 
Food insecurity following low wages.
Management sells the vision of our roles being important and impacting people all over the world, yet expects us to live on feeling proud of our work, when it is money, not pride, that pays our bills.
Everyone is soon to be forced back to the office destroying any modicum of having real work/life balance.
CEO and his sycophants pride themselves in breaking barriers yet do not see that their employees are unhappy, that remote work helps in productivity, and would ultimately save the company money.
Advice: Remove Cook and his followers, replace them with someone who actually puts employees needs before investors, after all, it’s employees who create the value, not investors.
Pros: Medical, vision, dental insurances.
Requesting days off is quick and approved 99% of the time.

Cons: Not many of any at all maybe my 10K Securities book that makes it hard to understand what 2 trillion in cash and 16 billion in company stock has to do with when I get paid. I keep getting transferred to the teachers department?
Advice: Maybe that has something to do with me only after being one of the smartest people in technology whether getting paid does matter only there is little game involved especially working for myself and someone sometimes.
Pros: I have a worlds record for computer programming that compared to professional researching analysts.

Cons: It’s hard to move up in retail as there are a ton of part time workers but only so many full time positions. Your best bet is to try to get an internship(Career Experience as Apple calls them) and look for more advance opportunities in other parts of the company.
Advice: Sometimes my manager makes it hard to take advantage of resources we have rights to including paid time off or sick leave. I had covid without any severe symptoms and my manager said since i’m not sickly that i couldn’t use sick leave for days I would be forced to miss due to covid. Also asking for days off seems like i’m asking for $20,000 in borrowed money. But i’m sure that’s just my manager and not company wide. 

The pay when I started was about $17 an hour but for all the responsibilities we have and considering Best Buy starts at $15 I feel like I should be payed more.
Pros: They provide a company phone with service, pay for Apple Watch cellphone coverage, $300 gym credit, and great stock purchasing options

Cons: A lot of people believe they know everything when they don't. Sometimes unorganized because people can't communicate effectively. Managers don't give you much freedom.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, the latest tech, and great pay.

Cons: This is a company that strives to be the best. Not really a con.
Advice: None
Pros: The team trusts employees and gives freedom to create your own schedule.

Cons: Mobility within positions and permanence can be a bit awkward to approach.
Advice: Use the entire repertoire of creative resources both personally and at the Apple stores to make it entertaining and comfortable for employees to operate in what can sometimes become congested spaces for hours on end without sitting.
Pros: Lots of resources to help guide through information. Friendly team mates, thorough interview process. Great benefits.

Cons: The time commitment for a part-timer can come close to that of a full time position.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple's culture is great at both an individual and team level. It was great to have time for personal development with the aid of a wide range of tools and leadership feedback. Great benefits and opportunity to pursue passions.

Cons: Busy work environment and requires you to multitask on a different level some days.
Advice: Hire the best person for the job not someone who meets a metric.
Pros: Benefits are the best I've ever received. (I've also worked fulltime for Amazon)

Cons: Management can be prone to favoritism and in severe cases retaliation. They aren’t great at recognizing the employees who actually work hard and want to provide a better a culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and starting pay for a retail job.

Cons: Lack of staff, management isn’t the most supportive, it’s retail so customers are a big con at times
Advice: Rules should be applied to everyone, specific people get away with things from specific managers
Pros: Coworkers are great, pay and benefits was good compare to other PT spots

Cons: Bay area location is terrible Paying higher salaries outside bay area when compared with bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance Great Comp Great company culture

Cons: -Overall direction of new leadership and management. Prioritization of metrics and statistics. Although these stats were always important (they are factored in to determine pay increases), I've noticed newer leadership change how they treat different employees over small changes or minor trends in sales metrics (Applecare,trade-in, accessories,connected).

-Work-life balance is not well for a full-time role. Hours are long and can be tedious, working long is expected and rewarded. For college students, I would've recommended a part time role, but even then the schedule inconsistency and still high commitment would only be for those who can effectively balance the two as equal. I was burnt out and ready for something new after about 2-1/2 years, many will stay for years, some decades.

-You are taught that the Apple experience is about doing what's right for the customer, within the boundaries of what's possible for the company. Often, even a straightforward and legitimate solution (the one our service guide recommends) involves jumping through many hoops to get the customer,leadership,and system to all agree. As a starting specialist, you are the professional hoops jumper, especially at the genius bar.

-Consistent issues with in-store software and hardware, internal tools and services going down, loss of written notes and repair details. Service blackouts are usually minutes but can sometimes last for hours. Daily re-write ups of unsaved repairs or broken repair chains. Extreme lack of production due to these problems, usually amplified by the higher amount of customers we saw at our smaller and less employed store.

Slight anti-union attitude, but no outright call against them. We saw other large stores in cities unionize, I know some of my fellow employees weren't opposed to the idea given the dissent from work-life balance.
Advice: -New management is treating many employees differently, doing favors for them or their customers, or prioritizing them for promotions based on sales statistics. This is something that was trending worse before I left. 

-Solutions are becoming more restrictive, higher cost, almost no room to work with customers and leadership. Often, we are just button pushers on an ipad.

-Recent high turnover at our GB and larger stores unionizing are proof apple retail has changed significantly since reopening post-lockdown.
Pros: -You will work with some fantastic and creative professionals, everyone is kind and very welcoming. The company culture is good, although it can be a bit corny or repetitive at times.

-Excellent benefits and free/discounted Apple services, products etc. Great coverage for insurance and family options available, lots of little company perks. Good stock options, RSUs, occasional bonuses. 

-Competitive/higher than average starting wages for retail space.

-Room to really grow and work your way up in the retail space. Getting promoted/role change is hard work but would pay off well for those looking to lead their team. Many options available for those looking for a career experience at the corporate level after being successful in your current role.

-Great loyalty to and from their employees, although sometimes this means we just 'do whatever corporate thinks we should'. During store closures amid the pandemic apple had all of us work our full hours remotely on collaboration and individual and group projects, great to see them take care of us like that compared to many other retail spaces.

-Genuine joy from helping others often at no cost (depending on hardware/software issue) and repairing trust in Apple's products and services. A personal passion of mine.

-Some new minor benefits and lower schedule requirements for employees coming soon (mostly in response to work life balance issues, see below).

Cons: Apple products are too expensive, they should send me some apple products for free.
Advice: If you want to become a good manager, I would advise you to practise self pleasurment to increase your and your teams productivity
Pros: Awesome to work at apple

Cons: depending on location opportunity to move up is difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Open communication, pays well, great team depending on location family vibes

Cons: - Poor management
- Proper raises were only ever considered after losing 2/3 of our team in under a year
- Being a giant corporation, resolutions to issues come at a trickle
Advice: Management should treat their staff with more (or, in some cases, any) respect. Employees have been told over and over that they aren’t good enough for leadership opportunities unless they move to other stores. Managers are continually demeaning to employees, using gaslighting tactics to try and squeeze anything extra from people eager to prove themselves and move up in a company most of us were excited and hopeful to work for. The least offensive trait I see from management on a regular basis is just laziness; constantly shoving employee needs onto other managers, or refusing to do overrides because we are supposed to be watching how many we do. Respect will go so much further than condescension.
Pros: - Decent discounts
- Good staff
- Good benefits

Cons: The environment is very much "how can we get you to work as much as a possible" - most jobs thrive on work/life balance. Apple Retail's is all talk. Working in the Genius Bar, they mostly care about how many appointments you can take.
Advice: None
Pros: This company can provide high compensation for a retail job and opportunities to create a great future for yourself. Especially if you do not have the education or experience background.

Cons: Timeline and workload can be very stressful due to insufficient hands on deck. Situation seemed to have improved after my departure.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging and fast paced, lots of smart people to work with and learn from.

Cons: Retail hours are challenging. Plenty of nights and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing. Great place to learn, grow and work on yourself. Benefits are stellar.

Cons: Horrible management that did not have proper core values and good morals.
Advice: Be more diligent with how you speak with teammates.
Pros: Great opportunity for customer rapport and customer relationships. Room for career development and clear representation of diverse community and company culture.

Cons: You have to be willing to be on your feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: They really take care of every individual and I believe they part in effort to make sure they put the team over the customer. Best training I’ve had in any job.

Cons: not much focus on revenue but certain aspects and services are pressured to push on the customer and that can get annoying asf
Advice: stop letting the bonuses that you receive but we do not, influence your emotions on how we perform. we're doing our best damn, give us a break
Pros: pay, benefits, team, freedom to work independently, no commission so no pressure to sell certain products
