Cons: - Totally absent culture. Too heavily top-down and too much "corporate speak" that goes in circles
- Very little opportunity to learn something new and modern that keeps you competitive in today's industry
- Very outdated tech
- Lots of in-fighting and office politics between IT and business
- The only people who seem to be promoted are jerks because they've been there so long
- Horrible communication tools and methods
- Even though lots of people, many are overworked with little time resources because they are so badly allocated
- College new hire program is a joke. Little to no training and you could wind up stuck in your position
Advice: - Work on developing culture for real. Lots of buzzwords and leadership terms flying around the place but they don't mean anything other than "management wants us to do X to for their yearly review"
- Get rid of outdated tech ASAP (development in IE...really?). You're not building better employees with the toolset you have now and you're not attracting top talent because of it either
- Totally feels like GM came to Austin to try to suck up tech talent in the region but it doesn't seem like you are giving much back to it in return. This is not Detroit/Warren. Act like it and know where you are. Many people seem to be stagnant and stuck in their careers unless they leave the company, which is also hard to do because no one is impressed with the experience people have at GM...
Pros: - Great benefits, lots of vacation days
- Depending on the team, could be good balance if you are close to retirement or just became a parent
- Lots of resources in terms of people to contact since company so big

Cons: Teams, that work on the same systems, do not communicate to each other much. 
People do the same work without knowing about it until it's too late. 
Some management tries to play a cut-throat game. 
Managers promise to the business some new products behind the backs of their colleagues and then pushes the whole team to achieve those goals before anyone got the same idea and implemented it.

Higher management pushes for the following principles: "speak up", "it's on me", "innovate" and a lot of others. The actual team managers say that they very much agree with all of this to the business but behind their backs they say those principles are stupid and if you try to bring anything up to their attention you can get your bonus cut, your salary won't increase or they can even threaten you to be fired. All they care about is to deliver the requested set of features before the deadline. If it does not function properly during the release time they will start point fingers and blame other teams/certain team members/other managers. Anything just to prove their work is great and the reason we are going to miss the deadline is somewhere else.
Advice: GM has way too many managers and yet the actual workers cannot get their words up to the business attention. Good thing they also have architects who can pause the development rush and straighten things out before it's too late.
Pros: A lot of different tech, projects, and smart people to gain more experience and knowledge from.
Competitive compensation and pretty good benefits (especially if you've been there for a few years).

Cons: Any hope of keeping up with modern tech stacks here is minuscule.  Most of the company does not do any work on the cloud.  When they do, not Azure/AWS but rather PCF.  In Austin, the management is full of ex Dell employees that look out for each other.  So you end up with engineering managers who probably don't know the first thing about coding basics or current trends in the industry.  

They are also afraid of the business team.  Management will lie to your face about being innovative and pushing the envelope.  Really what ends up happening is you either take over some old poorly written legacy applications that the business team has no desire to re-write.  Or the business team will buy a poorly written COTS product that is not enterprise ready.  Finally they are cheap.  No benefits like decent laptops (you will get a heavy brick), cafeteria, gym, training outside of new college hires, etc.  Company morale was bad after the layoff.  Only come work here is you are towards the end of your career and just want something to sail into retirement with.  Finally, the employee discounts are a joke.  You can bargain yourself that same deal.
Advice: Try to actually grow a spine when dealing with the business team.  Stop the huge preferential treatment to Dell employees.
Pros: Benefits are nice.  It will make you appreciate your other jobs.  Bonus is decent but just leave the day after you get it.

Cons: Very little room for growth. 
Not work-from-home friendly, executives place emphasis on a work-from-work culture. 
LOTS of red tape and approvals to get through for almost any and every project. Requesting access to data/environments can become a pain. 
Work/projects can vary throughout your time with the company and change dramatically. I was hired as a BI developer on  a reporting &amp; analytics team, then somehow our team transitioned from doing analytics to operations support. We were given projects with almost no regards for our individual skill sets. People on different teams could be traded at any time like baseball players.
Advice: Treat teams of people like PEOPLE rather than like cogs you can float around to fit in any spot. Allow your employees to work from home at least once or twice a week. If you can't trust your employees to work when they're at home, why hire them in the first place?
Pros: Great benefits. Very good health insurance, 401K matching (8% -- but a THREE year vesting period), vacation time (start with 15 days, 20 days after 2 years of service), unlimited sick days (don't come from PTO), and a pretty good performance bonus. 

Good work/life balance. 

The team I had the pleasure of landing on was a dream. Younger team, between the ages of roughly 25-30, with great chemistry. My direct manager was a dream to work for, and genuinely seemed to care for each of his direct reports personally and professionally, but other teams could be much different.

Cons: Most of the time you are constricted with cumbersome procedures / directives of the day.  The procedures / directives come from countless sources, and most of the time have the personality of the responsible executive, or something that was interrupted by one of the executive's minions.  These rouge procedures / directives are difficult to get through, and most of the time are misinterpretations, or will change before anyone understands them.  The new phenomenon is that employees are scared to challenge these misguided procedures / directives, and countless hours are wasted on them.
Upper Management can be more like a dictatorship than leadership.
Advice: It is understood that you are "in charge".  It is time to start leading by guiding the people that are there to help, instead of driving loyal, dedicated people into comatose minions providing dogmatic output.   Instead of thinking "they just don't get it", you should make the people understand what it is that they do not get.  In the process you will grow that person, gain their trust, and have a mutual understand that will progress the company forward.  If you do not, you could be the limiting factor.   Also, maybe try elevating the individuals that people want to follow, and not the individuals that are right for you.
Pros: The engineering work is interesting, as it would be any OEM.  Vehicles are changing rapidly, and there are many challenging and learning opportunities within the automotive industry.  It is an exciting market to be in.

Cons: From the beginning, there was little to no work to be done at GM. I spent months without any projects or real purpose there. As time went on I found my niche on a good team of dedicated and hardworking employees in the manufacturing area. However the entire time, management was inconsistent and dishonest regarding projects and performance. I was told that I would be receiving a poor mid-year performance review because my team was over-performing and I was an excelling employee, but not enough. Because of this review, I was laid off, literally my manager's words. There are many reasons why you shouldn't work for this company, but the primary being, they are short-sighted and close-minded. If you wish to be treated like an adult, then don't work here.
Advice: Treat your employees like adults. I was kept in the dark about pay raises, bonuses, lay-offs, performance, and projects, the entire time I was employed at GM. How are employees supposed to work well if there is no visibility and clarity? It is sad. GM could be so good, but there is no trust and it poisons the entire organization. Why hire someone if you don't trust they will get the job done?
Pros: GM provided me with good resources to further educate myself and the time to do so. I also met some great people there. To be quite frank, the people I worked with made it tolerable to work there and I don't know how I would've got on without it.

Cons: Very poor IT.  Hardware and Software restrictions are extreme.  Design process is extremely bad.  Have suppliers/vendors doing the same thing as internal folks.  Feels more like competition than collaboration. 
Company totes the "One Team" phrase but is rarely carried out.  Many times you really get the sense that people do not want to help or even like their jobs.  Director/Management along with senior level folks are very overrated, condescending,  alot of talk/no action folks.   More time spent on presentations for leadership than the actual product that goes into the vehicles.   They do not know how to properly manage the people/content that they are assigned to oversee, directly affecting the product.   Do not work here if you want to grow as a visual designer.   You most likely will not even be doing design work, rather tedious production work.   A Lot of overpaid and under worked individuals.  Seems to be a very high turnover rate for the people that care about what they do and are good at it.
Advice: Management needs restructuring.  Design group managers should have knowledge of what they oversee. Very bad!  GM is a company that wants to be seen as a tech company rather than just an automaker,  they have a long, long road ahead of them.  Far too many dinosaurs/old way of thinking people.
Pros: Great 401k, Up to 8% employer contribution.   Great Bonus.  Good paid vacation.

Cons: Plant life it hard and transitioning into a role outside the plant can be very difficult and for some people impossible.

Leadership often tries to steer  people's careers in the direction they believe it should go in.

Despite a very large and expensive effort to transform and improve the organizational culture, the effects are not being seen at the plant level. 

The high salary you get for working in the plants comes at a price. We have some of the best health care benefits in the industry because we put out bodies on the line working 7 days a week and sometimes 12 hours a day pounding the concrete. The stress level makes people sick. Many supervisors and managers take sick leave for foot, knee, or hip surgeries. Healthy people under the age of 40 have heart attacks. This work is not for the faint of heart and I don't believe it's meant to be done for more than 5 to 7 years.
Advice: Recognize plant workers as real people. They are not some how indestructible or have magic powers just because they do a physically and mentally harder job than people in administrative functions.
Pros: Salaried employees working in plants make overtime in addition to their base pay which gives the potential to make tens of thousands of dollar more per year

The health care benefits include vision and dental. There's also an HSA option.
401K Matching is some of the highest out of any of the other large companies.

Most salaried employees are eligible for some type of annual raise even if it's small.

Cons: - As of May 2019, all the software engineers &amp; developers have to take production support 24 hours and that pissed off lots of developers and lots of them already quit
- No growth. I have been working as Senior software engineers for 4 years and I did not see anybody promoted within. 
- They do not offer free coffee. You have to bring your own or pay them $80 for 6 months
- Their cafeteria food is very expensive, i.e. $12 for burger alone.
- Every year, you have to achieve 70% of your bonus, otherwise you will land in Performance Improvement Plan (PFI). No second chance available, if you land in PFI again. 
- I know lots of good developers being force to quit because of PFI. Your manager have to like you to avoid PFI. Too many favoritism involved. 
- ZERO work from home/Flexibility availability. You must be in office 
- They have laid off 40% of the workforce in February (search the GM news). They have been boasting about laid-off since October, that led many GM employee to quit in fear of laid-off.
- One month after massive layoff, they are massive hiring and I see 40+ position opening.  
- If you are in project for over a year, and you decide to change manager/project, its super hectic to get approval from your current manager.
- Absolutely no work life balance after they announced that everybody have to do 24/7 Production Support.
Advice: If you don't like your employee, please give them second chance to work under different manager.
Pros: Their salary is OK but not competitive in market.

Cons: - If you are not friends with management you will not get good raises or bonuses
- I know people on my team that worked very hard and did majority of the work in certain areas of our application but did not get a raise simply because other people were friends with our manager and the money went to them
- A lot of time wasted on future job goals and your manager does not do anything about it. I have told my manager I wanted to work more on front-end and API more than 5 times and he said "These discussions are more for your benefit not mine."
- I said it earlier but I will say it again, be friends with management other wise you will not benefit as much as others 
- Reorganizations happen every year there
- A lot of things you do are based off the CIOs metrics. They don't care what you think as long as their metrics are where they want
Advice: - Be fair. If employees work hard give them the raise and bonus they deserve
Pros: - 20 vacation days (you have to use them every year or your lose them. It makes it nice because management knows and normally doesn't care when you take them)
- 16-17 paid holidays in addition to vacation time (you get voting day off, enough said)
- Friendly environment
- $45 a month for health care (banner network only, there is an option for other networks as well)

Cons: There were a bunch of unkept promises. They sell you on the fact that moving between teams is an easy option if you get bored or want to try something new. Not so easy. I worked at GM for over four years and spent over two trying to switch teams. The new college hire program could use work too. Many people just get placed on teams and into positions that don’t even align with what they learned in college. You end up with people in developer roles that aren’t developers, and developers that are placed in tester positions, etc.
Advice: Place people in positions where their skillset aligns. Instead of just throwing bodies on teams, take more time up front to place them in positions where they can grow and contribute right away. Also if you say that you can easily switch around teams, make that apparent or don’t sell the idea that it is simple when really it is not. It is easy to get pigeonholed if you aren’t careful and looking out for yourself and your own career.
Pros: This was my first job out of college and for a first job, it was a good one. I got to learn a lot and work with some nice and talented people. The facility in Chandler is nice and new and close to plenty of food options near by. The benefits and yearly bonus are some of the best around.

Cons: Anyone is fair game for elimination at any time.  We had a small team of programmers in Chandler and we were very busy - working non-stop 10 days a week.  In February, we were individually escorted to a conference room where each of us were 'separated' from the firm.  None of this made sense as we were doing good work and always busy.  

Also, it takes 3 years for your $401K to fully vest.  As I was coming up on 3 years,  the large amount of money that GM had contributed to my retirement was gone.  Keep in mind that your $401K will be at risk of not vesting if you leave the company before years or your job is eliminated.
Advice: Consider the families you are affecting when you eliminate people's jobs.  I lost many classmates and friends all because the 'company' decided to eliminate jobs during a time of record profits.  In my opinion, layoffs should only be considered as a last resort.  

Also, only lay off the people who truly deserve to go.   Good, busy programmers do not deserve to be shown the door in such a demeaning way
Pros: I was so excited when GM recruited me from my University.  My family had bought GM vehicles all our lives and I was excited to work for them.  There is no shortage of work, expect longer than average work days.   There are a lot of opportunities to get involved with the Arizona Innovation Center and plenty of good people.

Cons: There is still a lot of the culture that was described in the Velukas report left at GM. It's very difficult to work around silos if you end up in a role that is horizontal. You'll find that not much gets done because everyone says that piece belongs to a different silo so I won't help you. GM calls itself a tech company but I hear complaints daily from my coworkers about how they wish GM was more like Apple. GM wants to be the best at everything but I don't always see them committing significantly more resources to things they want to be the best at. There's also a lot of turnover/changing of staff on projects that are "important". Instead of work being done to move projects forward, most of the work is done to catch the new people up.
Advice: Don't hire new employees to empire build. Have a plan for what they'll do when you bring them on. If you can't think of enough work for them to do, talk with them about moving to another department within GM for their career experience instead of telling them how terrible every other department is and that yours is the only one do anything valuable.
Pros: -Good salary for what you're doing
-Freedom to pursue side projects
-Good vacation and holiday schedule
-Excellent 401K matching

Cons: Layoffs will be a trend for quite some time. The company wants to pivot long-term strategy at the cost of 8000+ jobs.  This change will encounter many business head winds -- increased competition, increased environmental regulations, pressures from DC to save American jobs, a hot global economy trying to find a spot to rest and normalize, etc.  C-level management is detached from many functions in different orgs, so the default is to layoff/fire people (blue and white collar).  Brazil offices were shut down, several more international locations will meet their fate soon. 

IT is a mess.  Other reviews noted Randy Mott's short-comings and they're all true.  There is a "good ol' boy" system that protects loyalists. If you're gifted with a passion for technology, don't come here.  Management creates a "favorites" list used to determine promotions and corrective action plans.  Problem is, these list are not based on merit, skill, or education level.  They must "like" you to advance.  This creates problems because junior level staff are often more skilled and knowledgeable  than superiors.  Direct reports can deliver successful milestones *in spite* of management. Finally, the % of technical and non-technical staff is severely out of balance.  It's difficult to explain important IT concepts to dev managers or supposed architects who last wrote code in the 1990s.
Advice: clean house.  start over.
Pros: Co-workers are genuine and try their best.  Passionate technologist work in  many organizational functions. They're worthy of better treatment from management.

Cons: - Inefficient tech/IT investment. GM does not attempt to recruit and grow software developers from the top tech firms. Instead, we do less with more. 
- Unless you’re a GM lifer, it’s improbable you’ll make it past the Manager level (8th Level). This was confirmed by the recent senior executive appointments to replace legacy GM vets, like Batey and Boler-Davis. In the last four years, there were four Senior Execs (Mary’s team) who left and all were replaced by 20+ year GM vets, no external hires. Hard to buy into the transformation we’ve been hearing so much about when hiring practices evidence more of the same ole GM. 
- Shared services (IT, Legal, Purchasing, Finance, HR) have no internal accountability. None of these core functions are aligned with their business units’s CAP goals (GM’s goal/target system), nor are they aligned with the internal morale survey (Workplace of Choice). The result is lack of accountability, alignment, and shared vision. Pair the above with minimal co-location and you have a recipe for sub-optimal results. 
- Surprising how many people are there to collect a pay check versus truly being invested in the company and the future of auto. To be honest, it’s a shame because GM had a ton of momentum as recent as 12 months ago.
Advice: It’s tough to steer the ship in a different direction at this point. Godspeed.
Pros: - Strong pay
- Strong benefits

Cons: Been with GM for 20 years and gone through a bankruptcy, TWICE where all employees took a permanent across the board pay cuts, and now the 25% head count reduction.  This is all due to very poor management!  Friends at other OEMs have not gone brought this same chaotic ups and downs to this extreme.  Advancement opportunities aren’t based on skill set but on who you know.
Advice: GM has serious issues with management.  Program teams are hesitant to tell upper management the truth or push too hard against what higher ups have indicated they want out of fear of reprisal.  This leads to costly bad decisions.  Way to heavy on 8th level managers...some supervising one employee....totally unnecessary...unless they have 6-10 employees then the 8th level position should be eliminated or consolidated.  Directors are totally clueless.  The executive directors have a good grasp on what needs to be done but the Director level is again a waste of money and could be eliminated.
Pros: Great benefits and vacation time.  Pay is excellent.  Wonderful coworkers.  Good for entry level experience before you move on to a more stable company.  GM offers a great starting point but nothing longer term unless you are comfortable with instability every five years.

Cons: You learn at a slower rate because IT teams are so large and politics play such a large role in development so that you're dependent heavily upon teams which do not care to support you but will not hesitate to block you from making progress.
Bad managers and rude leaders keep their positions even when they receive tons of reports for poor behavior and overall rudeness
I loved working at GM over the years, but things have gone downhill especially since the giant layoff earlier this year. It left the rest of us here feeling awkward and overwhelmed with new responsibilities. New managers took over without understanding what their new teams would even be doing..
Advice: Care more about what your younger hires have to say. There's a reason they leave in droves.
Pros: GM is very lax compared to most places
Their IT department in many areas, is state-of-the-art. We constantly focus on upgrading to the latest and greatest technologies within my team
Vacation and holiday time is AMAZING. The work/life balance is as great as you want it to be. I haven't found any company that's as competitive with this side of benefits.

Cons: Too many to list. Rampant disorganization, terrible culture, useless lower to mid-level management. I unfortunately wasted two years of my career here and got nothing other than a few connections. My team was unassigned for the better part of those two years, so my job performance was based on how long I sat at my desk every day with nothing to do. Once we finally did get a project assigned, it was "shelved" because they found out (after three months of 7 people working on it) that another team was already developing it. I came on with a mass new college hire group and very few of them made it past three years of employment. Unless a stereotypical corporate lifestyle really appeals to you, do yourself a favor and don't work here.
Advice: Find your quality employees and do what you can to keep them around.
Pros: As you might expect of a company this size, benefits are good. 
Some people I know had flexible hours and could WFH, but that's at a team level so results may vary. 
It is almost impossible to get fired. One of my friends took a two month Europe vacation without telling anyone, just up and left. His manager noticed after 7 and a half weeks of his absence and he only received a "stern talking to" about his vacation.

Cons: Traditional, Paternalistic, Confused, Top Down Leadership
Very difficult to grow professionally (incestuous focus on internal learning, no focus on benchmarking)
Micro-management pretty common here
Leadership pays lip service but does NOT listen to anything.  Just learn to nod your head and say yes.
Layoffs/Restructuring (which is the the same as layoffs as they force you to move into a job in which you are neither qualified or interested in doing so that you choose to leave and they don't have to pay you severance)
Advice: You need a critical mass to make effective, organizational change.  GM is a huge ship and pretty impossible to change the direction of the culture.  However, 1) get a CEO who has worked in other types of environments and not GM ALL of her life.  2) do a clean sweep of the level that reports to CEO and then, carefully, select only a few of the lower layers of mgt to stay.  3) Get RID of all the layers of management, 4) None of this matters cause GM will never listen and never learn.
Pros: Vacation (time off gets to 4 weeks in 3 years)
Pay seems to be equal or slightly higher 
Big Name Company
If you are really into cars?

Cons: Poor management from the region on down. On my team, every one of them was a seasoned sales person. The middle management couldn't sell water to someone lost in the desert. Often, they did more harm than good when they visited. The layoffs were interesting because GM lost a lot of new talent and retained a lot of dead weight. The management was only shuffled and those that were part of GM bankruptcy were still retained. Kind of like hoping your poker hand changes just by switching the cards around. Since the decisions were in the hands of the middle and region management, management suffered no loss and they cut elsewhere. And yes, even if you were a high performer with degrees and dealership management experience, if your manager did not like you, you're out.
Advice: As long as weighty decisions are left in the hands of middle and regional management, outcomes will always be seen as unfair or inept. Train managers to be managers instead of them just falling into the job because they are there. Being called "manager" does not give one the ability to manage suddenly. Otherwise, great products.
Pros: Great pay and benefits, great coworkers. The new company car every so often was great.

Cons: There is no stability.  There company is very volatile and will cut positions and teams without any notice.  In two years and two months of employment I with through 2 job role eliminations.  Very much still an old school butts in desk culture where you're not judged by what you do and have people hovering over wanting to know why you're not in your desk even if you're working in the same building working in a conference room for extended periods.
Advice: Adjust your culture for the younger work force.  Evolve the culture to reward work with the realization that the Monday-Friday 8-5 in the office work environment has been proven to not be effective.  Jobs come with levels that limit people to achieving success based off of past accomplishment as applying for positions your qualified for but may be more than one level above your current position is extremely difficult and relies on who you know not what you've done.
Pros: You quickly accumulate vacation days and have liberal holidays.  For salaried employees there's no real cap on personal days.  Generous relocation packages.

Cons: They dont care about you. They put you in situations in which u can get yourself injured. They keep adding to jobs which are already overloaded.  Temp employees have no rights. 10 yrs and they fired me because of my injury at work
Advice: Actually give a crap about your employees. They are not robots. Hire people who would take pride in their job. Not people who start drama and drink while working. You turned our iwn union against us by mining their pockets to do what you say. Id never buy a GM vehicle. They say quity quality quality. When they get mad when line stops when somethins wrong. Keep it going. Therefore creating  a a poor product. Never in my life will i purchase or support GM in any way shape or form. How about giving your workers more time off during the yr. More VR days. Working 6 days a week ans you think you are foung to build a quality product. Ipen your eyes to what you are doing to your workers yiu fired me because i hurt .y back while working for your company. I was on sick leave when you fired me. Yeah. You dont care about nothing
Pros: Money. Days off during holidays

Cons: High variance in experiences between teams.  Some teams are drastically overworked; some teams have too little direction where slacking can thrive.

Like any big company, change happens sloooowly.

There are lots of opportunities for almost any career path, but often, it's just going to be faster and more profitable to switch companies to get to where you want to go.

In my experience, the placement of younger individuals on teams rarely aligns with the individual's current skills or interests. People are brought on with the idea that they can be trained for the task at hand, and then they can apply for better fitting jobs later.

Messaging from management is a little too politically correct for my taste.  IMHO, life is supposed to be rough around the edges; it feels disingenuous when everything is always painted in a positive light.
Advice: A little cynicism goes a long way for building honest bonds with employees.
Pros: Great work-life balance.  Good benefits.  Management genuinely seems to care about their employees.

Cons: GM's business is selling trucks and cars - IT is just one of many tools they use, and when there are financial issues with the company, it's IT that takes the hit.  Just make sure you take advantage of all the training and system exposures they allow you.  Worst case scenario, your resume looks a lot better when you look for your next job.
Advice: Constantly losing too IT talent, a long with making totally unqualified people ITOC shift leads solely due to their pay grade hurts morale at the ITOC centers, and managers who are remanded for their behavior continue to harm as what work is done doesn't matter, as all is decided with the Matrics that managers don't use the same way.  Careers shouldn't end because one gets stuck with a bad manager
Pros: If hiring out of college, good starting pay and exposure to many different systems that look good on a resume

Cons: The constant layoffs and grinding bureaucracy. Some jobs did not offer much autonomy or flexibility. Work can be of very small scope due to large organizational structure. Upper management is out of touch with the average worker. All that the current upper management cares about is cutting costs and getting the stock price up (so that they can sell their stock options). Product quality has been suffering as a result.
Advice: Top level management seems to be out of touch. They never want to a actually fix inefficiencies - they would rather layoff large amounts of people at random and hope that the inefficiencies will "work themselves out." GM is a company with so much massive potential, but they continue to squander it.
Pros: Some jobs offered a lot of autonomy and were extremely flexible for a good work / life balance. Large company so there is the ability to move to other positions you may like. Individual managers can be very good.

Cons: Culture suffers for a number of reasons. One, Executive and Senior Leadership come from years of working Fortune 100 companies with old ideas of "work from work" and driving innovation on antiquated metrics developed 30 years ago. There is a struggle for GM IT to identify themselves as an innovative technology shop due to old school attitudes of GM Business, we build combustion engines for brands that don't spark demand.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for a company that has a mission for zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion by creating technology for electric autonomous vehicels. Lots of opportunities to improve your skillset, take on new roles and innovate on technology. Work life balance is great. Like all jobs there are times where you will have to put in extra time to get work done and meet deadlines, but overall work life balance is great.  Benefits are great including time off, insurance and bonus.

Cons: - GCCX/Onstar is a nightmare
- Leadership is not open-minded to change, stuck in their old ways (OLD GM)
- All executive decisions are made in Michigan. Austin is just a pair of hands to the company.
- New hires are not trained properly
- GM does not care to retain top-level talent
- A lot of lazy employees - you can get away with doing absolutely nothing
- Not team-oriented - everyone works in silos (our team vs theirs mentality)
- No office perks (holiday parties, coffee, team building events)
Advice: - Mary Barra - please looking into your leadership in GCCX.  A lot of political games that's hindering innovation. You are losing top-level talent due to this
- Invest in your employees! 
- Try and retain top-level talent. It's AUSTIN!  
- Get rid of employees who are not doing anything
Pros: - Great benefits and 401k matching
- Relaxed and flexible work environment
- Great place to start coming out of college to jump-start your career

Cons: The visions don't translate very well to the everyday employees. Lots of indirection within middle management and re-organizations every few months makes it almost impossible to know what is really important. Most areas of the technology are still stuck in the same place they were 5-10 years ago which makes keeping up with newer companies almost impossible. The biggest issue is there are very few management level employees who own products and ensure they are performing at their best. Retention of younger, motivated employees, is basically non existent. Lastly the level of bureaucracy to get anything meaningful developed is stifling to innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are great. Lots of flexibility in work hours when you need it and 401K match is as good as it gets. The vision at the top is great and the executives say all the right things that will push GM to be a leader in the future auto industry.

Cons: No growth opportunities. Management actively discourages their employees from moving to different departments. For them it's more important to retain employee in their own group without regard of their career growth. 
Lots of politics and no real work in some departments. IT managers force developers to find work bypassing the Business Analyst channels and creating chaos and confusion for everyone. Toxic culture involving belittling other groups achievements instead of fostering collaboration .
Salary and compensation for senior folks is not up to par with market rates.
Red tape everywhere. Incompetent "shared services" people who stifle innovation and introduce unnecessary process everywhere.
Advice: Trim the layer of fat that is in the form of so many managers who contribute minimal value, take all the credit and have no interest in growing their teams.
Pros: Lots of corporate holidays and good vacation amount.
401k matching is good but hampered due to vesting of 3 yr minimum.
Low health insurance premiums.

Cons: Very political. Your advancement within the company is not based on merit.  Rather it is based on how you can fit into the political circles. Everyone has to be careful who you interact with, as they may have political clout that will impact your career.  Very few managers care about their staff and their careers. They pay lip service to the culture they profess. They don't really believe in the values they preach,  as you will be singled out if you speak up. Recent layoffs have been bad for morale and workplace.
Advice: Take another look at middle management and hire people managers that care about their staff.  You have a lot of good talent. Don't let bad managers make  your best people leave.
Pros: Good Benefits, Market Rate Pay, Talented and good co-workers, PTO and holidays.

Cons: - Does not pay as much as other tech companies for same roles
- Could place you in a role you're not suited for and/or overqualified for
- Clash of old school corporate culture and new tech company culture
- Your performance could depend on the type of manager you have
- Working from home is allowed when necessary but not encouraged
- Limited PTO based on tenure, although unlimited sick days and most holidays off
Advice: Start adapting to more modern work-culture practices, competitive pay to today's standards, and remove the redundant steps of protocol to get small things approved. There is a lot of hoops and people to find and talk to, to get certain things done. Allowing more freedom will allow for more innovation.
Pros: - Good first job to have out of college
- Guidance and resources to grow if you really push for it
- Good benefits
- Good work/life balance depending on team

Cons: 1. Low pay compare to similar industry.

2. With all the profit and tax incentives that General Motors gained over the years, the company is still at a brink of bankruptcy due to the executives/management self allocating wealth for themselves and spending miss management at the very top.

3. The workplace culture at GM was merely a fraternity of white managers who only seek to elevate those that shared similar ethnicity. While diversity, and  especially within the IT Innovation team is a joke! The leadership and management absolutely have not a single person of color man or woman at the top leadership position. If you are looking for an organization to make a paycheck then sure the GM IT organization will be ideal. However, if advancement into a leadership role is your priority, that GM IT is not the workplace of choice that I would recommend.
Advice: Make employees and diversity your priority.
Pros: 1. I certainly enjoyed working with my co-workers. I have built relationship and friendship with many that I still maintained to date.

2. More than average work and life balance.

Cons: Where to begin.
During my current tenured of being employed at GM for over 15 years now, I have seen the worse attempt (or no attempt at all) at diversity and inclusion at the Fairfax, Kansas plant. I have seen this culture severely demean minorities and especially minority women in ways that would make any adult cry. I have heard and seen grossly and highly insulting behavior, comments, actions, and jokes but if you try to speak up, just know that you will lose your job over it. There are definitely some good and upstanding people in the company but few and far between at this plant. Management does their best to insult you in front of your peers just to prove they're superior and keep you in constant fear of losing your job or retaliation.
Advice: Hire managers that have a heart as well as a brain. No one should be subjected to managers and a workforce that operates out of fear and intimidation.
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits
Overtime is readily available

Cons: During my time at GM, what began as leadership was slowly replaced by management, ending with my team going through four different managers in the last two years. The CIO has stated flat out that there are no clear career paths in IT. Several employees who had attempted to "Be Bold", "Look Ahead", and "Innovate Now" with regard to process improvement were consistently berated by their respective managers for daring to question the status quo. Credit for any good ideas went to management while many of those employees were eventually walked out in February.
Advice: Start actually valuing what you claim to be GM values. Stop allowing management to abuse the GM Recognition system by using it to each other on the back.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Learning resources are available, though are not exactly encouraged.

Cons: It is not what I expected when I was recruited.  Environment is very hierarchical and  lower level employees are expected to nod their heads and do what they are told.  Plus, environment is not the same since many people were laid off here.
Advice: Make the organization flatter and more decentralized.  Be honest with college recruits as to what they should expect in that management is not open to new ideas and change in general.  Expect a lot of good people to leave during and after each layoff, and a lot of not so great people will also be protected with layoffs
Pros: Fun environment with a lot of other recent college grads.  Ping pong tables, onsite cafeteria, and some fun groups to be a part of

Cons: Cracking down on Work from home
Slow pace
Never challenged
Lots of red tape to implement even the simplest of changes
They over hire all the time, so layoffs occur every 3-6 years, update your resume constantly 
They want cheap labor from the college new hires to replace the experienced hires
Advice: Reduce the amount red tape in the IT realm for changes. Stop overhiring! If you have a number hit it and see and not do layoffs.
Pros: Excellent Benefits and Pay!
$1500 a year for getting a physical
You get yearly bonus based on performance
3% raise each year no matter what how bad an employee you are
lots of paid holidays, no really I mean it. The most I have ever had
15 vacation days to start with and after 2 years you get 20!
Even their layoff packages were very generous

Cons: Work is broken down a little too much here.  You get assigned a small chunk of work when you have capacity to do so much more.  There are not a lot of opportunities to work on different teams and get to know different parts of the business, although this was originally one of the selling points of working here.  Very cliquey, very easy to feel isolated if you aren't on good terms with your manager
Advice: Please make the layoff criteria a little more objective in the future.  I had excellent performance reviews for 4+ years and yet I was laid off.  Some lower performers on my team got to keep their jobs.
Pros: There are a lot of opportunities for young women at GM right now.  A Fortune 500 company looks good on your resume

Cons: GM is very large and has yet to live up to the dynamic/agile hype.  you will be more politicking than innovative, but some folks enjoy that.  It is a very old company so many of the work areas can be run down looking and system are very outdated.  Most people working here have been in the company 25+ years.  Moving up in finance is based on being in a Management track, so if you are not invited you can't move up.
Advice: Bring some excitement!  Lose the old boys club rigidity.
Pros: People are great, Detroit suburbs are actually quite a nice (coming from California), a lot of outdoors stuff to do.  GM, really takes care of you, and the cost of living is very good.

Cons: Many employees are having to leave the company sooner than expected due to GM's aggressive change in their business.  This has left many folks seeking employment whereas they would have rather stayed and finished their career at GM.
Advice: Open communication is very important during times of change.   Keeping  channels of communication opened as much as possible will ease this major transition.
Pros: Great benefits and very competitive salaries.  GM is a very large company which means there are a lot of different opportunities and challenges.  It is a great place for younger employees starting their career because the options are endless.  They are also focused on new technology in vehicles which is the way of the future.

Cons: The new college hire program for IT is very luck of the draw. You are assigned to a team based on need and not really your skill set. I came in with JAVA skills and was assigned to a team to do web development. 

Also, some of the managers are better than others and once you are assigned at random you don't get to pick. Some of the managers like to micromanage and count bathroom breaks while others are hands off and allow you to work from home when ever you like. I got one in kind of in between which was fine.

They hire a LOT of recent college grads so if you want to get ahead you have to bust your butt. There are not a lot of opportunities for advancements so even if you do bust your butt it is not guaranteed you will get any promotion, this is the main reason I left.

GM as a whole is a very cheap company, so don't be expecting to be trying out the new cars. There are no free meals, no company sponsored parties, and no team outings. If they can save a dollar they will! I often forgot I was working for a car company!
Advice: TRUST YOUR EMPLOYEES! The CIO, Randy Mott, is old enough to be my grandfather and it shows. The company is using old tech and old fashion office practices. Let your employees revitalize so that it can excel! 

Also, LET YOUR EMPLOYEES TEST DRIVE THE CARS! I often forgot I worked for a car company.
Pros: I was hired during my senior year of college to work at the Austin IT office. I like cars and GM's offer was higher than a couple of others I received so I was excited to start! 

As an entry level employee you get to work on real projects that contribute to the company. If you have the drive and determination you can get recognition and get some extra money!

The pay is good for entry level hires. For your first 3 years, you get 4.4% increases every 6 months as long as you don't screw up!

Cons: The biggest issue is management and leadership.  Quality, first line managers who genuinely care about their employees and their teams are hard to come by.  Upper management is tone def when it comes to understanding culture.  Things like execs walking the cubes at 5:30 pm and checking to see who is still at work are ridiculous practices that should be abolished.  

Lots of horror stories of favoritism and lack of interest in career development from managers towards their employees.
Advice: Pay closer attention to who your managers are.  Management has been a severely lacking skill at GM.  Team culture and dynamics are important.
Good developers are not an easily replaceable resource.
Pros: Great pay
Great benefits
Excellent vacation, 401k and bonus

Cons: The industry has its ups and down, very cyclical.  This industry is very sensitive to any swings in the economy.  It is still quite conservative on many of its functions.
Advice: Please take care of your Gen x'er.  Many of us stuck around during the recession/bankruptcy out of passion for this industry and now feel passed over by less experienced workers when it comes to promotional opportunities.
Pros: The best thing is you can get to have many different careers without ever leaving the company.  Throughout the years I have been able to do Technical, Leadership, Recruiting...  Is very easy to move laterally. If you get bored is your own fault.  Very exciting to work on the cars of the future.

Cons: Temps start off with one day a week and if they like you then you get more. Every year the plant closes for 2-6 weeks for upgrades and you get a small amount of cash through unemployment. You also have to work at Truck and Bus for possibly 7-8 years before they hire you. You get no sick days. The only way to get time off is by asking your supervisor. Hopefully he likes you. You work 6 days a week once you become a temp.
Advice: The supervisors are fine but to upper management I’d wish they would take the time to walk in our shoes. Without faith it is impossible to get through this process. They have no understanding nor sympathy for the hell they put you through.
Pros: The pay is normally excellent if you can get in

Cons: Lack of guidance.  You show up day one and hope someone shows you the ropes.  There is no 30 day, 90 day, 3 year, or 5 year development plans.  Shut up, and do whatever taks your remote boss tells you to.  Don't expect any recognition as your boss will ultimately take credit for your work and punish you if you make a mistake.  Want a promotion?  You better be in Austin or else dont even think about it.  Promotions are only given to friends of friends and among the 100+ programmers I work with, I have only seen 2 get promoted over the past 5 years.  I dont think any of my fellow IT staff feel appreciated.
Advice: start having bag lunches with the employees in the trenches.  My guess is whatever the directors and managers are telling you is not the truth
Pros: retirement and medical benefits are good.  annual bonuses are more than generous

Cons: There is a lot of people who aren't qualified to be doing the jobs they have. The old boys club reviews are very real.

Getting anything done means days worth of meetings.

Not all, but certain bosses will overshadow you and take your work. You do all the grunt work, they present to management and get the next level promotion.

Career opportunities are also very weak. You can move to a new job internally but don't expect to get a raise or promotion.

They like to hire people from top tier schools but then stick them in menial jobs. What a waste.
Advice: None
Pros: work / life balance and flexibility is good

Cons: ZERO transparency during layoffs (I was one of victims). Looks like it has destroyed the morale of the group. 
Needs improvement on transitioning skillsets and knowledge to the next workers etc
Advice: Respect employees than view them as assets. You guys arent bean counters
Pros: I was test engineer and certified driver at MPG. I LOVED my job, got along with co-workers. Gained many new skills. Saw many cool prototypes on daily basis. I was able to make company wide impacts during my time there.
Great benefits, flex time (was able to work remotely during my surgery recovery). LOTS of PTO. I had 2 wonderful managers who gave great guidance for my success during my time there and as result always achieved my CAP goals.

Cons: Innovation stops at the names of the innovation centers. Mostly maintain old software and antique processes. 
Clueless management mostly doing lip service
Quality of new hires is questionable
High levels of nepotism
No development and growth
No training

If you are any where close to "ambitious", do not touch this company with 10 foot pole. This company is for people who just likes to collect paycheck and not care about anything else.
Advice: Most of the employees do not trust that management will listen and takes action on anything. Position yourself to be able to seek advice/feedback but I highly doubt they will do it.
Pros: Competitive salary. Good 401(k) match

Cons: Too much emphasis is placed on diversity which has caused some demotions and putting certain people on pedestals who should not be there.  GM wants xx% of its managers to be women by 20yy which is great, but it will come at the expense of a lot of existing staff members
Advice: Focus on making the best vehicles on the road.  Dont try to capitalize on equal opportunities for women as the press does already notice these things
Pros: I like the fact that diversity is embraced and there are equal opportunities for women here.  Austin is a great facility, a newly converted warehouse with a lot of nice breakout areas

Cons: It's all about making your boss look good
No one cares about your well-being, so look after yourself
Administrative work take up so much time
Micro-management
Chaotic Politics
Advice: GM IT has some good, mostly selfish project managers that are real short-sighted and do not know a slight bit about technology. IT is seen as a cost-center, money waster. Development and retential for sharp individuals is very limited. Stop thinking about how to make yourselves look good. If you care to develop your team, encourage them and focus on their well-being and sustainability for once, you will look good. Stop chasing the numbers. Trust your employees, do not micro-manage.
Pros: Great benefits
Freedom to work from home

Cons: Still very hierarchic in the middle and upper management. Play by the book and very conservative in jumping over the fence to explore new ways to design. That mindset was changing when I left, but results to see yet. Behaving politically correct , but not always with the right common sense.
Advice: Apply the principle of integrity itself at all levels. The quality of execution is normally correlated with the level of motivation in the workforce and true color values pragmatic exposed speak more than a thousand words.
Pros: One of the best work environments I have ever worked as the team building dynamic was really good most of the time I was in. Young &amp; senior generations of engineers merged and collided together, resulting in design of great products.

Cons: Some managers are stuck in the 1950s where they focus on dress code, number of hours worked and do not offer much flexibility. But there is a great variation within GM when it comes to this. There are managers who foster a culture of trust and appreciation. This is very motivating and helps employees perform better.
Advice: Provide more transparency and steer away from knee jerk reactions. Also, put some guidance in place for managers with respect to company policies. If GM is looking to become a modern age company, it does not help that some managers are unwilling to adapt.
Pros: The culture can be great including  exciting job, professional growth, and great work life balance.

Cons: Company can't execute on it's vision of the future because it has too many hold-outs and leadership cannot inspire the younger workforce. Underpays their IT talent.
Advice: Accept the fact that the way things have been done for 50 years is wrong and if something is going to take 6 months to do then that means you're going to be 1 year behind everyone else. If you want to change with the times you have to actually keep up with them.
Pros: Great benefits package, flexible work assignments, and lots of different areas to work in due to the company's size.

Cons: Executive management is only concerned with return to shareholders and Wall Street's perception of the company.  It's obvious...
Work from home policies are still in the dark ages.
Advice: Loyalty, integrity and commitment are all important human qualities that company leaders should also possess and nurture.
Pros: Pay, benefits, working conditions were all good to excellent.  Most people appreciate this and do their best to make GM a good work environment.  At an individual and small team level I believe people care and take pride in their work and are committed to the greater company.
Lots of opportunities for training.
Maybe one of the best big companies to work for, for women.

Cons: The company is too big for its own good, typically you need to work with multiple teams and miles of red tape to get things done.  The work feels meaningless as you typically wont receive proper training to where you truly understand what the applications you are assigned actually do from a business stand point.  Finally with the light workload comes anxiety to where you don't know when your manager will find out how much you actually do and let you go, and when asking your manager for more work they don't know how to respond.
Advice: You want innovators but don't offer innovators a place in the system
Pros: Great compensation, Easy work, 
Good Benefits

Cons: Lack of empowerment, decisions flow up to multiple committees, Not all leaders are strong and who you work with and for makes a huge difference, Many leaders are fearful to make decisions and are too internally focused to support their team.  Aggressive culture.  You must have lots of political savvy.    Not a transparent company, but that is true of many large corporations.  If you are not happy after 5 years leave - it will not get better for you.
Advice: None
Pros: very competitive benefits and pay - some very talented employees.  If you put in the work, you can learn an incredible amount about the industry.

Cons: No holiday parties, if you want a promotion it's better to leave the company and come back (so dumb!), could have better maternity leave but 8 weeks is still good,  lazy employees rarely get disciplined
Advice: Improve maternity/paternity leave and have a real holiday party that managers don't have to pay for out of pocket. Stop working 80 hours.
Pros: GM has a lot of varying opportunities so you can move around and have totally different jobs if you want. I like my office and my team is wonderful people. I stay challenged and feel like every day brings something new. The vacation  time is really excellent. I got 20 days after 2 years plus 16 holidays.

Cons: Management is back stabbing. Favoritism always wins over performance.  Recent lay off was based on stack ranking by managers on favoritism, # of years with GM (&lt;3 to be removed), while employers were told management has no clue on what's happening. Very disappointing!!!
Advice: Stick to equal employment opportunities. 
Retain quality resources for your company growth
Lay-off should be based on lower performance candidates, not by the race, age or # of years worked  or  managers favoritism.
Higher management should analyze the situation before blindly taking final decision
Pros: Great company to work with! good pay &amp; better benefits.

Cons: There were times when people were seen as a number and not always seen for what they brought to the table.
Advice: Be willing to coach and mentor those that need to learn the art of finesse in business. Not just punish them for something done incorrectly.
Pros: Because of my proficiency and dedication to the company, I was able to work with my management team to create  a work/life balance for my very unique situation.  As long as you know your job, and prove that you are willing to go the extra mile at times, managers that I reported to were willing to accommodate my life situation.

Cons: Sexual harassment from day one! Complaints to management went unhandled and HR is practically impossible to find (the most you can do is email GM "People Services", which I did and never heard back). Other people at the company were not surprised to hear this and generally had their own horror stories of being sexually harassed and ignored by management.

Toxic work environment. Constant bullying and sexism. Speaking up against it only makes you a target.

More typical problems with a big company: no clear career path, mounds of bureaucracy.
Advice: Make sure your espoused values (of diversity, equality, etc.) match what's actually happening to your employees and make HR actually accessible for issues beyond physical safety concerns.
Pros: Good work/life balance, including generous vacation time and management encouragement to use all vacation

Some perks, like being able to take development cars home and not really have to pay for gas

Cons: The only con I could think of are the deadlines are too close to each other and there's a lot of pressure on management and everyone because of it.
Also new hire training is pretty fast paced so you get thrown into the deep water fast.
Advice: Maybe more team building events would be great.
Pros: I held a lot of jobs previously and it was a long journey to get here but it was worth every second and every sweat. I can't praise this company enough.
Co-workers, supervisors, management, they are all friendly, understanding and there when you need help. The company itself organizes an insane amount of charity events and gives a lot to the local community.

Cons: Depending on your team, management is not helpful for developing your career 
There are not many opportunities, if any, to move into leadership positions from the college hire program. The few opportunities I did hear of in my time at GM did not come with an increase in salary, only an increase in responsibility
Advice: Provide more leadership opportunities to young talent and give appropriate compensation for these opportunities. In the time I spent at GM, some of the best talent would leave to other companies to get more leadership experience, it was not an environment that supported growth for younger employees
Pros: Bonuses every year based on how stock is doing
Vacation is pretty good

Cons: General Motors is constantly making wide-reaching decisions that affect our plant directly. 2-3 years as a temp would be more than enough to get you hired in at most places, but because all of the plants in the region keep downsizing or "de-allocating product" all of the 1000+ jobs added at our location over the last few years have been filled by transfers from plants both near (Lansing/Hamtramck) and far (Lordstown, Ohio).
Advice: It would be nice if the top brass at General Motors would stop playing musical chairs with their employees' lives.
Pros: Most jobs are reasonably well-balanced and the pay is pretty solid.  Health benefits are pretty good too.

Cons: Basically, working at General Motors as a Software Developer as a new college hire is  a total roll of the dice.  Before you start, you need to be assertive about what you want to be doing.  When I started, the company attempted to put me into a position that would have been less than ideal for my career, and didn't align with what I thought and was told I would be working on in general.  I wanted to be a full stack developer, they attempted to put me on a mainframe management project.  This would have been career suicide.  I was told "sometimes at GM, we just get what we get".  I had to start a political campaign to get myself out of this situation.

Some teams allow abuse and unrealistic project deadlines to propagate down from the business.  I have seen devs overwork themselves, pushing in code at 2AM and working 12 hour days.  Some managers are ok with this and expect this, and celebrate the "rock stars" who are slinging garbage into Bitbucket to just "get it working".  Meanwhile, code reviews aren't really a thing, nor is unit testing or any code standards.

The staffing strategy is (and has been) literally this - replace the talent who leaves due to being underpaid by eager-to-please college hires.  Lots of tribal knowledge, poor or total lack of standards, and toxic environments are cultivated as a by-product of this.  

My advice: if you want to be marketable and are coming into this job.  Push to work with modern technologies and advocate for yourself and the type position you want.  Don't let yourself get steamrolled.  There's a lot of garbage in this organization and I have personally witnessed many suffer.
Advice: I've worked under great managers here, and some terrible.  The terrible ones loved playing politics, favorites, and were not receptive of their employees' feedback or concerns.  They were usually the "boss" type, and not the "leader" type, and their teams suffered from horrible turnover and lack of standards.

Don't be a boss, be a leader.  Listen to your people.  Don't get steamrolled.
Pros: Easy interview
Open dress code
Work life balance*
Good culture*
Flexible PTO*

* - Depends on team.

Cons: Middle management doesn’t know how to run a software organization. 
Slackers can skate by for years
Older engineers want you to stay “in your lane” if you try to be innovative because they’d rather spend 2 weeks manually doing something that a computer could do in 10 minutes. 
Spreadsheet hell, try putting stuff in a DB for a change
Advice: Get outside help and listen to them. Stop bending software tools to form to your process and modernize the processes and software architecture instead. Also most people need software training since they don’t have a CS background. Tech companies will eat you if they decide to really move into the auto industry
Pros: Very good pay and benefits.

Cons: - Talent management - doesn't know how to get the best out of their employees
- A lot of old leaders that value who you know vs what you know.
Advice: Change your structure and get rid of the old guard, particularly in HR. They are too set in their ways and too under-resourced to do anything about it.
Pros: - Good benefits - from base salary to healthcare options and access to discounts etc.
- Good talent - Usually tries to take the best of the best from the available talent pool
- Reasonably flexible work environment

Cons: Bad offices especially for IT. Packing employees like livestock in a warehouse with no facilities is not acceptable. Bad management.  Company hasn’t evolved past the 80s. Managers mentality is very old school and not open to current standards. HR is terrible and they treat employees just like a hord of sheeps.
Advice: Get in line with current standards especially in IT. Working from home is not unheard of especially if your commute is atrocious and your warehouses are already packed to the gill.
Pros: Good benefits, possibility of longevity if in the right group. Decent training

Cons: Overbearingly complex Project Management Processes that are geared very strongly toward Waterfall methodologies and make few allowances for different methods such as Agile, though this seems to be improving.
Very slow to respond to change, and limited influence by the "Doers" over the processes used to manage projects.
Work/Life balance issues requiring consistent 50-60 hour weeks to meet the demands of the job.
Very limited room or opportunities for advancement.
Advice: Work Life Balance needs to be addressed.
Pros: One of the oldest and most well established companies in existence. 
Many good people who care about what they're doing and have pride of ownership over the products they're producing.

Cons: Expected to answer your phone 24/7, Expected to fix other peoples problems no matter what time of day or how many hours it'll take to fix and leads to no punishment of the person who broke something, They won't fire people who are useless, they just lay off people who make a lot of money.
Advice: I shouldn't be putting 20 hours a week into a role that isn't my job title, on top of doing my job titles work. This is caused by a major lack of communication.
Pros: Good Pay, Flexible with coming into work when you have appointments, Friendly Coworkers

Cons: Long detailed list, bare with me please:
-The true reason that you will work under several teams/orgs is that you will get pulled into a job somebody quit or nobody wants. Management will not care about if that change reflects your expertise/career goals and there will be a lot of deflection as to who even initiated this change (your direct manager, HR, or a Director). On the other hand if you attempt to make a lateral movement to another position available - good luck. Logically, the "good" jobs/roles rarely open up because people fight to stay in those teams.

-The true "Innovation" apps at GM are Outlook and Skype (Excel is third). They are management's best friends.  GM uses boring old vendor software but creates even more boring in-house software (yikes). Over 50% of GM software is legacy software written by people no longer there with non-existent/poor documentation. Legacy apps break ALL.THE.TIME. Many times it's because it's inexplicably linked to another app/server because "it sounded like a good idea" a long time ago. 

-Bureaucracy is the boogey-man word and Director-level management refuses to accept there exists so much of it. Bureaucracy to install software. Bureaucracy for servers to apps you own. Bureaucracy for production deployments. You will have meetings with people who will stonewall and will bring 2 other people in the call to act as witnesses for their justification. Being proactive will only get you assigned more work and will cause you to become the SME of 3 MORE legacy apps in addition to the 5 you already own. Because of this, teams will actually allow software to break/deadlines to be unmet (with the "secret" blessing of managers). Deadlines are constantly made/promised by people who have never been software developers/engineers.

-Out of the 4 IT "Innovation" Centers: Austin and Warren are substantially better especially for your career growth. They get more "visibility" and have better projects (again, depends on team). GM focuses too much on Galileo, myGM Rewards, AVT, and MAVEN while disregarding the apps that provide POSITIVE net cash inflows. It seems like other teams exist only to not disturb upper-management by preventing P1/P2's. The message is "Helping the client/customer great but preferably focus on preventing P1/P2's". Now, if your team did meet that metric of "No P1/P2's for the Mid-year Performance Review"...you still won't get recognized. There exists considerable, outsourcing for apps that GM, itself doesn't believe its employees are qualified to do (ex: AVT). GM avoids open-source software and it has become detrimental to its goal of "innovation". Lots of soul-draining repetitive tasks and most of it involves Outlook (aka management's BF). Before you realize, you will have lost knowledge/skills you had in the past. 

-Beware of the IT organizations that have the word "Global" in their name. They contain ALL the negatives listed above (such as legacy software) on a larger scale. No exception. The Directors in "Global" orgs also are uninspiring, feign transparency, and lack direction (can't have direction when your org consists of projects that aren't innovating/ provide little to the customer). No surprise I saw more turnover in these orgs than other orgs.

-Most of the discontent is towards Randy Mott's network he brought from Dell and HP (CIO's and especially Directors). Perhaps some of them have quit/were layed-off but for years they ushered in bad practices, bad vendors and fostered nepotism. If you want to "moveup" at GM, learn to take data of all the cost-savings you provided into Excel-format, only then you can communicate in a language they comprehend.

-Not as important as the statements listed above^ but GM has lots of synonym and acronym entities/programs/software that sound alike but are ACTUALLY different things (EX: GM Loyalty/GM Rewards/GM Recognition, Chevy Volt/Bolt, ITOC SE/ITOC SD)
Advice: Management's insecurities are so obvious. Exhibit A: Lots of talk of "innovation" but what they really mean is "compensation"; as in, GM is  compensating for the things it lacks. Exhibit B: Management constantly uses the word "transparency" in their emails/townhalls. In reality, you will learn MORE about GM's future by reading NYT/WSJ/WaPo than from management. Here's how the spin-cycle works: Executives give middle/lower management words to use repetitively and within months everyone is also using said-words; as if that resolved the problem. Be on the look out for these phrases too: ("lots of opportunity for growth"/"We are like a startup company"/ "leadership driven initiatives"/ "GM loyalty").

Truth is some employees allow software to break because that is the ONLY way to get executive attention to a bureaucratic-systemic problem.

Prioritize promoting employees INTERNALLY!  BUT, if you have to hire externally, stop bringing management from Oracle, HP, Dell as opposed to Google, Facebook Apple or even actual successful start-ups (MongoDB, Uber, etc.) You can't expect employees to be more loyal than the company itself. The layoffs where the biggest demoralizing factor BUT even before that there was not a sense of community at the company. The company-events are poorly promoted and GM even got rid of the cafeteria, thereby encouraging people to eat at home/elsewhere.
Pros: -IT Innovations centers, you are likely to work under several teams and orgs if you stay over a year
-Raises are great for salaried New College Hires (4.4%) although it's less for other salaried employees
-HDHP Insurance (which is great if you never use it OR if you go WAY beyond the deductible)
-Dental &amp; HSA (1.5k contribution) are amazing 
-401k is amazing (if you complete vesting period)
-Lots of PTO (can't save unused PTO though) and company-wide holidays/days off (especially December)
-Majority of Coworkers are very approachable and genuinely want to help
-Cute titles such as Release Engineer, Messaging Engineer, Operations Engineer etc.
-Company makes an effort to improve employee discontent (ex: GM Recognition program)
-Less outsourcing and many successful in-house IT projects (there still exits some outsourcing though)
-Innovation centers are located in suburbs, plenty of housing options  (although this can be a Con if you want to live near downtown area)
-Job can be greatly beneficial to grow your knowledge and skills (depends heavily on your org AND manager)

Cons: Political minefield, old boys club in Austin, and not willing to listen to new ideas.  I was by an IT consulting firm by the large salary, but ultimately management is not willing to listen to Industry Best Practices around new digital technologies.  Also, management in Austin is very top heavy and you are encouraged to nod your head and agree with them or else.  Same old crew is out of the office at least two days a month for 'charity golf tournaments' that end up being only 8 people (all from GM).
Advice: Take a hard look into what is going on in Austin.  Their 'best practices' are a little outdated and new ideas are discouraged
Pros: Good pay and benefits, company car is a nice perk

Cons: Career pathing can sometimes be confusing within a company of this size
Advice: None
Pros: With the proximity of driver-less cars,  the automotive industry is an exciting place to be...particularly General Motors where we have a strong leader in Mary Barra and the cultural and strategic drivers in place to be a market leader.

Also, particularly for those who are based in SE Michigan, there isn't a comparable employer for offering roles that have the diversity, scale and complexity as those available at GM.  Makes for some very challenging opportunities and presents ongoing opportunity to take on new roles across different functional areas.

Cons: Management is not great. Poor communication along with big egos makes for a hostile work environment. There were plenty of places to grow and learn, but management doesn't want to move people. Just because someone has been there 20+ years, does not make them management material. There is still a problem of male dominance and doesn't work out well for female engineers.
Advice: Promote those employee's that show their worth and drive to make the company better. Don't just promote or hang on to someone because their family has worked there for many years.
Pros: The pay was great, plenty of paid holidays, and great employee discounts.

Cons: Some of the most incompetent management I've seen in my life. You will spend countless hours in meetings that add 0 value. The way a decision gets made is 9 meetings, 15 managers, 8 directors, and 120 powerpoint slides later something might get done. HR is the most worthless and only there to serve management. My 7 year old could run HR here. At least he wouldn't mess things up and play with his toys. Since Mary Barra has gotten in the stock price has gone no where. If I could rate 0 stars for the CEO I would do it.
Advice: Get rid of the CEO, get rid of all the levels of upper management and hire outsiders to do those jobs, and get a real Board of Directors.
Pros: Pay and benefits are good. However, that comes at a cost.

Cons: Unable to work remotely even though my whole team is remote from me and I am on the phone all day long.  Seems silly as I could do the same work for home.  Old school CIO needs to go.
Advice: Allow employees in IT to be able to work remotely. We are a company that has a company motto of Zero emissions, zero crashes but yet me mandate that we MUST be in the office when one could work just as effective remotely.
Pros: Benefits and paid time off are great!

Cons: If you come in young without knowing someone (mommy/daddy/grampa/aunt ect is up there in the org) you will have an extremely difficult time getting promoted.  Immediately get someone at the director level on your good side! Come in as a 6B, you will get a 10% bump to 6A in a couple years, then if you stay 5-6 years and put in good work you can get another 10% pay bump to a 7th level...then leave on good terms, get mgmt experience somewhere else, come back in 3-5 years as an 8th level by not burning your bridges when you leave! Pretty much the only way finance/CPA personnel can make mgr without waiting 10-15 years after being a 7th level, you will have grey hair by time you get there in the New GM.

HR is kind, but have their hands tied. If you are unlucky and work under a bad level 8 (which there are plenty) they will look at you as a passer by or worse & you will have waisted precious years of learning OR could get “blacklisted” without knowing.

The “good ol boys” club in all the reviews below is entirely real.  I am fortunate enough to be in this “clique” (due to many years/connections) but again, promotions are 90% purely political (and now VERY RARE) & you must know a family member or have outside of work connections.  Come in as a level 8, Come in as a level 8, come in as a level 8 IF Your Goal is to stay long term.

Company is currently prepping for more layoffs, if you come in now when the vehicle buying cycle is trending down, be prepared for a rough beginning, you will have to work hard (big 4 type hours-no overtime or promotion each year type of life) to earn a higher rating. Next few years, bonuses will be lower due to Macro Economic things going on (tariffs, uaw issues, California lawers coming after the Company’s money, Uncertainty coming from 2020 elections, EPA emission standard battles to come if Democrats take back control-will seriously hurt companies bottom line & this will come out of your paycheck. 

Unless you play politics well, be prepared to be rated average & become stagnant over time (get your GM experience & leave if you come in young like stared above). Also, I’ve noticed (as a woman) that young men, particularly white/asian, are brought in initially with less pay than their female counterparts. This is probably due to the current #metoo culture or CEO, not sure, could just be a legal thing GM wants to cover its bases on. We actually hired a legal firm to ensure women & men were being paid “equally” a few years back...alot of good hard working men kind of got burnt because of this.
Advice: Be honest with employees, don’t give young folks false hope! Tell them candidly to consider leaving if you think they don’t have a chance to progress! Be Leaders, Trainers, to the younger folks so they can grow, don’t get them involved in politics until they are ready & understand the old fashioned nature of the culture. Being older, I hate seeing the “new generation” come in expecting the GM life that their parents/grandparents told them about, it is gone. GM is no longer “that special” to work for anymore-change that! Do more outings, office events, stuff we used to do in the 90’s-we dont have to break cash flow to do a golf outing... Just because we banned smoking on campus & went through bankruptcy doesn’t mean we cant have fun events once a month/quarter-this motivates younger people to want to stay.  Now everyone is just a number.  If you are considering coming from a big finance or accounting firm, you will need to have Senior Manager level experience to be considered a level 8 potential but will probably have more experience in being a good teacher/leader than most 8’s currently here.  Directors-You have the power to make this organization a place that young people can grow, have fun & be proud of where they work, get rid of the good ol’ boys club, its 2019 not 1960.
Pros: 16-17 Holidays Per Year
1 Work From Home Friday Per Month
Benefits (8:4 401k match)
Most people are talented at the senior/analyst level OR director level.
Great Short-Term (3-5 Year) Resume Builder if young, You can really learn the Politics of a conservative style large corp.
If you live in the Detroit area GM looks good on your resume, they do look for top talent.

Cons: For me, being from out of state, I feel that I can only work for GM doing the work that I'm passionate about in Michigan and I don't like this, big company - just another number at end of day
Advice: None
Pros: GM does a lot of really cool work in various markets, my experience has been that they are very encouraging of providing opportunity to do different jobs to grow in your career as opposed to locking you into a job for life, they pay well and have good benefits, hear good things about working from GM from people who work for competitors

Cons: Very political &amp; tribal.  Top heavy (Too many IT management and leaders). High positions are based on tribal affiliation and not merit or competency.  Most managers are good politician with superficial knowledge or lack of understanding of the technology.
Advice: Streamline the 20+ VP/CIOs  with managers, superficial architect and organizations  to a more effective size.
Pros: Great benefits. Best health insurance with low premium. 20 days holidays. Flexible hours and vacation. Good career path growth. Cutting edge technologies. Some great people to work for.

Cons: There have been limited pay raises over the past few years, even for the top performers.  Also, managers and director level positions are oversaturated so join here if you are OK being stuck at the same level for a while.

Last, work environment is stressful.  The work is OK, but unrealistic expectations from managers who don't know how the job is done will eventually get to you
Advice: Please bring in some tech savvy managers from Silicon Valley to lead large software projects.  Programmers don't have a lot of role models to look to under the current org
Pros: There are a lot of paid holidays at GM, you will be pleasantly be surprised at the number of days around Xmas that you will get off.  Pay is OK

Cons: There are few creature comforts allowed even during down time, like music, using your phone, watching videos, wearing headphones, reading, anything of that sort.  It's made clear that you are to stay at your desk without moving unless you go through quite a ritual to eventually get up.  There are also zero benefits other than free parking.
Advice: None
Pros: At least in this area, the team is full of great people and it's quite relaxed.   The work is not too hard, and good resources are given to you.

Cons: You are required to use 4 of your "personal vacation days" during the first week of July, which they don't really tell you until your new hire orientation, though you still end up with above average vacation time. 401k matching vests after 3 years. 
Sometimes very old fashioned thinking. There are great managers, and there are a few genuinely mean ones who remain even with low annual reviews from their team. There are groups who can give off the attitude of "You haven't been here long enough to be important enough for me to listen to any of your ideas" which can be really discouraging and turn people off to the company.
Advice: Make a stronger effort to modernize management and encourage flexible work in groups that are stuck with traditional mentality. Working from home should be encouraged more, especially without the distractions of the movement towards "open office".  Allow people to transition to other departments without having to depend fully on their manager giving them permission. This is much easier with the rotational program for recent college grads, but it can be difficult sometimes for people outside of rotations to move out of departments that tend to struggle with recruiting new people. Diffuse pressure within the company for blind loyalty to our own products, since being open minded about competition is a good way for us to get better. 
Make employee car discounts better. Stop cannabilizing product lines.
Pros: Great benefits and abundant vacation time. Each department is very different, and the personality of the department you are in can offer completely different experiences. Generally the more pleasant and supportive departments are those that are highly involved in R&amp;D / analysis from my experience as the management of those groups tends to lean more progressive and empowers team members to grow and be innovative. It's really important to meet different managers within the company, and it's pretty easy to do that. If you are a friendly person, people are often eager to help you learn new skills or give you opportunities to try out a field that you are interested in, even if you have no prior experience with it.

Cons: The reality is you show up day one and there really is no personal development plan.  A few of the rotations were really good and the leaders really supported your growth.  But most of the rotations you show up day one and just attend meetings and are given cookie cutter assignments.  Also, once the program is up, you are not guaranteed an opportunity to join GM as a regular employee.
Advice: Put more structure into your leadership development programs.  Make sure the leaders you are putting TRACK engineers under are capable and caring.
Pros: The whole concept of the TRACK program is great, spending rotations within different areas of the business to learn different parts of the company.  You get to know the people in your cohort really well.

Cons: All you would expect from a big fortune 500 company.  Often steeped in Big Company Bureaucracy, employees appear to be treated like numbers even though much effort is put on employee development.  At the end of the day it is difficult to move or get noticed in the herd.
Advice: None
Pros: A diverse job environment with many career opportunities.  Pay and benefits are better than many companies.  Educational benefits. Decent medical, dental, employee discount.  Some compensation package including a paid company car at higher levels of management.  Diverse locations around the globe.

Cons: Lack of upward mobility.  There has been a lot of re-leveling lately (demotions) and with every organization change (almost every 6 months) a positive spin is put on it
Advice: Stop trying to sugarcoat bad news, be straight with employees and they will be more loyal
Pros: There are a lot of good departments to work for at GM.  I came from audit before and my experience was really good.  Also, its easy for employees to get their friends and family a foot in the door once they work for GM

Cons: I know  a new college hire that sometimes works till 8 and sometimes on weekends. I don’t know specifics of why but it seems a little off for a new college hire. My biggest complaint would be I wish I was using modern JavaScript frameworks on my team. There is at least one team that does just not mine.
Advice: Keep people on teams they enjoy working on and move others that don’t.
Pros: I started three months ago. I enjoy going to work everyday. I’m new to Austin and didn’t know anyone before moving here. My move was completely paid for by GM. I’ve made a tight group of friends at GM and our circle is growing. I haven’t met anyone I’ve disliked or didn’t want to work with. I started with a lot of other new college hires so everyone is kind of in the same situation. I’ve been fortunate in the work that I’ve been doing. It’s pretty much exactly what I wanted, web development. I know others that were placed on a team doing a job that they wanted as well. I’ve done two in person code reviews with senior level guys and those went well. Teams can change and people get moved around based on a manager’s decision/demand. Can be better opportunity but that isn’t always true. They have a recognition program where lead developers can award points. I’ve been awarded points for working hard and identifying pit falls in the project we were working on. That leads me to another point I really appreciate. Since day one my lead developer asked me my opinion on challenges in the current project. In meetings we get a chance for our voice to be heard.  Overall I’m really satisfied with my first full time job out of college.

Cons: The company has really gone down hill recently.  There is too much focus on cutting costs at the expense of quality.  There was a group of younger Buyers in GPSC that recently got the boot while a lot of their work got reallocated to others and management doesnt seem to care.
Advice: GM became a great company by making great cars, not more 'profitable' cars.  I think you know what I mean.  Take GM back to its roots and focus on Engineering, not Finance.  Dont penalize employees with younger families at home that might not want to work from home part of the day
Pros: Love my job for many years, GM really took care of its employees with a generous salary and good benefits until recently

Cons: - Each year the first 2 weeks of July is shutdown period. plants shut down and vacation days are mandatory to be used during shutdowns if the business warrants. You often don’t find out if you will be working or not the week or two leading up to shut down period, each year is different. 
- Old company and old employees make progressing into the new age difficult and slow. The culture had changed little, if at all before Mary Barra came in. The workplace culture is significantly behind most other companies but has shown signs of slow improvement in some areas under Mary’s leadership. 
- The outdated culture is typically shown in management styles, leadership styles, employee behaviors, and decision making. 
- Discrimination is a real thing, most of the company including executive leadership, and most higher up leadership roles in the company are run and led by white males. When women or minorities get promoted into such roles, whispers of “they only got that position because they’re XYZ” start to happen. They will put people into positions that are not as qualified as other candidates based on the diversity of the teams current headcount. 70:30 ratio of men and women employees. Women make up the majority of the HR functions (previously known as secretary positions/type of work) of the company. 
- Salaried politics are worse than UAW politics-- and both are the absolute worst part of working here. Nothing gets done efficiently. You are not trusted to make decisions on your own unless XYZKISG have all approved it. 
- Do not disclose if you have an invisible illness disability unless it is absolutely necessary, make sure to document everything going forward once you have disclosed. ADA, disability and FMLA regulations are not always followed or enforced, and it can (in my case it did) hurt or end your career. 
- There is little to no training for new hires, employees, and newly appointed leadership roles. It’s sink or swim, and good luck finding a life vest. 
- Make sure you fit the mold. Dress conservative. Women- hair and make up done. Make GM your life, so you can get 2 months of work done in 2 weeks with no resources. aka put 12-14 hour days in and than go home and work until bed.
-Terrible work life balance. Many obligatory events throughout the year outside of work hours. 
- In operations/plants there are 1st, 2nd, 3rd shift - you do not get to pick which one you work on or for how long
- If you are a attractive, highly motivated, type A personality, Extroverted, or can pick up on corporate politics - you will excel and do well.
Advice: Actions speak louder than policies.
Pros: Benefits;
- 401k 3% match,
- High quality health insurance coverage for as little as $25 a month + HSA
- Vacation days start at 15 for new hires, 1 year service 18, 5 years service 20 - maxing at 30 days. 
-Holidays; MLK, Day after Easter, Memorial Day, July 4, Labor Day, Floating Holiday between Election Day and veterans day) Thanksgiving + friday after. Last week of December - Day after New Years (roughly 9-13 days) off. 
- Several opportunities for growth / to climb the corporate ladder
- Yearly profit sharing + previous year performance Bonus
- Salaries are competitive and are often far above the median and what other companies pay for the same position.
- The benefits are what keeps people, even if the job is killing them

Cons: Not too many cons to mention, it is a shame that market conditions necessitated the down-sizing.
Advice: From my perspective, I found that my direct Management were qualified and went above and beyond.
Pros: Excellent pay/benefits. Management and Engineering very supportive and helped me through the culture shock of hiring in from the outside.  After hourly workforce turn-over, new workforce was a joy to work with as the realized how truly fortunate they were. When the writing was on the wall, the company took care of me through the separation.  Thank You GM.

Cons: 1. You are stuck in one team your whole time there.  If you suggest that you want to explore other areas, you can get labelled as 'disloyal'
2. Lack of trust, integrity, and honesty from management
3. Decisions are made by ego, not by business need
4. You can get laid off at any time for any reason
Advice: Garner a culture of trust and respect.  Don't make false promises about job security then turn around and lay off thousands of employees
Pros: 1. GM typically hires the best of the best, you can take pride in that
2. Positive recruiting experience, fully informed at all stages of the process
3. Generous relocation benefits
4. GM does a good job 'selling' the company before you join

Cons: Monotonous work.  Way too many people in IT which leaves you to manage one tiny area whereas you could have greater breadth of responsibilities at another company.  Also, way too many meetings that don't add value.  Seems like managers are cherry picked from a select bunch that really don't have the experience to oversee people
Advice: Focus less on meetings and more on getting actual work done.  Encourage knowledge sharing amongst team members.
Pros: GM does a good job of taking care of their employees.  Generous maternity leave, pay raises, and annual bonus.

Cons: Narrow focus of responsibilities.  Hard to change jobs.  Management not progressive.  Little room for discussion if you disagree with management direction.
Advice: wider focus of job responsibilities.  Make easier to  change jobs within company to provide new skill sets to employees.  Managers should be rotated and / or retrained to be more progressive.  Encourage discussion if you disagree with management direction.
Pros: Provide regular vacation and sick time.  Understanding if you have a medical or personal issue.  Flexible schedules for some folks.  Allow work from home if job responsibilities  allow.

Cons: Way too political, you are only as good as your last mistake, seems to only be focused on non-white, not straight, not male culture to the point where they are demeaning those who fit that category.  Mary Barra is a joke.  She laid off dedicated salary employees who had more than 20 years, all to save face to the stockholders who want her out as stock price is suffering.  Please don't think GM is a great company to work for, just ask anyone who was laid off recently how they were treated.  GM should not be anyone's Workplace of Choice.  Don't let them fool you.
Advice: None
Pros: Can provide for your family

Cons: Leadership is more focused on work place organization than increasing throughput while other plants are impacted and having to shut down. The mentality is to make the perception look good rather than have the data speak for itself. This has negatively impacted the morale of the organization.
Advice: Listen to the employees. When we explain what it is that we need to do to increase throughput you cannot shut it down because it will take too much time. We are stepping over dollars to pick up pennies.
Pros: Great Pay
Great Benefits
Opportunity for Advancement
Product in Demand

Cons: Different shift operation can be challenging for family. Extremely competitive environment and varies from one plant to another depending on the leadership. Union environment can be a problem for management job. Need a people skill interfacing w/ all different support group
Advice: Need to start looking at Flex job and home base. It should also look at life balance and consider shift rotation.
Pros: Good pay, benefits, provide a lot of developmental training. It is a pretty diverse place to work between union and salary workforce employees with all aspect of cultural and even talents

Cons: 1. Processes tended to be cumbersome. But, under Mary Barra, this frontier is being vanquished with people who are eager to help
2. Currently, in 2019, career growth is a challenge. But, expect it to be for a short duration
Advice: Keep pushing and directing the needle forward
Pros: 1.  Fantastic compensation, benefits, bonus, etc
2. Complex and intriguing projects to work on
3. Want to make an awesome change, you will be encouraged
4. First to affordable Electric car
5. Move to manufacturing all Electric cars
6. Tons of innovation to be a part of

Cons: - Too many meetings in the product design side
- Too much focus on cost and timing, rather than quality and performance
- VERY slow engineering change management process
- Held back at times due to outdated processes and systems
Advice: Rethink the engineering change management process.
Exces of meetings prevents deep work from occurring.
Pros: - Transitioning into a more agile company
- Opportunity to work on exciting projects
- Surrounded by intelligent individuals and many experts
- Everyone is open to helping others
- Open to new ideas

Cons: Management in Austin is horrible.  They are not transparent, they do not welcome new ideas, and they use the threat of upcoming layoffs to boost internal survey ratings - workplace of choice.  Our Austin managers create a toxic environment and rule by fear rather than inspiring people.  The most vocal employees are now silent and do not bother to speak up during meetings.
Advice: I doubt anyone will read this but I think it's too late to make any significant changes.  The clowns in Austin have already entrenched themselves so deep into the company that I think your stuck with them
Pros: I work with a dynamic group of people in Warren.  GM has a great car culture

Cons: Upper management really needs to see what teams and their members are doing.  A lot of favoritism. If you are on the wrong team, you will not get recognized.
Advice: Sit and talk to the team members. Job shadow them to see what they really. Don't judge people by the numbers. Get to know them personally.  Show some compassion and that you really care.
Pros: Vacation, 16-17 paid holidays. Loved my team members.

Cons: - No free food or drinks (I don't see this as a con, but others might)
Advice: Managers and HR are very responsive to work place harassment and do their best to live their own company values.
Pros: - Excellent work environment
- Laid-back work place with good work life balance
- Amazing benefits including dental, vision, and health with life insurance
- Opportunity to move around within the company and get experience in a wide range of areas
- Professional workspace
- Work friendly for women in tech
- Employee discount on new vehicles
- Great 401k investment/matching

Cons: Miserable atmosphere since many very talented coworkers left in layoff
The best and hardest workers were sucked up by layoff while lazy workers remain
8th level managers are unfriendly now since they may be demoted
Leadership is putting all of their eggs in AV and BEV baskets
Office seating environment very noisy and unproductive
Desired culture/values not in alignment with how great employees were let go 
Workload increased too much when lost people
Advice: Get new Executive Leadership team replacing CEO and staff...decisions of focusing heavy resources AV and BEV is detriment to other programs.  Laying off great workers when company is thriving makes no sense
Pros: Benefit package is good, including vacation
Drive close to home
Decent salary

Cons: Work is constant; not much time to learn even during personal time because there is much work to do. That means off hours, weekends, etc.
Management tend to focus on metrics that are not fully indicative of the quality of services rendered.
Advice: Determine metrics that accurately measure the quality of the work performed and establish goals around these measurables.
Pros: Management allow you to do job without much interference allowing you the freedom to be creative, innovative.
You can occasionally work remotely for personal reasons such as appointments or to take a delivery,

Cons: Constantly under pressure due to unstructured changes in the organization. "Efficiency" means cut and headcount reduction. Most objectives are just to meet metrics, not main goals. Everyone covers for themselves, does not matter if another area is burnt. Constant changes, like whack a mole organization.
Advice: IT needs to focus on the main objectives.  Not just shuffling to meet metrics. Leaders that do not perform should be eliminated. Frequently performers are not promoted. All actions done were what's the most convenient, not the most "right" action.
Pros: Benefits are good and generous

Cons: A lot of bureaucracy and processes to follow.  A lot of the local managers have been promoted from within and have not been strong leaders.  You see a lot of managers being moved around every 6-12 months here which I have never seen before.
Advice: Stop playing favorites, promote the most qualified people regardless of where they are and what sports team they support
Pros: The insurance benefits are pretty comprehensive.  Medical, dental, life insurance, and LT Disability included for highly discounted rates

Cons: Lots of tiers of management and oversight.  Lateral movement of upper management leaves little room for advancement and watered down base of expertise.
Advice: Management should have a focus on creating BOTH well rounded vehicle level engineers as well as focused commodity experts. There seems to be little career direction one way or another.
Pros: Always working on improving the automotive landscape through innovation and safety focus. Many great managers capable of and looking to develop subordinates. Terrific benefits and compensation.  Casual work environment with challenging issues.

Cons: Lack of mid to long term strategy from middle and upper management.  
Sky high levels of nepotism in all levels of the company.
Chance for promotion or internal transfers are very limited.
Advice: Allow employees to transfer into other teams more easily.  Communicate vision down to individual contributor level better.
Pros: Pay, bonus, vacation, 401k match etc are all pretty good.  Work / Life balance is fairly good as well.

Cons: There are no career plans or training plans here.  This place will set you back in your career.

I asked about company paid training and my manager said that I would have to pay for classes out of my own pocket, and that I was overpaid anyway.  

Career path conversations are reserved for former HP and Dell employees.
Advice: Look past beloved HP and Dell employees for talent.  People generally get that former HP and Dell employees are protected, but try to get them to treat the rest of us like humans
Pros: I liked the people I work with and the work that I did.

Cons: Terrible work environment.   Pay is below average.  Employees are WAY overworked.  Lots of  'talk' about work/life balance, but there isn't any in reality.  If you join GM, just think of it as a "CONTRACT" shop, here today, gone tomorrow.  There is NO  Employee Loyalty.
Advice: NEED sweeping changes in ALL of IT @ 8th levels and up.  Mary Barra talks a good game to please outside interest groups and her employees, but that provides little benefit to her employees.  She bends over backwards to please special interest groups at a detrmental  cost to the company.
Pros: There are some very good people working at GM.

Cons: You can lose your job at any time without notice.  It is tough to plan your future not knowing how long your job will last
Advice: Stop rewarding entrenched army of managers and directors who try to do as little as possible and start rewarding the people who work hard and get results.
Pros: Good place to work if you are into cars and have a passion towards engineering and how things work.  Plenty of hands on opportunities to get involved in the community, GM really does pride itself in giving back to underserved areas around Detroit.  You can also arrange plant visits which are a great way to see how cars are built

Cons: If you work in IT, the Leadership seems to have cut this area a lot.  Be prepared for the possibility of regularly working long hours as well as some stress to keep your head above water.
Advice: I do not feel that the level of IT staff currently supporting the Enterprise is sufficient and would encourage Leadership to review this area closely.
Pros: GM provides opportunities to train in your area and their benefits are excellent.  Also, the regularly have offered annual bonuses.

Cons: There were a few people in Austin and Dublin I interviewed that were very underqualified but I was told that they would be working at GM - so the easy interview process can work both ways.  The biggest downfall to GM is that layoffs seem to be driven by who each director personally dislikes.
Advice: Stop sending the message that if employees want to keep their jobs, they need to lick their boss' boots
Pros: It is pretty easy to get your foot in the front door here, especially if you know someone.  I was given the interview script ahead of time as they were really interested in hiring me

Cons: Getting projects done involves a very tedious and disorganized collaboration between teams that feel more like independent companies rather than working together towards a common goal.

Due to the massive layoffs recently we've been given a lot more non-development work supporting production operations with little time anymore on actually developing new apps and innovating.
Advice: Streamline our development processes and provide more opportunities for your developers to innovate!
Pros: Excellent benefits and work/life balance. Good first job to gain experience

Cons: Can't trust leadership
IT insourcing could have been good but was done poorly.  
Opportunities for promotion are less than in the past
Layoffs were done poorly and created a hostile environment
Leaders lied on performance reviews to put certain types of people in low performing buckets.
IT run out of Austin with cronies from Dell &amp; HP
Advice: You are not a tech company and never will be.  Don't try to go aggressively towards autonomous as the world is not as ready for it as you think.
Promote based on skills and experience not because of politics
Need a new CIO
Pros: Holidays &amp; Vacation 
Health Benefits
401K match
Higher than average pay
Gain experience in a complex company and industry

Cons: If you care about flexibility and latest grates tech this is not a company for you as it's even problematic to use open source tech. Most development is related to legacy applications. Benefits are very average.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of great people working there if you are a young person starting carrier then this is the place to go, you will have great people around you to learn from. Annual bonus is usually very generous.

Cons: Upper management does not provide the time or resources in order to make a good product. They are unwilling to provide either and instead come up with buzzword riddled jargon for new processes that don’t do anything
Advice: Give the lower level engineers more time to complete their work. Stop trying to reinvent the wheel with every new product and instead focus on improvement of existing products
Pros: GM has some of the best talent I’ve worked with. I’ve learned a lot of engineering tools and software

Cons: Fear inducing and threating managers.  Do not hire in this company "RUN" unless you want good pay with very high stress. BTW salary will lose your yearly bonus if you do not meet your managers very high expectations and no overtime pay when it takes 9 to 10 hours to complete your shift work and paperwork.  Most salary  employees are going thru a revolving door, either quitting, tranfering or retiring out of this stressful plant.
Advice: Get a life and learn how to realy treat employees like human beings, don't just talk about it "Do It"
Pros: Good base Pay before any posible overtime

Cons: Terrible, opaque management. All decisions made in secret behind closed doors. Zero job security. Bought a new GM vehicle (with high pressure from corporation to buy) expecting to be there for many years. Instead was laid off almost immediately following the TRACK program. TRACK ruined my career at General Motors and wasted 3 years of my professional life.
Advice: Eliminate the TRACK program and provide some clarity to decision-making
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Friendly and approachable coworkers. Future-focused corporate leadership.

Cons: Cafeteria is not great, better food options off site.  Plus employees are discourage from working from home.  Attendance is regularly taken and you occasionally have to talk to your boss about not being in the office for 6am meetings
Advice: Embrace working from home as a viable option to get work done.  A lot of employees in Arizona need to be in the office by 6am to join meetings that could easily be taken at home.  This is not good for people with young kids!
Pros: Company with a lot of history, a lot of good people working there and the AIC has a warm feel to it.

Cons: There is no or no training for new hires. So if this is your first tech job you may be stuck in the position you got hired into for awhile. 

There are constant org realignments. I've had 5 different managers in less than 3 years
Advice: Hire people into positions they are actually interested in and have skills in
Pros: The salary and benefits are great

Cons: Too many to list them all, but here are a few:

1)	No other company will disappoint you faster and harder. You will go from 60 (great company, I’m proud to work here) to 0 (I’m ashamed of working here) faster than a hyper car.

2)	No matter how much money you made for the company, or how much experience you bring, or what unique skill set you possess, or how many extra hours you voluntarily worked to make your boss look good, or how many rave reviews you get from the business and your co-workers, if you are not part of the inner circle of your Director, you will never, ever, get a fair year-end review, and you will be eventually let go in the most embarrassing of ways.

3)	The cronyism in IT leadership is cynical and disgusting. There is no way you will advance your career or get promoted if you are not one of the good old boys’ club. I saw many people doing absolutely nothing for the company get better reviews than many of us who were really impacting the bottom line with our work.

4)	When you are being hired, they sell you the idea that this company is so huge that  opportunities will jump out of everywhere and you can move to other areas if you are not happy where you are. This is a lie. They are willing to let you go before they move you.

5)	Managers/Directors are the worst I’ve had to work with in my 20+ year long career. Most of them lack basic people skills, not to mention managing skills. No transparency at all, and always with hidden agendas.

6)	Leadership is concerned about costs and will lay off thousands, but at the same time they are the main waste generators. I saw projects thrown out the door after a year of working on them, with labor and hardware resources already paid for; you can see many managers with one or zero people under them; hundreds of people doing nothing, waiting for projects to be approved, especially when you are a new hire. Months can come and go before you get to work on something.

7)	They call themselves “IT Innovators”, but nothing is further than the truth. There is no innovation, only poor attempts at imitation. Don’t fall for the “zero crashes, zero emissions… zero everything” hype. With this IT leadership it simply just won’t happen. How could it, when basic essential processes that could be easily automated are still being managed by pen and paper? Read the news and follow the competition and you will see who really is leading in this area.

8)	Worst of all, your career and skill set will come to a screeching halt. They will freeze in time. Due to the red tape, favoritism, or just plain ignorance of the decision makers, you have to work with only the technology approved by them. After leaving, many of us are now facing the reality that all of the latest technology trends that are in demand in the job market are not the ones used here. Getting a job offer will be harder for you if you stay too long in this company, because you will not have the experience with the latest technologies.
 
Lastly, trust the bad reviews. They are closer to reality than the good ones. I would second guess the good reviews, especially when most of them were entered between February and April of 2019, the period when most layoffs happened. Many of the good reviews were even entered on the same day. I’d be very suspicious of these. They seem like those reviews people are “asked” to enter when the company wants to improve their image.
Advice: It's hard to preach to the deaf and blind, but in the rare event that someone from leadership sees this comment, take a deep good look at what you are doing to this company and the brand. Your decisions may have made more money to investors now, but public perception is at the worst level right now and only time will tell the impact it will have in the near future. Just look at the bad comments in social media. They easily overtake the good ones. You have destroyed many dreams and loyalties that will never come back. My family has been a loyal customer of  your products for more than 20 years. We have owned a dozen of your  cars, but after the way we were treated we can no longer be ambassadors of the brand and will never buy another vehicle from you.
Pros: Decent salary, benefits, PTO, 401k and bonuses, while they last...

Cons: Lack of job security, the industry is prone to layoffs and you can be laid off at any time despite being a high performer
Advice: Stop laying off your high performers.  Focus on making quality vehicles over trying to increase short term profitability
Pros: The ambassador program was nice.  You could reserve newer GM cars and drive them around for a week free of charge.  Great atmosphere and GM really takes care of its employees

Cons: Things have not been good since moving over to Information Technology.  A lot of the deals are done on the back of a bar napkin in Austin.  Suppliers are no longer treated like strategic partners, only like dirt unless you are a preferred supplier (have personal connections to current leadership)
Advice: Stop awarding work based on friends of friends and move back to utilizing competitive bids to get GM the best possible price for the best service
Pros: I used to love my job when I was a Buyer for OEM vehicle parts.  GPSC is a great group with some strong leaders

Cons: Too many products (future and current) too many directions, never meeting deadlines in any phase of the development/validation, and definitely not enough staff or budget in the essential areas. Too big of a company to make a difference and/or be noticed/professionally recognized. Also, be aware that they can be hiring and firing at the same location at one time.
Advice: Too many layers, too much distance between CEO and floor.
Pros: Plenty of opportunities, new jobs opening all the time

Cons: You need to be extremely well connected if you want to have a chance at getting promoted. It's not too hard to get in, but very hard to move up since they prefer to hire someone new as opposed to promoting someone when there is a job opening.
Advice: Promote more people internally
Pros: Good work life balance, rarely worked more than 40 hours a week
Great retirement benefits, well above average contribution and matching
Amazing health insurance
Management is competent and relaxed

Cons: Work/life balance, Bad balance of managers to employees (More people telling people to do the work than there are people to do the work), hard to move around in the company, very content to just keep doing things how they have always been done, even if it's not working.
Advice: There's a lot of good things at the top but nothing ever seems to trickle down to the employees that it would help.
Pros: Good benefits, UAW Holidays off

Cons: The direction of the company changes so much it is tough to plan ahead.  Also, the more tenured employees are treated a lot better than the newer employees both in terms of workload and opportunities.
Advice: Stop playing favors to the more tenured managers and treat all employees the same.  Make it easier for working parents to have a work life balance.  Start addressing the glut of middle managers who add no value and shirk all of their work onto their employees.
Pros: You have the benefit of putting a Fortune 500 company on your resume.  Health, dental, and disability coverage is competitive

Cons: Environment has gone toxic now they must weather the lack of demand for new vehicles
Advice: Drop stack ranking and forced PIPs.  I know that you must force hands of some managers to show "managerial courage", however you need to see past that and let leaders lead.
Pros: Doing cool stuff! Working on cutting edge technologies, great place to gain experience if you end up on the right team.

Cons: Deadlines and resources unrealistic at times.
Advice: Be more realistic in your ability (or lack there of) to rank people and  understand technical details.  Talk to your people and listen.  To hear multiple new engineers in their twenty's say director level management is "sketchy" was a real shocker.
Pros: Great and challenging work, with pride of accomplishment when its done.  Coworkers bend over backwards to help each other out.

Cons: Old timers at MPG and Pontiac are eating up the company like termites. Resistance to change. Working in silos. Lack of System Integration
Advice: Get the old timers replaced by fresh talent from outside. Hire talented experienced senior engineers from diverse backgrounds, so that company can benefit from alternative thinking and ideas.
Pros: Product Development at Warren is great

Cons: Although the culture is changing, it's still too risk averse and fear-based which limits innovation.
Advice: Continue your great efforts to change the culture to reduce fear and unlock innovation.
Pros: Working at GM offered a wide variety of roles and opportunities including internal startups, international assignments, technology, and the opportunity to build multiple businesses/revenue streams - great company.

Cons: I worked in GMIT for 4 years. I no longer do. If you were family, I would advise you to avoid GMIT for several reasons:

(1) There is no defined technical career plan if you don't want to become a Project Manager. GM likes to pretend (lie) that not having a defined technical career plan speaks to the various career opportunities that you will encounter at GM. In reality, out of my 4 years at GM, i saw a grand total of TWO people in my org (about 150 people) get promoted. The rest stayed in same position, switched teams, or left GM altogether. Many of the people in my org who I respected as brilliant engineers inevitably leave GM for greener pastures.



(2) GM doesn't appreciate IT. They talk a lot about having a vision of GM as a tech company while simultaneously offering none of the perks of tech companies and certainly nowhere close to the salary (esp in Austin, a growing tech hub). Pay for coffee, pay for food at "lunch &amp; learn" event, etc

(3) Many of your colleagues in GMIT will be low-performers and you will often have to clean up after them. This is largely due to the complete absence of technical questions during the interview. It's all personality questions. So you end up working with people who are polite and incapable of innovation.

(4) Many teams don't follow best practices for software development. Code review, continuous integration, blue-green deploy, unit testing, etc .... completely absent on many teams. Your skills will actually end up deteriorating if you're not careful (even as a college grad with a clean slate mind) . Imagine going to an interview for your next job and saying "we didn't write unit tests" - who would want to hire that engineer ? If you do end up working at GMIT, have your side projects that you work on at home so that you can actually solve interesting problems and have something to talk about in interviews.
Advice: (1) This may seem brutal but you need another round of massive layoffs. For the amount of work done, there is no reason GMIT needs to be greater than 1,000 people globally. Get rid of the folks who refuse to grow with the skill set required in today's IT. 

(2) Offer competitive salaries if you wish to retain IT talent. Before you do that, recognize that GM is dead without innovative IT so stop thinking of IT as a cost center and instead as a catalyst that drives innovation in every other part of the business. I was able to leave and get a 50% raise in Austin - you will never retain top talent at this rate.

(3) Offer a "technical track" for IT folks who don't enjoy being in meetings all day and enjoy solving tough technical problems. Again, this will help retain talent.
Pros: Lots of vacation given on day 1

Cons: Management only promotes minorities, family or drinking buddies.  Looking at the future I am glad that I got out. They will file for bankruptcy again. They spend like drunken sailors on leave.  Too many yes men in the ranks, need some people to give them a reality check.
Advice: Move managers around, be more open to ideas from the peanut gallery.
Pros: Good money and benefits, if you are connected.

Cons: Shrinking automotive market
Layoffs are bound to happen again, soon
Turning into a tech company
Typical corporate inefficiencies and moral deliemmas that can be frustrating at times
Advice: None. Every manager I had was excellent
Pros: Great Work/life balance
Competitive Salary
Lots of smart hard working people at GM
You manage your time and business. You gain a lot of skills and business knowledge due to how much responsiblity you have.

Cons: Bad work environment that time.  Mass college recruitment  in 2012-13 when the new CIO came in with his lieutenants and bring in people.  Too much ideas and work processes floating around.  I felt no sincerity on management.  Look at where are they now. ... These kids left and move on somewhere..
Advice: Do not focus on mass college recruitment.  Respect the ideas of experienced employees and don’t compare them to these kids whose very hungry to move upwards at all cost!  Hire more experienced and seasoned professionals.
Pros: Ok salary, good vacation number upfront starting at 3 weeks + additional

Cons: -Areas are in deep silos
-Large bureaucracy
-A lot of politics involved
-Moving from area to area can be difficult
Advice: Re-evaluate upper management's decisions to how day-to-day work is being done. There are large disconnects between processes upper management wants versus how day-to-day work is actually done. Director level and higher don't know how systems and work is actually done at the analyst level.
Pros: -Strong structure/support for day-to-day work
-Highly competitive wages
-Generous amount of vacation and holidays

Cons: I was downsized after 29 years of loyal service, just before I could retire.  Clear case of age discrimination in my opinion. You will not be promoted in unless you are part of "the club" of insiders.
Advice: Think of the ramifications of replacing highly experienced people with millennials, may not be wise. Stop hyper focusing on electric cars that can't be sold at a profit.
Pros: Very good pay and benefits.

Cons: movement within is difficult
starting pay is low for the area
buddy system for desired roles or avoiding layoffs
Advice: stop hiring managers to manage managers to manage managers
Pros: Little micromanaging
raises put your salary on par for the area after the 3 years in new college hire program
bonus is nice @ 10% of salary (requirements can make or break it)

Cons: Top down approach to leadership and management in recent years.  Hard to move around.  Quick to release even the most loyal people when cost reductions come.
Advice: Stop talking culture and act like the company that you say you want to be.
Pros: Very good educational benefits.  Decent medical, dental, etc.  Great compensation package including paid company car at the management level and above.

Cons: * Old guard is not willing to take chances
* Failure results in being ostracized instead of following the "fail fast" paradigm
* Middle management has no willingness to take risks due to above item
Advice: * Promote people who question status-quo
* People who fail are actually more valuable if they learn their lesson (allow them to learn those lessons)
Pros: * Best paymaster in entier Metro Detroit Area
* Very new workforce (60% hired in last 5 years)

Cons: People are moved around too often. Beaurocracy and levels of management approval required for simple things, and lack of employee empowerment can be frustrating.
Advice: Seek the advice of the "people that know" before downsizing whole departments and then having to hire people back and pay extravagant expediting fees.
Pros: Very good pay and benefits. Great place to learn a lot of skills.

Cons: Management is not good.  People knowingly withhold information and raise their voices at their direct reports.  I do not want to work for a company that openly accepts this behavior for its managers.  Also, seems like 8B, 8A, and 8Z promotions are given to friends of friends in Austin.
Advice: Promote based on contribution and aptitude, not personal connections.  Stop tolerating bad managers who jawbone their employees
Pros: Great company with a lot of history.  Good amount of days off with knowledgeable co-workers and some good people around the office that general want to do good

Cons: Many layers of management.  At one point, I counted 9 layers of management between myself and senior leadership.  Very hierarchical, you are discourage from speaking to your bosses boss even if your boss is gone
Advice: There is a lot of opportunity to flatten the organization.  There are some layers of management that do not add a lot of value
Pros: Interesting work, a lot of opportunity at company

Cons: End of June GM is moving all of the Pontiac campus employees (2,000+) to the Warren Tech Center which is a really long drive for many people.  Opportunities for growth seem somewhat limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Was a direct employee for 5 years. Good salary, good benefits, 401k with employer matching, generous vacation and paid holidays. 40 hour work weeks, no overtime. Relaxed atmosphere, limited supervision and the work was rewarding.

Cons: It's near impossible to navigate the corporate structure to get the right signatures. The size of the company leads to a difficult bureaucracy to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: Great corporate benefits, salary, opportunity for growth, and culture. I really enjoyed the people I worked with and the opportunities I was given. I learned a lot in a short time.

Cons: Part of what makes GM great is also a con in the sense of how fast company structure changes. You're provided so many opportunities but you have to keep rebuilding relationships with managers upon role changes.
Advice: Put forth great effort to get to know your employees.
Pros: - Competitive pay
- Great benefits
- Plenty of opportunities to change roles
- Most, if not all, your co-workers are smart and motivated people

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy, experience varies wildly from team to team, difficult to get anything to change.
Advice: Listen to the people on the ground floor. Management in a company this size is often disconnected from the day-to-day needs of employees and it got annoying having to play politics to get anyone to hear you. Also, break down silos.
Pros: Fantastic benefits, great work/life balance

Cons: GM had a big layoffs not too long ago, it was handled poorly. There is a reorg happening after the lay-off, showed how much the management don’t care about their employees. 

Bad manager- the females are treated so unfairly in the team compared to the male employees! 

Stop telling people they are free to apply for different roles internally and block them because all the politics behind the scenes!
Advice: Be more considered to your employees like you said you are. Stop giving out false promises and leave your people hanging for months.
Pros: Good benefits- lots PTOs, cheap health insurance

Cons: - If you earn a higher salary you might get laid off ( I have seen it happen)
- if you are a new hire you might get laid off within a year ( I have seen it happen) 
- too many levels of upper management
- lower levels of management are not leaders, they are just people who want status updates. They do not care for career growth of the employee whatsoever. They are making some horrible people that everyone dislikes people managers. 
- they lay off half your group and expect you complete all those tasks and then tell you you are doing an ok job despite the workload.
- they expect you to work 12 hours a day if you want to grow ( despite not having 12 hours of work) 
- most of GM is fat, they hire too many people because management and resource management is super poor.  
- If you aren’t a politician don’t work for GM if you want to grow, hard work doesn’t matter, who you
Know matters. Know your directors since managers do not have any power really ( or they don’t care).
- processes are slow and ancient. 
- they said autonomous and active safety is the safest place to be, they had layoffs there too.
-no work from home options 
-level system is horrible. Nobody knows what they mean, since people with 5 years of experience might be the same level as someone with 15 years. So many high level people have nothing much to do, so many low level people have so much more to do than them. 
-they want you to be scared of upper management , not befriend them and have a good working atmosphere. 
- 100 good things done, and one mistake you make , you are on the lay-off list.
- some people will stab your back to look better than you. 
-Drive competitive products and learn what is wrong with your vehicles. Active safety features are standard in Toyota and Honda. 
- don’t be blind about competition , embrace it and learn about it, remove the stupid sign on the parking structure saying GM products only, it’s 2019.
- why did we choose bolt to be our electric Tesla competition?? That small car segment never sold, should have made an all electric Volt. 
- GM has the right to lay you off and destroy your family but people are treated like poorly if they wanted to leave voluntarily ( they walk you out). If people wanted to sell out sensitive information about GM, they would have done it already, you don’t need to walk people out, it’s not helping anything, it’s only hurting your reputation , and prevents employees from being honest to their managers.
Advice: -Managers should Hire conservatively and intelligently. 
- listen to employees, don’t listen to back stabbing selfish employees. 
- ALL upper and lower MANAGEMENT SHOULD READ GLASSDOOR ( and all other websites) REVIEWS to see what is wrong and help the company.
- make leaders people managers, don’t make mean and back stabbing employees managers, this happens too much and it’s self destructive for GM.
Pros: They pay you a high salary if you asked for it. Benefits and 401k are industry best. Cafeteria has some good food. If you want good money and the spouse is making enough money for you to survive a lay-off and if you like workplace POLITICS, this is the place for you. 
Vacation days and holidays are plenty

Cons: Many of the buildings on the Warren campus have seen better days.  Also, new IT management has brought in very manual processes to replace what used to be a pretty efficient way of getting things done.  A lot of time is spent copying in pasting from Excel spreadsheets into Powerpoint for presentations
Advice: Streamline your IT organization, get rid of all of these new manual processes that have made workers less efficient
Pros: Salary is competitive, good family and friends discounts on cars, and a good sense of team with the folks in Warren

Cons: 1) Lot of empty promises to Wall Street
2) Lost a great amount of talent due to poor management during voluntary lay offs
3) Wants to become a tech company in a very short time.
Advice: Revamp your middle management, and bring some young blood
Pros: 1) One of the Big Three in US
2) Product portfolio is revamped from top to bottom
3) Good benefits in terms of vacation days and paid holidays.

Cons: Like any job you get out what you put in as long as you stay on the positive side if you boss
Advice: Go back to a time clock system. Your too big to properly manage your employees.  Or better yet embrace working from home. With today’s technology you can do your job from home
Pros: If you trying to start a home based business it is the best place to work

Cons: Lack of opportunities for advancement in Austin.  If you want to advance you need to move to Detroit.
Advice: If you truly want a local presence  - you need to invest in your talent in those locations and provide those employees with career opportunities.
Pros: Benefits and PTO are fantastic!   Great opportunity for someone who is just starting out in their career.

Cons: Very cult like culture here.  You are forced to agree with what your managers and directors say or else they will make your life difficult.  Managers and directors are very buddy buddy and outsiders dont always feel welcome
Advice: Drain the swamp down here in Texas.  You had some good people before February and a lot were let go to protect inside interests.  Promote a few people on merit here and there
Pros: Medical, dental, ample PTO provided per year as well as GM holidays - some of the best in the business

Cons: Managers in IT are very under qualified.  A lot of the time, they will ask leading questions trying to passive aggressively get you to admit to something or make a point that you don't want to make which is a huge waste of time.  Rumors are spread among Directors and gossip is not discouraged.
Advice: Implement anti-gossip rules as some Managers like to gossip outside their teams and spread rumors that are not always true.
Pros: Decent salary and medical is very good here.  Cost for prescriptions is low even with the lowest plan

Cons: There is no confidentiality.  I had to take a medical leave and by the time I came back, people on other teams knew I had cancer and I was labeled as 'unreliable'  Managers are more robots than human
Advice: Consider workers feelings when exchanging confidential information between teams.  I do not need to know that someone on team Z is clinically depressed
Pros: Amazing work environment with all the amenities of working for a cash rich company including nice work area, $2000 state of the art chairs, adjustable standing desks, etc

Cons: Often easy to find unskilled &amp; lazy employees enough to question how they got hired in the first place.
Advice: Be more transparent with the team, if there are long hours expected, plan ahead to allocate time/resources and lastly, micro-managing is not something most employees enjoy.
Pros: Benefits are outstanding, management works to make you feel part of the organization, yearly performance &amp; earnings based bonus

Cons: Avoid to work here if you are a senior developer. Very limited room for career growth.
Do not work here if office politics is not something you are good at.
Advice: Eliminate those dev managers who just play office politics. They are a major cause of low morale.
Pros: vacation, 
sick leave,
bonus,
CEO,
Talented co-workers, if you are lucky in a good dev team.

Cons: Management is not so good.  You are not working on cutting edge IT systems - they are largely 10-15 years behind current technology.  You will see a lot of your co-workers and friends leave to either attrition or layoffs
Advice: Value the contribution of younger employees.  Your current management structure is not working and your technology is out of date.  Maybe its time to bring in new leadership
Pros: This is a great way to relocate from another city.  GM relocated me from my University out of state.  Generous annual bonuses

Cons: Managers could be nicer.  You will love your work but chances are you wont like coming into work every day.  Leaders and Directors tend to have non-IT backgrounds so a lot of time is spent dumbing down your work to others.  Also, promotions have been decided years in advance and new hires are on the very bottom of the pyramid.
Advice: Nothing, try to shift away from the current crony culture
Pros: Generous pay and good resources to work with.  Large budgets to work with in case you want new software tools to tinker with

Cons: Many managers are not on board for operating in a manner consistent with what is being preached by upper management.   Your positive or negative experience is tied directly to your manager/department.
Advice: None
Pros: Mary Barra communicates her vision for the company.  She is very inspiring and makes her expectations for working with integrity and securing a great future for the company very clear.  Employees hear from her frequently.

Cons: Environment and leadership is very homogeneous.  There have been a few comments from my people leader that have made me a little uncomfortable.  I think there are opportunities for management to be more accepting of other peoples backgrounds
Advice: Embrace diversity as that is the way of world these days.  Managers should not comments on employees piercings of tattoos unless it adversely affects their job performace
Pros: I love GM cars and have owned them all my life.  It was always a dream  to work here and be part of the driving force that makes them

Cons: Company as a whole has a very short term focus.  Projects tend to be very short-sighted and layoffs are often and not objective
Advice: If you delegate layoffs to certain people, you can guarantee they are going to save their buddies whether they deserve to stay or not.  If you are going to fire people, make them fair and transparent
Pros: OK first job, you get to learn how to integrate software into a very process driven company.  A lot of opportunities for improvement within the company so years worth of work out there for software devs

Cons: Many people work long hours to get the work done; there is a lot of work to do, and not enough people to do it in some areas...
Advice: None
Pros: The company is headed in a good direction, with an aggressive focus on new technologies (electric, autonomous), while still working to keep the current profit-makers (crossovers, SUVs, trucks) some of the best on the market

Cons: Low starting salary. A lot of politics. Software process is lacking. Hires get placed into random areas. No guarantee you will work in space you apply for.
Advice: Take time to hire adequate candidates. People without software experience get into these jobs.
Pros: Easy to get in. Great benefits. Tons of PTO. Work life balance is top notch.

Cons: Hooboy, where to begin.  Automated driving along w almost every other dpt was gutted via massive layoffs at the beginning of the yr.  This practically decimated an already sterile and luke warm work culture. I joined GM for a slight pay bump and an additional week of vacay, ignoring several ex-gmer's warnings....and highly regret that decision.

-Software work is so silo'd, few really know how features work completely.
-Pretty old school sw tools and methodologies.
-Code is "interesting", a lot of redundant messy logic with limited documentation or commenting.
-Very hands off/cubicle environment...opposite of fast tesla-like build/flash/test environment. Very few have even flashed a module or taken an in-vehicle data trace.
-Future AD features may or may not be developed in a different country.
-Sketchy bordeline age discrimination, where only younger employees were called back for their same jobs after layoffs.
-Milford is pretty out there, and the winter commute is even worse. Think twice before you buy a house out there in the current auto market - most other employer commutes are on the high traffic side of 96 (for future lay-offs).
-A weird lack of fundamental automotive knowledge in the dpt.
TL;DR: If you want a challenging, real AV developer job, I'd recommend the companies in the west coast or PA...and if you're constrained to SE MI check out the Tier I's.

Fyi GM is in damage control  - be very critical on any reviews since Jan 2019 (massive lay-offs company wide).
Advice: Be very grateful the highly non-technical EGM layer exists....at many flatter orgs this would be the first to go.
Pros: Reviewer disclaimer: experienced engineer that has worked for multiple tech companies in multiple industries.

-Decent co-workers in ADAS, not particularly passionate/knowledgeable about work but tolerable.
-Avg. benefits for mid-west auto: 8% match after 3 yrs, 1500 annual hsa, 9-10% annual bonus, $8k tuition assistance w no pay back clause, free ev charging, 3 weeks vacay (one week required to take during the 4th)+1 week xmas break.
-Easy work and decent work life balance for new grads, people with young children or elderly parents, people with low energy careers, or going back to school part-time. 
-Maybe you can network w Cruise and get a job there?
-Getting to hear the supercruise team bash tesla autopilot after selling 3 CT6's to a demographic that doesn't even use it....while creating very similar sounding features....several years later (so, like what's a neural net?).
-If you sell your house and move your family across the country and get let go only months later, you get to keep the relo and corp phone?
-The blue layoff bags can double as re-usable grocery bags lol.
-The cool aid given to the Berkeley new grads is that owning a house is actually achievable (primo irony rn).

Cons: Promotion can be tricky and political 
Open layout office makes it inefficient 
No car allowance to test drive GM vehicles ( used to be in the past) unless level 8 or higher
Whole lotta documentation crap for engineers
Location!!!!
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, 8% 401k match 3 yrs vested
Work from home
Flexible work hours
Easy vacation approvals
Business class flights when business trip outside of NA
Tuition help
Etc

Cons: Everything else. Company is a total mess, thanks to everything revolving around petty office politics. Departments don’t speak or cooperate with each other, as they tend to be managed by inexperienced arrogant young folks the company has deemed as having leadership potential despite their utter lack of management capabilities and led by Mary Barra’s BFFs (the old boys club basically being replaced by a culture and level of maturity that is worse than what I experienced in my college sorority). 

Performance reviews are based on total fluff criteria rather than legit metrics. Commitment to “sustainability” and an electric future also total marketing fluff as internally staff are assigned to efforts to prop up gas guzzling truck market and stifle growth of electric vehicle market to protect company margins. Left job after 2 months due to being totally disillusioned about company claims re innovation and 0-0-0 mission (Mary Barra is indeed great marketer but sadly incompetent leader too entrenched in the GM way- nepotism and optics over substance). 

Leadership &amp; HR like to play up the value of working for a “Fortune 10” company when recruiting you, but once you’re stuck in Detroit it’s oh so hilarious to find out your health insurance covers nothing (went from paying $60 a month for medications at a DC non profit to $600 a month working for GM and $10/month to $180/month for doctors visits thanks to the highest deductible I’ve ever had to pay), that you actually lose money investing in their 401k plan, that the “discount” on vehicles is less than what you could get if you simply negotiated with a dealership instead and ultimately still leaves you overpaying for a terrible (in terms of both performance and desirability) car bc you can’t be seen driving a significantly more affordable, better quality Honda Civic without being called out on the company’s yammer feed, and that despite being entitled to 3 weeks of vacation, when they say “use it or loose it” you’re actually being encouraged to do the latter and will be penalized for doing the former. 

Company is so obsessed with cutting costs at the expense of employee benefits and well being that you will get mocked for asking where to find Kleenex when you have a cold (the answer I was given: “there’s a CVS downstairs as you know...”) or for ANY supplies or tools beyond a laptop and spotty internet connection (when asking for file folders and a place to put paperwork related to my work, was belittled for suggesting piling everything I’d need for my job on the table top that posed as my desk was not sufficient, and was forced to use research tools and subscriptions provided by my recent alma mater to do my job after requesting and being denied access to information resources beyond what I could google- including subscriptions my manager had access to but refused to share due to the aforementioned sorority culture). Basically you are being set up to fail, and unless you have an engineering degree and/or amazing contacts in the auto industry you’re screwed once they’ve tricked you into moving to Detroit only to find out working for GM is nothing like what it’s marketed to be, from culture to benefits to the impact and mission of the work.
Advice: You’re no Tesla, so stop pretending like you’re competing with Elon Musk for the same caliber of employee. Those of us that genuinely care about the mission of a company will indeed run themselves into the ground with exhaustion and sacrifice a lot to see it fulfilled, but they will not tolerate that level of sacrifice at GM when they quickly realize the alleged 0-0-0 mission is a con to trick investors and millennials into thinking the Mary Barra GM is not simply the same of GM that got bailed out during the crisis under shuffled, but effectively the same, leadership. Either provide recruits with better benefits, including work life balance, or purpose, but don’t starve them of both.
Pros: Company obviously has good name recognition with prospective future employers

Cons: Still very corporate and old school; needs to become more collaborative and open to new ideas. Need improvement in building culture and retaining good talent. Management needs work.
Advice: Train or bring in managers that care are their employees. Build a culture of inclusion/transparency and a plan that promotes mentorship and growth of careers.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Great products. Knowledgeable people. Room for growth.

Cons: Where to begin...

Middle management varies - some groups have very engaged managers, while others have indifferent to poor managers through either a lack of leadership or poor understanding of what their groups are supposed to accomplish.

Difficult to be listened to when you're not an "anointed one." In my group, there were definitely people who had my manager's ear more than everyone else. There were a lot of good suggestions that could have improved our group that were ignored.

Meetings... meetings... meetings... Too many meetings where nothing gets accomplished which begets more meetings... and the cycle continues.

Poor company culture - the emphasis on safety in everything seems to be widely ignored at multiple levels in both personal safety and product development. I personally experienced quite a bit of stress and frustration trying to convince middle management of a safety issue that needed addressing before I (and a few others) were taken seriously. On the personal safety side, the rule about not using cellphones while walking is widely violated and managers are too timid to enforce it (actually, managers break this rule as much as everyone else).

Some people who work there are convinced that they are the end all/be all of engineering, and their personalities can be described as abrasive. This makes it difficult to work with others when you feel like you are constantly being patronized.
Advice: LISTEN to what your people are telling you. Don't be afraid to listen to those you deem too young or inexperienced because sometimes their perspective lacks the bias that clouds too many people's judgment. Also, heed what is said in the Workplace of Choice survey. It would be refreshing to see management take action about what would make the company better, rather than make a big deal of saying that they read all of the feedback but for one reason or another, they can't take any action to effect change.

EMPOWER the various levels of the organization. There are too many levels of red tape and approvals needed for engineering change requests. You have tech fellows and technical leadership teams that should be empowered to make decisions up to a certain level. Too often, engineering work is subsumed by the process of approvals and updating the planners and trackers who only understand quotas, not technical work.

AUTHORITY - use it. The tone from the top emphasizes safety in everything, yet I observed many levels of the organization flouting these rules. Especially when middle management does this, it endangers the entire organization because there will be many people who may not stand up for what is right and may compromise the safety of the customer. The tone from the top must be backed up with authority (i.e. consequences) for those who do not follow the rules.

DECIDE on a strategy and plan business functions around it. For example, the ongoing layoffs seem to be a knee-jerk reaction to a problem of overstaffing. People who were hired in the last five years are being let go, and this seems to be a poor way of handling the company's greatest assets - the people. I personally cannot conceive how GM will attract top talent after this round of layoffs end.
Pros: Some of the most intelligent, committed, and fun people I have ever worked with. I'm happy to say that I will remain friends with these folks.

Benefits, compensation, and vacation were good - no complaints about those.

Cons: Too many senior managers and Directors. Nepotism. Lacking in future strategic growth plans. Zero communication from Directors and below.
Advice: Control spending during good times. Stop heavy bonus structures for Sr. managers and Directors. Stop cutting jobs that matter. Have a clear vision and communicate to employees.
Pros: Competitive pay, benefits, flexible hours.

Cons: Layoff affects contractors first. very hard to direct hire jobs for people needing work visa. Very far behind in technology and implementation of technology.
Advice: use talent based metrics for promotion and termination. Not just who you know and who your dad was within the organization .
Pros: good work life balance and flexible work schedule

Cons: If you don't end up on the right team, say hello to maintaining old applications. The processes also don't help.
Advice: Don't implement a new "process" every time something goes amiss or if there simply isn't a "business process" there.
Pros: Good benefits and a great work environment (if you end up on the right team)

Cons: Politics
90% of the work done by 30% of the people
Lots of old farts still around
Advice: Force high paid, older employees to earn their pay
Don't play favorites
Detail how an employee can move up or if it's impossible say so
Downsize management
Pros: Great work life balance opportunity
Flexible
Room for growth albeit slow at times
Hi tech work

Cons: For a company focused on becoming a technology leader, why did they lay-off so many Technologists?  Company lacks an executable vision.
Advice: Focus on becoming the U.S. best vehicle brand
Pros: Great health benefits and retirement perks for those lucky enough to survive  bankruptcy and layoffs due to wild swings in the industry overall

Cons: You're just a commodity - high attrition rate
Creativity not tolerated
Long hours including weekends
Setup to fail
Promotions do not exist
NO training - figure it out
Manage Up mentality
Advice: Encourage and inspire workers. Want positive results, have respect for employees. 
Stop the manage up mentality and DO your job!
Pros: Worked with open-minded, creative, energetic people.
People who want to make a difference

Cons: The managers are not that dedicated.  One of the directors spends half his time at a pizza shop he owns and takes you there for 'team lunches'.  Seems the more you socialize with the HP group, the higher you go
Advice: Get rid of some of the not so dedicated managers and directors
Pros: The work is really interesting, especially with all of the new initiatives with the Autonomous Vehicle, ride sharing, and the new oncoming vehicle platforms.  It is great to be part of such an ever changing industry

Cons: all talk and no action from directors.  i have been hearing comments about how fast things and efficient things are going to be for the past 5 years, still little progress has been made due to lack of direction.  data is manipulated to hide certain deficiencies within the department
Advice: get some managers who know how to get results without fudging numbers to make things look better than they actually are
Pros: office is in a great location, desks are comfortable and chairs are nicer than I have seen at my previous companies

Cons: There is no true appreciation of talent, you can work weekends, nights and take away from your family and never a thank you or recognition. Poor under qualified crony managers ( previously fired from Dell) find ways to fault and grade as this come from their top leader making room for her friends and bonus opportunities
Advice: Fire the PMO leaders and get true certified professionals that are seasoned in employee appreciation
Pros: GM itself is a great company and with the right management and fair treatment can excel

Cons: Frequent restructuring / Good old boys type of network still in play / As with many large organizations, who you know and the group you're in speaks more highly than your work, at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Adopts newer technology more quickly than in the past, benefits package, 401k, diverse culture, renovation of various campus'

Cons: 1. Old Fashioned management
2. Insane Bureaucracy
3.  Not much flexibility for actual innovation and idea sharing
4. Not much opportunity for advancement
Advice: Adapt to new methods of management and the development process
Pros: 1. Great pay and benefits
2. Great work life balance
3. Solid New College Hire Program

Cons: The facility here in Roswell is not the best.  Your job is not secure.  GM seems to have opted for a strategy of employing new college hires while getting rid of more of their experienced hires.  Will be interesting to see how this plays out long term
Advice: Consider keeping experienced hires to mentor younger LSSYBs and LSSGBs.  Six Sigma has been proven to eliminate waste
Pros: I loved working at GM.  I had great teammates sprinkled all across the US and got to work on some high impact initiatives

Cons: Manual labor, will replace us first chance they get, no communication between mgmt and floor personnel, generally awful morale
Advice: Talk to your members, tell us what's going on, why are you canceling overtime, and then immediately scheduling overtime. Stop leaving us in the dark.
Pros: UAW provides some job security, great pay &amp; benefits for no college degree, paid holidays

Cons: Management is terrible.  Communication is non-existent after changes to procedures.  Groups make their own policies without consulting the groups the changes will affect.
Advice: Listen to your employees suggestions and actually support them.
Pros: Good benefits and 401K.  There are some great people that work here.

Cons: Companies run on relationships and that is very much the case here. Any company that has been around for more than 10 years will develop several tiers of management and with that, fiefdoms.  If you have a good social game you'll do fine.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall benefits package is in line with any large corporation based in US.

Cons: Wide variety of experiences.  Remain s to be seen that the new direction is viable.
Advice: Work harder at ensuring the policies are adhered to at lower levels.
Pros: I worked in the business services side and management team was pretty good. Alas, anew team is in place now, so remain s to be seen that they will continue in the tradition.

Cons: Very disparate treatment of employees.  You can have your request for Continuing Education required to do your job rejected while your co-worker gets their $100K+ graduate school fully paid for by GM.  Your opportunities within the company are directly correlated with your relationship with Management.
Advice: Treat all of your employees fairly, people pick up on the disparate treatment and it kills morale
Pros: Very interesting work, you can work on a lot of large, global projects.  Many GM and public holidays recognized

Cons: There are a lot of politics and things generally take a long time to get done.  IT is not as state-of-the-art as you would think for such a large company.  A lot of what is going in right now will need to be replaced in a few years to bring it up to modern tech standards
Advice: Don't reshape your programs and technology to conform to inefficient business processes
Pros: The salary is higher that average, although you will find that different people are one different packages depending on when they joined GM

Cons: You'll be stuck under some "level 8 lead" that basically kills any creativity you may have. 

Throw away any good ideas and creative thinking before you join GM! because all you're going to do is fill up power points and be forced to attend meetings!

Zero chances advancement in your same team, just some layoffs threats after years of very hard and dedicated work!
Advice: Don't hire smart people and force them to work with out of touch "leads"
Pros: Pay is not bad compared to other companies and Benefits are ok.

Cons: Management lies to much, prefer to hire temps and layoff regular employees
Advice: Tell your people the truth and stop looking for ways to write people up. Let them do the job you hired them to do. People don't want to come to work if management is making it miserable
Pros: The benefits, Union, vacation, bonuses, great for OT if you need it

Cons: The people, managers tend to come from non tech backgrounds and have no idea to relate to my job.  Also, managers will verbally state that your job wont be eliminated only to turn around and cut your job weeks later
Advice: We get that GM is downsizing.  Please be honest and fair with employees that will be affected in the future.  Dont make job guarantees that you cant keep
Pros: Really like the campus here in Texas, old converted Dell building that is in tip top shape

Cons: Many layers of management and bureaucracy.  Much of your time is spent preparing presentations for your boss who will present it to their boss, and all the way up the chain.  IT leadership is not that versed in technology
Advice: Flatten the organization so that regular employees have access to leadership regularly.
Pros: Sense of camaraderie on the Warren campus.  Ample charities to get involved in and GM allows you to take 1 day per year to volunteer a local non profit.

Cons: The work is terrible.  You constantly have to fudge numbers to put a rosier picture on things.  Lack of career opportunities.  Teams are constantly changing and slow team members are constantly being shuffled to other teams when they should just be let go
Advice: Stop shuffling the dead wood in Austin, just cut it off the tree already
Pros: Great car discount if you ever want to buy a Buick or Chevrolet.  You can even pass this discount onto your family if they want to use a discount code

Cons: Wouldn't pay as well or have even half the benefits if they weren't forced to.
Management doesn't abide by the rules set in place even by the unions.
Advice: listen to your employees, don't harass them or look for faults that aren't there, and accept that mechanical breakdowns simply happen when machines are used at the rate that they are.
Pros: Honestly decent pay and benefits

Cons: Uninterested, uninformed mid level management that does not listen to working level employees.
Advice: Listen to your employees.  Take an interest in what your people do and how they do it and rather than only reacting to what the person above you wants or thinks.
Pros: Pay, benefits, vacation and coworkers.

Cons: If you are a level 7A it is very hard to reach level 8.  It's who you know at GM.
Advice: Be fair.  Don't just put out a req if you have someone picked out to fill the spot already.  It's a waste of everyone's time.
Pros: Good salary, good work life balance

Cons: Managers in general do ok at managing. They are challenged at leading.
Advice: Focus more on leading people.  Identifying what makes your people tick.  And then leading them to greatness.
Pros: If you have interest in anything automotive, through dedication and hard work you will be able to achieve it.

Cons: Upper management more concerned about short term stock price, rather than long term sustainability and employee retention .
Advice: Cutting head counts doesn't fix the problems at the company, it just temporarily makes it look like there isnt a problem.
Pros: Working on cutting edge technology in some areas of the company.

Cons: You are forced to agree with whatever they say in Dublin and Austin.  Any mention of new ideas are different approaches are shot down immediately.
Advice: Well, hire back the ones you got rid of earlier this year.  There were some pretty good people who were just too much of a threat to the current regime
Pros: Great co-workers with a good sense of camaraderie among us.   Good medical rates if you are OK with a high deductible plan

Cons: Managers only care about performance and how things look to their superiors.  Plan on working and being on call if you get sick, have a family emergency, or have a baby.  They will work you to the bone here
Advice: Try to be more accommodating to your employees, especially during times of distress
Pros: Great campus with a lot of cool sports cars out front.  Plenty of 'charity' golf outings as a way to get out of the office during the day

Cons: Bosses can be a little heavy handed.  We are told not to give negative reviews (Workplace of Choice), to only post positive reviews of the company online, and to generally avoid speaking our minds
Advice: Rather than trying to censure employees, it would help to address the underlying problems that are causing so many concerns
Pros: GM like any big company has better than average benefits including life insurance, disability, health, dental, and vision insurance

Cons: if you are looking into  join GM, come as level 8 , (if you have experience  like 7-10 + years).  Career path is not there for mid level software developers
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment, Flexibility ( depends on which dept you are working with)

Cons: Attention all operations supervisors, plant managers have their numbers and will do anything except support their staff
Advice: Support your staff.  No really hard, should be part of the job.  Stop chasing those numbers!!!  Any promotions must go through the manager vs. your merits.
Pros: Worker bees, peers, pay.  Very much a TEAM

Cons: Management both here in Austin and Michigan seems a bit rudderless.  A lot of work is done on projects that people know add little business value but we need to use the budget up this year.  My director and manager lack overall technical knowledge and Info technology experience
Advice: Give me some leaders who can actually provide direction.  Stop funding pet projects that lack business value.  Less managers and more workers
Pros: A lot of online training modules available and good employees discounts

Cons: Micromanagement, noncompliance towards agile principles,  political games.
Advice: Just be better people to your subordinates. Treat them with respect. Understand their concerns. Don't dismiss new ideas.
Pros: A lot of teams, a lot of products, some mix of modern and ancient stacks, really a guess work of which you'll be assigned.

Cons: Long Hours
Demanding 
Challenging
Fast Paced
High Pressure
Advice: I enjoyed my time at GM, and I recommend it to others looking for manufacturing experience.  The job can sometimes become very hectic and demanding, but that is a realistic trait to being in the manufacturing industry.
Pros: Good Pay
Large Company
Diverse Age Range of Coworkers
Opportunities to Shine

Cons: Contract every 4 years is awful, can be a temp up to 5 years
Advice: Hire people in a timely manner, allow the teams to properly train new team members. Pay people what they are worth
Pros: Once hired, bonuses are nice.

Cons: Long hours, poor compensation, poor training, poor financial choices as a company, I was denied 2 raises for things that I wasn’t trained on and didn’t know I needed to know. I’ve worked many 80+ hour weeks without compensation time or pay. No praise or gratitude.
Advice: Train your employees for everything they need to do. And don’t base raises on things that you didn’t train them on.
Pros: Pretty good benefits, but they hype up the insurance as great when it’s a crazy high deductible.

Cons: I was let go due to low years of service, despite being a high performer.
Advice: It’s better for the company if you keep your high performers.
Pros: Flexible work schedule, ability to work from home

Cons: Stagnant in career, no room for growth
Advice: Stop letting HR place employees where they seem fit. Place employees based on their degrees and background
Pros: Benefits are incredible including the 3 weeks of vacation to start, 401k contributions up to 8%, and HSA.

Cons: after the lay off's everyone 's work load tripled, no one ever get's promoted
Advice: Learn to say NO! If it's a legacy application and we do not support it, say NO, we're not supporting it. Instead, they want us to to support it. Keep supporting it, application teams will never migrate to newer technology.
Pros: Laid back, relaxed atmosphere

Cons: The work is repetitive which is extremely hard on your joints. Some plants have different work environments but the long hours are hard on your body.
Advice: Give respect to get respect. You will get a better cohesive outcome from your team members.
Pros: The pay and benefits are good depending on what your lical cost of living is.

Cons: * Heavy college hire ratio
* Bean counting executive team
* Inept middle management
* Working here feels like grade school
* No career advancement; what you get in the door is all you will get
* Do as I say not as I do attitude; example - Drive2Great Behaviors
* 2019/Q1 layoffs and likely more to follow
* 3 year 401k match vesting is a joke; most people don't make it that long
Advice: None because it would be ignored
Pros: * Great benefits package
* Did I mention great benefits package?

Cons: If you get the wrong manager the job can be  really difficult.  You change jobs every 2-3 years and can get put in a group with a new or bad manager.
Advice: Monitor the new managers - at least half should have never been promoted.
Pros: Great work life balance. Great exposure to Automotive purchasing.

Cons: I am not sure what the company's mission is anymore.  It used to be making the best automobiles possible.  Now the mission is zero this, zero that, while we try to profit as much as possible on trucks and SUVs.
Advice: Articulate the company's vision more clearly.  If your employees dont know what it is, you can bet your customer doesnt know what it is.
Pros: Benefits, 401K, and salary here are top notch.  The team I work with in Warren is pretty good.

Cons: A lot of politics and you will not be allowed to voice your true opinions.  A lot of not so smart decisions are constantly being made at the top
Advice: Stop micromanaging people and allow some IT decisions to be made from Chandler, Warren, and Roswell.  You have some smart people there, use them!
Pros: The good times are really good here.  You can be guaranteed a good bonus, salary, and car perk managers when times are good

Cons: Too much politics, lacks training, no clear direction, disengaged leadership. Direct quote from VP when asked if we can have coffee at the office: “Be glad you have a job here”
Advice: Care about your employees so they might care about the company.
Pros: Good medical coverage, 401k marching, paid time off and holidays.

Cons: Low paying compared to major IT companies 
Some locations have open office planning, very little privacy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
4% Retirement contribution, plus up to 4% matching
Annual profit sharing
Multiple locations within US if desire to relocate
Tuition reimbursement up to 8K per year
Ability to work from home
Great coworkers
Great management

Cons: Functions are still very siloed. Change moves slowly which is typical for large organizations.
Advice: Continue to focus on breaking down silos if you want to beat the competition
Pros: Great pay and benefits, decent work life balance, Having a positive culture and treating employees fairly is a priority for management. This company really focuses on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: Very process driven.  Can be slow to change.  Not a place to work if you are looking for a flexible work arrangement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  A lot of paid holidays.  Able to move around if you are willing to work at it.

Cons: - re-org after every six month (mark your calendar)
- 100% remote work as PM in Austin with team in Detroit - expect disconnects
Advice: - pick one SDLC process/methodology and go for continuous improvement
- review communications plan - not everybody needs to be part of one decision
Pros: - top notch technology development
- visionary, business oriented leadership team

Cons: Very slow internal processes.  Onboarding new employees can take a while.  Continuing Education seems reserved for Managers and Directors.  I was told to pay for my own CE
Advice: Treat all employees the same, dont show favoritism towards managers and directors
Pros: Salary is above market average and good corporate discounts for employees

Cons: It took 10 months before I was allowed to conduct actual UX work. Beforehand I was just doing graphic design for team events and grunt work. Business teams are impossible to work with. No room for creativity or innovation.
Advice: The amount of red tape that has to be cut through to achieve anything is ridiculous. Oh, and don't lay off a ton of people only to hire more months later.
Pros: It is hard to beat the compensation/benefits for a new college hire.

Cons: It's all about who is right, not what is right.  You can find areas of opportunity and be told to do nothing about it until budgets are transferred over.  Leaders just seem interested in expanding their fiefdoms and budgets, not on inspiring people and doing good for the company
Advice: Stop bickering over budgets and work together to build something cool and exciting
Pros: I liked my co-workers, we generally had a good time working together all day.  Benefits are excellent

Cons: Management is highly political. Employees are judged by their "personal brand" which can mean anything (not anything that is measured, or tangible), which is comprised of gossip, and it gives them a free pass to discriminate and claim that your brand is poor. "Personal Brand" is also a key factor in job changes, and promotions. You would think HR would know better than that. 

Benefits are horrible, over $3k for your deductible.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay.. although you can get a comparable salary elsewhere.

Cons: Threatened by upper management to be fired continuously if their standards aren’t met 
Poor work life balance you might get one Saturday off a month 
The company doesn’t practice what they preach they will say they care about quality but when they have a quality issue they will just keep running 
Working with the union is horrible. It is very much management vs the union 
The hole place is just toxic and poorly managed
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is just about it the place is toxic

Cons: The frozen middle is still frozen.  Managers would rather not make any changes, no matter how broken the system is, because they can be blamed.  Culture of fear. 25% of my coworkers got their jobs because their Daddys worked there.  Much favoritism.
Advice: Why would  I waste my time with this.  You never listened before, why would I think you'd start now?  Way more than it's share of know it alls.
Pros: Good coworkers.  Enjoyed the actual work.

Cons: There are a lot of layoffs and management has become very silent about a lot of administrative matters.  Management is generally not trusted by the rank and file employees anymore.  

Since the latest round of layoffs, ordinary workers have been working 125% as hard while managers and directors have been travelling more and doing less work
Advice: Be more open with the rank and file and start listening to the ordinary worker
Pros: Benefits are generous here and annual bonus is pretty hefty

Cons: volatile industry, employees are simply pawns, unless your upper management, poor regards to employees
Advice: do not over hire, only hire and fire or layoff, only hire if you can fill their workload
Pros: good benefits, pay and exposure to life in a very big corporation

Cons: Executive management putting profits over people.  Layoffs in spite of good profits just to raise stock price because company owners (shareholders) unhappy with flat stock price.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Good people to work with.

Cons: -They recruit you heavily from other companies and lay you off a year later after you've had a great performance review.
-Cares more about shareholders than employees.
-You don't get a desk. Apparently the "future" means you're not allowed any space to work at.
Advice: None
Pros: -Salary is competitive.
-Good vacation policy.

Cons: Old and Bad Management in some areas
Advice: Easier transfer between areas in order to engage employee continue happy to work for the company. Sometimes the person dream would be work into the Product Design Team, and the management keep him/her in a position that he/she hates.
Pros: Profit Sharing, Flexible time, Good Salary

Cons: Recently went through mass layoffs decreasing morale exponentially here.  A lot of the more 'senior' staff was released, many leaders within the community with connections to outside charitable organizations.  Quite a few skilled younger employees have left on their own accord recently.
Advice: I would look into new leadership within the IT organization.  Comments like 'that sounds like a Michigan idea to me' and 'consider where you sit' are not appreciated
Pros: Cheap health care and dental insurance

Cons: Hire and fire environment.  Layoffs are not performance based so that means some of the best members of your team can be shown the door at any time.  A lot of senior managers protect their inner circles and keep their underperforming friends around indefinitely
Advice: Start laying off people based on merit, move away from the culture where senior leaders protects their own
Pros: Generous retirement benefits and the car discount is nice.  New building in Austin is awesome!

Cons: you're hired in through Aerotek and they lie about the opportunities for advancement. Promotions and raises RARELY happen, the schedule changes without warning, definitely not a good place to work if you have small children...you'll never be home.
Advice: None
Pros: weekly pay, great co-workers and sometimes they'll sponsor lunch

Cons: IT Leadership is a major disappointment
Most projects involve outdated tech,  and boring requirements, 
FreeLoader coworkers are rarely punished
Advice: Management needs to open their eyes
Pros: 20 days paid vacation
plus 17 corporate holidays
Inexpensive Health Care
Amazing work-life balance

Cons: Too much bureaucracy with hard moving decisions across so many teams until something new can get implemented. Teams tend to try to do what they did for the last 5 years and hard to change to new implementations.
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy and empowered in your decisions with not much supervising or micro-management.

Cons: They are starting to outsource again.
Mass layoffs.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing opportunity right out of college.
Great benefits.
401k match up to 5% I believe.
A lot of vacation days for new hires.

Cons: Turned down buyout, only 59 yrs.old, was not ready to retire. Was fired two weeks later for a flimsy reason, was walked out....NO insurance (was told not eligible for Cobra, no profit sharing, no unemployment...Unbelievable to treat an employee this way with a stellar record.
Advice: You might want to treat your experienced employees fairly.
Pros: Having hard time listing pros after what they did to me.

Cons: Career opportunities are only available to a select few. It comes down to who you know and not what you know. You must have someone looking out for you to have a career.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is average to above average.

Cons: They don't treat there employees as value anymore. They would replace all of us with robots or illegal immigrants if they could get a way with it.
Advice: Treat your workforce how you would like to be treated.
Pros: Steady employment, good benefits, decent pay.

Cons: Horrific experience  working long hours and not receiving adequate/market rate pay for the job I am performing. Worked there during the layoffs and this was very stressful. Put in considerable amount of effort into my role here and was not  adequately compensated. No Work from Home or flexible work policy. Horrible corporate culture.
Advice: Pay people right. Don't lay off workers that are high value add. Fire CEO and executives that are greedy.
Pros: Coworkers and colleagues are good people

Cons: Management cannot get over themselves. They really do not care about the product as long as they get their way.
Advice: Move on when you ego stands between you and your product.
Pros: Salary is competitive. The employees (workers) are generally great. World class facilities.

Cons: IT has been cut by roughly 25% to 30%
Lots of bureaucracy in IT... unnecessarily, non-value added processes.
Lots of people on non-value added positions.   Not enough IT developers.
Advice: Stop treating IT like a red headed step child.
Pros: Pay is OK.  Job is challenging.

Cons: Very disorganized training; I was tossed out in the field before I knew what I was doing
Advice: Adopt a more organized and measured training program with clear goals and timelines to go along with those goals
Pros: Great hours and a casual dress code

Cons: Difficult to move up in some areas due to saturated higher level employees
Advice: Give younger employees more opportunities to move up.
Pros: Large company experience, can move around and experience a whole different company while not leaving the company

Cons: Good software development life cycle is not uniform
Bad development practices sometimes happen
Delivery is more important than quality sometimes
Advice: Push the culture to develop best practice development. Make developing quality code a standard, and anything less than it is unacceptable.
Pros: Really relaxed environment
Decent chances to move teams
Low barrier to entry

Cons: Everyone seems to  only care about making their numbers look good. Little to no support from staff. Little to no training, then disciplined when making mistakes on issues you were supposed to be trained on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Working with some truly passionate people.

Cons: Lay off, sometimes we have to use your vacation time for shutdowns, having to work some weekends, sometimes management doesn’t care about you or personal life issues
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, profit share at the end of year (usually 10-12k), union, pretty good pay, holidays off

Cons: Tendency to rely too heavily on top talent to the point of burning then out
Essentially no possibility for career progression of you're in middle management
Advice: Appreciate and invest in the talent that you have while there is still some left.
Pros: Fast paced
Work with interesting technology
Top tier technical talent

Cons: If you want to get ahead, forget it unless you are a relative or know someone intimately.  Nepotism at its worst.  Spend much of your time apologizing to dealers and customers for the mistakes this company makes.
Advice: Change it.  The culture at GM right now is no different than it was on May 31, 2009, the day before GM filed for bankruptcy.
Pros: Very limited.   Checksheet mentality across the organization.

Cons: Leadership is not great here.  Leaders will make false promises and misdirect employees, then fire them without cause weeks later
Advice: Current leadership is not working, you might want to address that
Pros: Good if you like working with cars and factories.  A lot of work involves plant related initiatives which is pretty cool as you get to see where the cars are built

Cons: Lots of conflict between workers and temps , your a temp for over 3 years with only 3 unpaid days off . They mandate temps all the time to stay over/ come in early/ work additional days
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, free health care to temps workers, plenty of overtime

Cons: Tell employees they own career but moved me 3 times to where they needed/wanted  me
Advice: Don’t cut people to meet some arbitrary number , cut people that deserve to be cut
Pros: Nice benefits including profit sharing

Cons: Benefits are terrible, no hope to being a hired on out of temp status, no vacations allowance for temps after so long.
Advice: Get rid of the temp status. Be humble. We are the reason the wheels are spinning.
Pros: Great people, easy work, great pay

Cons: Downsize can be hard and distruptive to your life.
Advice: Reassign employees to other areas rather than lay them off if they agree to it.
Pros: Great benefits and training oppourtunities. The manager that hires you is the key to your success, if changed it may be other wise.

Cons: Lack of appreciation, lack of job security, lack of recognition, lack of respect, lack of culture, lack of community involvement, lack of future advancement
Advice: The company culture is not good and it starts from the top down.  Try to fix the politics within the company.  Do not have us sandbag projects because our boss tells us we need to save some cost efficiencies for next year
Pros: High profile projects and good compensation

Cons: Low pay, layoffs due to over hiring, work isn't very rewarding as you hardly ever are shown the finished product of what you work on
Advice: None
Pros: Easy Interview, work isn't too demanding, lots of vacation time/holidays, good benefits

Cons: Can't think of any at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: The work is not hard on the body and very easy to learn. There are lots of opportunities to grow in the company. Management is very helpful and will answer any questions new team members may have.

Cons: Things are slow to change.  Lack of leadership and career guidance.  My skills have unfortunately grown worse since I joined as a new grad three years ago
Advice: If you want new hires to stick around, show them that there are advancement opportunities.   It doesnt seem like there is a lot of room for career progression here
Pros: Cool building.  Nice cafe, walking track, and cube design

Cons: If you're a temp, good luck getting hired. Doesn't matter how good you are it goes by your orientation date and last name
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly workplace, fairly treated even if you're a temp. Offered overtime, good pay and health insurance

Cons: Not the best tech practices
Some projects have been living for long time
Not lot of opportunities to implement new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Great Balance
Detroit life is cheap compared to other cities

Cons: Very Fast based enviorement in the plants and can be noisy with all the conveyors and machinery.
Advice: Always hear people out and value their input.   Positive and Negative feedback should always be given.
Pros: A diverse workforce of very knowledgeable Hard working talented people

Cons: Some departments have a toxic culture and work environment. It really depends on where and who you work for. I would definitely stay clear of working in the legal staff.
Advice: Learn how to empower and trust your employees.
Pros: Overall pay and benefits are good.

Cons: IT Leadership in Austin doesn't have automotive experience 
IT Leaders in Austin seems disconnected from the problems the business had 
The Business has no respect for the IT organization
Advice: Stop being so arrogant.
Pros: Exciting work - ability to solve complex problems

Cons: Employee just a number.  Don't care and know that it doesn't matter what they do to people because there will always be someone else willing to do the job
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are competitive.   Good healthcare and 401K

Cons: Lack of job security.  No appreciation of global experience or time in position.
Advice: Set corporate direction and stay the course.  Closing and then extending production give the appearance of lack of control or adequate understanding of the market.
Pros: Salary, vacation, ability to move between functions.

Cons: No time between projects to work on personal development. Felt no room for advancement.
Advice: Spend time allowing employees to development, other than the yearly quota classes we had to take.
Pros: Great Benefits and really enjoyed working for my Manager.

Cons: Don't expect consistent work. You don't learn much. Business will be impacted by climate change, tariffs.
Advice: Fire your old people on the business side.
Pros: Good place to start as a college hire

Cons: Relationships and not skills prevail.  You still find sons, daughters, etc. getting the promotions etc.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is competitive and the company is large enough so that any field you are interested in, there most likely is a position in the company for it.

Cons: Stay away from this company! They have no clue on what they want. Management is worst
Advice: Recruit people when you have a proper plan in mind.
Pros: Nothing! I did not find anything good in the team I was working with. Pretty laid back environment.

Cons: To political. Out of Touch Directors.  Gossip. Personal Vendettas will get you laid off. No growth if on the wrong team.  Job security. Will lay you off and attempt to have a new hire do your job with less experience and pay. HORRIBLE insurance!
Advice: Lies and schemes shouldn't determine who gets laid off.  Don't take credit for the "little guys" work.
Pros: Pay, Car Programs, Bonus some years

Cons: No work from home options currently available.  After a severe auto accident, my manager forced me to commute by taxi into work for 2 months at my own expense.  No work from home flexibility after I had a baby.
Advice: Provide more flexible work arrangements for employees in order to retain your top talent.
Pros: Comprehensive benefit package, medical, dental, and disability and a fraction of the cost you will find at other employers

Cons: Appropriate promotion opportunities were a bit difficult to find.
Advice: Keep grooming middle managers to be people leaders.  There still aren't enough competent managers.
Pros: Thoroughly enjoyed my role, had great bosses, had very good benefits and was paid very well.

Cons: Massive layoffs happen and will continue as the future progresses with the downturn of the auto industry. GM is no longer a stable and safe company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: average pay, good benefits, relaxed atmoshpere

Cons: two tier's of employee's, no more pension, temp's work for years before if ever getting hired, company makes billion's of dollars a year and just keeps taking more away from their hourly workers, jobs are over-worked
Advice: None
Pros: no more pros left to comment on

Cons: Outdated tech, not current on IT trends and where the market is headed.  A lot of the stuff that was put in over the past few years is no longer industry standard
Advice: Bring in fresh IT talent and bring in management that can anticipate technology trends.
Pros: Chandler is a great place to work, a lot of good benefits to working at GM including discounts off cars for friends and family

Cons: Large Corporate Setting - there is a drive to keep everyone at a fairly equal compensation regardless of the projects, extra responsibilities taken on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Strong Leadership Teams
Opportunity for Growth 
Competitive Salaries

Cons: Many levels of management make it difficult to find common path for plans.
Advice: Improve the level of trust from the CEO to the mfg floor.  Reduce the levels and bureaucracy required to make improvements.
Pros: Large company has lots of opportunities

Cons: Layed-off after only 7 months. Moved for the job. Give no severance. Boring atmosphere. Nothing provided (coffee, snacks, etc., all very expensive)
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going atmosphere, nice private cubicles, some training provided

Cons: No vertical promotions, only lateral.
Not very many benefits.
Advice: To retain your best employees, it is important to have competitive compensation, and transparent paths for career advancement.
Pros: GMIT is a great place to be exposed to new technologies.

Cons: Company lacks strong leaders.  Orders from the top are followed blindly.  Most, if not all research and marketing work is outsourced leaving Marketing managers to manage vendors.  Your future is dependent on how much you brown nose.
Advice: Ha. Management would not listen anyway
Pros: Working in RenCen is great, a full lineup of cars downstairs and nice views along the Detroit River.  Good perks

Cons: Lay offs, and when we go out on strike 😪
Advice: All ways treat your co-worker the way you want to be treated.
Pros: You help create an automobile,and you get to work with awesome people from different cultures. 😊

Cons: Slow pace, bad IT support, could be boring if stick on a project for long time
Advice: Could add more rotations and cross project collaborations
Pros: Great learning opportunity under lots of experienced peers. Projects are diversified and interesting. Environment is friendly and supporting.

Cons: some political drama in some groups or divisions
Advice: Listen to all of your people not only your favorites, or the folks that work at your office.  Listen to all of your team.
Pros: work , life balance; flexible schedule

Cons: Lack of respect from management, poor work life balance, antiquated idease and technologies; NOT A HIGH TECH COMPANY
Advice: Go back to Business School and learn 21 century ideas
Pros: Pay and Benefits are good

Cons: Long hours and high stress.
Advice: Care more about the users that are losing the help we in IT provided so that they can get their worked done.
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Worked with other very capable peers.

Cons: GM is a horrible company to work from.  Leadership is not transparent and will work you to the bone, then let you go during the next downturn
Advice: Take a good hard look at your current leadership team and ask yourself if you have the right people on the bus
Pros: It was a great place to work for until a few years ago

Cons: A little risk averse and changes are calculated very carefully ; so may seem a bit slow
Advice: None
Pros: Learning and Processes; Large a company - many opportunities to move

Cons: Flat rate pay, never actually know week to week what your pay will be.
Advice: Change pay system.
Pros: Great work environment and the best training in the business. Paid training and paid ASE testing. Benefits are non existent.

Cons: Not so good treatment of programmers.  Long hours, not good advancement prospects, and lack of Continuing Education.  Managers and Directors go to really cool conferences but lower level employees are only allowed to use whatever resources are free online to learn new skills
Advice: Stop preferential treatment for level 8s and 9s
Pros: Cool building with nice standing  desks, double monitor setup, and a walking track!

Cons: GM itselfs, layoffs, stuck careers all over the place
Advice: They know GM already, just need to do something.
Pros: Location, 401K matching, cars, Detroit

Cons: Good old boys network still exists
Advice: Take a closer look at workers doing actual work. Flat rate bonus should be implemented across all levels.
Pros: Benefits, salary, paid time off-all good for white collared workers.

Cons: Favors college grads more than currently experienced middle age employees.
Advice: Develop a program similar to your TRACK program for current employees
Pros: Good environment for those who want to be fasted pace and challenged

Cons: Early development process requires lots of long, boring meetings, direction changes often and lots of layers of management to go through.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, work flexibility, global company, interesting new projects and vehicles to work on.

Cons: The worst thing about working for General Motors is having to relocate, which I did three times.
Advice: Listen to people doing the job more.
Pros: The best things working for General Motors was the pay, vacation and health benefits.

Cons: sometimes upper management makes decisions and keeps lower level employees in dark
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, they have a lot of stuff they organize outside of work for employees

Cons: Black Monday and the head count reductions this month leave me troubled.
Advice: None
Pros: I was with GM since the first IT department  in 1999.  For almost 20 years, there were great opportunities and I grew with the organization.

Cons: Ambiguity from management, uncertainty of performance
Advice: Sometimes the old ways are not best, seek input from lower level employees
Pros: Benefits, exposure to industry, room to apply yourself and grow

Cons: Must be completely on-point with knowledge and action items when an environmental emergency occurs.  Leadership has reorganized multiples times in the last two years.  Very disorganized in leadership messages.
Advice: Remove complexity.
Pros: Great working hours, flexible schedule.

Cons: You may end up doing totally different work than what you are hired for.

Most tools are so heavily customized that you cannot translate meaningful skills outside GM.
Advice: 
Pros: Very professional and courteous team members.
No micro management. 
Good pay and benefits.

Cons: Most managers doesn't spend time on  job training for their employees.
Advice: If would be good if management focused on training their employees when they transition into new positions.
Pros: Very generous vacation and holiday time-off.

Cons: Work a lot of hours and Saturdays
Advice: I have no advice for management
Pros: Good pay and with benefits

Cons: Layoffs are concerning with mgmt
Advice: Make an environment where employees want to stay for right reasons, not just for salary compensation.
Pros: Good benefits and gives ability to work from home when necessary

Cons: Upper management is sometimes disconnected with how things work on the ground level - leads to wasted resources on projects/initiatives that everyone else knows is a waste of time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits/pay/PTO, flexible work schedule

Cons: Outsourcing jobs to contractors. Never commit to future products. Expected to trasfer to other plants out of state or quit.
Advice: Show loyalty to your workers and the community your plants are in.
Pros: Good pay and Benifits. Steady hours

Cons: Too many Indian (India) personnel who cannot articulate or grammatically communicate effectively. India people given opportunity over Americans.
Advice: Clean Management - Get new Managers.
Pros: opportunity to slack and waste lot of time

Cons: Still considered a temporary employee even after working there for almost 2 years. There were many people that had been working there much longer than me still classified as a temporary employee.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent entry level pay, benefits after 90 days

Cons: Innovation has a hard time maintaining a foothold in processes that like predictability and business certainty.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a variety of areas to work in and you can cross the borders between departments through networking and career building.

Cons: leadership has made a mess with trying to restructure and failed miserably at it.
Advice: Hire a firm that would be able to plan execute and move on quickly rather than drag everything out for months
Pros: Big company - lost of opportunities

Cons: - Still very bureaucratic despite efforts to change the culture.
Advice: - Keep the focus on your core fundamental products and don't chase shiny objects.
Pros: General Motors offers may opportunities across many career types.
- Good Pay
- 401K
- Health Care
- Vacation

Cons: Never thought they would lower their standards to laying off people to "fix" budget.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience gained, some parts of the IT organization know what they are doing.

Cons: 1) Management destroyed the Gm Cruise relationship.
2) Bureaucracy all over
Advice: Appreciate individual contributors more as we make the products.
Pros: 1) Fantastic benefits
2) Fantastic opportunities to work on autonomous vehicles 
3) respect for employees.

Cons: Long hours with few off weekends.
Advice: Work more as a team, take advantage of the people that actually are on the floor with very good suggestions.
Pros: Good pay with great benefits.

Cons: Could be daunting sometimes given the scale of operations but that’s changing
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent principles and ethics
Meritocracy based
Cultural behaviors
Current Vision and changes that we have gone through to support the same

Cons: You are not a regular General Motors employee. This is segregation at it best. Subsystem worker can not eat in the same lunchroom as regular GM employees. You  are treated as a grunt and  without respect, Employees are not valued, the price of GM cars are going up but the wage pay to employees is decreasing.
Advice: None
Pros: You get a paycheck that can almost help pay your bills.

Cons: There is no such thing as work life balance. You will be expected to give up everything for your job.
Advice: None
Pros: GM definitely makes it worth your while. They pay handsomely plus annual profit sharing

Cons: Disorganized, if you're not from HP or Dell you'll have a harder time getting into leadership.
Advice: Look beyond the quarter.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Interesting work. Trying to become more of a technology company

Cons: No travel or perks for ordinary workers, we just get to hear about the unequal benefits from our leaders
Advice: Address the disparity in benefits between people leaders and regular employees
Pros: Unlimited travel to national conferences, unnecessary travel to visit people in other offices - all business class for people leaders.  A lot of time is spent setting up meetings to justify travel expense

Cons: Backroom politics create a fearful and uncertain work environment
Advice: Worry more about the people you manage and less about your personal agenda
Pros: Pay and Benefits are very competitive, but they come with a price...

Cons: Very difficult to get promotion and unfair salaries. Most of the senior employees make huge money and does nothing and take stupid decision running the company down to the ground.
Advice: None
Pros: very flexible working hours and freedom. Good office environment.

Cons: They will suck the life out of you and destroy any innovative creative thinking you posess
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for young person wanting to learn how dysfunctional companies operate

Cons: Could use a deeper appreciation of  dealer body.
Advice: How about a Jeep Wrangler competitor off the Colorado!  Minimum 100,000 units annually.  Good luck.
Pros: Incredible senior leadership.  Best product ever.

Cons: 50 hours a week, rotating shifts
Advice: focus more on the leaders who can teach employees how to be autoworkers and less useless paperwork that means nothing.
Pros: Pay, bonus, health care, rotating shifts

Cons: Very cliquie, A lot of people doing the minimum making big bucks. Laid off a lot of good workers.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent salary, a lot of holidays off, plus many vacation days.

Cons: Management is more concerned with playing the political game rather than making great vehicles. Overworked after layoffs. No support and mixed messages from senior leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, decent benefits, potential for good products.

Cons: Too much process, No incentives for team building, no freedom to innovate
Advice: Too much process and layers, cut it down atleast for the Austin IT innovation center
Pros: Great retirement benefits, great work life balance.

Cons: internal competing objectives,  constent reorg, wasteful initiatives, Low salary and difficult moving up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: good vacation, work life balance most of the time and high emphasis  on safety

Cons: Unions were sometimes unhelpful, management were sometimes unruly
Advice: Make it clear what you want out if us. Keep making the people happy!
Pros: They were good people to work for, security, helpful, knowledgeable

Cons: No major cons, position I was in did not have much travel to explore other facilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance. Has plenty of challenges and room to grow. Salary is great too.
