Cons: * GM could absolutely afford to pay their software developers better. GM has some lofty ambitions in its current transformational state but does not compensate to match these ambitions. * Changed the definition of Work Appropriately, which allowed team management to decide whether or not it's necessary for their group to work in the office. Upper management will be mandating all teams to return regardless of the team's needs. This was the one benefit that made GM competitive in tech. They will absolutely have a harder time attracting/retaining good talent with this move. * Experience varies from team to team * Many best practices for software development are ignored * Top performers are not rewarded * Weakest performers can skate by without any repercussions
Advice: I keep hearing upper level management talk about recruiting top talent in the tech space from companies like Google, Meta, etc. If you're really serious about that, I would highly recommend taking a serious look at the pay structure and benefits package. GM's pay in the tech space is hardly competitive.
Pros: * It's a good place to start your career * Decent work/life balance (does depend on your team) * Nice benefits package, matching 401k (up to 8%), good health insurance, decent amount of pto, etc. * Company is in a transformational state and has potential when it choses not to squander it. * Yearly bonus can be generous

Cons: Archaic technology; you'll rarely work on anything exciting. The middle managers are usually old school micro managers who will harass you about your work every day. Low wages for developers and other people in IT. This is wayyy below market value. There are smart people, but they're usually overshadowed by whoever the "managers" are and they can't get their points across so extra work is created. There are so many layers of authority that decisions cannot be made. Oh and forget the "promotional opportunities." They already have people in mind and jumping through the hoops takes years and @ss kissing. Finally, they do not take what employees say seriously. You want to work remotely? We will come to the office. There's no prestige here. If you have any type of talent or aspirations this company is certain career death. Not to mention zero work life balance most of the time. Regularly working weekends and casual 50 hours a week due to projects not being executed properly.
Advice: Fire all the old schoolers and get new ones. Period.
Pros: Good benefits; generous PTO; lots of paid leave; ability to move around to different departments

Cons: Brightdrop is trying to be different but is really just an extension of GM. Every policy, IT and benefit is GM based. This means systems that are disconnected and lack of freedom to decision making. Everything brightdrop is doing is exactly the same as GM but with a “tech” spin because we have leadership that is from tech but because they have no industry experience towards the markets they serve they lack the vision needed to disrupt. Last, If you’re going to expand in the Bay Area you need a more compelling benefits program and office space. I want a company I have pride in showing the logo for , BD just isn’t there yet. Major steps back with RTO and being counter towards the broader GM budget.
Advice: There are some exceptional people in the small business that exists right now , but those people aren’t in leadership positions. I suggest you find those people and move them up quickly before they jump to competitors or companies with better benefits.
Pros: MacBook computers , GM benefits.

Cons: Oh, oops. I think I might have put a con or two in the pros. 
Well, in addition to those, it’s easy to be fooled that you’re working in a company that values women. I believe this is the case up and around Mary Barra. However; if you’re at the bottom of one of the myriad ladders in IT, don’t bother buying any climbing gear. Pitch yourself a tent under your bottom rung because this is your home for life. With matching pay. 
I have worked here since 2003 and it’s a life suck that’s gotten me nowhere. Which I wouldn’t mind if they paid me to throw my life away!
Advice: Just because a female has an easygoing demeanor doesn’t mean she wants to be a nobody forever, happy, proud, and innately satisfied  to be “getting by”financially.
Pros: It’s not horrible. You keep going to work, they keep paying you. But you get this carrot dangled every year at your annual review about reaching some mythical next level that will open up the opportunity for a pay increase. You work your guts out and never get anywhere, and one day realize you could have done a tenth of what you’ve done and still be in the same place with the same pay. It’s worse than meh at this point. This is when frustration sets in that goes beyond meh. Definite pro is you could die here and never even notice your life has gone by. That’s what I’m doing, but trying to do something about. If you like cars, it’s probably cool to take the pay dive working in IT at an automotive company. Nice midwestern people all dead inside trapped in the same holding tank helps mask the pain.

Cons: - Small raise (about 3% a year for NCH after new base)
- HR is not great about working to retain top talent
Advice: You need to overhaul HR. We may be a car company in terms of overall product, but for what you want to achieve we are a tech company now. 

You are competing with tech companies for talent. You need to pay tech salaries and offer the same level of upward mobility for younger talent, otherwise you will lose them. 

A lot of the people I started with about a year ago left because HR refused to give raises. Take a hard look at your managers and the ones hemorrhaging employees. They are killing your talent pools.

Stop hiring people with BI skillsets to software dev/java roles. They all leave and hate their lives (some I've heard working 60+ hours at my level for what was god awful pay). If you want top talent, pay at that level and allow the tech folk to actually run interviews. Don't let HR do the early stages, teams know what we're looking for.
Pros: - I have a great manager
- My org is fantastic and I've had the opportunity to meet with my vertical's director 1 on 1 before
- Work is interesting, I primarily develop Power BI dashboards, but also work with SQL in IT
- Rarely work over 40 hours

Cons: You will work really hard on some teams and communication on deliverables and annual reviews could use some work. Some people wont like how salary negotiations and annual reviews are done, but once again communication with your direct leader is going to make things much better. Degree requirements for leadership roles are honestly stupid and some people who are brilliant engineers make some of the worst people leaders I've ever seen. This has gotten much better over the years but its still a problem in some teams.
Advice: Strip degree requirements for more people leadership roles in engineering.  There are so many highly intelligent people that I work with that don't get a fair shake because of a degree they did 10-20+ years ago.   Experience and empathy for fellow coworkers is far more valuable then being able to do calculus proofs.
Pros: Huge transformation in the company profit, product, and culture since I joined. A significant amount or nearly all of the toxic leadership and old engineering "way of doing things" culture is gone which is HUGE. The company is headed in the right direction and I am proud to say I work here. Salary is great and I live a comfortable life with good work life balance. Education track program for new employees to learn different facets of the company is fantastic. There are many brilliant people at the company with so much incredible knowledge.

Cons: - Good old boys club in some areas - Competitive environment hurts more than it helps - Lack of sponsorship for growth - Poor incentivizing does not result in good behavior - It's hard to get a promotion even when you're already doing the work and exceed the years of experience required. - Your time on the team could impact your performance review - It feels as though their using your age to decide whether or not to promote you
Advice: Managers need more training to become leaders. Implementing a rewards system is easy, but it doesn't address cultural problems.
Pros: - Innovative Products - Talented workforce ( a lot of people you can learn from) - Plenty of employee resource groups to join - Genuine people that want to help you develop and grow - Plenty of ways to give back to the community - You have several positions or products to explore - Available tools and resources at your disposal - Pay is good for the Midwest; finding other companies that can compete is hard. I can say the same for the benefits as well.

Cons: - Lower salary than tech companies
- L8 is the highest individual contributor level that is generally attainable. L9 is Technical Fellow and is extremely rare.
- No stock awards
- Median experience level (for developers) feels heavily skewed toward fresh out of college
- Old company, so lots of tribal knowledge, silos, and legacy software systems can be annoying
Advice: Keep up the good work on diversity and culture. Be careful about the imbalance between new college hires and more experienced developers. Make more levels beyond 8 for senior employees that are practically attainable.
Pros: - Great team culture, diversity, friendly coworkers, very flexible.
- Management really listens to feedback and tries to make changes
- Healthy work life balance
- 15 days PTO + 5 more after 2 years at the company on top of corporate holidays: New Years Day, MLK, Easter Fri+Mon, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Election Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Thurs+Fri, and the entire week of Christmas.
- Company car for L8 and above employees
- Bonuses are consistent and dependable because each level has a target percentage. For example L8 is 18% and then there are some multipliers based on performance and how the company is doing.

Cons: Sometimes opportunities can be given based on managers choice. Having a good relationship with your leader is important to get new opportunities.

Knowing systems and being able to use tools is a good trait but you must be able to communicate in a warm personable way to build relationships.

GM has a good work/life balance for most roles, but some positions or being a go to person for your manager, may mean working later, getting up earlier, or putting in more time and energy than your peers.
Advice: I think the management is doing a good job.
Pros: Able to Work from Home. Teams hold monthly calls to share on different topics. Periodic team gatherings in person for happy hour. 

FMP Future Manager Program - let your manager know you are interested in being promoted and would like to join this program. The manger is responsible for presented you as an applicant.

GM values engagement in groups that support the workplace. Its a great way to stand out from other employees, and network. They are called Workplace of Choice teams. Its is important to be engaged if you would like to grow your career.

Systems Microsoft Power BI - It is helpful learn how to use this tool and you will be a great asset to your team if you share/teach others to use it once you are hired.

Systems Microsoft Excel - Keep your excel skills fresh. Know how to create clean views of monthend performance for monthly performance reviews (vol, revenue, cost and profit). Also create adhoc analysis to help make decisions. a standard monthly, annual, and volume based view should suffice.

Cons: Because GPS is in Manufacturing, you're expected to work pretty long hours and overtime that isn't always compensated. In my first rotation I was working 50 hr weeks, and on my second one I'd travel for hours on the weekends to reach suppliers. That extra travel was paid for by GM in both hotels, meals, and car rentals, so honestly the extra time wasn't super bad. In some rotations your supervisor will let you set your own hours so its not as bad.
Advice: None
Pros: In the TRACK program you have 4 rotations, each lasting 6 months, with a different team in a different part of your field. For a Manufacturing engineer that's awesome because I get to explore what its like working on the floor, with suppliers, with Design teams, and a whole ton of other people. Its a great way to explore what careers are possible while also having a 'get out of a bad position free' card every 6 months

Cons: TERRIBLE communication. They put everyone in the plant even when we asked not to be in a plant setting. PLANT LIFE IS TOXIC AT GM. 4 am starts and 6-7 days a week. They promote work place balance, but that only works well for those in the office. I don’t think working in the plant we are even considered in any decisions made above.
Advice: There shouldn’t be management against the union, you should be working together. Instead I watched as they picked on certain employees and made it a toxic environment for everyone. I’m sure working in the office is a lot easier.
Pros: Got to meet an abundance of people. Learned new skill sets

Cons: Probably the most unhappy I’ve been in my career, if I’m being honest. On my work-steam, nothing ever gets done or moves forward because of a lack of direct communication and feedback from management. Additionally, it seems that you are micromanaged or undermined as an employee in favor of easing political tensions with grown adults. It’s a really strange dynamic and causes consistent whip lash or lack of direction. It’s as if everyone is treated like they can’t handle feedback or direct communication. Additionally, I was verbally offered a different job on the same team and was hoping that would make my life at gm better, but now it’s completely up in the air and I can’t get any clear information about the status. Again, lack of transparency and honesty… The company paid to move me across the country and I’m tied in via relocation contract for 2 years. I’m almost done with one and am honestly looking for a way out. I’m pretty disappointed that I moved across the country and got dealt such a bad card. Even more disappointed that the company doesn’t seem to want to fix it. I’ve given feedback and nothing has changed, unfortunately.
Advice: Manage, but don’t micromanage! Stop trying to save face with collaborators and let employees make the moves. We are the ones who do it everyday and know what changes might make big impacts.
Pros: Pretty good work life balance, good pay

Cons: Lack of loyalty towards hard working employees. 
Advancement is tricky 
Long demanding hours and burn out is likely.
Low inventory for cars with high expectations still in place.
Pay cuts despite employees being over worked.
High turnover with poor training 
Management believes employees are replaceable numbers so remains robotic towards lower hires.
Job promotions have little rhyme or reason.
Poor communication with staff to management.
As management we are warned against fraternizing with sales team so we can keep them in check.
I did not enjoy managing my team in this capacity. We burned people out without apology and let them leave if they complained.
Management has deaf ears as to quality of life of the staff. I was not happy implementing the low standards of care for the employees.
Advice: Treat your staff with higher consideration so nice they are the backbone of your money.
High turnover effects morale and quality of care for the clients.
Management gives little regard for families and penalizes those who need to care for children.
Advancement is only for those who give their life away to the business just to find out later you are only as good as your last month.
Recognize your top employees with quality of life measures, especially if you are cutting pay during record profits.
High turnover is in the foreseeable future and is hurting morale.
Most people are job hunting as I type.
Pros: Quality employees with strong work ethics.
401K is highly matched 
Brand new offices and building

Cons: Management is disconnected from the individual contributors / direct reports. Within feet of each other and communication is terrible. No work direction - not sure what's expected of me at work on a daily basis. Assigned a new role almost immediately after being hire and the pay now doesn't reflect the job I originally applied for (pay should be about 15-20% higher based on role change).
Advice: Establish a base set of core activities and work direction for new employees. Meet initially on a weekly basis for the first 3 months. Then bi-weekly the next 3 months. Finally, meet monthly after that to calibrate and find opportunities for improvement/growth.
Pros: Adequate salary / benefits for the job applied for. Good team I'm working with - comradery and trust. Work/life balance for the role is great.

Cons: - Current group of coworkers feels chaotic as so many people are retiring, moving to other functions, or are newcomers. 
- There’s all this “talk” about the “invisible hand” (pressure to work faster/harder without regard to safety) but it doesn’t seem like anyone’s actually doing much about it.
- Have seen a coworker engineer work crazy hours without rest (5am to 11pm) due to team pressure and get burnout
- Archaic software still being used, many hours of training required to use them
- Benefits are not as good as other “tech” companies
- Mostly remote but still requires relocation to Michigan 
- Warren campus cafeteria is closed
- Probably not a good sign that I’m looking elsewhere already after only a few months of working here
Advice: None
Pros: - Somewhat decent pay
- 401k benefits
- Alright locations, nice engineering building, small gym. 
- Get to ride test vehicles
- Hybrid/mostly remote
- Networking events amongst entry level engineers

Cons: - Wants to be a “tech company”, but does not want to pay “tech company” salaries
- Many orgs still use antiquated software practices
- Pressure to deliver makes many people and leaders resistant to change because they need to deliver in the short term and cannot afford to make a change which would be better for the long term 
- Many “Software Engineers” are hired (usually from within the automotive industry) with little to no programming experience
Advice: - Hire software engineers from outside the automotive industry
- Continue to push for modernization, especially for the software orgs
- If you really want to be a tech company, you will have to compete with other tech companies in terms of benefits packages
Pros: - Slowly starting to use modern technology and practices for software development 
- Strong leadership effort to modernize company
- Hardware engineering and manufacturing talent is top tier, lots of opportunity to learn from them
- Good opportunity to influence company as it transforms itself 
- Very flexible work from home arrangements 
- Good 401k and insurance benefits

Cons: The vehicle discounts are worthless; but you're supposed to pretend they are a great benefit.
Office in Austin is a gigantic football field of monotonous low-wall small cubicles (concentration is difficult). Amenities in the office are negligible; way below typical suburban office-campus standards.
Compensation after you get there is below market, especially for Austin.
Advice: Steer towards your strengths - build more of a local culture; improve the god-awful offices (make the office a place people want to come to work!)
Pros: Good place to start your career if you are ambitious but need support.
Lots of college hires coming in means you make friends in a new city that will probably stay with you for a long time.
The three year "new college grad" program is a nice steady ramp into an individual contributor role; and depending on the team can be relatively low-stress and supportive.
Exposure to technology is not bad, for a non-software company.
Bonus is good most years (although your work in IT won't have much to do with it; it's mainly due to macroeconomic trends).
Retirement benefits are very good (4% contribution to 401K before you put anything in; 1-for-1 match the next 4%; although beware of vesting).

Cons: Milford is a bit further of a drive from civilization than Warren and Pontiac but its worth it if you get to work out there. 
TRACK program doesn't tell you where your next 6 month rotation is until a month and a half before so you won't know which location you might be working at the most.
Advice: I have heard of a couple of other TRACK engineers (this is not in my own personal experience)  having not much work to do and feeling a little bit like a glorified intern. Make sure we are treated like full time engineers, since we all have done the work and gotten the degree to get here.
Pros: Excellent work-life balance.
Very good health, dental, and vision benefits.
Very nice community. Everyone is willing to take time out of their schedule to help each other out as you should be willing to do for all other coworkers as well should the need arise. 
401K benefits are awesome and much higher employer match than other places. 
TRACK program is very helpful at giving you different experiences without making you feel like a glorified intern. I am doing real full-time engineer work.

Cons: Cutbacks in 2018 were done with a machete - 15% even if you end up hiring another 20% in the same area.  Little perks don't generally exist (free coffee, etc., nowhere to be found.)  Folks can be put in situations where long hours are required to get the job done.  Some managers better than others at rewarding appropriately.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a vision to get to 0 crashes, 0 emissions, 0 congestion, and coming offerings show that.  Transition from internal combustion to electric and other forms of propulsion being funded by huge truck / SUV profits.  Dress is "dress appropriately" and work location is "work appropriately", showing respect for employees to do the right thing.  Good benefits, seem to listen to employee concerns, good time off.

Cons: Once you start in one part of the company (manufacturing, vehicle development, facilities, research) you can easily be pigeon holed. Promotions are often slow or non-existent unless you get tracked. Often a career is more a long string of jobs due to restructurings and plant closures.
Advice: Career development should include all salaried employees not just a selected few. Developmental assignments should be assigned not competitively posted where the selectee is not best qualified.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Lots of different opportunities. Great opportunities for women. Management levels have been greatly reduced from decades ago. Electrification is bringing great opportunity.

Cons: This is a lot of bureaucracy with a company the size as GM and as old as GM but you do get use to it. Promotions are limited.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot independence at the corporate level. If you are on the right staff, the work is challenging, never dull. After a couple of years, if you desire to rotate to. a new team, you. encouraged to do. so. Employees self-manage their schedules, including vacation days, and no preset sick days.

Cons: "Safety" is a priority here, if you are caught without safety glasses, or a orange reflective vest on you will more than likely be sent home or terminated.
On the other hand, drug use and alcohol abuse is rampant. I cannot count the number of alcohol bottles I have seen in the facility and parking lot. As well as how many times I have seen people smoking pot in the facility or right out side the facility doors. It seems management turns a blind eye to this.
Advice: Do random drug tests, you have a responsibly to the safety of not only to the workers in your facility but to the customers that buy your product.
Pros: It's great to see so many new vehicles coming off the assembly line.

Cons: getting to level 8 (manager) is super tough. Re-orgs are happening every 6-9months. Had 3 different managers in 18 months. changing titles of engineers often too.
Advice: Don't make organizational changes too often. let people settle down. Make internal switching easy and give some raise at internal job change too. For same role when you bring external candidate, you end up paying way more. Better to give minor raise to internal folks so talent reside within and this will promote new learning and new challenges among employees.
Pros: GM has a good diversity, above average health insurance and 401K, 4% contribution and 4% matching. Growth opportunities are not bad either

Cons: - The push for moving back to the office.
Advice: Let people have the option to remain doing remote work.
Pros: - Great pay - Relocation bonus - Great health insurance - Great community feeling with colleagues - Great bonuses - Good 401k match - Amazing tuition program. They pay for your masters degree.

Cons: SouthEast Michigan - Jan/Feb are cold and not sunny. If you like the concept of sleddng (snowmobiling) there is a lot of fun to be had.... if not oh well! 

Not Rich - This is a stable company and you'll be decently compensated but you're not going to get rich (i.e. become a 30 year old VP). Promotions are out there but you are simply not going to 'be a big boss' in a matter of a few years. If that is your desire in automotive I suggest working for an appropriately sized supplier. More opportunity and yes more risk. 

Advocate for yourself - In some companies you have senior management engage in a form of 'personnel strategy' (ie 'horse trading') where they move their people around to best fit company direction and observed behaviors/talent. GM is not that kind of company - You have to honestly request some career planning advice from your management and then work in your own best career interest.
Advice: 1:1's are a fantastic tool.  I value them greatly
Pros: Solid - GM is a solid, stable employer. I have been treated very fairly during my time with General Motors. The compensation is very good and the senior and executive level managers are very clear and aligned regarding company direction.

1:1 with Managers - These 15-30 min regular sessions with your direct manager are incredibly valuable. You and your manager drive the conversation. Sometimes it's current work objectives, sometimes career objectives (next moves), sometimes it's about nonsense (thrills of home repair). It keeps me and my manager aligned.

Chart Your Career Direction - You have the ability to apply for positions internally and move around however I've always used my management for advice on what direction to put my effort. That advice has has always been geared towards what areas I can get really engaged in.

Good (but cautious) Covid Response - Senior Management has subtly extended the 'Dress Appropriately' idea to 'Work Appropriately'. You have work to do and if you don't get it done there won't be any hiding it so self-discipline is key. I've actually worked longer hours at home since Covid started but more enjoyable (esp for my dogs).

SouthEast Michigan - During the Summer Michigan is fantastic with weather and the Great Lakes are truly fantastic... see the Cons for Winter. 

Detroit Area - Detroit is a major city and it has all the great stuff that comes with a major city (restaurants, arts, sports, etc.). It has all the not-so-great stuff that comes with a major city (crime, etc.). Anyone turns up their nose when you say 'Detroit' has not been there in the past 25 years. This is the home of Automotive. The people here absolutely love Cars &amp; Truck from classic restored 60's muscle to OEM prototypes running all over Michigan. Look up 'Woodward Dream Cruise' for a glimpse

Cons: -Most people I know (especially managers) are way overworked with no extra compensation -hybrid environment going away early next year
Advice: -overtime pay OR compensation time off for hours worked over 40 -keep hybrid work environment
Pros: -leadership actively encourages career growth within company -Currently hybrid work environment so you can get personal things done (doctor's appointment, dropping kids off at school etc)

Cons: I've enjoyed my time at the company but I and colleagues have unfortunately found to move forward in your career GM ultimately forces you to go elsewhere.

Hard to progress as management tends to dangle carrots on sticks just to pull them away. It's the classic case in Tech where the upward path is to leave and then comeback at a higher position and salary. 
By staying you'll unfortunately find that you can move to higher positions and take on different roles, and additional tasks/responsibility but without increasing in level or salary.
Advice: Salary should always at base keep up with inflation
Pros: Good work life balance
Good benefits
Kind coworkers (probably team dependent)

Cons: They tell you they care about the employees but when you finally hit the floor and start working they will move you around to what they think best fit them. So if you looking for a certain type of hands on job on the floor that you might like or a certain shift you may prefer you can honestly forget about it here.
Advice: You have to put atleast ten years in to advance to anything and still wouldn’t be much from where you actually started.
Pros: Good benefit packages and good workout gym at the facility.

Cons: -Strict requirements on years of service for promotions -Uninspiring, stubborn, old fashioned leadership -Endless political games between the decision makers in the company -Having to work with people who put minimal effort into their jobs
Advice: I wish leadership would follow modern software development practices. I also wish that the people who are in charge of software orgs at the company actually had software backgrounds.
Pros: -It's a real challenge to get fired unless you do something really stupid

Cons: The CEO just sent an email that everyone has to start coming into the office 3 days a week (I expect that to be 5 days sooner or later) despite staff already implementing strategies that assume many employees will be remote. 

The pay is very low considered to other tech companies.
Advice: Listen to your employees. If their job can be done from home, stop trying to needlessly force people to come sit in an office where they will spend all day on teams anyway.
Pros: Amazing work environment, most positions have been fully remote, great benefits and very generous time off

Cons: Pay needs to increase based on rise in prices for daily needs (groceries, fuel etc.)
Advice: Overall management is awesome. It would be better if management can understand employees struggling to pay bills due to current rise in prices that’s going crazy in all ways.
Pros: Have great benefits Good work life balance Good management, always encouraging to hone skills

Cons: It's a large bureaucratic company which can be difficult and frustrating to navigate. Sometimes the goals and objectives they use to measure your performance are things that are not in your control. If you're in my position, a good deal of your success is dependent on the performance of others which can be frustrating. They will relocate you around the country a lot if you let them, and sometimes even if you don't really want to. You can always refuse but it will stunt your growth as an employee.
Advice: Set CAP goals at the beginning of the year and stand by them. Too often CAP goals change or do not get set in stone until well into Q2 or Q3.
Pros: Excellent benefits, lots of PTO, decent amount of autonomy with a flexible schedule, decent pay. They will relocate you around the country a lot if you let them.

Cons: The technology orgs have the classic corporate culture. Lots of red tape, slow moving processes, working on tech that looks/feels like it belongs in the 90s. 
I have aspirations to become a certain role, but I am discouraged to pursue that route. When discussing with my manager my career goals, he tells me not to pursue it and to focus on my current role. He laid out a career path for me that keeps me in his org, continuing to work in software test. Unfortunately will need to start looking outside of GM to go down my desired career path.
Their hiring strategy is to mass hire new college grads each year, understanding many of them will leave. New college grads are either placed on teams that don't need help so you don't get much work or training. Or new college grads are placed on teams that are drowning and you are thrown into it without support.
Advice: Support your employees dreams, provide avenues to obtain desired skills.
Pros: Lots of paid holidays, including a full week during Christmas. Paid tuition, HSA contribution, great 401k match.

Cons: - TL's (Team Leaders) are able to implement the company rules at their own discretion. Sometimes this can lead to inconsistent communication and standards. 

The computers are very very heavily monitored. Be prepared to type, clink and move your mouse every 2 seconds even when on slow calls or else you scoring will go down. 

Good customer service doesn't mean as much as calls per hours I worked for GM for 10 months and kept a customer satisfaction score, and customer review score of 9.0 or higher but that didn't mean anything if I wasn't averaging 76-92 calls a day which is the amounts of calls needed to average 6 calls per hour and work from home. 

I found out my child had a health disorder that required weekly appointments and I wouldn't be eligible for extended time off until I hit 1 year with the company this was very disappointing as my previous job offered extended paid time off for parents starting at 6 months. 

Your shift does not end at 6pm it ends once the queue has no more calls which means if there are 100 calls in queue at 6pm you have to keep taking calls until the queue is at 0.

Ultimately this job is a call center and you have to know what exactly that means typing, moving your mouse, taking phone calls back to back for 7 hour and 30 minutes a day 5-6 days a week, sitting at a desk the duration of that time, and allowing analytic to tell you how well you work based on a averaging system.
Advice: Set universal standards and require TL's implement them at the same standard. Give more acknowledgement for kudos calls or high customer satisfaction. The job is very repetitive and easy to become a robot or rude so the employees that go over and beyond to warmly great each customer,  find a resolve to there problem, and please each customer are the employees who in my opinion deserve more recognition, higher bonuses, and opportunities to grow faster.
Pros: - Mon- Fridays 
 - Work from home options are available after being with the company for 6 months.

Cons: The internal IT system used by project managers was a cause of great frustration to many.

Many IT groups claimed to run agile projects but in practice, few did.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits: GM provided the typical benefits you might see at any corporation, but the details of those benefits set them apart. For example, GM's 401(k) had a generous company match and also allowed additional, after-tax contributions up to the combined $64.5k limit (2021, 50+).

Diversity: GM IT embraced the diversity of its employees and hosted lunchtime celebrations of current international cultural events.

Management: My manager took it as her personal mission to advance the careers of her team members.

Cons: Constant change of tooling for software. It feels like we have to migrate automation tools and pipelines every few months and it disturbs productivity. Deployments are very process heavy, which slows down software iteration speed. Company cannot decide if developers should work from home or not, and has changed policies multiple times between work-from-home and hybrid.
Advice: None
Pros: Very relaxed and supportive engineering teams and management. Great flexibility in work hours. Good range of project opportunities.

Cons: With Randy Mott gone, the barrier of protection against Corporate seems to be gone. Contractors are becoming common, and cost cutting is becoming more apparent. 

HR is bad, NCHs are subjected to a roll of the dice on getting an appropriate role or not, and interviewers are not allowed to ask technical questions.
Advice: Stop undermining the principles and culture that Randy Mott put in place now that he's gone
Pros: Great for New College Hires
Currently can be Full time Remote
Job responsibilities are what you make of it which is good for people with drive

Cons: If you're contract you can be shopped for any reason, very low job security.  Very old way of culture and way of doing things, a ton of managers in between. Everyone seems to kiss up to their boss, at least in the business role of things. If you happen to make one mistake in the field or they don't seem to like you its like you're walking on egg shells and they leave you out of meetings and information.
Advice: Changing the culture making it more friendly environment, treating contractors with respect and not just tools.
Pros: Good pay and you learn a lot of new skills in their environment 

Cons: Supervisor made excuse during layoffs for me to work on a presentation for management, but never showed up himself to have the courtesy to tell me. He allowed his supervisor to handle the duty of speaking with me about my dismissal. He was a coward and employees should not be treated so poorly. The company should be ashamed for allowing this behavior. Employees are people who dedicate their lives to GM. They should be treated as people not numbers.
Advice: Grow up. If you are a supervisor, act like one. I am so glad I am no longer a part of a company where I am a number and not a person. Do better.
Pros: Co-workers were good.
Salary was acceptable.
Job duties were important and enjoyable.

Cons: - Big company my opinion could be completely different if I landed on a different team\Org
- Not a lot of clarity during onboarding and interview process
- Job hopping after a couple of years would be fruitful
- Doesn't pay like big tech but will surpass median salaries for most positions
Advice: 1 on 1 meetings meant a lot for me
Pros: - Good place to start career
- Pay is fair
- Healthcare is great and other benefits are good
- Most workers are actually stand behind employer for EV future
- Transparence among my middle management

Cons: -I was an MBA intern and they looped me in with some of the undergraduate interns so I felt about a billion years old sometimes. 
-Learning about the different brands and automotive industry as a whole were difficult
Advice: -Smaller clusters of interns worked well together. Maybe formalize that? 
-Have a specific orientation about industry + operations + current strategies
Pros: -Got an impactful assignment
-Got specific and valuable training. I was in marketing but was able to receive training on Agile and several analytics interfaces within 12 weeks. 
- Received the opportunity to pitch to directors and c-suite. 
-Worked with Management to structure assignment 
-Transparent about transition to full time

Cons: Processes can differ from the standard way of doing them in another facility. A new hire can have no experience and come into the higher salary and level then a very experienced employee. The certification lab runs 24/7 and you will not get the typical shutdowns and holidays most GM employees receive.
Advice: Management needs to vet new employees better before settling on a wage and level. Let experienced team members sit in on interviews of possible candidates for their role. The certification lab has received New Management that has impacted the lab and a positive way. Don't change managers every two years like in the past. Management will be shaken up and recycled throughout the company at every change of the wind.
Pros: Great benefits great team members salary position plus overtime double time and holiday triple time. 3 weeks vacation at start. Great yearly bonus program and merit raises yearly

Cons: Management will go to great lengths in firing you with no adequate reason to fire you. Was fired for not submitting my one docent into three. Said I didn't follow process, which was never provided. I was award winning employee and all of a sudden being fired. There is no room for growth.
Advice: If someone wants to transfer into a new opportunity dont open that opportunity by firing the best person at respective position.  Shame.
Pros: Thought it was a good place to work and follow in your grandfather's footsteps and retire from there...

Cons: - Yearly raises decrease as time of service increases. Does not match inflation. - Limited opportunity for advancement. - Corporate hiring/ promotion focus based on diversity targets, not necessarily choosing best/ most qualified candidates for positions.
Advice: Develop programs to reward/ incentivize longer service employees with raises/ bonuses/ advancement opportunities - similar to the programs to attract/ retain new hire employees.
Pros: Major company easily recognized in industry.

Cons: Not many, maybe that they want us back in the office, but it will remain flexible for you to pick the days to go
Advice: None, all the managers I have had so far are great!
Pros: Good salary and benefits, there are many paths to grow inside the company

Cons: No enough schedule flexibility for time off of work for important reasons. You get in trouble for calling off. I had to miss specialist appointments due to not being able to get the day off.
Advice: Give more schedule flexibility and able to take off for appointments for self and family members.
Pros: Working for a major company. Learning a industry in a different field.

Cons: Lots of Driving. Should be able to meet with dealers bi monthly or once a quarter and have meetings over the computer. The meetings in person can be done over the computer and would save a lot of time. Not able to do any work while driving and end up doing a lot of work in the evenings. Lots of wasted time with the amount of driving.  Work Life Balance is not the best in the field.
Advice: Think about dealer visits bi monthly or once a quarter and the rest of the meetings can be done via Teams. Driving 3+ hours one way to a dealer and back is a lot of drive time and will not be realistic in the future.
Pros: Benefits and Healthcare is good at GM.

Cons: Manufacturing sector does involve a lot of additional work hours compared to non-manufacturing roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty solid benefits. I just wish counseling was covered a bit more. Good pay for the manufacturing sector and the work that comes with it. Lots of great problems to work on and solve within Electrical Testing.

Cons: Lots of hours required to work.
Having to beg supervisor for time off to be at my 1st grandchild's birth. Got wrote up when it took more than a day. This was after not asking for any time off after being there for over 6 months.
Fired for extended illness and not rehire able.
Working at GM was a dream I had for a long time. Had to accept a temporary position at a very low wage at todays standards $16.65, 3 years ago. The hire in wage is still the same right now September 2022 as a temp. Most factories today pay at least $18 today.
Worked for a year and was still not hired.
As a temporary employee I was treated like dirt, Went home in tears several times and I am not a sensitive worker. Been working for 30 years and never cried on the job.
Applied for assembly position was forced into a Hilo position. This was after already attending two weeks of training.
Everything is on seniority, When people get sent home early its always seniority first. Want a day off? Nope, Seniority first. Want a different job? Nope, Seniority first. Want to get hired in? Nope, Seniority first. Want a locker with your name on it? Nope, you're a temp.
Possibility of $1 raise every year, once hired in. Wait...Seniority first (see where I'm going with this)
Advice: Everything I wrote is 100% truth even through my bitterness. I mentioned previously General Motors was my dream job, come on I live in Michigan. Every old person I know has retired or worked for General Motors. Things have changed entirely. You took away retirement, oh wow I get 401K! You took away high paying jobs, Oh wow I get $16.65, McDonalds wages are a dollar less today. You made people pray they get hired in and I have heard stories of folks working for 5, 10, 30! years and still not even considered for hire. Also temporary employees are considered disposable. You make people work hard as hell, treated like s&amp;$@ everyday, for years and years as a temporary employee with no time off or raises. You make people work 6 sometimes 7 days a week, 10 hour shifts in the job they really didn't apply for. Not only management doesn't care about you but every EMPLOYEE knows you are a temp and they treat you like garbage too. Every single person you work with hates your a&amp;$ if you are a temp. Bottom line at General Motors. if you can make it to getting hired in, you're golden and being in the union is great. After all of that above it really is worth it, at least I think so and I wish I would have made it, but I didn't.
Pros: Lots of hours required to work.
Plenty of overtime.
Possibility of being hired in (even though it didn't happen after a year)
Union Job.
Pretty fantastic employer paid insurance. Even as a temp!
Paid training.
Once hired, $1 raise every year.
Exercise room on site, ATM machines, amazing lunch facilities, pretty clean and safe for a factory.
Nurses on site for illnesses and injuries.

Cons: the family 1st, safety and all inclusive portrayed inthe adds is nothing but smoke and mirrors. GM is a white male dominant environment outside of corporate offices. What they preach and how they actually are are 2 different things.
Advice: Practice what you preach and walk the talk. Get rid of the upper management bullies and micro management staff at the production plants.
Pros: the pay is pretty good

Cons: Base salary is not market competitive. Started making 3/4 of 100 grand. Got a 3% raise in 2021. Now incoming Track engineers are making 82-88k. Company does not reward loyalty. It also does not promote people with expertise. Management prefers to pull 30+ yr tenure dinosaurs with LESS THAN A YEAR of RESS experience over from transmission and engine to lead our RESS org. Meanwhile, people who have 8 YOE in RESS spanning back to introduction of Chevy Volt are stuck in middle management. Therefore, company does not reward intelligence or expertise either.
Advice: Reward those who consistently overperform and were hired in with low salaries during COVID. Reward or lose top battery talent to Rivian, Tesla, Aptera, companies which pay highly for expertise.
Pros: Great coworkers, great culture, great movement upwards in RESS organization, engaging work, good recognition and visibility in RESS sphere, good benefits

Cons: Corporate messaging and guide path is misaligned with actual methodologies of current plant culture.
Advice: Group leaders are not highly valued as part of leadership teams but rather looked at as a subsect of the hourly workforce. Most group leaders are working under stressful conditions and are not supported for success to reach objectives but rather “old” culture teachings and high pressure tactics are utilized instead reducing morale.
Pros: GM corporate is attempting to create and foster a “new” era of managing production workers in order to remain competitive with todays labor force. This is a refreshing new approach from an industry traditionally known to be less progressive when it comes to the manufacturing workforce.

Cons: not that i can think of
Advice: i don’t have anything for the manangement
Pros: I love the work that we do, I think there’s a lot of opportunities within the company

Cons: Sometimes things may not move as fast as you may like just because of the sheer size of the company and the large number of people and processes.
Advice: None
Pros: GM was a great place to work. Has challenging work and lots of opportunities across the company. Really good salary and benefits.

Cons: Pay could be better (also, new hires were making more than existing when we entered into the rotational program), EV technology is a bit behind leading competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Intelligent and kind people, TRACK program is a great way to start off your career, lots of room to try things out and for networking

Cons: But...it's slow. This is natural for a large, old company. Change requires patience and a lot of conversation and perseverance, which can be frustrating, especially for newcomers.
Advice: Be Bold when something isn't good enough. It's very inefficient for each employee/team to figure out workload and task management. Employees are given a thousand little tools, but experts need to build smarter, ready-to-use software "machines" and teach other teams how to communicate and manage work excellently.
Pros: Really has a culture of wanting to be great, and as an individual you have potential to create your own adventure. Pick a pet project and push for it!

Cons: Constantly working 6days a week for the past +4 years is tiring and overwhelming not really having time for family or a life outside of work your body breaks down eventually I’m 32 and have already had 2 surgery’s cause of the repetitive work we do daily.
Advice: Instead of 6 days how about  2 weeks on 1 week off then there wouldn’t be so many work related accidents and less people trying to constantly take leave.
Pros: The pay and benefits are great including the bonuses that’s why very few leave there is no other place that can really beat the benefits

Cons: -Unless you're in the right circle or come in with experience, you're not getting a promotion -Management treats employees as if pay was competitive -No pension -No COLA -Takes years to get hired and wages are frozen for two years @ low starting wage -Pay is awful compared to what it could be and half what it used to be -Used to be a career job -Lose a lot of friends to other, higher paying jobs
Advice: Offer significant pay increase for both temporary and permanent workers and work ethic and quality of work will raise immensely.
Pros: -Health insurance is good -Paid holidays

Cons: I don't like that I am constantly new in my role for a full two years. It is a long time to feel like you don't completely own what you work on. Some roles have a decent amount of work for you to do for a 6 month rotations, and some rotations have hardly any work at all. The roles can be inconsistent in this way, but with proper networking you can weed out the roles with work balances that aren't for you.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the chance to be able to explore different roles and opportunities out of college, especially not being sure where I want to land. Definitely helps give insight to where you want to take your career.

Cons: Base pay is a little on the low side, especially in Austin (cost of living in Austin is getting out of hand). Sometimes projects can become back-and-forth due to business needs or slow communication. I don't see any reason that Austin employees should have to live within a certain distance from the office. Most people seem to prefer work-from-home (myself included) so living closer to the office (higher rent) is redundant since we mostly work from home. I would prefer to be 100% remote, so I can at least move to a cheaper area to compensate for the lower end salary.
Advice: Be a little more pushy for better bonus/raise % for employees.
Pros: Great work-life balance at GM. In most teams there is very little micromanagement. Every teammate gets their work done. Meetings are minimal, average of 2 short meetings per day. If the company does well, and your individual performance is at least up to par, you can expect a bonus of more than the number promised at the beginning of the year.

Cons: Bad management 
Mostly due to PM 
Promotion period, almost zero % you get promoted to 6 without sitting duck for 3 years 
Not a good place to learn and improve as Developer
Bad Onboarding Process
Advice: STOP USELESS JAVA TRAINING when the person isn't entitled to work with JAVA or PLAY with JAVA at the task and assignment level. 
BE REALISTIC about facts that you don't move people up and the same reason that made alot of Talent gone through your door suffer . 
Most of new Hires \ new Grad tried to find the way out
Pros: Nice People 
Good Environment
Perfect for Easy Going type of Developer

Cons: Red tape, slow processes, takes years to move up
Advice: Give more autonomy those at the ground level and eliminate outdated/slow processes
Pros: Strong support system, clear guidance and work instructions, regular opportunities to explore other positions

Cons: It's not easy to get in. There's a very in-depth interview and a multi-step selection process.
Advice: None
Pros: This position has great benefits because of the United Auto Workers Union. There is a very low turnover rate. The work environment is very friendly and all of the hourly people and the majority of the salary staff treat you like family. Overall, it's a great place to work. 

It's a very unique career opportunity with many rewards.

Cons: Very fast past environment must be able to adapt very quickly.
Advice: More training time and support.
Pros: For an entry level supervision position good and many special project to enhance your skill set.

Cons: vacation time isnt that good, expected to work overtime, most people arent very engaged in their work and are just sitting around waiting for retirement. Managers dont really drive change or anything, impossible to move up to a good role with high pay unless you have worked there 20 years
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay and work is fairly easy and people are nice

Cons: Not tech centric. The interviews are very behavioral and hence they end up with people who can talk but aren’t good at coding or design. Lack of accountability culture at management level. People leaders are bullies who are driving away great talent.
Advice: Hire technical people leaders. If many people on a team are quitting, then there has to be a problem with the leader of that team. Hold the managers accountable for their actions. Tons of managers are bad and are here just for the money and the free car, fire them.
Pros: Great 401k matching and work life balance.. but that’s about it.

Cons: Worklife his horrible. 6 days a week. Union employees can be difficult with no real discipline. Coworkers are deceitful and backstabbing. High deductible insurance.
Advice: Support one another and improve worlife balance.
Pros: Decent pay if you like overtime.

Cons: Significantly understaffed in key areas, leading to burnout of employees
Advice: Streamline the portfolio. Too many programs and not enough staff
Pros: Excellent workplace. Interesting problems to work on. Strong focus on career development.

Cons: - heavy tech debt, so not much coding of new systems - dismissal of salary reviews - removing remote work options
Advice: None
Pros: - Relaxed work environment - understanding of deadlines

Cons: extremely large could make one feel lost physically and metaphorically. processes and structure (the system) in place sometimes impede more than facilitate.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and benefits, seems genuinely respectful of their employees

Cons: Being a large multi-national company there is an issue with people slacking and bringing down teams instead of being let go.
Advice: Keep rewarding the employees helping push the bottom line and getting vehicles in the hands of customers.
Pros: Great pay, bonus, benefits, leadership. Exciting place to work as we transition into EV’s!

Cons: The company seems to be too sluggish to keep up with the competition, at least in IT.
Advice: Focus less on what you want to do, and focus more on what the market is telling you what to do.
Pros: 40-hour work week, lots of room to learn

Cons: long hours, getting dumped on by wannabe managers who don't want to do their jobs and would prefer to delegate it to the only admin, stress,
Advice: Pay attention and keep your eyes open as you REALLY don't know what's going on.
Pros: Great benefits, training, people, and beautiful Ren Cen office environment, learned how to complete overseas expense reports and trip planning

Cons: Tech stack isn’t standardized and changes a lot from team to team even when implementing similar applications. Many time waster meetings.
Advice: Make return-to-office/hybrid a team decision
Pros: Great benefits that continue to only improve. Great job security. It’s easy to find jobs internally to advance career or switch teams

Cons: Constant drama between union and management. Never ending show of power from both sides.
Advice: None
Pros: Camaraderie and sense of team is very strong. Your friends and team will try to help you. Benefits also amazing here.

Cons: - Not too much work - Need to push to get more experience - May not even get a SWE rotation!
Advice: None
Pros: - Not too much work - Since you're moving every 6 months, expectations are low - Good benefits

Cons: Coast too much and you are left behind in skill and improvement
Advice: Require software managers to have software experience
Pros: Depends on your drive to keep learning and improving. Able to coast.

Cons: I don't really have anything bad to say about this company. If working remotely can be a permanent policy, then this company would be even more amazing!
Advice: None
Pros: Work appropriately is the current policy, you can come into the office or work from anywhere where there's internet, and quite of course. Just started in Jan 2022, so far so good. Can't complain. This company has been treating me well from the start. Lots to learn and everyone is so happy to help out and so nice, very understanding of your situation. Benefits are amazing! specially if you have a family. What ever you want to learn or get into, you can, they provide you with resources to achieve your goals. Just overall, great first out of college job, even for experienced people too, it seems they love it there.

Cons: Pay could be better in-person 3 days a week
Advice: Pay your employees competitively
Pros: SAFe great team varied work

Cons: - Large company, if you need something specific, you will need to advocate for yourself, or take time searching for the answer you need.
Advice: Give people a chance to drive the new EV's, the Hummer, the Lyriq, etc. Let them witness how great the cars are, and they will support the initiative much more.
Pros: - Clear organizational goals and mission.
- Industry leading pay and benefits.
- Great coworkers, culture.
- They trust me to do the job that I know I need to do.
- I feel supported by management.
- I feel secure in my employment.
- I feel accomplished in my work.

Cons: Don’t have any cons. Just got laid off after restructuring.
Advice: None
Pros: -Better than FCA in terms of salary, investment in employees, investment in equipment etc.

Cons: They will try and low ball you in management. Speak up for yourself.
Advice: None
Pros: The best when it comes to benefits and days off

Cons: Sensitivity to global economic / political areas.
Advice: Continue to look for ways to automate processes; workload can become challenging throughout the year during ongoing economic disturbances. Looking forward, how are we going to mitigate the impact it has on employees work/life balance.
Pros: Excellent work life balance, leadership visibility opportunities, etc.

Cons: Company completely ignores employees and has proven it. They removed work appropriate and remote for many positions, after being told it would be a permanent remote. Remote work was the only real benefit they had comparing to other companies in the area.
Advice: Allow full remote work. Employees and talent will leave causing even more issues and delays to development
Pros: People are easy to work with. Everyone is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Project owners and managers are always willing to listen and help wherever they can. Great for growth and managers 1:1 are nice to have

Cons: Blending traditional auto industry expectations with "fail fast" mentality of agile software development is challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Surrounded by lots of intelligent people motivated to make better products for customers. Strong effort to be as diverse and inclusive as possible. Vision of zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion is a strong and meaningful purpose.

Cons: Pay is too standardized across the company, so some roles are quite underpaid relative to the market
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome culture, people, and projects. Super flexible and accommodating culture for persona life.

Cons: I have no complaints about the job
Advice: Keep doing a great job with employees
Pros: Great job I love it there

Cons: Employee wear multiple hats its difficult to find where you can asked for assistance from
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, Vehicle to drive, equipment needed. Seems that every employee is willing to help you as a new employee

Cons: Global hours can make for long days
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, exciting, progressive technology company. Inclusive work culture.

Cons: Salary is fair, but not a key point for joining GM.
Advice: None
Pros: GM promotes professional growth for employees. Regardless of the position you start, there's always an opportunity inside GM for you next to increase your value as a professional. So, take advantage of that!

Cons: Demanding work schedule leaving little time for quality of life.
Unclear paths towards growth or moving forward in the company.
Hard to take time off with little benefit of vacation time. Inadequate amount of vacation time for the demanding schedule.
In order to move up in some cases requires a pay cut.
Little to no training plan or mentorship.
Company is making record money in sales while cutting pay.
You are only as good as your last months profit for the company despite years of gains.
Advice: Create clear articulated paths for moving forward for employees.
Quality of life in line with vacation and family time should be considered.  People are in burnout and will perform better if there is balance.
A mentorship program should be in place to help train new employees.
Pros: I worked with talented team members who routinely helped each other to succeed.

Diversity in hire is excellent.

Cons: Good PTO and solid benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Poor WLB in electrification divisions

Cons: Pay Work life balance Career development
Advice: None
Pros: Paid holidays Unlimited sick days 401K match

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, fast paced but in a good way, leaders that want you to succeed

Cons: Very hard to get a promotion due to so many layers
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Good teams to work with Nice people

Cons: Lots of red tape to navigate to get things done. Turnover is huge issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent culture and pay. Good flexibility.

Cons: Very large company that can be difficult to move up in.
Advice: None
Pros: Large automotive manufacturer that is well positioned in the near future.

Cons: One needs to find one’s own passion and direction
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great company to work for

Cons: Sometimes workload is higher, but it comes and goes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great product and benefits at GM

Cons: I have not yet experienced any cons with this project
Advice: Management can improve in offering potential raises &amp; opportunities to grow in the company
Pros: Gm is a good place to work because of its program &amp; the great things it has to offer not only for customers but for employees as well

Cons: -Often feels like an internship i.e. assigned smaller tasks due to not being in a role long enough to be trusted with larger projects
-Hard to meet team members if working in a more remote role/team
Advice: None
Pros: -Seeing many sides of the company
-Making a huge number of connections from peers to execs
-Great benefits and care for you as an employee

Cons: Not too much cons except the pace is slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great wlb at gm and good college

Cons: provide a new car at no charge
Advice: None
Pros: high market share in the us

Cons: Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. The leadership is distracted by DE&amp;I to the point where the fundamentals are starting to suffer as HR  and the woke virus is taking over. GM will skip the most qualified and fill openings with quota employees that do not posess the requisit qualifications to match the job posting. HR demands other groups within the company be diverse all the while they are the least diverse group in the company. DESIGN, BUILD AND SELL THE BEST VEHICLES takes second place to the corporate social score.
Advice: Stick to the fundamentals. stop pandering to every sector of society. We are divided by your DEI push.
Pros: The salary is good and matches experience snd skills.

Cons: Worklife balance as a DRE working on electric vehicles is horrible. Long hours and zero overtime pay.

Accountability for people outside the DRE role is non-existent. Everybody expects you to know everything about your part and more importantly, every single thing related to your part has to be executed to perfection even if the actions are other peoples responsibility like Validation engineering, Suppliers, Purchasing, etc. You, as DRE, will be held accountable period, 0 excuses. 

Your performance will be judged on perception and self branding. If you are not good at public relations and perception, you will never exceed expectations nor get any promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary considering lower than average cost of living in Michigan.

Benefits are solid, low-ish healthcare premiums, great contributions to HSA and Parental Leave for males. 

PTO is good, you start at 15 days, increasing to 20 days on year #2 and increasing to 25 on your 10th year and then 30 days on your 20th year.

Cons: competitive between peers across teams
Advice: None
Pros: invests in training for new hires

Cons: It's easy to get pigeon-holed in the company. Make sure you have mentors and supporters willing to help "promote" your skill sets and capabilities.
Advice: None
Pros: PR assignments at GM offer incredible opportunities to learn and grow. Whether you are working with product engineers or employees building the vehicles, your assignments will span multiple disciplines and functions. These assignments allow you to hone your skills from event planning to crisis management.,

Cons: Too many Re-orgs and changes in management and operations Too large so it is hard to build relationships with people outside of your team Not many events Some managers and employees are rude
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits package, matching 401k (up to 8%), good health insurance, decent amount of PTOs

Cons: Company is big and that add a lot of layers of ambiguity.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to start a career, learn and grow.

Cons: Not much training and no guidance for a new grad
Advice: None
Pros: The offered good benefits for employees

Cons: nothing bad to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, Inclusivity, Amazing team genuinely nice, Really great work/life balance.

Cons: high school like atmosphere. lots of nepotism in the workplace, so if you dont know someone that works there, you will have trouble getting a promotion. they also tend to promote younger people because they are looking for longevity and to be able to mold supervisors/managers.
Advice: stop the nepotism... you're only hurting the production of the company and employee morale by hiring unqualified people based on nepotism.  lots of people with no prior experience or even college degrees getting put into supervisor positions.
Pros: lots of overtime available. Great management. In order to make money, be prepared to work alot of hours. no work life balance.

Cons: HQ location Strategy Bureaucratic Crowded Politics
Advice: Solve the frozen middle
Pros: Global Respectful Innovative Talent Leadership

Cons: The promotions and positions do not go to the most qualified/ deserving candidates
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, decent benefits and pay

Cons: Did layoffs after Trump’s tax cuts to buy back stocks instead of rewarding employees
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, work-life balance can be decent depending on your manager/organization

Cons: Not many, you'll have a lot of fun
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities, good pay, good people

Cons: Just a number Physically, demanding Work and family life is not a good balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Free benefits Short term and long term disability Bereavement

Cons: Lots of road time, depending on the district you're in.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to be in Sales, Service &amp; Marketing. Company vehicle, flexibility and a pretty good work life balance if you can manage it.

Cons: Lot of hours no pension
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay benefits and union

Cons: Less benefits, work hours are not that flexible
Advice: None
Pros: People are great there, pay is average.

Cons: Sometimes work-life balance is not the best depending on project
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company to work for

Cons: Very bloated and very difficult to navigate the environment
Advice: None
Pros: Very easy company to work for, lots of variety and room for mobility

Cons: Pay isn't competitive with the overall market, both as a baseline and growth
Advice: If you want to market yourself as a tech company, you have to pay like a tech company too!
Pros: Culture is really open and welcoming, people are always willing to help and teach, very good work-life balance (8/9-4/5 most days)

Cons: Going back to 3-days in the office in 2023
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work contributes to great work-life balance Great Benefits Diverse Company Lots of opportunities to learn new skills

Cons: The UAW is a scam. They give people positions based on selling out the local membership. They put individual in roles (such as EAP reps) that they are neither qualified or competent to do. An example, Local 2250 gave an alternate EAP position to an individual because his father and uncle were the primary EAPs at the plant. This despite the fact that more qualified individuals applied for the position. Cronyism &amp; Nepotism will get you an appointed Local 2250 job but being qualified will not!
Advice: Make qualification requirements for ANY position that the locals, regions and international levels can appoint.
Pros: It pays well very well &amp; great benefits!

Cons: org changes and high expectations
Advice: None
Pros: cutting edge technology and customer focus

Cons: workload issues, not enough resources by management
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility with work hours, good bonuses usually

Cons: Some technologies are old, but they are going away and new tools are rolling out
More waterfall projects at the moment, but more are going Agile
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay in Michigan
Great Benefits (Medical Insurance, 401k, Tuition Reimbursement) and PTOs
Flexible work locations (IT have work from home options for the most part)
Great facilities and office environment
More stable career during economic downtime

Cons: Do not work  for Gm it in warren. Very bad experience.
Advice: Hire contractors
Pros: If you like Gaslighting backstabbing jerks this is the place to be.

Cons: The area I worked in did not practice open-door policy. Some managers in the organization led by fear and intimidation, making it a toxic working environment. Great talent left because of the management, not the work.
Advice: Be the positive face for GM.  Boost your employees to keep the morale.  The more respect you show your employees the more you get in return not to mention this motivates your team to give back.
Pros: Pay was great
Enjoyed the peers, collaborating with the teams especially the global partners
Believed in the department I worked in and saw the value the organization brought to the company, as a whole. 
IT tools for internal users were, at least, aligned if not better than other large corporations.

Cons: GM lacks any standards for hiring software engineers and often has no technical interview of any kind. This means you can be on a team with software engineers who can barely code, or surprisingly even have poor skills with a computer in general.
Advice: Have technical interviews for software engineers to have some level of hiring standards. Salaries for MI are ok but make them a bit higher for more competitive candidates, and have larger salary bands to really encourage the high performers doing most of the work

Drop the dead weight too, it takes a lot of our time to carry, help, and train some of the abysmally incompetent individuals.
Pros: You can coast on incompetency

Cons: Might not do work and some project can go slow
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, Great culture, and everyone is helpful

Cons: - Hybrid ONLY - Remote options are very limited - Management is very old fashioned
Advice: None
Pros: -Relaxed work schedule - Great training

Cons: Supply chain is obviously not a priority for upper management, materials departments are understaffed and have no budget. Still operating material flow like we’re in the 1980s
Advice: Invest in supply chain, can’t build quality vehicles on time and at scale without it
Pros: The benefits, pay and culture are great

Cons: Experts at gaslighting employees in my opinion. Work here if you want to lose your mental health.
Advice: Figure it out on your own. You wouldn’t listen to employees while we were there so not giving you the recipe to fix it.
Pros: Work from home? But not really because the micromanagement is unreal when working from home.

Cons: DEI- I was removed from a Boss Kettering award since I was leaving GM. You have to be over 50 years old to be left on one. I tried changing this but was totally rejected by that team.
Advice: None
Pros: I really loved the team I worked in at General Motors. If you join, find innovative teams like Autonomous or Electrification

Cons: The position might be one of the most difficult positions within the company. The GL is positioned to take heat from your upline supervisors, and you also have to catch heat from the employees. The union is extremely toxic to try and work with. The union trains the employee that it is okay to "tell a little white lie against management, so long as its for the greater good of the union".
Advice: Plant leadership should regularly get out on the floor to observe the behaviors from Union leadership, the disfunction, and chaos, that it brings.  Once they have done this, they should give production group lead's better training to handle the chaos.
Pros: There is a lot of overtime available.

Cons: Lots of mandatory overtime that for the most part gets canceled at the last minute making planning around it difficult.
Advice: If management would communicate more openly with hourly employees, productivity would be much better
Pros: Good pay excellent benefits. Union Shop

Cons: None to think of now.
Advice: None
Pros: PTO (15 starting), paid holidays (~16)

Cons: Line speed fast pace long days
Advice: Work with your team members  to understand the problems on the line and work well with others to solve problems and safety issues as well
Pros: People the management are workers that will help you threw your tough times

Cons: Management pushing onsite work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, headlining developments in the automotive industry, good work life balance

Cons: - Engineering promotions are rare if non-existant
- Hard work does not feel rewarding long-term
Advice: As GM transitions more into tech, incentives to perform well need to be increased. Going above and beyond does not feel rewarding at all. In fact, it feels actively discouraged.
Pros: - Work/Life balance heavily emphasized
- Internal transfers possible
- Positive and inclusive work environment

Cons: long hours and many Saturdays
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Great people to work for

Cons: Junior engineers get VIP treatment and become spoiled
Advice: None
Pros: Women are more easily to become managers comparing to other companies

Cons: Lots of hours, sharp learning curve
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Benefits, exciting career, excellent coworkers

Cons: all the time a lot of work
Advice: no comments
Pros: Best company to can develop your skills

Cons: not the most competetive compensation package
Advice: None
Pros: mostly work based on motivation

Cons: You must actively self promote yourself and work to make yourself known.
Advice: None
Pros: Large variety of positions available.

Cons: Not using the latest and greatest in technology. Forced return to the office. 30% of the staff does 80% of the work.
Advice: None
Pros: Attempts to have work life balance. Doesn't push you as hard as other tech companies like amazon.

Cons: few if any real issues
Advice: None
Pros: competative benefits, excellent culture, plenty of vacation time

Cons: Slow growth for managers, still rigged for upward movement
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work life balance, good pay, invested in learning

Cons: Not much field experience
Some days I didn't have much to do
Advice: Come up with a better plan/ goal for your interns, first few weeks I did not have much to do.
Pros: flexible internship
good pay
great culture, not an intimidating company to work for

Cons: Market conditions create challenging hurdles to overcome
Advice: None
Pros: Participating in solving global problems

Cons: Nothing I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Money is good and the work is awesome.

Cons: Changing tech direction happens frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is great. Remote work is available. Flexible work time. Good communication between teams.

Cons: Remote working was touted as a benefit, and they are withdrawing that
Advice: None
Pros: work environment is ok, compensation is average. Upward mobility is limited

Cons: Difficult to move up and go through promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: GM provides great benefits when compared to other companies

Cons: Pay isn't market value compared to other jobs in role
Advice: None
Pros: Loads of training Good benefits

Cons: Extremely boring work
Major retention issues
You may or may not do a technical job
Salary doesn't increase much
Advice: Full disclosure: i had a bad review and anyone reading should take it this with a grain of salt. I am considering taking a lower paying developer job elsewhere to find a bit more opportunity.

However, that being said I think management needs to learn how to develop and retain new college hires. You aren't going to compete with silicon valley, but you can cultivate a better reputation as a good place to start.
Pros: 15 days PTO to start
10% bonus(contingent on overall business performance)
Easy going with lots of flexibility

Cons: Can be hard to drive change.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company and a lot of room to grow.

Cons: None, I love it here
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for

Cons: Low base salary compared to competitors.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, very good benefits

Cons: 1) No stocks 2) Yearly raises are not enough
Advice: Continue the performance
Pros: 1) Good work life balance 2) Competent Engineers and good leadership

Cons: The concept of non-technical managers was puzzling to me. The promotion structure is based too much on time served rather than based on merit, which was frustrating. Many coworkers seemed to get by with doing little to nothing with no consequences.
Advice: None
Pros: There's good job security and room to move around the company and grow your career. I can definitely understand why many people stay at GM for long periods of time.

Cons: Culture is focused on fitting in with everyone else. Not a place to work if you have strong work ethic and drive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good training, benefits, steady work, good pay rate.Flexible Work environment.

Cons: Slow work pace and progress
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and great people

Cons: Company very siloed, engineering in particular hard to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of mentorship, ability to work with some cool data

Cons: A lot of paperwork and forms.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are very good.

Cons: Not a motivating environment, some dishonesty about roles.
Advice: More clarity about what the role will entail.
Pros: Good benefits, good work life balance.

Cons: Advancement could be illusive. Merits and technical skills could be better valued for advancement and pay raise.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is diverse, and work life balance is fairly good. Company also encourages innovation and development.

Cons: At times the company is still slow to innovate due to old processes and red-tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of options for challenging roles and a company that lets you pursue your interests.

Cons: Lay offs are quite frequent
Depending on team: Minimal support and guidance
I sensed some unspoken favoritism
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great place to start after college
Amazing ability to learn on your own
Teaches you that nothing is forever and allows you to always be ready for change

Cons: Lost fully remote flexibility for work schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, two days remote.

Cons: Nothing too bad to mention
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is pretty good for an OEM

Cons: No communication Poor leadership Same regime tok long
Advice: Better leadership
Pros: Health benefits Bonus Full time Discount

Cons: Monotonous work on an assembly line can be taxing.
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent work with good hours.

Cons: Systems can be hard to understand if placed in a CS heavy role coming from business. Personally not into the company culture and not enough camaraderie among team members. Too much variance in personalities in the office but that's just a personal opinion.
Advice: Management overall doing a great job on my team.
Pros: Competitive salary with great work-life balance. Very professional, intuitive leadership with great accountability. The work can be very rewarding and interesting to see your changes effect the business. I like my manager a lot.

Cons: - Has not made full-time WFH a permanent option (leaves it to individual teams to decide, so they're at least flexible for now).
- Difficult to seek mentorship within my own team; seniors don't appear to have time.
- The transition to SAFeAgile since last year has been fairly bumpy.
- Office snack options are overpriced.
- Frequently long hours
Advice: Make WFH a permanent option.
Pros: - Prioritizes cultural values and rewards participation in it
- Hires good people that are a joy to work with.
- Has a variety of cool projects with modern stacks (YMMV)
- Good benefits
- Office amenities such as: rising desk, two monitors
- Fairly casual office dress code. The motto is "dress appropriately".

Cons: The places run 6 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay. You don't have to do much, if you don't want to.

Cons: Takes too much time to accrue vacation. You have to work there for 10 years to earn 3 weeks of paid vacation while other companies offer 3 weeks of vacation to all entry level employees when starting.
Advice: Management should listen to hourly workers more and give us the same respect they give to each other.
Pros: Weekly pay for hourly employees

Cons: tendency to work in silos
Advice: None
Pros: get to work along with very highly qualified experts

Cons: Red tape Lack of training budget Not innovative when it comes to IT
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Having a fortune 50 name on your resume

Cons: Big company politics. Turf wars.
Advice: Some directors are not up to date with respect to technology.
Pros: GM has work in a lot of areas, so you can vary your career within GM
Company has become much more dynamic in nature with some areas having startup mentality.

Cons: None None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: 401k, Health insurance, Bonus, Culture

Cons: Managers didn't care to much on improving systems/processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy Work, wasn't very rewarding

Cons: If you want to grow you have to move every 2-3 year in the US
Some management decisions are old fashioned
Management reactions to environmental changes are delayed
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company
High job security
Helpful colleagues and friendly atmosphere
Numerous vacancies to grow inside the company
Lots of opportunities to learn new topics

Cons: Not friendly. People are not your team member, they are your competitor. People would try to distroy you to progress in their career!
Advice: You do not listen to us!!!!
Pros: work life balance is great. You can sign off at 5 if you want to.

Cons: I've written 99% java since I started here almost two years ago. On our team we have an almost purely non-technical management tier. Bad communication of requirements and design. Not going to get started on QA.
Advice: Design and requirements need to be documented. Team management should be technical so that they can take part in refining those requirements as they are handed to teams rather than putting the onus on developers to do so.
Pros: A couple great teammates. The ability to work remotely.

Cons: 100 year old company takes a while to turn the ship.
Advice: None
Pros: Over 30 years of great jobs as well as working with great people

Cons: - Uninteresting work - Long, pointless meetings everyday - Unfulfilling opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people - Great working environment - Great benefits and pay

Cons: - long hours - unrealistic deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: - good benefits - tuition reimbursement

Cons: I have nothing bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Was a great company to work with

Cons: Stress and high pace environment
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and Benefits are great

Cons: Poor development plan for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Really good values company and people

Cons: So far I have not seen any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had an amazing time at GM so far, they are really big on taking PTO and days off for yourself. There are always different team events taking place.

Cons: May not get to do what you actually want to do, pay is low compared to other large companies
Advice: None
Pros: Not much work/deadlines to do, good benefits starting off

Cons: Honestly, can't think of one at the moment. I have 0 complains.
Advice: None
Pros: I've been working here for a few months and I LOVE IT. Best manager, love working hybrid, so flexible with time, work is a manageable, love working with people from other states.

Cons: There appears to be a lack of Diversity in Leadership Positions.. the last black female director I encountered ended up leaving and going to a different company
Advice: None
Pros: GM offers great work life balance... what you do with your extra time is up to you.. kids side hustles

The balance is pretty good when you look at it wholistically.

Cons: Hard to move up unless you make the right contacts. Very old school.
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn a lot and grow as an employee

Cons: The growth can get stalled.
Advice: None
Pros: After SAFE agile introduction the working template is fast and rapid like a startup.

Cons: It's the auto industry you always have chance of being laid off.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits and overtime

Cons: not fair salaries with respect to othe remployees
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is good Great poeple to work with

Cons: Hard to climb up in career.
Advice: None
Pros: team supportive and helpful. Good support.

Cons: The job is physically and mentally demanding
Advice: Hold the TL’s more accountable
Pros: You make good money and benefits

Cons: pay is not so competetive
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work and life balance

Cons: with work from home they still want you to be in the area of an innovation center.
Advice: keep up the amazing work, thank you for being so understanding.
Pros: extremely welcoming, great teams, nice ramp up time for entry level software developers.

Cons: Some tech is outdated, but in my space this is being removed
Must push back to preserve work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: NCH program got a 20k pay increase to be competitive
Relaxed environment with lots of opportunities for advancement
Can take on a lot more responsibilities

Cons: Boring Uninteresting work Little growth
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Nice people

Cons: Needs improvement on team-to-team communication, company wide we dont communicate very well. Lots of duplicate work going on, lots of inefficiencies - still in a "siloed" work structure.
Advice: Look closer at the details, dont paint broad strokes that fit the majority. Acting like a smaller company will have areas growing more rapidly than treating every team/team member the same.
Pros: Good team dynamics, benefits, salary, areas for you to make an impact if you have the technical skill or the work ethic.

Cons: The salary for the Austin location is NOT very competitive. Although after about 6 months of working they gave a 25% raise after doing "market research" about local SE salaries for new college hires, it still doesn't touch what other bigger companies pay.
Advice: Pay more for your software engineers or you'll likely lose them.
Pros: They ease you into things, you'll have a mentor several senior devs to ask questions, plus your boss. You get plenty of opportunities to grow your skills, try working for different teams etc. They certainly don't work you to death like some other engineering companies.

Cons: Slow process to bring innovation to production
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance; flexible on what you want to do and research

Cons: Too much of discussions on trivial matters
Advice: None
Pros: Good respectful culture and values people

Cons: Drive too far from my home.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good company to work for.

Cons: I've been on 4 different teams in my time at GM. 3/4 times my managers were intense and expected results on a daily. Lots of people in Austin are very "try-hard" and will work until 7-9pm.
Advice: Learn how to delegate and encourage the team.
Pros: Some teams work with the latest tech stack (Angular/Java). There are some other teams working with React. If you're lucky, you'll work under a great manager who is relaxed and won't breathe down your neck because they have delegated other devs in leadership roles. I'm very lucky to have an amazing team who are super supportive and believe in work-life balance.

Cons: elimination of Work Appropriately very bluntly was a negative
Advice: None
Pros: crossfunctional collaboration is a constant in this role

Cons: Not very many cons working at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership cares about a great work life balance

Cons: very positive experience great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: absolutely great place to work before retirement

Cons: You can be ignored sometimes even when you're doing good work because it's a large company
After getting out of the college hire program, promotions are hard to come by
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Direct manager is very supportive (team by team basis)

Cons: Communication can be frustrating do to the size of the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Good benefits Good work environment

Cons: - leadership is lacking and the ability to want to improve things can fall to the way side…
Advice: None
Pros: - Pay (Salary + OT)
- Work life balance 
-Benefits (401k match, 12 weeks paid paternity leave, etc.)

Cons: Bad managers (toxic, hostile, etc) are protected by senior management and the company, while good employees are forced out. Anyone who speaks up is fired, while everyone else is mocked and treated like scum until they leave.
Career opportunities only exist for the submissive employees loved by the toxic management.
Advice: Manage your managers
Pros: Working from home. Company provided computer. Decent pay.

Cons: Sometimes due to size of company, slower to make decisions and implement them
Advice: Great work by management. Keep investing in young engineers and letting them grow and contribute to growth.
Pros: Great minds working alongside sharing the knowledge and helping to grow. 
Lot of interesting work on electric vehicles development. 
Best bonus options
Great health insurance with 1.5k contribution in HSA. 
8% contribution in 401k

Cons: -Management has everyone chasing a carrot sticks for promotions, they will get you to do more than you can and have you competing with each other but at the same time say it's "one team", and will promote very few (it is usually the manager's favorite). You are better off putting that effort to study and apply for a higher paying company than trying to be promoted for a 10% raise. 
-Low salary compared to other companies. During your end year review, you will get your review which says your salary and show where you are compared to the the "market rate". That is internal to GM (which is lower) and not the actual market rate. 
-There are some hires which know a higher up inside the company (relative or friend), and they get hired for pay grade roles for which they are not qualified for. 
-There is currently a lot of hiring. With that, the team dynamics are changing fast. Many people on my previous team left, and in a very short time there were many new hires. If you didn't leave, you got stuck holding up the fort, teaching new hires the ropes, and yes, most likely they are getting paid more than you.
-You are hired as a "Software Engineer" or a "Software Developer". The role will require you to do more than that, you will be an analyst, tester, operations, etc. I would often find myself swamped with production and non-production support tasks, than actual development, getting 3AM calls and running production deployments past midnight.
-With the company going 100% EV, they adapted SAFE agile. I would spend many hours in scrum ceremony meetings (spring planning, retrospectives, backlog refining), and not have enough time to do my actual work. Nothing good would come out of some of the meetings, for example retrospectives, would just be scheduled to rant and check the checkbox for following agile. 
-Company is hiring a lot of college hires (a pro in my opinion due to a young workforce), but with that there are less seniors, which means less mentors, and less knowledgeable individuals.
Advice: You expect so much from your employees, but your pay is not competitive enough to justify it.
Pros: -Company is currently going under a 100% EV transformation, which makes it an exciting place to work. 
-Good internally opportunities (lateral move with no pay raise - yes this is a con), but good opportunity for you to add new skills to your toolbelt for when you look for external opportunities. 
-Good benefits such as health insurance cost, and vacation/holidays given. Unlimited sick days, but only if you are sick for less than 1 week. 
-Company used to have a no work from home policy. With COVID, the company changed and is now hybrid, having to come in twice a week, for most roles.
-Pretty stable company as long as you meet expectations.
-Very good maternity and paternity leave time.

Cons: Wish the salary was more competitive, but other than that no complains.
Advice: None
Pros: I can't speak for every team, but my team was great and the manager was the best. The benefits here are pretty solid too.

Cons: crappy hours, lots of politics. Use it as a step somewhere else.
Advice: Listen to the hourly employees more, they know the product best!
Pros: Good pay to babysit adults

Cons: Can be long hours at times, but it is generally compensated.

Has a difficult time retaining young talent.

Work is repetitive in nature and can get old after a few months
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, holidays, pay, vacation.

Cons: hours can be taxing, having to deal with both european and asian based suppliers
Advice: None
Pros: will become intimately familiar with the vehicle design build and launch process

Cons: Leadership is reducing WFH time
Advice: None
Pros: The job has pretty good pay

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, pay and benefits

Cons: nothing to mention all good
Advice: None
Pros: it is great place to work

Cons: Work life balance is poor but I hear it's better lately.
Advice: Try new ways and listen to your people.
Pros: Good people, leaders in the field, security.

Cons: Weird hours, barely any holidays off, pay is controlled by the supplier
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, very simple workflow, supportive management, solid pay + benefits

Cons: Lots of weekends, mandatory overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, holidays off, vacation time

Cons: Slow start in the beginning of career
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work life balance at work

Cons: If you want to grow in General Motors you'll have to spend several years doing lateral movements before getting a management position.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, people and leadership.

Cons: Actively looking for a new job because despite my manager telling me I'm performing excellently, the raises only keep up with inflation unless you jump up a level. And at that point you're then getting underpaid for your new level. Also I was very disappointed that GM IT is not really allowing for permanent full remote work.
Advice: Give real raises to high-performing people. I like GM's culture, and I want to stay, but even though I'm accomplishing more than 4 other developers put together, and I have a lot of business knowledge, I can't stay any longer because the pay gap is too much.
Pros: Good culture and fairly good work-life balance.

Cons: No cons to say anything
Advice: NA
Pros: Best place to work all the time

Cons: Computing environment, moves a little slow
Advice: None
Pros: Team wants you to succeed and thrive. Listens to complaints as well as tries to make the overall success of the team priority.

Cons: Pay Long hours No incentive No recognitions
Advice: None
Pros: Work Remote Profit sharing is good

Cons: Direction from corporate leaders Can out stress in management
Advice: None
Pros: Fair pay Flexible hours Consistent feedback

Cons: Hours and benefits were not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and brotherhood of fellow employees

Cons: Lack of training, work life balance
Advice: The support of more women in upper management
Pros: Pay, bonuses, promotion opportunities, lots of charity work, benefits are great

Cons: Get ready to work some overtime and not receive even a thank you let alone any extra pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous people, often are going to be understanding to any professional or personal dilemmas. Rare in todays world.

Cons: Micro managed to death, 1950's tech/ no scan guns.

 Run like a slave ship/circus. Race based favoritism, rampant absenteeism. Idiot managers, sexual harassment galore. 

Constant turnover when new hires realize how bad it is. High injury/accident rate ( the highest in the CCA division). This company is relying on past glory when in reality it's a minimum wage clown show !
Advice: Quit/resign and hopefully be replaced by outsiders that have experience leading people.
Pros: Benefits, profit sharing, , nothing else.

Cons: -Work can move a bit slowly sometimes
-Career growth isn't necessarily fast, growth depends on team you are placed in
-TRACK program may not deepen your knowledge sufficiently in any one area
Advice: None
Pros: -Interesting work (but this depends on the team)
-Excellent WLB
-Flexible schedule
-TRACK program gives ability to experience 4 different roles, good if looking for exposure

Cons: Experience is prioritized over talent Career growth/paths not well defined Lack of pay transparency
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and culture

Cons: Leadership has zero transparency Definitely feel like you’re just a number
Advice: None
Pros: Strong focus on diversity equity and inclusion

Cons: I don't have any at all!
Advice: None
Pros: remote and nice management, no complaints.

Cons: Mediocre pay. Not a good option for personal or technical growth. You will not be challenged technically, only your patience with your coworkers will be tested.

Very bureaucratic. People get promotions and titles they should not even come close to.
Advice: None
Pros: Good for stability, great benefits.

Cons: The transition to EVs is challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great plAce to work for all kinds of engineering assignments.

Cons: salary is kind of ok as per current market
No promotions , you can't even move up to next level easily
Advice: None
Pros: Good 401k match
Bonus package is good 
Work Life balance

Cons: None so far to my knowledge
Advice: None
Pros: Great wonderful experience as always

Cons: Low salary when compared to other software dev roles
Advice: None
Pros: Nice opportunities to learn and develop. Great people

Cons: No cons so far for GM
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork is easy. No company politics Pay is great for entry level

Cons: Can become a little political
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of growth and great benefits/pay

Cons: Too big company to grow professionally
Advice: None
Pros: Generous PTO and laid back culture

Cons: Some areas of the buisness are stagnant and can hinder development. They are easy to leave but very hard to change.
Advice: Review the areas of the buisness with greater rotation and replace management there.
Pros: Good work-life balance
Good growth opportunities
Good engavement with workers and leaders

Cons: Management only wants to slave you. Mandatory overtime for months and months with only about two days off per month. If you don’t work it as scheduled you get walked out (fired). They also make it almost impossible for career advancement. Once they have you on the production floor they want to keep you there. I informed them of a surgery I had and they asked me if I could reschedule it for the following year. They don’t care about you or your health concerns. They only care about the needs of the business.
Advice: Treat your employees like humans, not animals or robots.
Pros: Unlimited overtime and some of the employees are really cool. Also, good health benefits.

Cons: Claim to be a innovative company but stuck in their old ways
Advice: figure it out
Pros: If you are a boring person, you will enjoy

Cons: Once you're in the promotions are ok in terms of compensation. A lot less than you'd expect
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a good company to work for and they will pay well to get you into the company.

Cons: the transmissions laying on the ground
Advice: None
Pros: the lunches with all the team

Cons: Not much direction Mostly remote
Advice: None
Pros: Great people Great environment A lot of work to be done

Cons: I don't have any cons to share at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, integrity, leadership, technology, leader in battery electric vehicle development and growth.

Cons: Have not experienced anything bad yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote job, supportive team and management
4% 401K match, additional 4% automatic contribution, great bonus

Cons: No good benefits 
Not a good pay rate for what you have to do
Advice: None
Pros: Meet new people 
Learn new tasks
Hands on with many different tools and devices

Cons: They will work you 80+ hours a week. You will work every weekend and every holiday. Most work days are 12 to 14 hours long. You will have just enough time to go home, eat, sleep and get up and head right back into the plant. They don't care about you or your health.
Advice: Management doesn't listen. They only care about hitting their next goal and they are willing to use you up and throw you away to do it. Terrible on boarding process. Your health and family will suffer if you work here. It is a very toxic work environment.
Pros: They pay on time and the check won't bounce.

Cons: There are a lot of systems to learn, and some of them make no sense.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance.
People are welcoming and company culture is awesome.

Cons: Definitely treated like a number and not a person.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are decent, annual HSA contribution if you get a physical.

Cons: Old outdated processes 

Talks about innovating but slow to actually change

Not a flashy job

Pay is lower than some in IT

Work is not always the most interesting

Business and the upper leadership is in Detroit
Advice: Retain better talent by paying more and guaranteeing WFH
Pros: Lower pressure environment depending on the team you are on

WFH seems to be what most teams are staying with

Austin

Work/life balance

Easy to move in the company or get experience then leave if you want

15 days vacation starting and 20 at 3 years

Cons: Repetitive work and long hours Noise environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great wages and benefits Vacation tome

Cons: Extremely Corporate Low pay for industry
Advice: None
Pros: relaxed work environment light work load

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for

Cons: 9 Boxing system means that someone on the team is always judged harshly
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance Opportunity for advancement

Cons: same cons as any large company, you can get lost in the crowd
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility, great salary, responsibility, fulfilling mission, strong company vision

Cons: A lot of reporting. More energy spent on presentations and reporting rather than doing the work and investigating new designs. Too much of a boys club. Hard to get promoted.
Advice: Need to breakdown barriers and the boys club. Although the older are now retiring, the mentality on inbreeding keeps the stronghold. Create completely new teams and hire people outside the industry to innovate and come up with new ways of working. Leaders who have been there for more than 7 years will find it difficult to make this happen.
Pros: A very big workforce. Good work life balance.

Cons: No direction and management changes quickly, re-org
Advice: None
Pros: Laidback and friendly env. good for fresh collage graduate

Cons: My group is very toxic. Horrible for my mental health My opinions, voice, experiences do not matter to my management. I am treated horribly here
Advice: Listen and respond to your team, and not just your favorite ones
Pros: Only good thing I like is that it’s Remote

Cons: Return to work is being mandated
Advice: None
Pros: High salary and ability to move through the company

Cons: Executives make questionable decisions at times
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is appreciated

Cons: Long Hours and work weekends,
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and decent benefits,

Cons: Pay is not as good as google
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work and learn

Cons: Advancement opportunities are challenging and political
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and annual bonuses

Cons: Awful management, forced overtime, non-inclusive environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare and hourly rate

Cons: Pay raise and performance management system is broke. Raises are constrained to allocated high performers on a budget which can be demotivating. Also it fails to take into account job market rates for high demand workers leaving it easy to be tempted by other employers every few years when they don't keep up with the market.
Advice: Fix your performance management system and stop limiting your high performer counts if you have more than the budgeted high performers.
Pros: Performance Bonus and Benefits are pretty good. Parental leave policy is phenomenal and sets the bar for others. Paid vacation is also outstanding.

Cons: Bad Compensation
No Learning as A New College Hire
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance
Great Team Members

Cons: boring, and you wont learn much
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance nice people

Cons: Work home balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and vacation is good

Cons: Might not learn a lot if this is your first job
Advice: None
Pros: Chill work culture and not a lot of stress

Cons: I have no cons thus far with my employment with GM! Loving every minute of it!
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing with enforcing the 8 corporate behaviors as it ties every employee to the corporate strategy and engages us to "win with integrity".
Pros: They are very employee focused and are doing great things to engage employees and make them part of the Company's growth and future direction! Their benefit packages are very comprehensive and cost friendly.
Very excited to be working here!!

Cons: DEI specifically means people of color and young. It is not inclusive if you are white and over 40.
Advice: Make all job postings transparent and focus on qualifications not DEI agendas.  In addition to the behavior based interviews spend time on technical questions which cannot be prepared for.
Pros: Pay and benefits. Otherwise most people are just a number unless you are favored.

Cons: Large company, so slow to make changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative and inclusive company culture. Excellent work-life balance. Great benefits

Cons: Management accountability. Two-years before you can get hired full time. No dental or vision or 401k or profit share for two-years to name a few. Yet you're there everyday doing the same work working the same hours usually more than the full-timers. Union is worthless and seems to be on the side of management more than the workers. Never saw a union rep on the floor once working there. Saw my dues taking out every month though.
Advice: Reach for the rainbow. Great way to make a lot of money by only giving the appearance you're doing something useful.
Pros: Lot of OT if you want it. Insurance is decent.

Cons: No cons at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Management is very responsive. Offer many opportunities to expand your skillset and get new experience. Seriously committed to ensuring work life balance of employees. Have embraced a WFH hybrid environment allowing employees to make their own choices.

Cons: Too many meetings as software engineer
Advice: None
Pros: Can be hired as a full-time remote worker

Cons: Not really any I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible. fun, and diverse company

Cons: Beware of cronyism and nepotism.
Advice: Avoid popular trends and focus on delivering an industry leading product. Instead of finding ways to cut your older employees and costs why not instead look for ways to gradually enter them into retirement and retain their knowledge for the organization and newer less experienced employees.
Pros: It can be a great place to learn and build your background. Pay and benefits are competitive.

Cons: - Being such a historic, corporate company, GM's efforts to transform and act as a trendy tech-forward company are often lost. Orientation was generic, largely irrelevant for me, and lasted months
- Moves a bit slow
- Lots of corporate restructuring (2 new managers in less than a year)
- Experience is highly team dependent (I was on a great team)
- Pay is quite low compared to industry-standard
- Easy to feel complacent (almost too chill)
Advice: None
Pros: - Good mentorship from managers and senior devs
- Work with relevant languages and technologies
- Positive culture within team
- Low-stress environment

Cons: When the economy is doing bad GM has to slow down some of the extra things to make sure the company and its employees stay in the green.
Advice: None
Pros: There is always room to move around in the company. Everyone is treated with respect. Even none USA holidays are observed.

Cons: none for me in my 10 years
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to gain experience, work rotation

Cons: Long hours combined with low wages.
Advice: None
Pros: Brilliant work environment, encouraging and fast paced

Cons: Working with Ryder is horrible. They seem to forget who the Prime partner is. Its organized chaos, and most of the Ryder employees are very disgruntled. GM should force the hand and clean house with Ryder management.
Advice: Either take over the 3PL or find a company that can. 
Ryder is an anchor around GM's neck.
Pros: I love working for general Motors. It is very exciting. I have never felt so welcomed and respected. GM is growing rapidly. Its definitely a place to bring your talents.

Cons: taxed scholarships team access issues
Advice: None
Pros: flexible great team wonderful opportunities

Cons: No control of production schedule. 6-Day Work weeks
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of overtime available and solid benefits.

Cons: Economy based, possible layoffs when market is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits and work environment

Cons: not much to move up the ladder
Advice: trust your own people
Pros: good work life balance, flexibility

Cons: Top-heavy, very beurocratic and slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, big company

Cons: The salaries use to be below average. They recently upped the pay unilaterally for all new college hires. So.... my one and only critique would be that you will likely get stuck working on an antiquated technology when you first join.
Advice: Consider moving towards a more modern set of technologies. And also, keep doing what youre doing!
Pros: The amount of down time and the ability to work from home are fantastic. Additionally, 15 vacation days right off the bat is sooo nice. There's like 16 paid holidays. Thats a month of PTO every year!!!

Cons: Due to size of company, at times employees will be moved without much if any notice to another team to adjust assets/priorities. Also typical issues with cascading management and aligning values vertically and horizontally.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are fair and worthwhile.
GM's Vision of zero, zero, zero has helped shaped the direction across orgs.

Cons: Life work balance is not great
Advice: None
Pros: They pay good money and benefits

Cons: Trying to force people back into office.
Advice: Let people work where they wish.
Pros: Good pay, great, local staff.

Cons: Have to know the right people to get ahead
Advice: None
Pros: Good inclusive culture, big org

Cons: Could pay more but merit raises and bonuses make up for it.
Advice: Continue to nurture the skill building of the employees.
Pros: Great place to work, Work life balance is good, Good healthcare and 401k benefits. Also moving around within the company to gain skills is somewhat encouraged

Cons: Purchasing group not enough resources, too many initiatives in place at once
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, training resources in place

Cons: Not flexible schedule, didn't feel valued, not good for "single mom" type life
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, great benefits, good money, repetitive work

Cons: The position was stressful. There was no one way to perform certain tasks. Less than two weeks out of nesting I had up to 30 cases and continued to receive more on a daily basis. Car owners would have valid car trouble complaints they could not get repaired-- GM made vehicles that developed known issues that did not qualify for recall and left their customers stuck with vehicular problems they refused to pay for solutions to correct them. For these reasons, I'd never purchase a GM vehicle.
Advice: Hire more staff that is responsive and knowledgeable about the correct way to perform tasks. Perhaps generate if-then scenarios.
Pros: The staff was friendly, training was good.

Cons: Greedy company, no days off for full time temporary employees, very difficult for temps to get hired. Contractually they word things sneakily to trick or manipulate employees. The work (even though it’s simple) is VERY hard on your body, repetitious movements cause swelling &amp; pain. Injuries and workman’s comp issues are not taken seriously and are rarely covered, especially not for temps.
Advice: Do what’s best for the employees not what’s best for the financial gain of the already billion dollar company. If you have happy and healthy employees it will benefit the company in the long run.
Pros: Most jobs on the line are simple to learn. Have had good experience with management. Union works hard to fight for us.

Cons: Safe Agile is a terrible framework and is a bottleneck for getting work done.
Advice: None
Pros: Welcoming experience for new college hires.

Cons: Evening meetings can become a norm if you don't manage schedule carefully. I probably work 50-60 hrs/ week Frequently on the lower end with excursions to the higher.
Advice: Publish written guidelines on international meeting hours and days.
Pros: Great vacation policy, flexible on WFH, Great pay, bonus

Cons: Leadership decisions sometimes seem reactionary
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work/life balance

Cons: Lower Salary compared to most
Advice: None
Pros: Growth Opportunities, Hyrbid Office, Great Projects, Culture is amazing

Cons: Have to deal with people who don’t listen
Advice: Needs to work on working more with people to know if they are really in the right or wrong before assuming anything about them
Pros: Move around 
Learn more
Help people
Better pay

Cons: - long work hours, typically tied to the union workers schedule
Advice: Watch out for managers who micro manage. They will drive the actual good/efficient workers out.
Pros: - Pays well
- overtime pay
- generally smart people

Cons: Auto-industry is cyclical so you never know when we'll go into a downturn.
Advice: None
Pros: Bonuses, pay, benefits and culture cannot be beat!

Cons: Career advancement is very slow
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Benefits are way better than industry standards

Cons: There are no cons at all
Advice: None
Pros: The people live our cultural values, the product is exciting, the benefits are fantastic.

Cons: I sometimes didnt like it
Advice: None
Pros: I really loved working there

Cons: Minimal opportunities for promotion, can make big promises that aren't followed through on.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, strong rotational program, good learning opportunities

Cons: Can be high pace and very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, and innovative team to work with

Cons: Less opportunity to work with team outside my area of development. No a cons because it is a massive company
Advice: Keep up your support to employees. Thank you
Pros: Good pay, health benefits, work life balance

Cons: You can work a lot of hours.
Advice: None
Pros: The money and insurance is good.

Cons: Salary is not competitive as other tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Team members are helpful and GM has been growing to improve the environment for the employees. Work is often not so stressful and there are various resources to help employees within GM.

Cons: Only in Milford and Warren, MI
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee friendly and collegial

Cons: A lot of walking. If management calls overtime you have no choice
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay. Good people. Great benifits

Cons: None that stand out too much
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, great benefits. Happy

Cons: Long hours, can be high stress environment
Advice: None
Pros: Company car
Company credit card
Expense gas

Cons: This position is very stressful. I am a lead and expected to report out 24/7 and still get my work done under a compressed timeline. If anything goes wrong with my parts, I am held accountable (even if it wasn’t my error).
Advice: None
Pros: I’m continuously learning in this position and work cross-functionally with a lot of different teams and suppliers. Good for networking and moving up in the company. Love seeing my designs come to life!!

Cons: I enjoyed my time at this company and my team was great to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: Team atmosphere
Goal oriented
Room for growth

Cons: Low pay, is a boomer company
Advice: None
Pros: Good job security and benefits

Cons: strict 
90 days to get hired
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits 
decent pay 
profit sharing

Cons: - team works a lot of OT
- a lot of restructuring has been happening and haven't seen it communicated well
Advice: None
Pros: - compensated well for cost of living in the area
- team members are enjoyable to work with
- I feel that I get to work on new tech and get to focus work on what I want

Cons: You have to live in Michigan.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and really smart people.

Cons: Overtime rate is capped off
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime opportunity is there if you want it

Cons: Pay is below average for similar work in other industries. Many of our suppliers have significantly higher paid staff, with similar experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Recognizable product, plenty of challenges

Cons: sometimes work life balance is poor
Advice: improved work life balance. Off every other Friday
Pros: Work flexibility is pretty nice.

Cons: Nothing at the moment. They were known for layoffs before and lacking behind, but over the last 4 years they REALLY picked up the pace and transformed 180!
Advice: None
Pros: Now they are forward thinking and trying to be the best in tech! I left but I heard they are considering 4 day work week! Woah!

Cons: Management doesn't always understand the support side of the business.
Advice: Organize departments to be under an organization that understands the needs of the specific department.
Pros: Like cars, this is the place for you. They offer great benefits while you work there and flexible.

Cons: Easy to get caught up in the silo's of plant-life, without realizing there are opportunities outside of the factories.
Advice: None
Pros: Significant opportunities for people to shine, provided you speak to your bosses and make your intentions known

Cons: Team leaders don’t want to train
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits fast paced work with mostly nice coworkers

Cons: I have no cons about GM at all.
Advice: Keep up the good work and culture.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, and great people to work with.

Cons: Can get very political when it comes to career progression. Everything revolves around Michigan.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good people.

Cons: no cons to report about
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company to work for. Great benefits, work appropriately. Great balance between work and home life.

Cons: - Managers target doing what makes them look good versus what is good for their teams.
- No promotional opportunity unless you apply internally to other teams.
- Performance based merit raises are non-existent. You need to have good relations with upper management to get a good raise. Good raises aren't given out by performance. It's all political.
- Talent pool is weak because the interview/screening/assessment is so easy. All questions are STAR format with no technical discussion. The weaker talent tend to stay with the stronger employees leaving for significantly better pay elsewhere.
- There's a huge disparity between those who do and those who don't. You may find those who barely do anything are getting paid more than you.
- Constant chase for "emerging technology". They'll migrate from platform to platform for the sake of looking good on paper versus use case despite the fact that it disrupts team workflows.
- Low pay. This is one of the few companies where managers are paid more than critical senior devs (by a huge margin).
- There are a handful of rude/toxic employees. I'm not sure how this behaviour is acceptable. Reporting any harassing behaviour will end up with retaliatory action despite them having policies against retaliation.
Advice: Change how GM IT management operate. They don't care about feedback despite constantly asking for it and are very clique-ish to protect their own. Improve the culture in ALL orgs. Some are great, others are toxic.

Pay talent properly and have a stronger screening/assessment. This will result in stronger talent. If you keep seeking those from the bottom of the barrel and pay as such.... Well, you get what you pay for.
Pros: - Ability to work remote.
- Work/life balance CAN be good if you're working in a competent and respectful team.
- Culture can be positive but is very team/org dependent.
- Good 401k matching benefits and wellness incentives (overall compensation).
- Can be a good jump start to your career if you receive no other offers as a new college hire.

Cons: Not a remote job Hybrid
Advice: None
Pros: Usually 40-45 work weeks 401k matching

Cons: Too slow to go to production
Too many gates to pass for most things
Siloed environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great employees/managers
Good benefits
Great work/life balance

Cons: No career trajectory and no room for innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Job Security and pretty stable all around and good benefits

Cons: None in particular, overtime would have been nice but wasn't available
Advice: None
Pros: Treated me well as an intern, had a good project, manager, and pay

Cons: Some jobs are harder than others
Advice: None
Pros: Good work space, safety focused

Cons: Nothing to say about this...
Advice: None
Pros: WFH and other good benefits

Cons: Pay could be higher
Business asks are unclear at times
Advice: Hire less business
Pros: Days off
Work life balance
Benefit and the coverage

Cons: Incompetent managers, less growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work as a new college grad

Cons: - Recent pay boost for entry level developers has been very nice, however, pay could still increase with the industry
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: - Overall laid-back atmosphere, allows for new software developers to learn
- 4% salary 401(K) match, with a 4% salary 401(K) gift.

Cons: Some managers have very old school mentality and are stuck in their ways.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are great, technology is mostly good, very good work/life balance

Cons: - some weeks you work 50 hours
Advice: None
Pros: - great teammates and work culture 
- flexible with your own time 
- tons of opportunities for growth
-

Cons: Poor management, team leads, and downright negative individuals. Terrible union- no real representation.
Advice: Hire more qualified candidates for management, and not just people who you know will follow your every wish blindly- knowing that the choices you make are wrong.
Pros: Decent money, good health care, paid time off.

Cons: Not as many remote opportunities as some may like
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay for the area

Cons: Not enough pay and location
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance

Cons: Pay is not well and bonus too
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company
To work for

Cons: Low salary level and slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great management and work environment

Cons: They take your mental health, force 6-7 days on you, deny vacations, call you back from vacations. Hiring and promotions are based on who you know inside not your performance. You are required to be there minimum 9 hours per day, provide little to no training at all they call it baptize by fire. Force politics down your throat constantly.
Advice: RUN
Pros: Close proximity to my home

Cons: The more years of experience the less compensated you are compared to new employees and outside industry. No fair salary increases
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, vacation, 401k match

Cons: There needs to be less meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, hybrid work.  
Outstanding leadership.

Cons: No work life balance and no care for employees workload
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good but not worth the amount of work you have to put in.

Cons: Nothing much I an think of.
Advice: None
Pros: A very good working environment. Good peer relationship. Company allows to be more creative and independent thinker.

Cons: As with all large companies the salary/promotion process is very nebulous and unclear.
Advice: None
Pros: Mobility within the company is fantastic, you can really learn a lot from many different areas if you wish to do so

Cons: None that I have experienced yet
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and everyone is really easy/delightful to work with!

Cons: Sometimes it might take a while to make decisions due to the collaborate culture
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay
Generous benefits
Flexible working hours
Collaborative culture
Supportive teams

Cons: Multiple injuries to production members due to poor supervision by group leaders. Throughput of vehicle assembled vehicles with little regard to production personnel and quality.
Advice: Walk your talk.
Pros: Benefits are better than average in the area.

Cons: - While they are still remote they haven’t yet commit to being remote forever which is what I was looking for.
- Pay was lower than I would’ve hoped for
Advice: Go remote and pay more.
Pros: - Great environment 
- Loved my Manager and Coworker 
- Interesting enough work

Cons: Very big company with lots going on, so your role will be very defined and not as fast paced.
Advice: Keep work appropriately as an option forever
Pros: Great Opportunities to advance and explore various roles. Very competitive pay and strong leadership.

Cons: Plant work can be noisy, lots of walking so be prepared and ready to soak in as much information. Hourly employees can be aggressive because of their pay difference compared to salary workers.
Advice: None
Pros: The salary is very good, you get a lot of hands-on experience, working on different projects, and a vehicle discount.

Cons: Can possibly have slow career growth depending on team. Pay is sub-par if compared to other tech teams
Advice: None
Pros: Chill WLB. Great benefits. Supportive workplace

Cons: management can be hit or miss depending on your direct manager
Advice: None
Pros: company has a clear vision

Cons: Long hours, no A/C, hard in body, boring, long
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits, good pay, good people, nice parking, good snacks

Cons: bad leadership, no sense of direction
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB and good benefits.

Cons: Lots of overtime then potentially long lay offs. If you're low seniority then job security can be an issue along with a schedule that can swing drastically. Company seems to like outsourcing/automating more positions so be wary of that. Not a lot of room to grow and its easy to feel stuck in place or stagnant.
Advice: Better communication between management and the production staff.
Pros: Hard to beat the pay scale and benefits package, it'll motivate you to stay. The job isn't too stressful overall. Having a job you can leave at the door is a benefit in itself as well.

Cons: it was good pay but took over my life.
Advice: None
Pros: working at general motors was ok

Cons: There are little ways to set yourself apart
Advice: None
Pros: Industry standard pay for the field

Cons: More Women supervisors in the shops
Advice: None
Pros: Communication Salary Incentive and Product

Cons: None at this current time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at.

Cons: W o r k politics
Advice: None
Pros: nice 401K benefit
Good number of PTO, sick leaves

Cons: Benefits were not great, could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment was sometimes tough

Cons: The large company means that processing will take longer.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a large company however the managers care about you and your growth

Cons: Not amazing pay and not a ton of work
Advice: N/A
Pros: Good pay, benefits, not overworking , and job security

Cons: Work life balance does not exist in the battery org. at GM. Deadlines are unrealistic with things being pushed out without properly doing the necessary engineering work. There is a lot of confusion as to goals and requirements in the group as well. I would advise anyone to avoid the battery group at GM like the plague. This group has high turnover and everyone who has joined this group regrets it.
Advice: Have realistic deadlines so engineering can properly do development work.  The new chief engineer in the battery org. is very abusive and aggressive and to lower level employees and needs to go.  The way you are operating this company by taking a short term approach will all but guarantee that Toyota will leave you in the dust.
Pros: Flexibility to work from home and overall nice people.

Cons: Computer malfunction projected goals actual material
Advice: None
Pros: Warehouse Stand Stoop Walk Sit

Cons: Long hours and not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good people to work with

Cons: It's a BIG company, so sometimes navigating its systems is challenging.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.  I am confident that GM will continue to be a leader in innovation and inclusivity.
Pros: Innovative thinking to ensure competitive advantage. 
Diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are impressive. 
GM Employees take pride in being part of GM and they are delighted to welcome new hires into the GM Family.
Great benefits with a focus on wealth generation.

Cons: - upper management takes a long while to make decisions, if they ever do
- sometimes there's catering to the older people that work there, resulting in GM not keeping with the times and losing new talent
Advice: None
Pros: - good pay (at least for entry level)
- great benefits and PTO/holidays
- offers full relocation assistance
- good work life balance (at least depending on the manager)

Cons: no issues working at GM.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, friendly people.

Cons: Favoritism in promotions
Performance reviews biased
Older workers not valued
Advice: Workforce needs to a balance of senior and newer staff.
Pros: Flexible work options
Great benefits 
Customer focus

Cons: Pay could be a bit more although they have tried to remediate that recently.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Great work life balance
Great coworkers
Nothing to complain about, it's the perfect job.

Cons: Pay raises can be minimal
Advice: None
Pros: It's what you make it

Cons: - Still some remnants of bureaucracy and old tools
- Difficult to actually get roles you want when trying to move around bc people already have folks on their team they want to move up
Advice: Some honest work is needed to ensure top talent is allowed to move around, learn new things on the job, to develop leadership from within.

Diversity within the director level drops and I know it’s a focus area, but progress needs to be made soon.
Pros: Amazing benefits (grad school, parental leave, health ins, etc)
Ability to move around within company
Year-end profit sharing
Lot of new business areas

Cons: Disorganized at times with lack of communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for work required.

Cons: don't have any thing specific
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work culture, management and people

Cons: We work 6 days per week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and medical benefits

Cons: Nothing particular wish they can pay better
Advice: None
Pros: Super chill about working from home

Cons: Nothing major actually to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and friendly team

Cons: Upper management seems to be always be chasing the next buzz word in the field without fully comprehending the effort to get there. It's a problem when most upper management are not technical.

Salary is low for the role with no real means of upward mobility unless you want to play a managerial role.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - great health insurance, hsa policy, generous PTO, wfh, great work life balance.

Cons: Very political, good ole boys(really girls) network
Advice: Embrace disagreement
Pros: Standardized work is well
Defined. Easy to do your job

Cons: Can't really think of anything bad. It's a very good first job as a software developer.
Advice: None
Pros: Managers are very understanding.
As a college new hire the team environment was great.
Good work life balance. Not overworked.

Cons: Uncertainty of having to go into the office.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, pretty good salary, nice benefits, and some cool people to work with and learn from.

Cons: To many meetings.
You need to go through a lot of hoops to get stuff done.
Advice: None
Pros: Liked working with the people there.
The pay was pretty good

Cons: too much bureaucracy and too many people in upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good technology, wonderful people

Cons: do nothing days
low salary
low impact
will bait you in with interesting work then switch you
Advice: None
Pros: easy work
no one really cares what you do
can coast forever

Cons: Often placed on assignments with brand new technologies and unrealistic performance expectations
Advice: Place workers where there skills are, evaluate more ethically.
Pros: Big Company with great benefits

Cons: There are no cons lol
Advice: None
Pros: Job right off the bat and work with good people

Cons: Management rides u all day long
Advice: Just take a step back and let the workers do what they do
No more micromanaging
Pros: Easy work and laid back

Cons: Temps have no days off, I told my manager in advance that I would be unable to come into work and was given an unsatisfactory on my record at the company. When I was sick unable to come to work the next week I was terminated on the spot.
Advice: Maybe try to give temps a little more wiggle room? employees are doing fine but temps cant even get a day off for personal reasons.
Pros: Great benefits, welcoming environment, overall good place to work

Cons: Culture going wrong direction, micro-managing metrics
Advice: Pay everyone more
Pros: Lots of opportunity, decent pay (until recently)

Cons: Overtime pay and straight time pay are not much different
Advice: None
Pros: As an engineer work and hours are very flexible

Cons: Work life balance can be tough
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, lots of holidays/vacations. Good bonus

Cons: Nothing really major at all
Advice: None
Pros: Very chill job so far

Cons: Hard to move up within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall i am able learn a lot in the EV space and be able to add input effectively on various projects.

Cons: Trying to be cutting edge and efficient (aka cutting resources), most people I know working at GM have too much on their plate and it’s infeasible to do in any semblance of a normal work day. Very little work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting product; many wonderful and intelligent coworkers; the company is so large that you can have many different jobs all within the company!

Cons: Pay is not great for the area
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is accepting, kinda, and Work Life Balance

Cons: Lot of new competing initiatives
Advice: None
Pros: Technically diverse and cutting edge technology

Cons: As a DRE, I found that I did very little design work. Most of my time is spent in meetings, learning the million systems that GM has, and just being bored with the lack of purpose. I'm in a minimum of 5 to 6 hours of meetings a day, with some days being a solid 8 or 9 hours.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are simply amazing at GM and the bonus structure is very generous. Probably the most generous of the Big Three. The position is Hybrid, but I'm largely working fully remote at this point.

Cons: -mostly remote
-give you a housing stipend that isn’t nearly enough to cover housing in the Warren area
Advice: None
Pros: -give you meaningful work that will challenge you and help you learn
-good company culture. Everyone is friendly, approachable, and wants to help
-free swag

Cons: Women are discriminated based on gender. Mary Barra was pointed CEO to cover up the discrimination that continues in GM
Advice: None
Pros: Quick Decision Making and Execution

Cons: Hard to move up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule and understanding

Cons: It is tough to get IT support in GM online
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and friendly environment in group

Cons: terrible company if im being honest
Advice: None
Pros: decent start out pay and good experience

Cons: Mostly IT (non development) positions
Advice: None
Pros: Latest development tech; high talent level; unheard 401k match at 8%

Cons: Pay is below market for this position
Advice: None
Pros: Strong 401k matching (2% paid for every 1% paid by employee up to 4%)
16-19 paid holidays per year
3 weeks vacation year partial year - first full year. 4 weeks vacation
Great medical. Inclusion culture is strong. IT culture is improving.

Cons: lower than market pay
slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: has great work life balance
various lateral learning opportunities

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, game changing, inclusive, team oriented

Cons: There was no cons. All pro
Advice: None
Pros: Cool loved it. Great place

Cons: Management sucks. Especially when you do your job and do not fit in.
Advice: Each individual should be treated with respect. Defiance GM sucks.
Pros: Pay is cool for what you do.

Cons: You are given 3 weeks of vacation but forced to use 1 during summer shutdown even when you don't work at or with the plant. No other OEM (Ford or Stellantis) does this. Essentially you only have 2 weeks of vacation. HR is awful, they don't practice what they preach as far as "GM Behaviors". If you go to HR about behavior not aligned with this you are treated as if you are the problem. Make sure that you find out the work hours before you start. Had a manager try to dictate work hours after I had been on the job several weeks. Had I known about the work hours and the forced vacation before I took the job, this would have been a deal breaker for me. Once I moved to a new position that was a higher band than I was hired in as was told that I could not get the higher level or salary because I was "too new to the company". 401k match is not vested until 3 years - no proration. Benefits are not that great. Your only options are high deductible plans. There are many issues with this company that I have seen so far. GM culture is not for me...I would never advise anyone to work here.
Advice: Stop forcing vacations during summer shutdown,  Either let people use their vacation as they choose or give more vacation or paid holiday time.  Listen to new hires and their experiences with the group they have been hired into.  If there is a particular schedule that needs to be worked it needs to be listed on the posting ALWAYS. 401k match should be vested 100% immediately like some others have done.  If a candidate successfully is offered a position at a higher level, they should not be denied the higher band or pay that was listed on the posting simply because of tenure.  That is discrimination - again going against GM behaviors.  You want to be employer of choice but those things alone are deal breakers for me.
Pros: Career opportunities. There seems to be many opportunities to move around and learn new things.

Cons: Temp period is can be a little annoying as you can be shuffled from job to job at will. As a temp you get no sick days and very little vacation. Everything gets better once you get hired in as a GM employee (approx. 2 years as a temp)
Advice: This is for the upper management…hire the temps
Pros: Lots of voluntary overtime, some mandatory. Good place if you like to work.

Cons: HR is still catching up with what's important to EEs.
Advice: None
Pros: Intense and diverse experiences - no shortage of rewarding problems to solve

Cons: Mid to upper level dev talent is lacking. Low expectations can be a con if you’re the type to coast. Incentives to stay sort of runs out past vesting period.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s an excellent place to start your career. Plenty of learning opportunities and expectations for new hires are laughably low for the pay. It’s a large company so your experience will vary wildly depending on team.

Cons: Poor process
Lots of maintenance 
Pay is below average
Advice: None
Pros: Good Bonus
Friendly team
Mostly Greenfield

Cons: Job Security subject to market fluctuations
Advice: Transparency
Pros: Job Flexbility, Automotive benefits - discounts on vehicles, and parts.

Cons: Little to no guidance
Behind in technology compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Easy/Low Expectations
Lots of new grads
Can have good manager

Cons: Takes a long time to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Changing the culture to be more modern

Cons: Training takes a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Great team

Cons: *It's a hard company to move up in. 
*Depending on department you work in, managers/team members may not be the most helpful
*Often times, the hardwork you do goes unnoticed, overlooked, or someone else claims it and doesn't give you credit.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Benefits, 401K Matching, PTO, Paid Holidays, 12 weeks fully paid maternity/paternity leave

Cons: Tons of management, overloaded engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, good team atmosphere, challenging and fast-paced environment

Cons: Time consuming, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, compensation, benefits, people

Cons: Cost Structure, Silos, Team Culture
Advice: Focus on developing elite action teams and empower them.
Pros: Compensation, Work Life Balance, People

Cons: Only downside is location (which is subjective). Southeast Michigan isn't the worst, but there are certainly better places to live. If GM was located somewhere with better year-round weather, I'd probably work here for my whole career.
Advice: My experience with management has only been pleasant. Every manager I've had at GM has been great, and only helped in moving my career forward.
Pros: GM is a great employer. Its a very welcoming culture, and a vast wealth of knowledge which enables career growth. The pay is competitive, and they offer bonuses/raises every year based on personal and company performance.

Cons: I didn’t have any negative experience at all
Advice: Listen to your customers and more importantly listen to your team
Pros: Manufacturers Support and very progressive company to work for

Cons: With every large company there is some red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of vacation time. Hours are 9 to 5. Pay is good. Advancement is possible based on solid results

Cons: Limited promotion opportunities. Need to work by yourself for the most of the time.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly. A lot of freedom to choose what you want to work on. A lot of resources available for you to use. You can work on your own pace.

Cons: Pay is way too low… also gm prioritize new hires over folks who has been here longer
Advice: Treat people who stuck with you for years better. Otherwise, don’t be surprised if people start looking elsewhere
Pros: Great people, managers and benefits

Cons: None I can say at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for.

Cons: Sucks the office doesn’t have free coffee
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company and I love working here

Cons: They use the brand to pay less than expected
Advice: None
Pros: Good Mission and great people to work for

Cons: Disparity in various roles are staggering.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, autonomy, opportunities for growth.

Cons: General Motors work schedule is not consistent for part time workers
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors offer great pay

Cons: Can get really hectic and crazy depending on the team you are in.
Not a very accountable culture. Many people (especially those in positions of authority) get away with a lot of things.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of PTO, holidays, sick time, etc.
8% 401k matching
Good WLB if you get lucky with the team
Emphasis on safety

Cons: Have to go into the office
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good coworkers. Work life balance

Cons: Sometimes it’s easy to get lost in a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible Environment, great people, and lots of opportunities to learn

Cons: Wages have been stagnant for 20 years. The wear and tear on your body isn’t worth $30 in todays money
Advice: Manufacturing doesn’t have to be lame. Find ways to make it cool. Include some team building. Rent out an amusement park or golf course make it fun
Pros: Insurance and profit share is nice

Cons: Drama. Micro Management. Forced overtime
Advice: Treat your workers like they are the backbone of the company that they are!
Pros: Close drive. Good bonuses. Lots of overtime available

Cons: Work can be stressful
Someone from the company has the answers but you have to find it
Advice: A little bit of better direction from management
Pros: People are helpful
Rotating between different roles to figure out where you fit in

Cons: There is no work life balance. Currently the schedule is 11 hours, 5 days a week.  Jobs are hard on your body, and the work is over loaded. Prepare to be laid off a lot. If you are hired after 2008 you will receive NO pension, or healthcare after you retire.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and profit share paid yearly.

Cons: GM requires about 60 hours a week
Advice: None
Pros: GM provides alot of training

Cons: Hard to get promoted even when you deserve it.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Love the people I work with.

Cons: lots of paperwork, incompetent team members/engineers, repetitive/frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Problem Solving, fast paced manufacturing environment, ability to work your way up, good pay.

Cons: I have nothing negative to say at all about working for General Motors
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Shift Times, Bonus, Culture, Work-Life Balance

Cons: Lots of growth opportunities but hard to move up from “levels”
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, encourages you to not be scared to speak up.

Cons: difficult to move around unless you make significant effort in developing your skills. It does not seem like they hire and promote internally but rather go a lot for external prospects rather than spend time training internal employees
Advice: some managers can be difficult on employees but that has changed drastically with more support which should be kept up and increased where possible
Pros: management now has started to listen to staff more. They help you improve your working ability with one on one meetings and understand your needs and priorities.

Cons: there is no cons if you're under right team
Advice: na
Pros: option to explore new technology

Cons: Writing this review is legitimately triggering a bout of frustration and anger. I hated working here. My 2 years at the company showed me such glaring ineptitude, apathy, and toxicity, that I used my final bonus from the company to short it’s own stock. Absolutely would not recommend considering this employer.
Advice: Clean house, re-hire better people and don’t try to make them move to Detroit. You pay well enough to have legitimately impressive talent.
Pros: GM pays well, especially when you consider the bonuses, and the expectations are laughably low (may be a positive for some people)

Cons: People aren't very welcoming
Your performance is based on other managers perception of you
When you reach out for help, they tell you to help yourself
Advice: Develop better practices and hire better managers
Pros: New College Hire program
Ping pong table

Cons: Can’t make them fast enough to sell
Advice: No advice for management
Pros: Great vehicles and updates for the new models

Cons: Compensation could be more competitive
Team growth needs to improve but the learning curve is quite steep, takes 6+ months to get up to speed.
Advice: Try to ensure you keep talented engineers from leaving due to extremely competitive pay offers.
Pros: Amazing leadership, open and direct style. Fun and interactive teams. Silo effects are going away and one team mentality is shining through. Good career discussions and paths to succeed.

Cons: Dirty, dangerous, physically taxing, poor management
Advice: Treat employees like human beings
Pros: You get a pay check Union

Cons: Lack of contribution between team
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company to work for

Cons: Sometimes you have too little work and sometimes you’re working 60 hour weeks
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance
Hybrid
You will learn a ton

Cons: Can feel like an outsider on certain engineering teams if you are not interested in cars. If you want to still work in the traditional ICE area, not a lot of opportunities. Specific to development program, 6-month rotations can feel too short at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Development program gives new graduates out of school a wide variety of experiences and the ability to see different areas of the company. Company and management encourage learning opportunities. Competitive base salary and benefits package a well.

Cons: There are too many to mention on this corrupt satanic toxic abusive harassment treating you like your a 4th grader.
Advice: You belong at Walmart in the housekeeping department managing woman’s tampons!!!
Pros: The pros are non existent so why ask!?

Cons: Very large company where you are, generally, very far removed from the finished product
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, stable company thatsinvesting in the EV market

Cons: Salary can be better and more competetive
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed and comfortable work place

Cons: No Room For Advancement unless Relocation
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Great Benefits, Work Duties

Cons: A bit more bureaucratic than expected
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of learning opportunities within the company

Cons: Moving up is more by years of experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary
Great place to start your career 
Discount on products

Cons: Usually had to work seconds or thirds. The pay was decent about $17-18.
Advice: Collin Host was a fantastic manager.
Pros: Organized, repeatable day in and day out. Young workforce "felt like college." Little pressure from management. Everyone got a long and joked, laughed all day.

Cons: unmotivated lazy workers spoil it
Advice: None
Pros: brilliant driven people work here

Cons: Very clean quite people are very nice
Advice: None
Pros: Air conditioning very clean environment

Cons: Sometimes the re-org can be time-wasting and frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, good benefits, and good career development paths

Cons: Hostile work environment, insane work hours. 6-7 days a week of working for years, they did not take harrassment at work seriously , when reported. It may be different now.
Advice: Listen to worker complaints. There were alot of us who were pushed to the side when it came to harrassment, that would happen in several different areas of the plant. Mainly coming from Group leaders.
Pros: Great benefits, PTO and sick leave, and profit sharing was amazing.

Cons: Promotions are not there One has to be connected to be promoted
Advice: NA
Pros: Work-life balance, decent benefits. Culture is awesome

Cons: none thanks this was great
Advice: None
Pros: great company it was awesome I love it

Cons: Subject to cyclical nature of the auto industry.
Advice: Be genuine. Empower team members.
Pros: Work-life balance, leading the auto industry in AV and EV technology, good bonus structure, broad technological needs, flexible work arrangements.

Cons: Non flexible company, and some time employees was excluded
Advice: Try to take advantage related global companies and your locations and employees.
Pros: Environment for continuing improvement and good practices for health worker

Cons: Lack of Leadership, secrecy among middle managers, bad management, below par marketing strategies in promoting their cutting-edge features in their vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, compensation, benefits, work culture

Cons: The Management, at all Levels, have very little accountability and pass the buck in regards to responsibility.
Advice: Live by the corporate model and embrace the real meaning of Teamwork.
Pros: When you leave the building. The job stays at the building.

Cons: Not as cool as Tesla
Advice: Keep listening to employees and don't revert to the "Old GM".
Pros: Pay, Bonus, Benefits are all top notch. Career path can take you anywhere you want. Very accommodating for remote work. Management under Mary Barra has done an excellent job of listening to employees and making changes for the better. Great company to work for.

Cons: Management style is very old school manufacturing. You might have to work Night Shift
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and salary. Lots of movement in roles

Cons: Sometimes I felt like I wasn't contributing to anything that mattered
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good job

Cons: lower salary compared to most tech companies if you're in software
Advice: None
Pros: Hard to move up in the company. Lots of old processes

Cons: They don't always practice what they preach.
Advice: Stay for a few years, learn as much as you can and take that knowledge to a more fair and equitable organization. If you are not related to someone important on a high level,  you're  probably going not be promoted to a high level.
Pros: Great place to learn the correct way to do things.

Cons: Challenging political times and change, difficult for knowledge management
Advice: None
Pros: Good size firm with full enterprise framework

Cons: working on silo. very few opportunity to grow.
Advice: give more responsibility to your team.
Pros: good policy, good benefit and salary.

Cons: not enough people to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: culture is really really good

Cons: Hard to move up, because its old company lot of people are here,
Advice: None
Pros: Not much work pressure, good work life balance

Cons: Leaders lack knowledge of industry
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, work from home

Cons: Given the aggressive push towards EV, it's surprising to see that lot of Chief Engineers and Directors don't seem to have domain expertise and it's impacting decisions
The other problem is everyone is stretched so thin in terms of resources, its starting to impact decisions
Advice: Hire the right people for the job, someone with expertise in the EV space if you want to be successful. 
Hire enough people to do the job so that people have time to perform due-diligence.
Pros: Current CEO, Mary Barra, is making gutsy decisions which I really admire. The switch to EV is encouraging.

Cons: Very slow paste, no progression, boring jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, no overtime, low workload

Cons: Not much to hate. Good Company
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits with Good Pay

Cons: Sometime the work is boring
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn a lot knowledge

Cons: - Not always easy to find/locate needed business resources

-Hard to connect with team, especially now that a lot of work is virtual

-Middling pay/benefits for a data scientist role relative to the industry
Advice: -Resource availability and locations need to be better organized and communicated to teams (e.g. central repository, index).
Pros: - With its push to EV, there're a lot of new, interesting projects that employees can take on to advance their careers. Plus, management, at least from my experience, is open to new 
endeavors.

- Teams are generally agreeable and collaborative.

-The available computing resources/tools are comprehensive

Cons: I love my company - None
Advice: None
Pros: Aggressively looks to the future.

Cons: Work can get boring and can drag on.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and upward progression

Cons: Corporate world, glut of middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, remote work

Cons: Culture, Ability to make change, Ability to train and grow
Advice: Hire a 3rd party consulting firm to change the culture and advance productivity
Pros: Good pay, Automotive, Location, Many Vehicle Lines

Cons: Slow start as a new hire
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, work life balance

Cons: Slow moving and uses old technology 
Too many off hand calculations for a large organization
Takes advantage of finance staff and overworked
Advice: Practice what you preach and really focus on works/life balance. It is shouted from the upper management but never makes it down to the employee.
Pros: Good compensation and benefits
Exposure to upper management

Cons: Raises don't keep up with inflation. Still kind of thwarted DEI growth, although, from my perspective best in industry. (at least they try, somewhat) Need to work more on accountability.
Advice: Hold mid level management and staff more accountable.
Pros: Flexibility. Growth, Advancement opportunities. Fair starting wages

Cons: Rapidly changing and potential unknown job changes.
Advice: Recognize more employees for a job well done.
Pros: Growth and advancement. Great compensation for hard work.

Cons: Kill your body get o lot injury
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit good health benefits , union

Cons: Big company but great atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: Paying less than market value
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work at.

Cons: 6 days and overtime unpredictable
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a job

40 hrs mostly

Cons: Lower Pay than top companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance; non stressful

Cons: Poor work life balance especially when working in the plant
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits
Profit Sharing
Competitive wages

Cons: not very many vacation days
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance, and everyone is super nice

Cons: carree development
team work
good enviroment
paternal leave
Advice: None
Pros: lots of work
overtime
early hours
lots of bosses

Cons: They keep increasing line speed despite protests from the workers on the line who can’t keep up.
Advice: Listen to your workers.
Pros: Seniority workers get good benefits and health insurance is one of the best available in the country.

Cons: A few opportunities for seasoned engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for younger engineers

Cons: Pay. They pay so low below average austin starting software devs.

Hired too many people. Not enough work to go around and when there is work it is not interesting, software engineer career building work.
Advice: Don't expect new hires to sit around for a year and half before you have meaningful work for them.
Pros: Very low stress. There seem to be very low expectations. Lots of new hires to interact with.

Cons: A member of HR preys upon vulnerable, married woman.
Advice: Look into HR personnel in the month of April
Pros: Good company, good benefits, stable

Cons: Lots of hours. Lots of days.
Advice: Great place to earn a living. Wish they would employ people quicker to fill holes.
Pros: Professional and respectful friendly environment. Awesome engineering.

Cons: Traveling too much and lack of resources
Advice: None
Pros: Car for free. Travel a lot.

Cons: Could move to a 32 hour work week
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive pay
Diversity and inclusion is a priority
Team mentality 
12 weeks parental leave

Cons: Detached management in IT, leading projects they do not understand.
Advice: Need more technical understanding in leadership.
Pros: Good Benefits and lots of holidays throughout the year.

Cons: Best place so far to work
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation, leadership , benefits, work

Cons: none at this moment, that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: love it here and want to stay for the long haul

Cons: Stress level is extremely high.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is high for the area

Cons: Bureaucracy that can sometimes deter work efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: A global company with diverse opportunities

Cons: Large bureaucracy, large workload, high pressure environment to reduce cost and timing.
Advice: Define consistent requirements and enforce them with data and examples.  Understand that when you decrease design time, quality and cost will suffer.
Pros: Great medical and 401k benefits. Helpful culture. Good mentorship, opportunities to speak to mid/upper management.

Cons: Requires a lot of work. The on-site campus could be improved.
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: The benefits are solid. The company has a lot of diversity and culture. The staff are very knowledgeable and always willing to help.

Cons: not enough pay for industry

so slow and feels like not getting my career path
Advice: Distribute work more efficiently... you are wasting so much human resource.
Pros: work life balance

good enough pay for area

remote work

Cons: Culture is starting deteriorate, Salaries are well below industry averages.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty Good Benefits. Nice People.

Cons: No work/life balance
In plant employees not treated as well as techcenter
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Insurance
Bonus
Coworkers
Not much else

Cons: Some management members should retire
Advice: need to offer better benefits package
Pros: work from home option available

Cons: Non that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Culture 
Benefits 
Pay
Growth 
Innovation

Cons: salary is not very attractive
Advice: None
Pros: good work time/spare balance at GM

Cons: The typical large company cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, flexible work hours.

Cons: This company has Low work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: This company had Good Work Culture

Cons: More perks to provided to employees like other technology companies
Advice: provide more perks to attract and retain employees
Pros: Great work and life balance

Cons: bulky system with a few built in bottle necks and not a ton of clearly defined practices if you run into any issues with the normal process flow.
Advice: Invest in the team and reorg to level the team up.
Pros: Great work life balance, competitive pay, excellent benefits, investments in tech to streamline the process. Much more like a PM than a traditional recruiter role.

Cons: Revolving door training other staff, without any help for support. But managed to get them certified on equipment and task that was needed for operations
Advice: None
Pros: Learned how to dispose of chemicals and waste produced on plant site. Trained for CPR and any situation that may occur on productive site. Learned how to operate special equipment such as fork lifts, bobcats, tuggers, Ariel lifts, walk behind for general cleaning such as floor scrubbers

Cons: The pay was low for awhile, but they recently adjusted it
Advice: None
Pros: I have learned a lot

Cons: Job was redundant which lead to it quickly becoming boring and had variables you were graded on outside of your direct control. A lot of meetings that could be handled with emails.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job. Large peer group. Great access to higher ups. Focused on positive culture. Pay

Cons: Salary is terrible (I make about 50% less than people with the same experience at other companies)
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is amazing
Benefits are great
Work environment is great

Cons: A lot of meetings. Many process related roadblocks. Small fish big pond. Forced vacation week of 4th of July.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. A lot of training and education resources. Flexible remote work. Inclusive and progressive culture. Challenging work. Excellent company vision. Transparent and approachable leadership.

Cons: All positive and no negative comments
Advice: None
Pros: Good company
Good work life balance
No work pressure

Cons: After a while, the work seems repeatitive as new tasks seem less and less challenging. Pay is average at best for this role.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a huge amount of new hires just like me who are new to the industry. I got to network and connected with many folks just like me while growing as a developer under an amazing team.

Cons: Can sometimes be slow and rooted in practices that have developed over its history.
Advice: None
Pros: Many different opportunities to do different things throughout the entire business. Engineering, manufacturing, design, finance. Working rapidly towards converting a high percentage of its business to EVs.

Cons: Hard to move up. Beuaracracy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and salary. Holidays and vacation

Cons: TC is fairly low considering market rates at other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Team I am on is friendly and helpful

Cons: Work environment, wages, culture, equipment, retirement
Advice: Some upgrades all around would be welcome.  Especially fork truck batteries
Pros: Benefits all all I can think of

Cons: The bosses don’t care they talk about everyone behind everyone’s back.. they move around the managers a lot so not sure who will be in charge.. the full timers can do what ever they want the part timers or always on thin ice.
Advice: Should really look at your employees more u would see a lot if u actually stopped and paid attention
Pros: The people are nice in some areas

Cons: Never anything bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Low pay, favoritism, add to many jobs to one job. Union doesn’t fight for you it’s a big scam
Advice: None
Pros: field day, that’s pretty much it

Cons: Management sucks and you barely see your family
Advice: None
Pros: Making lots of money with overtime

Cons: - No cons in my opinion especially if you're just starting out
Advice: None
Pros: - Amazing Stipend
- Great Mentorship

Cons: agile isn't exactly as it appears in the books here.
Advice: None
Pros: Work at your own pace and learn a lot

Cons: takes a lot of time barely any days been a temp for over a year
Advice: None
Pros: if you have no life or no skill i recommend this because they give lots of overtime for easy work

Cons: The trade off is that the company pays below market value

Exceeding expectations is rarely rewarded
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits,
good work life balance

Cons: -None, None, None, None, None
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexibility, decent pay, multiple internal opportunities

Cons: Politics everywhere. Trust no one. Never try to do more. Toxic.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work. High code standards.

Cons: They have very hard labored jobs and it will take a toll on your body
Advice: None
Pros: They start paying at $16/hour and limit you to 32 hours a week which leaves you some free time

Cons: Management is more worried about there WPO audits and taping squares on the floor then they are with the actual job at hand.
Advice: Actually do your job instead of just looking for the next check mark on your resume
Pros: Its a job with a steady pay check

Cons: I cant think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: its a great, love the remote work

Cons: low salary for Staff members
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for entry level

Cons: Under resourced
work-life imbalance
Not Agile for fast changing markets
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is competitive
Legacy based with Evolving culture of innovation

Cons: Hard to get into managerial positions
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company to work for

Cons: Repetitive work that is seniority based
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance with union environment

Cons: Tough work environment
Upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, bonuses, and benefits

Cons: Large organization can be tough to move within
Too many levers and approvals to make any change
Advice: None
Pros: Remote Work
Competitive salary
Great benefits
Fair bonus structure
People are nice
Decent work life balance

Cons: Executive leadership politics, old white men in senior leadership positions promoting their own kind and cliques, way too much focus on process than real innovation
Advice: Stop doing DEI lip service
Pros: Excellent benefits, respectful coworkers, decent salaries

Cons: Slow to change and develop new tech.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with some of the best automotive engineers in the world

Cons: Slow career development for some, lack of diversity in high-level positions, slow to change.
Advice: Diversify the leadership, not only in demographics, but in approach to the business. Develop your talent!
Pros: Great products, great pay, and fairly stable industry.

Cons: leadership doesnt listen to lower employees
Advice: None
Pros: great company and work environment. Great health benefits

Cons: Not many cons unless you want to excel and move upward then sometimes management is difficult to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: If GM is your first job then it's a good fit for you. They offer holiday pay, time off, bonus pay and remote work.

Cons: Union hated you, teated like a second hand salary employee
Advice: Have a career plan for this job
Pros: Good benefits, good experience, nice people

Cons: Went in the crapper after I left.....
Advice: None
Pros: Went well for the time I was there.....

Cons: Engineering positions are far from Detroit
Advice: None
Pros: Nice compensation for job out of university

Cons: Injuries, carpal tunnel, you probably will be on a over loaded job.
Advice: None
Pros: Union shop, profit sharing, insurance benefits are the best

Cons: The pay is about as low as you will find
Advice: Higher pay and better lease purchase options
Pros: Best Insurance you will find

Cons: Working every Saturday just bc they give great benefits
Advice: Stop working every Saturday and do every other Saturday
Pros: Benefits and the pay after you put in your time goes up to 33

Cons: Most managers do not come from SW background .
Can be very slow with heavy (old-school) processes
Advice: None
Pros: Usually good life work balance

Cons: Not a great place to learn the latest tech
Advice: None
Pros: Decent place to get experience right out of college

Cons: Constantly worried about lay off
Advice: I have nothing to say
Pros: You could earn a lot of money

Cons: Does not always value experience when they need to
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, excellent salary, excellent 401k

Cons: push back from hiring managers on use of new tech makes hiring challenging in some areas
Advice: Continue to promote from within!
Pros: Great culture, access to top recruiting tech, work life balance, fair pay/bonus structure, supportive leadership, balanced workload

Cons: This company has an archaic way of doing things.
Management is terrible.
Advice: Management needs to understand that people are not just a number on a computer screen.
Pros: Company pays well and has great benefits

Cons: Automotive is generally volatile. When it's good it's great when it's bad expect layoffs in some form or another.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and benefits were great especially right out of college.

Cons: Process and team structure are not as stable as expected.
Advice: None
Pros: Abundant innovation opportunities and colleagues are friendly and supportive. The company encourage inclusive culture.

Cons: -Had to support weekends throughout the year
-Line between controls engineer and technician gets blurred a lot
Advice: None
Pros: -Management is has realistic expectations and invests in employees
-Lot of weekend OT

Cons: At times stressful work environment caused heavy workload
Advice: Mandatory leadership training for all managers.
Pros: Multiple career opportunities and benefits

Cons: Work two saturdays on 1 off
Advice: None
Pros: Great place great team friendly environment

Cons: Lots of hours, 12 hour days 7 days a week
Advice: Lower the mandatory hours,  even 10 a day 7 days a week would work
Pros: Great environment, the employees are great to work with

Cons: not a lot of room to move up
Advice: None
Pros: great time and great WLB

Cons: It ok if you like it
Advice: None
Pros: Hours you don’t could work it 6 days a week mandatory

Cons: Not easy to move to next role
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Internal Job opportunities, Remote working, Good work life balance

Cons: Small pay increases
Difficult to move up
Advice: Not much, they are doing great
Pros: Schedule flexibility
Slow pace
Lenient dress code

Cons: heavy workload and less work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: open company and allows internal job rotation.

Cons: A lot of hours, would sometimes work 60 hrs/wk
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Potential to maximize earnings

Cons: Hard labor and high rotation of management. Female managers seem to be less respected by their male counterparts.
Advice: Create a sense of stability and boost moral.
Pros: Good pay very good benefits

Cons: Configuration management and number of product lines
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, collaborative environment, and benefits

Cons: airpot commute, managment,food caftatefira, bob,
Advice: rip it down, start over, five times, then do it again,
Pros: parking lot, orientation, pay, union, 3 weeks, probatuon,

Cons: Work is boring and outdated.
Advice: None
Pros: amazing benefits, work life balance, great culture, good pay

Cons: Nothing really as of right now
Advice: None
Pros: I just started here and I really like it! Every other company seems to treat contract house like poop and I like it here

Cons: hours and lack of respect from superiors
Advice: treat your bottom tier employees better
Pros: There is a lot of room for growth, good benefits, raises, profit sharing,’

Cons: Low pay  and difficult to get promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, flexible location for work (before COVID), great team, lots of work but fun, high exposure to management, no micromanagement

Cons: -Work over load
-Fluctuating work schedule
-High level of stress
Advice: None
Pros: -High Salary
-Professional team members

Cons: Constant confusion with management, absolutely no accountability on anybody’s part. It’s extremely frustrating to want to grow in a company, but there is absolutely nothing to open a door for that to happen.
Advice: Delegating responsibility will always help to ensure the task at hand will be accomplished. Holding people accountable instead of being the friendly manager, which hurts the process at hand and creates a manipulative  environment where no one gets in trouble and nothing changes.
Pros: The pros would be the profit sharing, which GM matches a great percentage every year so that is helpful in many ways.

Cons: Company is trying to change but still feels like old school culture, lot of politics, organizational misalignment and long ways to go to become true tech company.
Advice: Change culture and adapt flexibility, don't just talk about work life balance when you can not provide one to employees.
Pros: Lot of exciting projects to work on and engaged in if you are in the right organization.

Cons: columnized organizations each with its own VP making it harder to get a decision approved unless you go up the chain. Decisions need to be decentralized.
Advice: empower employees to make decisions and invest in their personal and career growths.
Pros: Lots of opportunity to grow and move around teams IF your manager lets you go.

Cons: Work life balance could be improved in some areas. A very lean Company now
Advice: None
Pros: A changed Company from old GM

Cons: Dirty, Fast-paced, Loud, Tough, Exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Friendly, Managed-well, Quick, Opportunity

Cons: Long standing on feet and shift changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and profit shares

Cons: Pay is not the highest, but is definitely getting better.
Advice: None
Pros: Depending on your team great work life balance.

Cons: Promotional opportunities are slow for individuals who have been with the company for awhile.
Advice: None
Pros: Since COViD the ability to work from home or work appropriately.

Cons: lack of direction and scope
Advice: None
Pros: open to ideas and good team

Cons: Bullcrap software stack.
Ignorant management.
Slow grinding death.
Advice: None
Pros: Work on bullcrap software stack

Cons: Lots of restructuring over the last few years
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and grow, excellent benefits

Cons: Large corporate structure makes it hard to navigate and be efficient
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to learn different areas of specialties

Cons: -Work/life balance is non-existent
-Poor communication from leadership
Advice: Clear communication, Reduce forced overtime,
Pros: -Decent pay
-Superb health insurance
-Plenty of other benefits like tuition assistance, dental, vision, etc.

Cons: Aggressive timelines, long time to make transparent decisions at times
Advice: None
Pros: GM is more progressive and pushing for EV products of the future.

Cons: No work/life balance. 14+ hour days. 
Horrible managers. They take credit for your ideas and work. The people who brown nose and put on the pony show get promoted. 
Get ready to do literally everything. They have a responsibility model they do not follow.
Advice: Follow the values you preach. Promote from results. Listen to your teams and question your direct reports when things don’t add up.
Pros: Competitive Pay and Benefits Package

Cons: No room for growth or expansion. Senior manager explained the only way to transition into a different level 5 position is by “swapping” with someone from that team. They also mentioned not to bother applying for a level 6 position, as they will require three years of experience, which you will never be able to get since you are forced to stay in a QA position. “Rarely do people switch from QA to other positions or vice versa.” Was basically told to keep my head down and wait until I am out of this program in three years… QA is a pigeonhole for someone who wants to be more technical. The 5-10% pay raise is just a fantasy for people in the program, since GM starts you off at a lower pay scale. You are better off going with a different organization unless there are no other offers. They label it as a great thing, but it really is stifling you in the long run.
Advice: Remove the bureaucracy for NCH’s from being able to advance their career, especially if they can bring more to the table than what you people silo them into. Also, pay is far too low compared to market rate. Stop pretending the 5-10% raises are a godsend, when you purposely start people off with a low salary. Additionally, there is way too much blubber in the organization. Too many butts in seats with nothing to do. Too many people not enough work. There could easily be money saved by removing this excess fat.
Pros: 15 days PTO,
1500 HSA contribution, 
unlimited sick days, 
relocation bonus (up to 10k), 
far too good work life balance - maybe work an hour or two and do Netflix / gaming the rest of the time.
8k reimbursement for tuition at university for masters, PhD or bachelors. Exemption for certificates.
Dental / Health (varies by location - Aetna, BCBS).

Cons: You are limited to work on small pieces
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and life balance

Cons: No cons at this fine company
Advice: None
Pros: GM work culture is one of the best.

Cons: Daily tasks good work nice
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work nice offices

Cons: Management wants you to work 20 hours+ unpaid.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good benefits. Work is challenging.

Cons: No advancement opportunities exist currently
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay
Life insurance
Health insurance
Optical Insurance
Dental Insurance

Cons: advancement stops at technician level
Advice: None
Pros: career development, benefits, pay, retirement

Cons: Sometimes it's very difficult to complete testing of small aspects of large systems due to behemoth legacy code
Advice: Keep up the great work! I feel like I couldn't have picked a better first job!
Pros: Autonomy
Access to huge library of diverse learnings
Work appropriately policy

Cons: free time, pay compared to others
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture, Good pay, good benefit

Cons: Because we are WFH, we are expected to work more than 40 hours a week. More like 45+ due to “expectations since you’re not spending time commuting”
Advice: None
Pros: The work is interesting and feels meaningful. The company focuses on Diversity, equity, and inclusivity.

Cons: Dated tech stack and slow implementation
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome entry exposure to various tech resources:
SQL
Java
Shell Scripting

Cons: hard work, little fixability do to contract
Advice: Ok, but lots of managers that have never worked a hard day in there life.
Pros: Pay , benefits , job security

Cons: Promotion are based on who u know not what you know
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of people to share work

Cons: Things can move pretty slow
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: there is nothing bad about general motors for me
Advice: None
Pros: very good company yes sir

Cons: Conflicting priorities between dependent organizations
Slow to adopt better or newer delivery processes
Many meetings to talk status instead of decisions
Advice: Connect fewer goals across organizations and allow metrics that roll up into those goals.
Decide more direction for conflicts rather than abdicate or request more data.
Pros: Great work life balance
Opportunities to create and innovate
Many options to focus on business or technology
Decent salary and good benefits

Cons: Driving to Warren, Mi from my home in Taylor, Mi became a very long drive.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay with raising every year plus bonus.

Cons: Manufacturing culture and management could improve.
Advice: None
Pros: The yearly Bonus is good.

Cons: Culture, multiple review layers, tedious and unnecessary requests
Advice: None
Pros: Advisors/mentors, big company - lots of opportunity to rotate

Cons: Slow to promote people to management.
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about their employees and their careers.

Cons: A bloated company filled with middle managers that block the company's progress. Directives come from leadership but then lower managers don't agree with the direction and stall progress.
Advice: Take your own goals about zero congestion, zero carbon, and zero crashes seriously.
Pros: A giant company that will allow you to move to different functions.

Cons: Everything, management needs help with personal accountability.
Advice: None
Pros: They are unionized and have  security.

Cons: -Hiring process hiccups
-sometimes slow responses from other employees
Advice: None
Pros: - Plenty of opportunities to learn
-Challenging assignments
-Independent work, but guidance is given when needed

Cons: Off shift, typical manufacturing grind.
Advice: Increase base pay for new production workers to create a better work environment. It puts a strain on the whole team when you aren't paying near enough to keep people. Many teams in my area are down on manpower every day because the entry level gig isn't good enough.
Pros: Great benefits, vacation, bonus and decent base pay.

Cons: Hard to get promoted at GM.
Advice: Provide real options to get promoted.
Pros: Good Work Life Balance is important.

Cons: Career favoritism to friends and the inner circle can hurt moral and hide true talent.
Advice: Stop cherry picking people for promotions and higher positions because they have a personal relationship with you.
Pros: Great benefits and ability to move around the org. 
Diversity of technology used and types of projects

Cons: Pay raises are on a slow fixed schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Team culture that fosters individual responsibility

Cons: Too much bureaucracy for me
Very large company and easy to get overlooked if you do make a deliberate effort
Advice: Continue doing your 1-on-1 meeting at least bi-weekly. I thought those were very helpful and meaningful.
Pros: Great work-life balance
opportunity to do interesting work if you seek it out and be patient
Many different ways to find and join with the company groups with similar interest

Cons: Has too much downtime sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: They really try to help you build your career

Cons: No free coffee was a bummer.
Advice: Better room for growth - I felt stuck in my current role with no ability to advance in my career.
Pros: Amazing 401K benefits and great co-workers.

Cons: Teams are compose of mainly new college hires.
Work life balance can be good or very bad base on the team you are on.
Lots of politics.
Software development best practices needs work.
Advice: Invest more in keeping engineers up to date with best practices
Pros: Good benefits and vacation policy.
Fun people to work with.

Cons: Sometimes workload can be highly intense depending on executive staffs and locations.
Advice: None
Pros: There are enough staffs to mentor junior developer

Cons: Some processes move to quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, exciting products and work

Cons: Workload seems to fluctuate significantly
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, flexible work schedule

Cons: Might require you to be
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible place to work at

Cons: After entry level, there is no room to grow here. Their mid-senior level salaries are not competitive and their IT talent reflects that
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, structured environment

Cons: Large company, too many management layers adding red tape to decision processes, evening meetings with global regions
Advice: None
Pros: Well paid, flexible work schedule

Cons: Too much to do. over whelming micromanaged sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: I really liked the bonuses and my team was amazing

Cons: Salary does not reflect years of service. Been with company 6 years. New hires are making more with no relevant experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Healthcare benefits are better than most

Cons: This place will destroy your soul
Advice: Spend more time taking care of your people, and less time worrying about your own career advancement
Pros: The pay and benefits are decent

Cons: All the right things are said about career development and advancement but the “action” in real life lacks. Very difficult to move functions and gain experience.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a lot of company pride and drive for results.

Cons: The bureaucracy can be overwhelming
Can there be any more processes and approvals
The new leadership has a laser like focus on diversity and inclusion - for white women
Advice: There are a lot of very capable Asian, Black and Latino men and women that can perform at high levels beyond stereotypical roles.
Pros: Access to the latest technology
Hope of working on Corvettes

Cons: Management only cares about management.
Advice: Pay attention to your workers. They are the reason that you have a job.
Pros: They offer a good benefits package

Cons: Lower end of pay scale
Advice: Continue with 100% remote
Pros: Generous PTO plus many holidays off, Remote work

Cons: One down side is burocrecy. It is hard to climb up ladders and promotion are difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture. And lot of innovation. Depends on what department you work for.

Cons: Not much company transparency and not a huge amount of ownership
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of cash, work from home when you want.

Cons: Some people just don't want to do work and with all of the red tape, it can make getting things done very difficult
Advice: Fire people that don't work
Pros: Great benefits, good opportunities to grow

Cons: sometimes not coding at all, depending on rotation
Advice: None
Pros: - 4 rotations for the first 2 years (6 months each)
- lots of different experiences

Cons: Too many people that work at GM that should not work there.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, usually good hours.

Cons: Can't find one, maybe in the future
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours and good life balance

Cons: Takes forever to get promoted, pay is low for anything tech related
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, good visibility and career mobility internally

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: People around are always willing to help and there is so much learn at this company.

Cons: With such a big company, there will be many layers of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Good training for new DREs such as myself 

Many interesting projects to sink your teeth into and interface with different experts in various departments 

Good work/life balance

Cons: Organization and division of workload could be better,
Advice: .
Pros: GM is the trendsetter, there is a lot that can be learned here.

Cons: Multiple tools and systems make the work complicated and redundant.
Advice: None
Pros: Look ahead, being innovative and creative

Cons: just the usual concerns about company future
Advice: keep moving to electric vehicles
Pros: Great comp package, nice co-workers

Cons: They pretend like they are inclusive while allowing regular non inclusive behavior
Advice: Don't make us come back to the office full time
Pros: Hybrid work
Decent pay and benefits

Cons: Platform for EVs is not stable.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company that won't disappear soon

Cons: None that I can note.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work/Life Balance and an excellent culture.

Cons: Nothing, my team and the higher-ups are awesome.
Advice: None
Pros: They are big on Safety for everyone, 
Great team, I always feel like I can ask anyone a question and not feel belittle or intimidated. My manager is awesome too. I love this company :)

Cons: Experience highly dependent on team supported
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to get experience in different fields

Cons: Not too many downsides depending on who your manager is. I've seen good managers and bad managers at GM.
Advice: None
Pros: Mentorship program, benefits, PTO is good

Cons: Lots of work often will be working late
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, managers and health insurance

Cons: Lot of work is expected
Lots of process to work through
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salaries
Good benefits
Good work culture

Cons: Generally low annual raises to market average
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance 
Yearly bonus

Cons: Needs to learn to stick to technology
Advice: None
Pros: Great open environment
Great managers and remote work.

Cons: Pay, pay, pay, pay ,pay
Advice: None
Pros: Remote, flexibility, work life balance

Cons: No concern with current employeer
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoy Work in General Mortors

Cons: Poor development of sales objectives, too many changes in managment and therefore priorities
Advice: Find needed initiatives and stick with them long enough to gain traction.
Pros: Flexibility, company car, good training program and opportunities for advancement or learning other functions.

Cons: NCH get thrown into a random dept
Advice: none at all to be honest
Pros: Work Life Balance
Pay is great
Healthy PTO and Unlimited sick days

Cons: Lower pay
Not much else
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
Good work life balance

Cons: There is a lot of resistance to change and some poor organization in certain teams
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, holidays off, good support for trying new things

Cons: Driving to Milford to receive vehicles.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Work from home and hybrid positions available.

Cons: Nothing negative at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Size of company can intimidate some
Advice: None
Pros: Strong culture and focus on DEI

Cons: none I found ..... ..
Advice: None
Pros: very good company .... ..

Cons: Can get lost with how many employees there are.
Advice: None
Pros: Good community, never left on your own.

Cons: Damage to body
Poor management 
Poor union
Micro management 
Over worked
Advice: Management could improve by having accountability. Taking ownership for mistakes or unknown information. Management could reward team members when numbers are met or for job well done. Stop micro managing the teams. Cancel all favoritism.
Pros: Benefits
Vacation time 
Diverse 
Bonuses
Union shops

Cons: high-level technical leaders (including chief architects and tech fellows) may not necessarily have the expected levels of technical knowledge
Advice: None
Pros: friendly culture; good work life balance

Cons: very busy and lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: friendly people and nice history to the company

Cons: Management isn't good at his job
Advice: do better
Pros: people are awesome and if you make friends with the techs, you may ask them for favors.

Cons: No comment in this section
Advice: No advice for the management team
Pros: Amazing company that is innovative

Cons: Below average pay, some teams are disorganized, management can be better
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is the best, great benefits and workload is manageable

Cons: The union leadership is finally facing a reckoning but they’ve been in bed with upper management for too long and truly must be reinvented to serve going forward
Advice: Know who your greatest assets are
Pros: Decent pay but doing the same task 100’s of times a shift is more difficult then people imagine

Cons: Not everyone is competent at their job, and many are tasked with extra work to make up for this.
Advice: Weed out the under-performers
Pros: Those I deal with are respectful

Cons: Limited growth opportunities in traditional combustion engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Good Salary and Perks

Cons: They are not flexible with expediting relocation dates so be careful when deciding start dates
Advice: None
Pros: I haven’t began working yet

Cons: Too many turn overs for mid level employees and new college hires.
Salary are low for mid level and new college hire.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture.
Lots of exciting projects.
Benefits are fantastic.

Cons: Strict guidelines. Strict schedules. Tight deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay. Amazing Benefits. Good work culture.

Cons: I don't have too many cons
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed the inclusivity and mentors

Cons: No cons to mention from my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great team and place to work at.

Cons: nothing, it is all good
Advice: None
Pros: everything, I could say more but it's good

Cons: The benefits are pretty good. The team are pretty understand with emergency.
Advice: None
Pros: Not Applicable ....
Not Applicable ....
Not Applicable ....

Cons: Employees learn that less demand for the target production puts their jobs in jeopardy. Layoffs and plant shutdowns are beyond employees control.
Advice: Stay positive, support your team members and listen better by reviewing communication channels.
Pros: General Motors employees acquire real world experience in the supply vs. demand aspects of auto manufacturing. Good salary and benefits.

Cons: very minimal opportunities for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: good pay for work you do

Cons: nothing that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Best company for diverse and inclusive work environment. Good benefits and you can work remotely unless required. I have some team members who are 100% remote.

Cons: lower pay at general morots comparably
Advice: None
Pros: good team at general motors

Cons: Can't think of anything bad about my experience. It was great all around
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, great teammates, and overall wonderful culture

Cons: Hours are long and 6-7 day work weeks may be required
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, nice vacation package, profit sharing, and yearly incentives

Cons: A lot of bureaucracy, toxic work environment.
Advice: Treat workers like they're valuable as individuals.  Management decisions tend to impact longtime and hardworking employees like they're worthless.
Pros: Good paid time off and interesting work.

Cons: 1. Pay is kind of low for the area
2. Lots of meetings that can waste your time
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Good work life balance
2. 401k is really competitive
3. Chill work environment

Cons: Large company, very bureaucratic. Interns and co-ops are being taken advantage of during this stage of the pandemic where it is difficult to hire and retain employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Very supportive teams for students to gain experience with.

Cons: Too many people, too much fat.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, lots of opportunities, good work life balance

Cons: Literally everything else besides two pros listed.
Advice: Stop sexually harassing people
Pros: Insurance coverage and education assistance

Cons: Old school company that is still doing things old school.
The pay structure is not based on things that other companies might base it off of (location/position/etc), its based off a scale and from my experience, moving up on that scale isnt easy.
Advice: None
Pros: - Work/Life balance
- Work/Life balance
- Work/Life balance 

(did i say work/life balance?)

Cons: The CEO and upper management only cares about profits and numbers
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and excellent vacation time off benefits

Cons: Management could use some work
Advice: None
Pros: They offer great benefits and the salary is great for entry-level positions

Cons: Very repetitive and boring. Never feel fulfilled from working
Advice: None
Pros: They pay you well to do a job that literally anyone else is capable of doing. Usually somewhat easy work if you can deal with doing the same task 400 times a night

Cons: 9 hour work days sometimes
Advice: Chill out a little bit
Pros: Safe work environment. Good benefits

Cons: Good intentions can be taken the wrong way by sensitive individuals.
Advice: Keep investing Heavy in IT, it’s paying off!
Pros: Great benefits, recognize great teamwork

Cons: work can get repetitive, must be hired on as part time employee and company wont make you permanent until your 2 year mark (as of 2022), mandatory to work Saturdays 9 hrs when you do become full time.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job, not straining work and health insurance is free.

Cons: Below average salary. Awful awful awful micro-management. Constant re-organization due to the inability to retain talent. Performance punishment.
Advice: Less management, more development. Too many people trying to be the boss.
Pros: Remote work. Good Benefits/Vacation time. Job security.

Cons: Salary is below average for most Software Developer roles in the Area
Advice: Increase Salary, price of living has gone up.
Pros: Great benefits in terms of work life balance, health ect.

Cons: An hour one way drive to work
Advice: None
Pros: Health Benefit package that's come with the job

Cons: More in-person trainings would be helpful
Advice: N/A
Pros: Fantastic leaders with strong pay

Cons: There are no real negatives
Advice: None
Pros: They pay for continuing Education

Cons: Constant push by management to always be involved in extra projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of flexibility, opportunity to learn new engineering areas.  Opportunities to present to director and executive director level.

Cons: The job has lots of hours
Advice: None
Pros: The job has high pay.

Cons: Hard work in some areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for work.

Cons: Hard work in some areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for work.

Cons: Company culture is very dated. Do more work with less time and pay.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k match is good and hard to beat.

Cons: Everything else. Prepare to make a deal you might regret very quickly.
Advice: Good old boy club needs to go. It still exists.
Pros: Pay &amp; benefits are amazing. Job did not follow the description or what was discussed in the interview. Management is asked to fill in for hourly positions at other plants.

Cons: Bureucratic due to size of company.
Advice: None
Pros: Oppurtunity to learn new skill sets. Good Work life balance and caring managers.

Cons: Old political perspective, not able to develop beyond role
Advice: None
Pros: They have good compensation and PTO

Cons: none so far everything is good
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility and paid time off.

Cons: Pay is lower
Progressing career is harder
Advice: None
Pros: Good Vacation Days
Good Work Life Balance

Cons: somewhat under paid for the time youve been there
Advice: None
Pros: flexible
great management
little to no micromanagement
fair workload with a GREAT work life balance
many days off

Cons: Hard to move up the ranks
Advice: None
Pros: Good People
Trying to get better

Cons: pay time benefits at a cost
Advice: None
Pros: benefits pay time off work

Cons: A lot of meetings unrelated to your actual work
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive , helpful, work life balance

Cons: High Capital Investment and More Competition
Advice: None
Pros: Transformation in Progress as there is a transition to Electric Vehicles

Cons: Just joined so none so far
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Benefits 
Work life balance
Pay

Cons: Fast paced programs to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great to be apart of.

Cons: Compensation is lower than a lot of the big tech.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work-life balance, 9 to 5 WFH.

Cons: - Leadership doesn't always understand bottom line issues
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive pay and other benefits
- Culture is growing to be more inclusive

Cons: I don’t really have any!
Advice: None
Pros: They really care about their employees

Cons: Can get a little dull at times, pay is ok but could be better
Advice: Reduce bureaucracy, more promotion opportunities
Pros: Friendly co-workers, work-life balance, wfh, good benefits

Cons: The company’s room for Advancement are small
Advice: None
Pros: The company’s Benefits are good

Cons: Can take a long time to be considered for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance
Remote work
Great management support

Cons: They are a car company, so an IT job not directly supporting products can be phased out quickly.
Advice: I'm not one to advise them
Pros: Looks good on your resume

Cons: Working off-hour shifts can make a life/work balance difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and no travel

Cons: No complain and nothing to say bad
Advice: None
Pros: Love to work their and good work life balance.

Cons: There is no opportunity to move out of the "College New Hire" program once you are in. No matter if you are asked to move into higher roles than other more experienced employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits in Austin TX. Great learning environment for entry-level devs

Cons: Slow upward mobility, big organization can be hard to have impact at times
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work life balance, rotational opportunities, remote option, reputation, exposure to evolving industry

Cons: large company with many layers of leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: solid company, competitive pay, decent benefits, generous paid holidays and vacation time

Cons: The repetitive motion that happened even with rotational job duties has left me with a permanent damage in my shoulder
Advice: None
Pros: Fellow employee were supportive and fun to work with

Cons: Big company hard to find a way to have career growth similar to all big companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
compensation and benefit

Cons: I have not had any cons.
Advice: Continue being great!
Pros: The culture and people are great.

Cons: Managers have a lot of control
Advice: Lots of movement/churn in the upper management levels.
Pros: Big company. Lot of internal opportunities to move and explore.

Cons: Not cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Environment. Technologies, stability, team work.

Cons: It is a very big company, not a lot of sense of a community
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company to work for

Cons: Overtime giving at the wrong time
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours good pay and benefits

Cons: Less career development opportunities, but the leadership is increasingly implementing more related programs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefits and 401k

Cons: You will have no life. Overtime is abundant. No work/life balance. Management aways looking for a reason to write you up. Your body will break down.
Advice: Calm down. We are all adults. We know what our job is and are doing our best. Take weekends off. Most of us would rather work 12 Mon thru Fri and have some family time on weekends.
Pros: Cadillac of health insurance available to seniority employees.

Cons: Working 6 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors has great benefits

Cons: moves slow, nothing else to say
Advice: None
Pros: inclusive, powerful, huge knowledge. That is it

Cons: A lot of learn-as-you go scenarios
Advice: Develop “District Manager school” to train new employees for job-specific responsibilities
Pros: Great benefits, plenty of support

Cons: Lots of red tape to get idea across.
Advice: None
Pros: People are helpful, looking to push you to next opportunity.

Cons: Usually have to move to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits including health insurance and education reimbusrsement

Cons: Very big company, very broad
Advice: N/A
Pros: Very good company/ High motor

Cons: Working for General Motors doesn’t have any cons
Advice: Bring motor city back to the USA
Pros: great vision for the future

Cons: drive time was to far to drive
Advice: none
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: - Can be too relaxed at times, have to push yourself to keep learning
Advice: - Push employees a little harder
Pros: - Bonus is good
- Work is very very flexible
- A lot of power over your code and driving the projects

Cons: Long work hours, demanding job
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work! Company is really putting emphasis on DE&amp;I and work place of choice. Great vacation.

Cons: You have to pay back the relocation fee if you leave the company prior to 2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: They provide a company vehicle free of cost.

Cons: - very disorganized when doing projects
Advice: None
Pros: - Best Work Life Balance

Cons: It’s not as “cool” as Tesla
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are better than other companies in industry

Cons: Pay is on the lower scale, but they make it up by the benefit and bonus structure.
Advice: I have nothing to share right now, my manager is pretty transparent.
Pros: Flexible. Remote. Great benefits. No pressure from management. Provide ample time to train.

Cons: Absolute mess. No mentorship or guidance and politics prevent anything from getting done.
Advice: None
Pros: You can get by doing nothing.

Cons: Less opportunity for advancement within the company due to lack of attritions from management folks
Advice: None
Pros: Offers great flexibility to manage work life balance

Cons: It requires you to put in lot of hours
Bad work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: People connection
Paid well
Can make lot of money quicly

Cons: Manager selection process is not good. Unqualified people become managers.
Advice: Set up a test for management skills  before promoting someone for manager
Pros: Good profit bonus, good healthcare benefits

Cons: Salary is not very competitive and other companies gives better salary but it’s hard to compete with the rest of benefits that GM provide
Advice: None
Pros: Great team 
Great life balance 
Good options to growth in the company

Cons: Only downside would be bureaucracy which is typical in any big company.
Advice: None
Pros: GM doesn’t micromanage their engineers and gives lots of room for creativity. Culture is also very good. They care!

Cons: Multi layered management resulting in slow decision making on technology side!
Advice: Need a lot more diversity and inclusion in the top 3 layers of management.
Pros: Good profit sharing and great benefits, nice work life balance.

Cons: The pay is not that competitive.
The tasks you will be working on will under prepare you for future positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Good benefits. Ability to learn multiple facets of technology or pivot to other fields.
Easy tasks and development.

Cons: None at the moment everything has been great
Advice: Continue to hire great leadership
Pros: Benefits 
Compensation 
WFH
Diversity
Work/Life Balance

Cons: Not a lot of freedom to try new jobs that you were not hired for or try new jobs that you do not have experience in.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a good company with opportunities for career growth and development. Your experience is what you make it.

Cons: Wont risk adapting new latest technology and rely highly on EM's than expertise / suppliers.
Advice: Please listen to every new engineer's opinion too.
Pros: Team working environment, Flexible, Disciplined.

Cons: Very hard to move around specialties and areas within company.
Advice: None
Pros: Something I really like about working for GM is the amount you can learn and contribute in such a short time, everyone is always talking to each other and working together to get things done.

Cons: Nobody to chat with at the water cooler
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Really enjoyed

Cons: Management is slow and old-school, and pay is ridiculously low.
Advice: None
Pros: Some teams get to work with in demand tech

Cons: I have not come across an issue that I couldn't address.
Advice: None
Pros: As a company they are focused on change, modernizing and implementation of new technology.

Cons: Upward mobility is dependent on location.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and culture. Lots of opportunities to learn a lot.

Cons: none to speak of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: not a bad place to work

Cons: Salaries for specialized and experienced IT professionals is not on par with salaries at pure tech companies. This will lead to top IT talent leaving the company for better pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits including 16 holidays and 4 week vacations and unlimited sick days

Cons: Work life balance, long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Just got interview for group leader position

Cons: Pay is extremly low considering industry standard
Advice: None
Pros: Manager is nice and team is friendly

Cons: It had a bad work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting stuff, lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Lack of training for incoming DREs
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great culture

Cons: Some internal processes are a bit slow and take up too much work time.
Advice: None
Pros: Every one is so welcoming and willing to help you get up to speed.

Cons: Temp workers not treated as fairly as they should be, lack of time off
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, and environment once hired full time

Cons: Pay is awful and they tend to lose good talent all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work/Life Balance depending on team

Cons: Large company always comes with high overhead and processes
Advice: Simplify processes, invest in more development and automation within the company
Pros: Great benefits and time off, flexibility, autonomy, values, inclusivity, strong leadership, moving to all electric, good pay, company car program, great discounts

Cons: Low salary compared to the market
Advice: None
Pros: Health and Family first
Job security

Cons: other companies are offering high compensation and are easy to still talent from GM
Advice: None
Pros: great team formation and great support from managers

Cons: Toxic environment. The union and company are not family orientated and the attitude is horrible in there.
Advice: None
Pros: Money along with the benefits.

Cons: low pay comparable to other developers
Advice: pay more
Pros: lax work environment, wfh, performance bonus is good

Cons: It takes years to be some a seniority employee and until you are they will work you to death
Advice: Make a better contract
Pros: Once you are a seniority employee the benefits and Percs are 2nd to none

Cons: You don't learn much, it's super woke and it's not a meritocracy
Advice: None
Pros: It was easy and cushy

Cons: Too many process to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of training and great environment work

Cons: Nothing really i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, benrfits,, and wonderful culture

Cons: I experienced racial discrimination countless times.
Diversity could improve on every level, especially on senior levels.
Managers may be skilled but some don't know how to manage people, especially of different races.
Advice: Think diversity on every level
Help employees to grow
Pros: Growth
Learning
The name helps in future jobs

Cons: The organization was very siloed.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a role that was never boring.

Cons: Pay is below industry standard
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance including holidays and 3 weeks of vacation on day one.

Cons: work life balance is terrible though. Mandatory 6 day work week.
Advice: None
Pros: Really good benefits and pay, easy work

Cons: Long hours, high stress, few locations
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay and benefits. Great company to work for

Cons: Limited growth opportunities specially at senior level
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for while leading change in the automotive business

Cons: Mandatory travel if you don't want to travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty laid back, lots of travel if you like that. Good people to work with.

Cons: Old company, old values. Almost impossible to be full remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits and stability, friendly staff.

Cons: not many cons honestly I swear
Advice: None
Pros: A ton of pros pros pros

Cons: Due to COVID-19 restrictions, working remotely can be challenging at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Greats place of employment for positive atmosphere, employee benefits, and all around experience.

Cons: None, that can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great wages, vacation time, medical insurance, and very good management with opportunities for advancement.

Cons: Too much work time. No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Not good for your body

Cons: Less pay for a fresher
Advice: None
Pros: Team is much flexible independent of hierarchy

Cons: pressure driven environment, not much psyclogial safety at end of day
Advice: None
Pros: great people interaction, lots of safety valves

Cons: Work a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, benefits, culture, growth

Cons: The union and company goals do not always align.
Advice: Very competitive unless you are favored.
Pros: Pay and benefits. Good support from leadership.

Cons: Not paid enough for the city.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going work environment, they are hiring a ton so the culture is changing to a younger crowd.

Cons: Works with outdated tech, don't care about their employees, poor work-life balance and terrible management
Advice: Stop sucking
Pros: Lots of PTO and holidays

Cons: Implementing Operational changes is cumbersome
Advice: Allow open culture to take input from all employee levels
Pros: Opportunity to learn and do things that impact business

Cons: Can get lost in the company organization
Advice: None
Pros: Good company culture for engineers

Cons: Some silos still exist in the corporate infrastructure.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a fantastic place to work.

Cons: Low pay slow pace growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment. Work life balance

Cons: Long hours in the plant
Advice: None
Pros: Work life Balance 
OT, Benefits

Cons: Workload, Hours, Lack of time off.
Advice: None
Pros: Variety of work performed is interesting.

Cons: Nothing much it's a great company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good team, good atmosphere, good mission statement

Cons: Pay stinks. Can definitely get more elsewhere
Advice: Pay more to retain
Pros: Very good WLB. Opportunities to learn especially if you are a new college hire. Good benefits

Cons: They don’t pay that well
Advice: None
Pros: I like the Culture and the community

Cons: not the most exciting job
pays wasn't amazing
Advice: None
Pros: lots of flexibility in the system

Cons: dont have any cons as of yet
Advice: none
Pros: just started working here today

Cons: nothing go say here thanks bye
Advice: none
Pros: Awesome Pay and benefits and vacation

Cons: None, glad I was able to work from home
Advice: None
Pros: Worked at GM and it’s a solid place

Cons: Cons: Super disfuncional. Lack of communication. No organization. Poor leadership. Job titles don't reflect what you will actually being doing.
Advice: Get your things together. Organize yourselves.
Pros: Pros: benefits like healthcare, dental and vision. 401k is awesome too.

Cons: no competitive salaries when compared to market
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance here

Cons: Management is arrogant and ignorant
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and good benefits

Cons: Work from home could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great paycheck
Great benefits
Excellent 401k match

Cons: Toxic fear filled culture. No family values.
Advice: Live what you say your values are.
Pros: Decent money, time off, bonus

Cons: not many extra perks that a google or apple would have
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, vacation, yearly bonus, stable

Cons: Nothing really matters so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of leaning opportunity, and clear performance evaluation.

Cons: Management resistant to modern methodology
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back and good job security

Cons: Some people get away with to much
Advice: They like to pick and choose
Pros: Great place to work great benefits

Cons: You need good health care due to the long hours and night shift
Advice: FIRE UAW, they are killing the compant from the inside. This made my job miserable while working there. You cower to the whimpers of the UAW.
Pros: Health care benefits are good

Cons: Hours can be tough on family
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is pretty good for the area

Cons: 6 days a week. Hard work
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are real good

Cons: a lot of office and plant politics
Advice: None
Pros: golden handcuffs and great vacation/wlb

Cons: You might love it too much
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and the feeling like you are a part of a team.

Cons: Limited opportunity for advancement
Lack of transparency regarding promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse range of experience 
Good benefits
Focus on employee wellness

Cons: Moving up the ladder may take time.
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance is unmatched.

Cons: Lack of promotion chances, need to be flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work with. Nice people

Cons: Work can sometimes be boring.
Advice: Would like to see more challenging projects.
Pros: Great teams. The collaboration is wonderful. The managers are amazing.

Cons: Not many, but somewhat bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, innovative organization, smart coworkers

Cons: No longer has corporate pensions
Advice: None
Pros: very professional environment for a manufacturing company

Cons: Takes a while for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: WLB and job security are awesome

Cons: Long work hours sometimes
Physically demanding
Appointments can be hard to get to
Current manpower limitations increase stress
Pay is starting to slowly fall behind
Advice: More inclusive strategies, in lieu of managers with the "If your not losing, I'm not winning" mentality.
Pros: Good Pay
Great benefits
Vacation
Overtime availability
Inclusive Environment

Cons: Starting salary is a bit lower than would be expected.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has good benefits and vacation/holidays.

Cons: processes are slow, don't place you with the team you interview for. You can be placed anywhere and it is a surprise
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, nice people

Cons: No work-life balance. Lack of strong leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited opportunities to learn. Amazing technology. Skilled CEO!

Cons: Management structure and slow growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and decent hours

Cons: Very few executive level spots.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, lots of oppertunity.

Cons: Difficult to navigate bureaucracy and system
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworkers and work life balance

Cons: There are still many employees afraid to change towards inclusive
Advice: None
Pros: GM leads the cultural change to be more inclusive and give flexibility to the employees with work-appropriate policy. Great benefits.

Cons: Pay is uncompetitive if you live in Atlanta, Phoenix, or Austin
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance for most teams is good.
Work is often interesting and fulfilling. Tech stack is current and is updated frequently.

Cons: Trended inflexible on remote working. Overtime may or may not be compensated depending on your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good benefits.

Cons: Outdated procedures for software development
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: Not ideal home/work balance. Often working from phone at all hours.
Advice: Need to raise expectations and hold people accountable
Pros: Good pay and available OT

Cons: Definitely on the lower end for pay for software developers
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance
NCH program is great at helping new graduates start their career
Truly care for employees

Cons: Huge bureaucracy, difficult to navigate, poor recognition of talent and accomplishments.
Advice: Get rid of the glorified seniority promotions and recognize people on merit.
Pros: Lots of smart people, good salary, very stable employment.

Cons: I don't have anything to list
Advice: Na
Pros: It was a good place to work

Cons: Managers had favorites to choose from
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was also good as well

Cons: Too many politics in a big company.
Advice: None
Pros: Wood model maker is a Great job

Cons: nothing bad about working here
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of good perks here

Cons: No issues, and working here is good
Advice: None
Pros: good working flexibility at this company

Cons: Push alternative lifestyle too much
Advice: None
Pros: Money is pretty good overall

Cons: There are no down sides.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great here, everyone shares similar goals and strives for inclusion and excellence. The benefits and leadership are superior as well.

Cons: Sometimes to much overtime for me
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work usually

Cons: Easy to get lost. So many people and everyone is busy. You must be a self driving individual needing little direction.
Advice: None
Pros: You are encouraged to be a self starter and drive your projects.

Cons: Nothing that I can really think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, great management and great recognition for work done.

Cons: Politics sometimes get in the way of doing the right or more efficient thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Can move around the company to find the best fit for a job. The people are fantastic.

Cons: Very conservative, not a real IT company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, vacation and bonus

Cons: - slow moving
- too process oriented
- re-organizes way too much
Advice: None
Pros: - competitive pay
- collaborative culture
- empowers employees

Cons: Gotta start off on night shift takes years to move to first
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay… three bonuses a year

Cons: No problems very understanding co workers
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome place good benefits good hours

Cons: Low pay and far distance
Advice: None
Pros: Full benefits and start immediately

Cons: -Teams can be understaffed and you will have to do a lot at times
-Below average pay
Advice: None
Pros: -Culture is great
-Benefits are real nice

Cons: It is hard on your body and you can be forced to work a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are good for no education being required

Cons: Promotions are tough and it’s not clear how to achieve them
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great culture, excellent opportunities for learning

Cons: Leadership is now very top heavy
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
A lot of time off
Flexible work

Cons: The entire job was horrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Awful leadership, hours and organization

Cons: Little to no room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, team environment and focus

Cons: Their are no bad experiences I can think of at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: *Flex Schedule
*Plenty PTO
*Great 40k Benefits 
*Annually Bonuses

Cons: Detroit is cold in the winters
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, managers, work-life boundaries. It is an old company that is motivated to adopt new technologies and fresh perspectives.

Cons: The cars are kind of ugly
Advice: None
Pros: Cars are pretty cool I like them

Cons: Not many cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: The TRACK program allows you to experience so many different departments and interests around the company.

Cons: It can be hard sometimes
Advice: Be good
Pros: Good place to work Benefits
PTO
People

Cons: 6 day work week with long hours
Advice: None
Pros: great job with great pay

Cons: - management is hit or miss
- hard to rise up in the position without applying elsewhere in the company
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits
- unlimited sick days
- good pay
- working remote

Cons: People are too siloed in their expectations and directions.
Advice: None
Pros: There is an infinite amount of learning that you can do at such a large diverse company.

Cons: Stupid things like filling out weekly timesheet for fulltime employee ...In case forget it affects your reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Overall Good work culture and env

Cons: A little difficult when you start due to company size (really big company)
Advice: None
Pros: Company cares about ours as employees in all aspects (personal and professional)

Cons: Very large company with a lot of red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment and experience are fantastic

Cons: can be boring hard to move up or around
Advice: None
Pros: good pay not demanding understanding team

Cons: Less creative thinking and hard to standout for accomplishments.
Advice: None
Pros: Large Company with many internal opportunities. Good Benefits and stable employment.

Cons: No cons in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Vision and mission are amazing. Company supports work/life balance

Cons: Not enough work to do sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: easy to get implemented into field

Cons: Pay is low, you’ll get overworked sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Not great for older employees. They will find less work for you to do and eventually find ways to let you go. They call it lay-off
Advice: None
Pros: The people are great. Team work is awesome

Cons: Large companies sometimes don’t move as quickly as one would like
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Excellent career advancement opportunities

Cons: Managers can be hit or miss.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is healthy and yearly cash bonus is usually very good.

Cons: Did not allow for much creativity
Advice: None
Pros: Paid a lot for little responsibility

Cons: there are too many political games
Advice: None
Pros: traditional company with convenient location

Cons: There are no cons its an awesome place to work
Advice: None
Pros: There is a lot of support and the company makes you feel welcomed.

Cons: Nepotism, and a lot of politics play
Advice: Remove the glass ceilings
Pros: New technology, products are fun.

Cons: Long shifts and weekend work for those who prefer 8 hour work shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Weekend work paying time and half

Cons: pay, long work week, supervisors,
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits

Cons: Blame culture and not ready to be an innovator.
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous growth opportunity if you can manage to navigate politically. So many business units you can make great impact.

Cons: No concerns at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Just recently started working, have loved the process so far.

Cons: You have to wait 2 years to get hired in
Advice: None
Pros: Profit sharing bonus when hired in
Insurance for you and your family after 90 days

Cons: Old school senior leaders
High workload
Low base salaries for some groups
Advice: Inclusive with other point of views
Pros: Inclusive
New Projects
New Technologies
Home Office

Cons: Too much hierarchy and wish it was a flatter organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with flexible schedules

Cons: Management has disconnect from engineers. Unfeasible timeline.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team! New young blood and fresh ideas!

Cons: Long hours and sometimes it can be overwhelming.
Advice: Remember your workers are people too.
Pros: Great benefits. The pay is great 👍

Cons: Lay offs, no stability, long hours, unfair bosses, hard to get requested time off
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, profit sharing, paid vacation, overtime, tuition assistance

Cons: Can be overworked at times
Advice: Keep up the good work let’s get out these mask
Pros: Great pay great Insurance and can move up

Cons: Nothing much to describe all fine
Advice: Good
Pros: Work culture and life balance

Cons: Some positions can become stale
Role does not always meet your level of education
Advice: None
Pros: Engaging community, Friendly coworkers, great facilities and Competitive salary

Cons: No cons I find so far
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment. Great pay and benefits and ample opportunistic to learn and grow

Cons: Long working hours, high pressure deliverables, 24/7 connected.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, work flexibility, career development opportunities.

Cons: Conservative work culture and slow pace in decision making.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Care peoples. Work and life balance.

Cons: public transportation in the area isn't great
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great, good WLB

Cons: Slow to change, everything tied to vehicle development process
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and benefits

Cons: Not really much to complain about it’s a job
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay good hours and very attentive

Cons: Work life balance can be compromised
Advice: None
Pros: No micromanagement, promoting culture, generous, opportunities to learn a lot

Cons: Nothing negative to say so far
Advice: None
Pros: Best of the Detroit 3 automakers to work at

Cons: No innovation
No one cares about the company or product
No brainstorming
Everyone is looking out
Bad 401k plan
Advice: Hire new management
Get rid of Executives in Sunnyvale
Hire people who are innovative
If you want to compete with innovative companies like Lucid/ Tesla, bring big brains
Pros: There are no pros for this place

Cons: Poor team size for projects
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing to note over all

Cons: Sometimes, you have no work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, benefits. Pay is competitive, and unlimited PTO.

Cons: not easy to get promote especially for young people
Advice: None
Pros: Every friendly work environment and flexible schedule to easy balance life and work

Cons: Sometimes pre-existing processes can slow down your job and add unnecessary complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Great people &amp; solid leadership, good opportunity to move around and focus on certain areas of automotive.

Cons: Low pay and high work
Advice: None
Pros: big company, lots of new hires

Cons: 4 week vacation is set from start to finish at the company
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot through rotations

Cons: Limited work life balance to progress.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced work environment opportunity.

Cons: There are no cons to working at GM
Advice: Pretty much work for it
Pros: Working with people around me

Cons: Stock availability, lead time, consistency
Advice: None
Pros: Great vehicles ,customer service, satisfaction, driven ,professional

Cons: Location not as attractive as west or east coasts.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Flexibility of work hours, People

Cons: its great working there for real
Advice: i dont have no advice
Pros: to make money to pay some bills

Cons: Hard to make an impact
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to settle in, great benefits

Cons: There is nothing much for growing
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and good for beginners

Cons: I could not find anything wrong with this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work in the USA

Cons: there are not many downsides working here
Advice: Incentivize growth through bonuses
Pros: Great Leaders
Team Oriented
Great learning environment

Cons: Difficult to get into next level
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits like 401k, leaves etc

Cons: Long and hectic work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Above average bonus
Good health benefit

Cons: no benefits no benefits no benefits
Advice: None
Pros: great team great team great team

Cons: Internal growth 
Career opportunities 
Might get repetitive
Advice: Work out Career plans
Pros: Interesting role 
Work life Balance 
Great leadership 
Positive work culture

Cons: To be lied on lied to acting like I'm ok if I'm not ignoring bad behavior
Advice: None
Pros: Cleaning caring helping people minding my business

Cons: It's shift work. Some like it and some don't.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and benefits. Overtime available.

Cons: Company still has some Silos
Advice: None
Pros: Work Environment is excelente. Leadership is awesome.

Cons: Slow promotions, directors don’t leave so limited advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Company car, interesting work, strong

Cons: Bad management with poor people skills.
Advice: None
Pros: Flex hours &amp; interesting work sometimes.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, comp lags compared to tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, interesting work and products.

Cons: None yet since I just started
Advice: Not applicable
Pros: Good hours, good pay, good benefits

Cons: you'll get yourself into trouble by having an opinion about gm products.
Advice: None
Pros: great salary and benefits with yearly profit sharing (teamGM benefits)

Cons: Not the most competitive pay available
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, great benefits, good bonuses

Cons: Not much - more flexibility with WFH
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary based on a low LCOL. TC does not compare with FAANG

Cons: There are no cons as it is very professional environment.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great Work Environment, Very flexible hours.

Cons: Fast paced environment at times
Advice: N/a
Pros: Good work environment, lots of opportunities, great training, great benefits

Cons: Terrible health care costs, expects a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great paid holidays, work from home

Cons: very hard work, slave company
Advice: learn to appreciate employees more
Pros: this job doesn’t have any pros

Cons: Slow to progress through the company. It's big and is a slow moving ship.
Advice: Build Efficiency
Pros: Enjoyable work, that is fulfilling with a good balance

Cons: Not as forward thinking as advertised.
Promises as far as industry goes are unfulfilled.
Poor follow through.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, hours, employees, woke/life balance.

Cons: a bit of a learning curve
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunities, always interesting work

Cons: To much forced overtime it’s draining
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, good teamwork, lots of overtime

Cons: Lay off regularly. Overtime in busy seasons.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly employees. Nice working environment.

Cons: Slow advancement in career, stress
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, time-off, work-life balance

Cons: Not a competitive salary for IT
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to start, they will teach you everything you need to know for the job.

Cons: The company is great and there are alot of hours available
Advice: None
Pros: Love it love it love it

Cons: Be careful with management for anything
Advice: good senior management
Pros: good to work there part-time

Cons: I don't see any cons yet.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the culture and environment. Very friendly.

Cons: This is an old corporation, so culture needs to be updated
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, bonus, benefits, time offs

Cons: Individual technical carrier growth after senior developer level is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, bonus, and benefits

Cons: Complex organization
Old school middle management
Advice: None
Pros: great rewards and benefits
Great vision

Cons: None at all, I love it here
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great managers, great vacation time.

Cons: Older co-workers , not many people my age
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, hybrid, life + work balance

Cons: not a lot of room for innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Great Team environment very tech focused

Cons: Some days can be much longer depending on work load.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Inclusive Work Environment and Culture

Cons: They are phasing out of military electronics.
Advice: Get back into military electronics.
Pros: Benefits are great for retirees.

Cons: Work Environment work environment, local cults at facilities
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits

Cons: workload, time, stress, management, travel
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility, benefits, co-workers, education, skills

Cons: no cons to report now
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance time

Cons: Lower wage than the industry average.
Advice: none.
Pros: Amazing onboarding program for new hires. Kind people in the workplace. Amazing Benefits

Cons: Could have been more accommodating at times
Advice: None
Pros: I liked working there for the most part

Cons: none cons so far to share
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with a good product

Cons: Can be stressful, can take sometime to learn job.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home helps work life balance.,

Cons: NOT A STABLE JOB!! If you are young this isn’t a place for you
Advice: None
Pros: Make lots of money, great insurance

Cons: Long hours, no OT, stressed managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits keeps employees

Cons: Long hours no time off
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit to have at this job

Cons: Too much work too uptight
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits good environment good people

Cons: Money
Mobility
Work variety/interest
No remote work
Little upward opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Easy to transfer
Multiple locations

Cons: No loyalty to people or work ethic
Advice: Be nicer
Pros: There are no pros except

Cons: Pay is not really compensated for the cost of living in Austin Texas
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment
Great people
Lots of young folk

Cons: U have to stinkin work
Advice: None
Pros: U got a stinking job

Cons: Poor hourly pay for the LOC. Still in negotiations for new contract for almost a year.  Poor working conditions for the LOC
Advice: Give praise when needed, develop communication with workers. Come out from behind the desk.
Pros: Great work schedule, paid holidays

Cons: No cons in regards to working here
Advice: None
Pros: This is an excellent company to work for.

Cons: Nothing really comes to my mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture. Definitely a fun place to work.

Cons: Direction is always changing, lots of wasted work
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, decent pay, competitive time off

Cons: Low pay, less than the average.
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, amazing benefits and 401k

Cons: Work a lot of long hours and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent salary and medical benefits

Cons: none issues. solid mgmt team
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work at

Cons: No Cons. No Cons. No Cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great place to work

Cons: Very big company. Sometimes hard to fit in
Advice: None
Pros: Great rotational program for new grads

Cons: Pay is not up to mark.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and work life balance

Cons: A lot of standing but a station is at every job
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Great pay
As much over time as you want

Cons: Uninteresting job, too focused on evs
Advice: None
Pros: Good team dynamics and helpful bosses

Cons: No downside to working at GM
Advice: N/A
Pros: Good benefits, pay, WLB, culture

Cons: no real con for the job
Advice: Keep doing the same thing
Pros: Work life balance is nice

Cons: low pay for most people kinda sucks
Advice: None
Pros: worklife balance is more on balance

Cons: Large company pros and cons
Advice: None
Pros: Work on amazing projects with great potential

Cons: Pay is what you'd expect in Automotive
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Culture, Opportunities, PTO and Holidays

Cons: Union caters to under performing individuals
Advice: None
Pros: $$ and Benefits are great

Cons: No cons, great place to scale a long term career.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and great place to work.

Cons: hours fun work tme play
Advice: none all good
Pros: work, pay , benefits, work time fun

Cons: Very large company, good luck setting yourself apart
Advice: None
Pros: Good Advancement, constant rotations into other positions

Cons: There are no stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k matching, health insurance, HSA

Cons: Slow in implementation of new technology
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and work culture

Cons: Not very transparent in aspects of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to get experience

Cons: Everything is good nothing is bad
Advice: You are doing well
Pros: Nice staff and good salary

Cons: Not a bad thing to say.
Advice: None
Pros: this was a great company to work for.

Cons: None till now and hope that continues
Advice: None
Pros: Great team , remote working

Cons: bad hours as ptt. management uses as temp
Advice: None
Pros: easy job good money nice people

Cons: Bending all the time hurts
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay a lot of money

Cons: lots of change in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: Nothing that I can think
Advice: Shape up or ship out
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: slow to get anything done or complete
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy culture and people were happy

Cons: Worked long hours due to global calls at night and fire drills during the week and weekend.
Advice: None
Pros: Allowed autonomy in terms of work location

Cons: Long hours and non flexible schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of career development and room for growth!

Cons: Lots of pressure in manufacturing facility
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and lots of overtime

Cons: Lots of work, always busy never finished
Advice: None
Pros: Good benifits, learns a lot from people

Cons: lack of benefits, use of personal vehicle
Advice: None
Pros: People, workspace, advertising, professionalism and knowledge base

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Easy and straight forward process

Cons: No real cons here at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and Work life balance

Cons: Work boss the drive to work
Advice: None
Pros: Pay benefits big booties in yoga pant

Cons: Very cut throat and political. Very black and white and not in a good way
Advice: Stop hiring by race and hire by who is deserving of a management position
Pros: very high paying salary job

Cons: If you sue a third-party supplier they’ll find a reason to fire you unfortunately
Advice: Your HR is a bunch of snakes
Pros: The pay was great for the little work that I did

Cons: Wish there was scheduling flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great job.

Cons: None poor management.  Poor placement.  Poor communication
Advice: None
Pros: None good benefits.  Great union

Cons: too cheap. pay too low
Advice: None
Pros: vacation days is not bad

Cons: no breaks, barely get any vacation due to the high load of work
Advice: management doesn't know what you are doing and you are on your own
Pros: good compensation as well as benefits. Large company

Cons: The sales and marketing department is actively discriminating, downgrading, and getting rid of women.
Advice: None
Pros: 4 day stat holiday long weekends

Cons: Terrible culture and product lines
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Perks
