Cons: It is a truely depressing environment. The decades of job cutting in this company has created an environment where each and every employee that remains to have to do the work of 3 or more people in every position no matter what department you work in. This is compounded by bureacratic outdated work methods that you must follow or you will be likely put in a performance improvement program that represents the last step before being walked out the door. If you go to work here, you better like the position you hire into because employees are repeatedly blocked from moving to other positions within the company (including promotional opportunities) that are posted on GM's own website. Additionally, they frequently arm-twist salaried employees to work Saturdays/Sundays for free in many departments. 401 K match is frequently reduced as a cost savings measure. It is obvious from their recent highly publicized near bankruptcy they will never recover so why would you want to work for a company that is in that position?  I personally witnessed many employees leave this company to go work for "normal companies" and are now very happy. Nobody that leaves ever misses GM...trust me I know of many examples. Stay away from this company at all costs. Garbage picking out of a trash can is more enjoyable than working for them.
Advice: Leave before the Titanic sinks...Truely the expression that the grass is greener on the other side applies here!
Pros: Health Benefits are comparable to middle of the road companies, but there is a clause stating that any or all benefits can be rescinded at any time for any reason at the employers discretion. The pay is fairly benchmarked with other large companies. 401 K match is competitive during good times.

Cons: Because general motors is so big and old, that is part of its success but also part of its failure.  It has to manage a large number of people and models all over the world and it seems like it is doing a bad job of this.  Because it has been around a long time, its employees are proud of what they do and where they work.  This is good but is also bad because new ideas from fresh employees are discouraged and thus the fresh employees lose their creativity and the fresh ideas are non existent and thus the company continues to build the same products over and over and do not adapt to the changing consumer.
Advice: Listen to fresh ideas because you're way out of touch with the world.  Encourage employees to present fresh ideas.
Pros: General Motors is a large manufacturing company and employs thousands of people.  Thus, there is lots of opportunity to grow and learn the different facets of manufacturing if that is what you want to do.  They have awesome buildings and loyal people who have helped this company function for 100 years.  They pay a good salary and have one of the best total overall compensation packages anywhere.  They have lots of experienced people who are proud of what they do and where they work and you can almost always find someone to relate to and there is a good sense of camraderie at the company.

Cons: Job security, while never an issue in the past, is suspect right now.  Culture of senior leadership is sometimes stifling to innovation. Sometimes, middle management appear to do/say what's best for their career rather than what's best for the company.  Benefits are getting trimmed and salaries are a bit below competitive with other industries.
Advice: Need to be more proactive and less reactive.  Need to change the culture to accept the truth from subordinates, not just rewarding those that "tell them what they want to hear".  Need to push decision and accountability making further down the chain and make the whole organization flatter.  Need to take the "checksheet" mentality out of the company and deliberately move away from tasks that consume time, but are not critical to success.  Executive leadership, VP and above, is outstanding.  Middle management is a problem with many social promotions of average performers that are connected to director level employees.
Pros: Worldwide advancement opportunities.  Can't imagine getting excited about a consumer durable other than cars.  The work isn't dull.  Things change everyday and the pace is fast.  Never get bored and have the opportunity to participate in activities through GM sponsorships like attending major sporting and cultural events.

Cons: Long work hours, expectation to work on weekends and during evening. I felt that I needed to be constantly checking my email throughout the night to make sure no fires had cropped up. I was constantly redirected to new tasks and projects with no semblance of planning. Core deliverables were often un done because of this redirection. Additionally, a last minute approach was often used which caused undue churn and bad practices at all levels of the company. Should have certainly had a more planful approach to getting things done. However, all and all, just a mediocre experience working at GM
Advice: More respect for work life balance. More planned approach
Pros: Not a bad place to work, decent benefits, great people. Management seemed to be committed to doing the right thing. I was involved in a great deal of wonderful projects and truly enjoyed my time there. Unfortunately innovation was not a top priority and was often superseded by the need to cut cost and manage expenses, which i feel was detreimental to the delivery of a top notch product. In the end I moved onto greener pastures. I wish this company and my colleagues well, however, i think the glory days have past for this company. We shall see though.

Cons: Financial troubles have had a bad effect internally, employees are overloaded with assignments, and the culture is very top down.  Don't expect to make any suggestions or improvements.  The culture is not conducive to non director level input.  I was laid off, but not disgruntled, I was looking for a new company for over a year prior to being led out the door.  If you can play the political game, and at all costs make your manager look good, then go for it.
Advice: The leadership has not changed, they have shifted titles and reports to protect themselves.  Yet these are the same decision makers that drove the company into the ground, and are now expected to bring it back.  My recommendation would be to make the hard decisions, focus on value added activities and stop protecting the fraternity of leadership.  Thin out the top, let lower level employees take responsibility for projects independently.  Much more of what matters will get accomplished with less.
Pros: It was interesting to work around new concept vehicles and the talented people in the trenches.  A very large employer in the Detroit area, so if your local and want to stay GM may be a good choice

Cons: Too many reorganizations made for new supervisors all the time.   Little connection with performance of company - and easy to feel unimportant and that personal efforts made no difference.  Big union atmosphere/culture in salary ranks - meaning that employees only needed to do so much.   In general the people I worked with were hardworkers and capable, but their talents were underutilized.  Top management not able to manage company for growth and usually managed in a reactionary way.
Advice: Go on the offensive to stop losses to other OEM competitors.  Vehicle/Product improvements aren't the only way to do this: GM was and still is uncompetitive due to high cost structure, which was built up over the decades.  Diversify: concentration on car and truck business alone is not a wise, long term strategy.
Hire a CEO/President from outside the auto industry with proven effectiveness.  
This is all advice that was obviously never taken and thus the situation deteriorates to this day.
Pros: Good to very good salary and benefit packages generally speaking.  Good feedback performance reviews.  In general the people I worked with were sharp, hardworkers and capable.

Cons: There isn't anywhere to go anymore.  They have down rated some of the next level employees, so a promotion wil be out of the question.  Its still the same old GM, nothing new here.  
If they ever figure out how to run the plants with out being scared of the union, that will be amazing.  I see people every day sleeping on the job, or not on the job and nowhere to be seen.
For some reason, they (mgt) forget that its their business to see that everyone is working productively.  
Its also very hard to get to another division.  I'm in a job I hate, but can't get anywhere else either.  They fail to see what peoples strengths are and promote accordingly.  I've seen many promotions that weren't warranted.   
Its real sad to see how the salary organization is treated.  The hourly organization was offered a very generous buyout, but we just got to pack up our office with a lousy severance package.
I would not encourage anyone to work for GM, unless your'e hourly, then youv'e got it made!
Advice: When are we ever going to wake up?  Quit letting the unions run our plants!
Pros: Money, thats about it.  Oh of course, all the down time from falling sales.  Loved that!

Cons: Culture is hidebound. Too many managers are interested only in their own careers and not in the development of subordinates. Upper management is divorced from the product and from the line level employees. There has been a stranglehold on job movement for the last 5 years -- lateral moves used to be common, now they are nearly impossible to achieve. Upward mobility is negligibly available -- many high level jobs have been demoted or re-leveled.
Advice: Explain why various departments are structured the way that they are. Be more honest when discussing future corporate direction -- saying that you cannot say is better than a misleading or outright false statement.  Selectively cull a significant fraction of the mid-level management and backfill with industry outsiders.
Pros: Good product discount. Interesting technology to work on. Some opportunity to try different jobs and locations. Pay is generally good compared to tier one suppliers and competitive compared to other large industrial manufacturing companies.  If you are VERY motivated to work extremely long hours and basically do anything it takes, advancement to high levels of management is possible. Company is extremely committed to diversity.

Cons: As with any large corporation, there is a certain amount of difficulty with communication between the layers of workers and between departments.  This has improved drastically in the last few years, but still remains to some extent.
Advice: Keep up the good work!  I believe we are on the right track and have some of the best product and highest quality that we have ever had.  We are at a turning point in our evolution, and we will come out of this stronger than we were when the economic problems began.
Pros: GM is a great company to work for, I have a high level of pride when I tell people I work for GM.  In my position, I am empowered to make decisions and control the product development that I am responsible for.  GM is not just a US company, we are a Global company, and have improved the living standards of many people who have worked for us and for the suppliers and businesses that that support our manufacturing.

Cons: If you are in the IT profession, stay far away from General Motors. They first began doing heavy outsourcing in the early 2000's of the systems development and IT support functions. Now, they are beginning the next phase where they are outsourcing the management of those functions. They are currently in the process of negotiating the next major outsourcing contracts, which will take effect June 2011. For those IT managers that still exist, most will be gone by that time. If they hire any additional people between now and then, they will only be used as (indirect) consultants until the new contracts are signed, then they will be gone as well. GM is trying to return solely to the automobile industry and get out of the IT, defense, mortgage, and any other non-automobile market.
Advice: Outsourcing may look like an effective cost-cutting measure, but the benefits will be short lived. There are multiple factors that will turn your short-term savings into long-term problems, including a loss of cost savings, customer satisfaction, and quality.
Pros: I received a lot of free training at GM, including PMP and ITIL training, which led to testing for, and receiving certifications. There is also a lot of paid time off during the year, including July and Christmas-New Years.

Cons: The UAW rules that have been established over the years now have the company at a competitive disadvantage. Toyota continues to get better, even though GM has closed the gap in quality. There is still bureaucracy in management and UAW which eliminates the possibility to make quick decisions, thus leaving GM behind the competition, or being threatened by strikes by the UAW.
Advice: There needs to be a flatter management structure and elimination of outdated concessions given to UAW dating back the past 50 years. I believe it will be difficult for GM to make it with the current management; not because they are bad people, but because they cannot see the forest for the trees. The culture is ingrained with past agreements with the UAW and a theory of entitlement, and unless this is changed quickly, GM will continue to lose market share. Until this is effectively addressed, GM will continue to backslide.
Pros: GM provides a good salary and benefits to both salary and hourly employees. The company is still large enough to be a major producer of vehicles.

Cons: Although movement was possible, moving upward was more of a wise-tale or odds similar to winning at a lottery.  The eviroment was driven more from who you know (more accuratly, who your dad was and knew) vs. positive job results and hard work.  This "boys club" is well known and commonly referenced as the "mofia" who remains in power even after the government bailout.  The people who have remained with the company are those not marketable to other employers.  Strong young talent is almost never recognized or appreciated.
Advice: Those in power and making decisions should more strongly consider that you will need a strong and more youthful work force for your pension and retirement benefits to continue after you give up the race.
Pros: The people working at the company tend to be very strong in company pride and desire to make it a better company.  With most large companies there were opportunities to move into different areas of the business and gain new skills and knowledge.

Cons: Office facilities out-of-date and poorly maintained, IT systems/staff inadequate, corporate culture needs to change faster, current economic crisis has negatively impacted auto industry, overly regulated industry, no U.S. government policy on energy, manufacturing, health care, business development.
Advice: Need to be more vocal about the 30-year record of incompetence by the U.S. government.  GM created many of its own problms, but Rick Wagoner fessed up to the mess several years ago and adressed the difficult issues with urgency and transparency.  It is time to push back on the U.S. government and ask for a coherent energy policy, health care policy, global trade policy, manufacturing policy, and tighter regulation of the banking and oil industries.  Maintain the perfect GM leadership track record of integrity and ethical practices.  Publicly promote GM's plant safety record, quality improvements, productivity gains, diversity policies and corporate responsibility.
Pros: Breadth of responsibility, complexity of industry, feeling of accomplishment, advanced technology, opportunity for cross-functional experience, global focus, quality culture, diversity practices, integrity and ethical practices throughout the company.

Cons: GM is still top heavy.  Management drove GM into the ground with the help of the union, yet those in management positions are still employed with fantastic salary and perks.  These people need to be removed from their positions to allow for fresh ideas and enthusiasm.  There cannot be a new GM with the same people in charge - even at the departmental level (level 8's and above).
Advice: Remove your level 8's if they have been in their positions for more than 10 years!  Stop promoting employees to think outside of the box IF they will only be "trouble-makers" for doing so.  Start listening to the squeeky wheels and make decisions that will change GM for the good forever.  Stop rebuilding the same machine, build something new!
Pros: Opportunities for learning about best practices in manufacturing.  Collecting a regular paycheck for an honest day's work.  Meeting some of the most intelligent people you will ever cross paths with.

Cons: A very stressful place to work in the current environment - words like trust, integrity and respect went out the door with Mr. Wagoner.  Now, fear and paranoia reign supreme - it's suddenly everyone for themself.  You go to work every day not knowing if it will be your last day.  The Zero Based Staffing initiative was a joke - used purely as cover for demoting and releasing (mostly older) people based on extremely subjective decision making.  Not a very pleasant place to be right now.  In two months, the current administration has destroyed a corporate culture that was 20 years in the making and finally starting to gel.
Advice: Get some new HR leaders along with some outside OD talent and see if you can repair the damage - probably cannot be done until this current crisis passes but definitely needs to be done - otherwise the organization will implode within a year just due to the cronyism that is now running rampant.
Pros: Good Pay, Benefits are still not too bad, vacations - if you work in a team environment you can still receive praise from your matrixed leader for a job well done.

Cons: GM is not really a team. People tend to think their job is a thankless job, and so they should get leverage for doing it. So the "best thing for GM" gets buried amidst competing individual interests. The management is often not clear what "the best thing for GM" is. As an individual contributor in this environment, it is difficult not to get disillusioned because it's not clear if you are contributing for your manager, your sub-organization or for GM.
Advice: You have some great people. Don't let in-fighting drown out their contributions. The present crisis is an opportunity.
Pros: At General Motors, you would come across some really smart and knowledgeable people. Given how tough the auto business is, and how many diverse technologies go into the car, the knowledge and ability of some people to identify technical and business value, is quite remarkable, and there is a lot one can learn from them.

Cons: Too much bureaucracy exists that can be used against you or will prevent you from realizing advancement or other opportunities.  The good old boy network has got to go especially in manufacturing.
Advice: The leadership at all levels seem gun-shy.  They try to align their business plans for strength but their business model is dated and cumbersome and limits their abilty to be flexible and agile.  They seem to be engaged in going fast to nowhere.  They are so busy trying to be competitive that they have forgotten how to lead in anything.  Market to customers not employees, if your products are any good the employees will buy them...it is customers you want to attract.  It is time to transition to a 21st century perspective
Pros: Many opportunities if you happen to be in the right place at the right time to capitalize.  Otherwise you will be forced to adapt to someone eles reality.

Cons: Bad times, make for limited promotions and opportunities to achieve more.  So little control over the forces that work against us.  The weak economy,  the banking crisis, the lending crisis, etc....
Advice: Keep the the Strong Marketting Campaign moving.  I think that America should get reacquainted with GM the Company.  A strong contributer to our communities, we need to promote ourselves as a vibrant active part of communities that we live and work in.
Pros: It is good work representing good people.  It is great products, built with pride by Americans supporting the Manufacturing backbone of this country.  GM is rebuilding it's image and products to compete in a Global Market.  It is interesting work during troubled times.  I expect that Gm will turn this situation around and be stronger than anyone predicts today.

Cons: Managers seem to be too busy to spend time with employees
Little to no performance feedback
When solicited, performance feedback is very vague (i.e. good, if not I'd tell you, etc)
Lack of advancement opportunities
Poor Union Leadership and Management Leadership relationships
Still a culture of 'who you know' instead of 'what you've done' in terms of advancement
Little to no parity in regards to helping employees advance their own education (i.e. some get special perks due to people they know, outside of established criteria)
Advice: Take the initiative to give feedback to subordinate employees, particularly younger employees or those trying to advance within the corporation.
Address poor performance immediately instead of avoiding confrontation
Establish proper metrics to measure performance instead of vague items or 'department wide' items
Pros: Comaraderie between similar level employees
Pride in building high quality vehicles
Pride in the 'underdog' mentality
Some extremely good managers
Interesting projects to become involved in
Generally understanding to work/life balance, particularly when crises happen

Cons: Low senority results in 2nd or 3rd shift hours. Also lots of extreme overtime sometimes 7 days a week 12 hours a day. You do get compensated for the overtime, but difficult to have work life balance. The site I worked at only had 2 shifts and down to one so it was always at least 9 hours per day or more.
Advice: Salary staff may appreciate overtime in today's economy, but it shouldn't be required for a job and flexible within the work group. Low senority members should be able to use vacation the same way higher senority members. It is unfair working there for 5 years and having the lowest senority and never being able to take vacation around holidays.
Pros: Pay is good, but I also had a MBA and engineering degree which influences the pay you recieve. This position pay ranges.

Cons: Career planning is basically non-existent.  Also, some would say that favoritism is used when consideration is made for promotions.  The current management strategy seems to be to pit each function against the other functions so decision making is excruciatingly difficult.  Making progress often means that one must fight relentlessly until others give in through attrition.
Advice: Take some calculated risks and stop doing things a certain way because that is the way it has always been done.
Pros: The discount on cars is very good.  Also I really get along well with most of the people I work with.  The traditional week or so shutdown period between Christmas and New Year's Day (given as holidays) is something to look forward to every year.  Up until recently the healthcare benefits were outstanding.

Cons: Promotions are 100% based on who you know - 0% based on performance (at least within VSSM). This is an extremely political company, which is the princpal reason that it doesn't perform well in the marketplace. The not-invented-here symdrome is also fairly prevalent.
Advice: Do some serious house cleaning within the Exec ranks before the company implodes. Try zero-base assessments of the Directors and above.
Pros: If you love cars or trucks and everything in between, it doesn't get any better. GM's Design and Engineering are top notch in the industry when management let's them loose. GM's pay and benefits are generous - principally because management has to keep the salaried folks on par with the UAW folks. Most people at GM have never worked anywhere else in their career, not do they have the desire to work anywhere else.

Cons: The company is in serious trouble with large legacy costs.  The geographic location of GM limits the talent it can attract.  The company is stingy with productivity enhancers such as notebook computers, cell phones, virtual offices.
Advice: The geographic location of GM limits the talent it can attract.  Move to an attractive location and reap the financial benefits (and cull the workforce).  The very best employees can work wherever they want.  Very few will want to live in the Detroit area.
Pros: Company does not expect your soul.  General Motors offers a very  liberal vacation program.  General Motors offers a very liberal benefits package.  General Motors has a very intelligent workforce.

Cons: Work is very process driven 
No one is ever fired - many people still doing the minimum just to keep their jobs
Health benefits aren't the greatest
Current mode of slashing everything that is not critical - have even eliminated trash cans
Advice: Make the hard decisions needed now, short term sacrifice for long term reward.  I have been there for 8 years and have only seen the company decline since i've been there.  If decisions would have been made early the pain every one is going through now would be much less.
Pros: Excellent support structure for engineering world class products
Diversity in types of jobs available
Decent career growth available - must be proactive however
Detroit is an underrated city for those willing to do a little exploring

Cons: If there ever were a company that needed to listen to it's employees, GM is a prime candidate.  You are also a number within GM.  You can be told one minute that you are a management potential candidate and let go the next minute based on nothing more than your seniority.
Advice: My advise to the management of General Motors is take the tough task of restructuring head on.  Don't do things the easy way, but the right way.
Pros: GM is a company that has many things going for it right now.  Solid product line-up coming out and recently reduced debt load via bankruptcy will help GM to be a viable company in the near term.

Cons: Senior management does not get the point. During the most recent downsizing efforts, many employees were unfairly targeted due to flawed criteria (see: seniority). How do you make a "new" GM while terminating those employees with a fresh perspective, and keeping the ones that helped to make the severely flawed "old" GM?
Advice: Management needs to make more effective and courageous decisions on who will lead GM into the next phase of its life. Continuing with what hasn't worked in the past, is not gonna work in the future.
Pros: The people at General Motors are very friendly, and for the most part there is considerable room for professional growth. The company has instant name recognition and up until recently has been a leader in it's segment.

Cons: However, the pressue of deadlines, meeting objectives (cost, timing, production, sales) can be very stressful for some.  The hours are long and there can be alot of travel if you are managing a global program.
Advice: As GM downsizes to a smaller and faster company it must also downsize its processes.  When I left GM, the processes were strangling the creativity and drive of every one there.
Pros: The work has alot of variety and challenge.  There is a real opportunity to impact the final product.  As Program Manager for a vehicle you have the opportunity to work with all the functions, sales and marketing, design, engineering, quality, purchasing, manufacturing, etc.  As well, it is very rewarding to see your finish product on the road.

Cons: The company's hands are tied on promotions, raises, bonuses due to federal loans.  In hard times (2008-2009), pay cuts and lack of job security have driven away the top talent, although early retirement programs have cleared some of the dead wood.  Almost all are still at the same pay level as 2007 (for employees many years of service, this isn't too bad).
Advice: GM, like many older companies has 30% of your staff doing 70% of the work.  You need to incentive-ize  the risk for your hi-potential younger employees to stay with the company.
Pros: GM is really trying to turn itself around and understands the importance of change.  Many areas of the company are way understaffed so visibility to management can be pretty good.

Cons: Everything right now.  It is looking like they are heading towards bankruptcy.  There are massive cuts coming in the salary ranks.  Those that are left  will be taking pay cuts.  Our benefits have been getting cut the last several years.  We have only had one pay raise in the last five.  It is not a fun place to work right now.  Advancement has always been pretty poor, unless you were related to someone or knew someone higher up.
Advice: Look at the long term view of the company.  In all my years with the company, everything was always looked at in the short term.
Pros: I can't think of too many right now, due to their dire financial situation.  About ten years ago it was a decent place to work.  Competitve pay, good benefits, profit sharing, lots of vacation and holidays.

Cons: It can be hard to grow in responsibility or earn promotion at a company that is shrinking.  Also, GM is not a stable place to work at the moment (June of 2009).
Advice: The current federal involvement and bankruptcy is a true crisis, but it also affords the opportunity to move aggressively.  Make sure that the move is toward a future vision that makes sense for the company long-term.
Pros: GM has a team of smart, hard-working professionals working on some of the most exciting products in the world.  Pay and benefits are solid, and you will get a chance to contribute.

Cons: GM used to be a company that was a very good place to work at.  Unfortunately because of incompetent management appointments and decisions, they have run this company into the ground.  GM is big on culture and internal politics. They love people that go along with status quo.  Open your mouth and disagree with the bosses and you will be labeled Not A Team Player!
Advice: Car Sales should be the number one priority.  Here's a simply concept for them, the consumer wants a quality product at a reasonable price that doesn't break down.  People work hard for their money and want to get the most out of it.  Right now, they view GM products as not meeting this requirement.
Pros: None, except for the pay check and benefits, and really, the benefits and pay are average for a major corporation.

Cons: Respect was non-existent. If you wanted a better job just wait for 22 years and you will have a chance at it. Oh wait sorry they wont be there as they are closing shops all over.
Advice: Listen to your people. The people doing the job no what is wrong, why it is wrong and what can be done to fix it. If you would have listened to the people perhaps the companys quality would not have been where it has landed.
Pros: Benefits with this company were unbeatable. Believe me I have tried. The compensation program for this job was the greatest. Great pay, versatility and solid hours that were predictable.

Cons: Older generations made many decisions based on their own survival, not the long-term welfare of the company. Senior/mid-management blocked innovation for a few years. Current senior management is brilliant. Hope it's not too late for the company to reinvent itself.
Advice: Continue off-loading all the dead weight. Stay focused on product and quality.
Pros: Global scope. Given the large scale of the company, people are given a great level of responsibility from early on in their careers. Managers at GM have a level of responsibility comparable to directors of vice presidents at many other companies. It's the NYC of big business. If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere.

Cons: Big company = big bureaucracy at times.  Getting the smallest tasks done sometimes took too long - getting a new phone, new software, etc.  Terrible career advancements opportunities given poor revenues and shrinking employee base.  Some great people, but also some not so great to work with.
Advice: Find ways to retain top talent as best as possible, regardless of present financial state.
Pros: Despite what are probably some negative public perceptions, my immediate management was always extremely competent.  Management was very understanding of flexibility with time off.  Given a great deal of responsibility and usually received useful feedback on job performance, including ways to improve.

Cons: Static management limits carrier opportunities. Accountability falls mostly on engineer and not on management. Senior management is very political. Local management is variable. My current manager is very competent technically and is manages people well. Hold employees accountability, but still trusts them. The vast majority of GM managers are not like him.
Advice: Reduce layers of management. Get people in management who are problem solvers and old them accountable. Empower the engineers to make more decisions.
Pros: Reasonable balance between work and home life. Many very competent engineers. People get along very well. Access to some of the best facilities anywhere.

Cons: Miserable conditions throughout the auto industry.  Massive downsizing at GM in 2009, and it's not likely to stop now.  The domestic automakers may or may not resurge when the economy improves.  Extreme difficulty breaking through the "Baby Boomer" ceiling to gain responsibility commensurate with pay.  Job titles out of step with other big companies given comparable pay and responsibilities (GM titles not impressive enough), creating resume liabilities.
Advice: Good luck!  You'll need it!
Pros: GM is still a key global player in its industry, for those who have a passion for all things auto.  Cost of an excellent standard of living is reasonable in Detroit.

Cons: You consistenetly made to feel you are not wanted.  Your ideas and efforts are usually have no impact on the direction of the company.  Credit is taken for your work by management desperate to save their own jobs.  Very, very few real Leaders,
Advice: Respect and listen to your employees.  Being an executive does mean youare supposed develop and motivate your employees.  Hiding behing endless closed door strategy meetings 6-9 hours a day does not build team morale nor
Pros: Compensations is fair.  This was once a good company who had some good LEaders that are now gone.

Cons: Incompetence in managers.  Goals not clearly stated to subordinates.  Have not had performance reviews in a long time.  When confronted about new ideas, common statement is this is the way we have always done it.  Resistance to change for the sake of commonality.
Advice: In manufacturing, eliminate redundant layers of managers.  Quit pulling from the same schools unless you want the same results.  Decentralize if you want plants to compete against one another to see who is really the best!!!  
Plenty of downsizing of the "doers", but not one manager downsized.
Pros: New cutting edge technology.  People are good to work with.

Cons: Brain dead insular senior anagement. Lack of creativity in design of products. The pure arrogance of upper management is beyond compare. Neapitism is widespread, within management and union ranks. That produces the trouble you see today in many forms.
Advice: Wake up! Your slow to move and have little foresight in the U.S. market. I love GM, really and want to be part of a winning team. Your dealerships are GM to the consumer! I have bought 14 new GM cars and trucks in my 24 years with GM. I have had trouble with most all of them. People are willing to accept some of that, however they hate being treated like crap at the dealership. They also like to get their car fixed right the first time. I owned a Tahoe seven years ago, the dealership could not fix the problem and told me not to come back again.  After I graduated college I wanted to go into management.  The way supervisors are treated by higher ups is unbelieveable. Verbal beratings if counts are not made in front of employees, objects thrown about, threats are common....still are. The way senior management wants subordinates to treat hourly workers is sad and regretable. It is very frustrating working for GM. I have seen some very talented people leave and be extremly successful else were. They wanted to stay on, but they were told in so many words they did not have the connections or "have what it takes." GM managers who make a lot of money unfortunately correlate this with intelligence. Some may be good managers, but have little to no leadership abilites. There is little trust between union and management, still. We must resolve the fact that we are partners, and we win and lose together.
Pros: Pay and benefits are unfortunately the only reasons I stay. I have 5 more years and just want to be able to collect my pension and get the hell out of there.

Cons: Most of the cons come from working in the plant (rather than when working out of the engineering offices) - Long hours, no work/life balance, lots of travel, not much room for career growth (most never make it to management)
Advice: Recognize the forward-thinkers and top performers; clear out the "dead weight" to make room for productive, active employees. This includes your severance / termination criteria.
Pros: Name recognition, many different types of positions, incredible amount of resources / access to information, benefits and pay is one of the best in the industry, return on time investment

Cons: The recent restructuring and downsizing has left many of the wrong people.  They survived but for the wrong reasons.   They are great at "sucking up" but useless for actually getting the work done.
Advice: Continue to develop sales in Asia.  Restructure Engineering and remove the matrix organization.  More of the senior leaders need to go.  Too many never had direct profit and loss accountability and were never held responsible for not meeting budget targets.
Pros: The new GM still has some great products and strong professionals with whom to work.  They can recover if the industry comes back soon.

Cons: Unfortunately, the only voices senior leadership seems to care about are the ones like theirs.  They don't seem to want any diversity.  This will kill the company in the long run.
Advice: Even though you don't care about employees that are diverse....  you need to pretend you do.  Otherwise when the economy picks up, we will all be gone.  Who wants to work for a company where you aren't valued just because of the color of your skin or the gender you were born as?
Pros: Now is the time for GM to be making changes.  Everybody has a voice which wasn't always true.

Cons: Too much work not enough pay. Not enough desk space.  Not enough disk space.  Not enough pens.  Not enough pencils.  Not enough paper.  Not enough profits. So now there needs to be more time to think through what will come next and where will the unions end up.  It should be interesting to see how it all pans out.   Never a dull moment.  Never a dull moment indeed.  It is time.
Advice: Listen to the employees. Like the employees.  Put people first.  Stop the job cuts.
Pros: I worked with good colleagues. There is good coffee.  Parking is close to the buidling.  The cafeteria food isn't bad.  The work days aren't too long.  The elevators move quickly.

Cons: General Motors has had to recently downsize the company to reach budget numbers supplied by others (read: cut cost fast or receive no more $$$ from government).  This has resulted in a helter-skelter approach to headcount reduction.  "Zero-based" staffing, yeah, right!  It turned out to be a bloodbath, with many of the "protected" individuals remaining and very talented people being cut.  GM will be leaner, but how will it affect the quality of the product being developed and delivered?  I believe there will not be enough people remaining to do an effective job, but they will still be able to receive govt. money because they "reached their numbers".

The stress level prior to being let go by GM was intolerable.  People were suffering from stress-induced illnesses, taking time off, and under the threat of being let go at any time.  The executive level toed the corporate line when providing information, but of course, it was what they wanted the employees to hear, and "subject to change at any time", as best suited their needs.
Advice: Too late for me, but look a little closer at the people you are getting rid of because you "have to".  I have been in touch with others who were severed from the company (NOT laid off, as the media repeatedly reports - I have no opportunity to return when things look up) as well as people who remain, and there are a multitude of managers and directors who have been ineffective for years, abusive towards their employees (and reported and either moved or it has been brushed under the rug), and they are still being protected and remain in their jobs.
Pros: General Motors has been making huge strides in quality, product and service.  The face that the public sees via the media is extremely one-sided.  Rick Wagoner had been doing a great job bringing the corp. around, and for the past 5 years at least, the plan was working.  Fritz will continue to do the same, since the plan was working before the whole banking debacle brought down the house of cards that is the US economy.  GM allowed me to be creative and provide the support in my department that let me best represent my product.   I was proud to have been a part of the come-back of GM.

Cons: Difficult to voice your opinion and get your voice heard without hurting someone's feelings.  These hurt feelings will slow your career advancement.  Way too focus on perception and formalities and less on the needs of the product and future products.
Advice: Allow engineers to voice their views openly without the fear that they are committing a career staller.
Pros: The people around you are very smart.  The large network of people you develop relationships with will provide you support and mentorship as you grow with the company.  They can help answer any questions you may have.

Cons: I worked for a  great boss who actually interested in seeing me succeed. The problem is that GM is a ancient company rife with politics and "old boys club" mentality? 

Maybe things changed after the bankruptcy.
Advice: Tear down the walls and give your young talent an opportunity to thrive. Remove the "lifers" from the organization or, at least, move them to a position where they don't impede the growth of the ambitious.
Pros: General Motors is a global company and being on the global team I was able experience things that I wouldn't have otherwise.

Cons: The public has a negative view of GM and they have been laying people off which has created a lot of worry in the employees about their job security.  Also, they are very smart, but many have been working there for at least 15 years and tend to have a hard time thinking 'outside the box.'
Advice: Hire some younger employees to get a Generation Y perspective
Pros: Some of the smartest people I've met work at GM SPO.  The compensation is great and the employees truly care about their work.

Cons: Sinking ship.  Highly bureaucratic, which can be frustrating.  Executive pomposity, arrogance and internal blame games.  The politics can be vicious.  Long term industry prospects are not good.  Exec bonuses cancelled and salaries cut, which may take some time to recover.
Advice: Avoid business decisions based on gov't pressure (eg. domestic small car production program, plant closure decisions).
Pros: Experience with large, global, matrixed company.  International opportunities.  Employee vehicle program, benefits are still good.  Comp has been historically good, though has suffered as late.

Cons: With all the turmoil of recent months, employees individual needs have been badly neglected. Technical career path engineers no longer have advancement opportunity and the focus on technical excellence the company once had has diminished significantly.
Advice: Empower engineering teams to develop a sense of ownership by structuring them around product launches rather than commodities.
Pros: Opportunity to work with global partners in diverse countries - Korea, Germany, Australia. Brazil, China etc. In years past, the size of the company allowed employees to move around and try different jobs.

Cons: Its huge and things are slow to change.  The current turmoil is scary but also a great oppotunity for those still working there.
Advice: Listen to the customer, bring cars to the market that they want, quit having so many meetings and get working.
Pros: There is a wide variety of disciplines and functions within GM.  If you are in a good spot, you learn, you move and you are happy.  If you are in a bad spot, you could be stuck there.

Cons: You find yourself constantly chasing fires drills that do not improve your dristict or drive sales for the company.
Advice: Travel out into the field more before making decision in the office that letter are detrimental to the company.  Try to think long term.  Nothing is gained by implementing short tern sales objectives that later hurts the company's sales outlook.
Pros: As a field representative you are in charge of your district thus it gives you flexible hours.

Cons: It is a very large corporation and can be bogged down within the normal business processes easily.  The benefits package has been greatly reduced over recent years.
Advice: The system needs to be streamlined desperately.  Extremely difficult to do very small tasks due to the bureaucracy and political nature of the Corporation.
Pros: The compensation program was competitive with other companies within the automotive industry.  The amount of exposure to new and emerging technologies was good also.

Cons: The excitement and passion of the auto industry has completely evaporated leaving nothing but fear of the future and disdain of leadership
Advice: There performance should not be rated against how well they do for themselves (e.g. cost cutting), but how well they do for the organization as a whole.
Pros: It gives you exposure to the auto-industry's working.  Additionally, it lets you see how poor leaders can lead to a broken company.

Cons: poor management.  even worse communication.  pay not all that competitive.  benefits getting worse every day.  little opportunity for advancement.  more likely to get demoted than promoted.
Advice: listen to your employees.  value what they have to say.  hold people accountable (and that means management too).  reward good employees.
Pros: lot of opportunity to work on a variety of projects.  able to gain experience in different functions.  very talented people.

Cons: No job security, career advancement potential is extremely limited.  No real performance metrics, so involuntary separations seem to be based on perception or other subjective measures.
Advice: What happened to common sense?
Pros: It's hard to list any good reasons during these troubled times.  I'm sure that GM will survive and should emerge as a leaner and stronger company, so check back in a few years.  Working here now is depressing and stressful.

Cons: people that can not do job get moved up or given easy jobs,  dealing with uaw,  management dosn't support you in dealing with union
Advice: listen to the people on the floor, stop covering for underpreformers, help remove road blocks when dealing with the union
Pros: good pay,  weekend and early start  over time pay,  management works with you on time off,  lots of paid holidays,

Cons: We are going bankrupt.  The benefits favor hourly.  Promotions and movement are on hold due to the current corporate situation.
Advice: Look towards the future, should have a break even point that would be recession proof.  Should always have a bottom line and conserve our capital.
Pros: It is a great historical company.  Pay is good in comparison to other companies.  There will be a NEW GM!

Cons: In such a large corporation your individual accomplishments are lost in the "big picture".  Many employes are being kept (or lost) because of personal relationships, not job performance.
Advice: In your rush to downsize, you are losing many valuable employes. New talented employes are being let go while the "old boy" network continues.
Pros: At one time, it had great pay and benefits

Cons: Continued downsizing is demoralizing.
Increasing feeling that only senior leadership has any of the answers.
Advice: Encourage risk taking on the part of middle management, instead of keeping heads down and accomplishing nothing.  Reign in out-of-control purchasing organization that doesn't understand customer value.
Pros: Best Car Company to Work for.
Developing excellent new products

Cons: currently - market conditions are making it very stressful - also still a lot of old school management style - more and more is going away though . . .
Advice: Make sure that our PR people are doing their jobs!!!
Pros: Has been very steady - very competitive salary / benefits, etc.

Cons: The latest buzz word is "silo".  By definition that does not foster team work.  I cringe when I think that a silos' theme song is "That's not my job!"  All of us have to do a quality job to feed the assembly line and ultimately feed sales operations with incredible products. It's all eyes and ears focused on that and doing whatever it takes to achieve that.
Advice: Remember the words "Through these doors walk the greatest automakers in the world."
Pros: It used to be a great place to work.

Cons: poorly prepared leadership; lack of vision for future; insufficient drive and risk-taking to accomplish goals that will assure a successful future
Advice: Allow people the chance to use ALL their talent and ability.  Take pains to learn what people can do and then help them find that place in the company that they can do their best.
Pros: Good processes; many dedicated people;

Cons: The difficulty of trying to convicne the general public that we make very good cars and trucks.
Advice: Re-establish communication with your field staff.
Pros: A company that has tried to do the right thing for many decades but got caught in some of the most difficult business conditions of the last 75 years.

Cons: Old boys club. Financial management is the focus. Salary growth far below outside industry for technical people. No support or recognition from management. Employees are just a cost to be contained.
Advice: Think long term. Concentrate on product not on finance. Finances will take care of themselves once product is good. Top management should be product people not finance people.
Pros: Decent starting salaries. Used to be leader in auto industry. Breadth of knowledge of technical people is very good. Good place to gain expertise in different areas.

Cons: Organization in flux which is creating a lot of confusion at the middle and lower management levels
Advice: The company needs stability and employees need a better sense of their career path and developmental opportunities
Pros: Great work quality
The size and scope of the projects make the long hrs worthwhile

Cons: No upward mobility 
Lack of talent management process
Advice: You have to find a way to keep talent by increasing pay bands and bonus structure to high performers at the lower levels of the company
Pros: Company Car Allowance
GM is still a large company that has operations that span the globe

Cons: Long hours, working afternoon and night shifts, mandatory overtime, lack of communication from upper management, impossible to get get promoted unless you know someone on the inside
Advice: Try giving fair performance reviews and promoting people based on performance
Pros: The pay and the benefits

Cons: The opportunities for advancement are limited for obvious reasons, but they are trying to turn themselves around as a company.
Advice: My advise to management would be to make sound decisions and be very thoughtful with your path forward in order to make GM a great place to work and once again the maker of great cars and trucks.
Pros: Comfortable working environment and ability to handle change and adversity.  People are very nice and inclusive of others for the most part.

Cons: Lack of candid communication regarding next steps in a difficult time.
Advice: Talk to your employees about the hard choices we have to make and lead by example throughout the organization not just at the lower levels of management.
Pros: GM now makes very good vehicles.

Cons: Extremely poor management, lack of talented people, arrogant behavior from managers, people not eager to help, and huge bureaucracy.
Advice: Please recruit some smart people. You can't restructure with below average people!
Pros: GM employee discount for GM vehicle. Nothing else!

Cons: Promotions are based on who you know and not what you know.  Often higher educated employees with more experience are over looked for young "yes men".
Advice: Diversity is getting way out of hand.  Let's give people who earn opportunity priority over people who are in the right place at the right time.
Pros: GM tends to hold onto people even during bad times.  However, this means lower performers as well as high performers.

Cons: Many employees approaching retirement create a more conservative atmosphere.
Advice: They are very kind but they need to listen to employees regardless of work experience, instead of discounting newer employees.
Pros: The management does treat you well.
