Cons: Being one of the largest companies in the world, many things get delayed due to communication issues and procedures that are not clearly defined. With all of the downsizing and lateral moves still going on, large amounts of undocumented knowlege is being lost.
Advice: Many of the systems in place to document projects, processes and production are collecting the right stuff, but not very many people at the plant level understand the tools available to them.  My suggestion is to streamline the tools necessary to perform the job, then train everyone over and over on how to use those tools and how to use the data the posess.
Pros: Being one of the largest companies in the world, GM has the resources to make any size project work properly.  There are many layers of "check & balance" in place to validate new processes successful.

Cons: Company as a whole is not building leaders, but rather good engineers.  Leadership from high up often makes poor decisions or misinformed decisions.
Advice: Leadership needs to be making decisions based on information from customers and create an overall synergy between goals and the people performing the work to meet them.  Requirements should inspire innovations and improvements and not propose unrealistic goals in some categories, while moving projects in a direction that does align with the goal of that particular technology.  Management needs to take high risk, high reward projects on.
Pros: Manager was helpful and involved.  Everyone around the group was excited about work and interested in projects and new people.

Cons: Many boring, non-value added meetings.
Too much red tape to implement change.
Difficult to advance once they have you in a job that you're good at.
Once you're good at what you do, they leave you in that position forever.  People who can't complete their job are the ones who get promoted to something else.
Advice: Don't pigeon-hole employees for performing a job well.  Allow promotional opportunities.
Pros: Managers let you take the ball and run.
Freedom to make decisions, implement solutions and manage your time on your own.
Good work/life balance.
Mostly nice people with just a few "bad apples".
Fun atmosphere with potluck luncheons, picnics, bakesales, parties, etc.
Very little overtime required
Often received a "Job well done!" from management.

Cons: The overall management style is the archaic traditional top down, "do it my way" in key parts of the organization (like Purchasing - very "old school").  Other areas like Product Development are very progressive.  When they laid off people in 2009, they didn't let enough of the managers go.  GM is still very management heavy.
Advice: Bring back Rick Wagoner.
Pros: the diversity of career paths and people make GM a great place to explore different career tracks, all while building service with the same company.  The level of competence of most professionals is very high.  The course offerings for job training are amazing... truly best in class.

Cons: Lack of job security and a very limited culture that hinders one's ability  to get approval to get things done.  Need to change culture to survive--a long term goal not easily attainable.
Advice: Find your own best vision and culture rather than following the vision and culture of Asian auto companies. Lead, and don't follow because if you follow you must be number 2 or lower....
Pros: Good opportunity to see a large company function and get along in a highly competitive environment.  Can learn the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats to a large automotive company facing a future of cut throat competition for market share.

Cons: Can be hard to transfer to another department unless it is a promotion. Can be held back on a lateral job transfer. Not a lot of internal jobs yet. Could be some great opportunities
 in the next three years.  If you are involved with UAW workforce be prepared for a most bizarre work environment.
Advice: Now that the bankruptcy is behind us you better treat existing employees well or they will leave when the job market improves.
Pros: Large corporation with many different fields to move into. Example: manufacturing to purchasing, supply chain, quality, or finance.

Cons: It is difficult to advance without getting someone to like you.  The company also doesn't have a program for career growth.  It feels constricted that you don't how to advance either.
Advice: Focus on making the best cars and don't have the vehicles compete with themselves.  The latest vehicles are getting better.
Pros: The best part of GM is the flexibility.  Being a large company, you have a people that can cover for you if you need time off.  The pay is competitive and has a great benefits package with time off.

Cons: Everyone seemed on edge about losing their jobs and walking by row after row of empty cubicles was a bit depressing. It seemed tough getting into areas which matched your interests. It appeared that there wouldn't be much opportunity for working abroad if hired on full time.
Advice: Hire back some of the interns who worked for you when you canceled all of their internships.
Pros: The product development environment is fantastic if you're a car nut. The pay as an intern was great and the location was beautiful. At least Milford was. I'd say the opposite about Warren and Detroit.

Cons: Working with the UAW is childish.  The ability to be a manager is taken from you because of the contract is spelled out for every situation and what management can and can't do.
Advice: Look at the talent in the ranks.  Many people do not ever get a chance to show their ability.  People need to be able to prove themselves in different roles.
Pros: Pay and benefits.   Before the bankrupcy, it was a great place to work just for the pride to say to people that you work for GM.

Cons: Not much interdepartmental cooperation

Those that can get things done get to do it all, while those that can't sit back and watch those that can (and still get paid)
Advice: Please get rid of the non-performers.  Fix things when they are broken.  Stop squabbling about spending five cents per car to fix a problem when the car sells for $50,000.
Pros: Rich heritage and lots of talent were once the reasons to work there, now that everyone has been given early retirements, or dismissed, there has been a great brain drain.

Cons: The government taking over the company and management has really shaken things up and made things a lot more shakey.  People dont buy american enough so Toyota and foreign automakers offer better pay and benifits.
Advice: Good job treating employees fairly and providing bonuses and EVP money for hard working employees, Time off at the Holidays is a great reason I keep working here.
Pros: Great employee relationships, good time off and benifits, Good 401K and stock options (even though the BK wiped out my common stock shares).  Overall I like working here

Cons: The bankruptcy has been demoralizing, but, GM is coming back.  Expect long hours and sometimes inconvenient travel.
Advice: Focus on stablity
Pros: If you're willing to put in the time and effort and learn from many experienced colleagues, GM can be a great place to work.  The automotive industry is brutal.  Be ready to be challenged with high expectations and expected results.  But, having been a lead engineer on Camaro, I can attest to the satisfaction of being a part of creating a mangnificent, emotional product.

Cons: Large amount of employees creates too much redundancy in decision making processes.  Little to no feedback on career paths or advancement.  Large amount of salary disparity between engineers doing the same job with the same responsibilities.
Advice: More emphasis should be placed on career planning and mentoring.  This aspect is completely absent from the yearly review process.
Pros: Large amount of positions worldwide.  Latest technology for automotive engineering is available to you.  Great benefits.  Flexible when time off is needed.

Cons: Upper management does not understand the customer experience and that customers want reliable, dependable, world-class vehicles.  Too many of their vehicles are mediocre or just better than their last model.
Advice: Focus on the product and the customer experience.  Excel in these and your reputation will improve.
Pros: General Motors truly has limitless resources.  They have enough intelligent, committed people that they can build a world-class vehicle with the proper leadership (Corvette, Cadillac CTS are two examples).

Cons: The place is run by bean counters with no "feel" of the auto industry
too many layers of middle management that are slow to change
Good business practices twarted by the arcane Union rules (Jobs Bank for example)
Advice: Break all union contracts
Out source your financial & accounting - don't let it run your business
Be about making cars, not careers
Pros: Salary and benefits (company car) were above average.
Projects were large and interesting
Engineers are dedicated and hard working
Hard to find more emotional and interesting products than cars

Cons: Bureaucratic mess. Authoritative management style, ruled by fear and intimidation. Executive spy planted within the organization. Cad Bldg was not an encouraging environment to work. There were plenty of people in position of management at GM, who wouldn't last a month in most companies. The HR department was also a big joke.
Advice: Change has come to GM. The good ole boy club is just about gone. The advice was received upon the filing of the bankruptcy.
Pros: Global presence, access to information and data. Abundant leverage afforded most commodities.

Cons: - Impossible to get promoted to managerial level (8th level) unless you kiss a lot of ass
- Career development is non-existant
- Not at all the stable company it once was in its hayday
Advice: Get down off your ivory tower and help those below you instead of placing blame for your poor performance on those who work for you.
Pros: - Good pay, medical benefits, fidelity benefits, and time off
- Work life balance available
- GM car discount for employees

Cons: Not all managers were the greatest.  Occasionally, not enough projects or assignments were given which led to major down time.
Advice: Of the two I worked for, one was a little harsh when it came to reviews.  He expected more projects to be completed but didn't assign enough to begin with!
Pros: Excellent experience while still studying in college.  The compensation was also excellent.  Projects were varied and very interesting.  It was a great place to intern.

Cons: Long hours building stuff all day, little time to sit down and actually eat lunch. There is alot of drug tests which can be a bummer.
Advice: Treat us union workers with more respect please. All we want to do is work and leave. Building good cars for America is crucial to fighting the terrorists
Pros: Best place to sit around and do nothing if your into that. Love my job hate the management. Pay is ok I guess.

Cons: Major recent changes in health insurance benefits, employees must pay higher deductibles before benefits kick in.  Lots of poor team leaders and managers with no experience leading people.
Advice: People in leadership positions should be required to attend regular training and receive quarterly performance reviews using feedback from peers and subordinates.
Pros: Salaries are in line with the rest of the industry.  There are a variety of classes to upgrade or improve your skills.

Cons: If you are not an analyst, there is really no where else for you to advance in the Finance Division.
Advice: Some managers should allow the middle managers more autonomy, and allow them to take credit for a job well done.
Pros: Some of the reasons why I would encourage other to work at GM include, challenging work, respectful environment, comparable pay and benefits and a good work life balance.

Cons: Few opportunities for promotion due to a shrinking  organization.  This migh improve over time as there are a lot of manager with many years that are close tio retirement.
Advice: Hire more management from outside the company to get more fresh ideas.
Pros: Interesting job with an oportunity to work with a lot of experienced people. Get to work on interesting products that will have an impact in the market place.

Cons: Government ownership, slow advancement, bureaucracy to name a few.  Sometimes it's very hard to see how your specific efforts tangibly affect the end product or bottom line.
Advice: Shoot for the stars.  Slim down your product line and focus on making the best vehicles in the world.
Pros: if you like cars this is a great place to work.  it's a huge company with lots of interesting facilities.

Cons: The culture is pretty rigid and bureaucratic
The opportunities for advancement and few and far between
Some groups are required to work very long hours (few groups)
Advice: Work to change the culture
Create opportunities for advancement
Cycle people through positions more often
Get rid of the frozen middle management
Pros: Competitive pay, a lot of vacation, ability to purchase vacation days, generally good work life balance depending on the group you work in

Cons: Limited growth potential beyond a certain level. Then it becomes routine work and executing dayily needs only.
Advice: Need to develop open communication channels within the organization. Need to listen to feedback and act on good feedback information.
Pros: Depending on the local management/job responsibilities, could be a good place to develop a good career. However, this may not be true after getting to certain level.

Cons: There are a lot of poor managers at GM.  There is a lot of nepotism.  It was very sad to see how little managers knew about the people that worked for them.  Overall teamwork between plants and central office and between departments was terrible.
Advice: GM needs to purge many mid-level and lower level managers.  Much more than they have already done.
Pros: There are a lot of talented, hard working people at General Motors.  I had a lot of respect for my co-workers and enjoyed working with them.

Cons: Poor on-boarding.  Culture fosters an environment that is overly competitive/ cut-throat.  Workload is enough for two full time jobs.
Advice: Less finger pointing, more acceptance, help and support could lead to a more creative and productive work environment.
Pros: Monetary compensation and benefits are great.  Most managers are great at encouraging work life balance and understanding vacation time.

Cons: I was kept busy all day. Work week was long, usually ranging from 55-65 hours a week, but at least I was paid for it. Time off is often and much needed. Sometimes stressful.
Advice: Give workers a break.
Pros: Good pay, and the job was interesting. I liked the way the factory was run and had few complaints about the mid-level leadership.

Cons: Cons include longs hours, mediocore salary, little room for advancement. Old boys club environment. Continual layoffs increase office stress. Litle diversity
Advice: Increase the amount of challenging work to be done.. Increase product design and variety. Invigorate environment. Keep hope alive for a better GM.
Pros: Good product variety however, due to economy, its is extremely stressful. We went through bankruptcy and several stressful periods.

Cons: Since General Motors is a multinational corporation, work schedules can be varied from very early meetings to very late meetings
Advice: Stay on track with the turn around plan. General Motors historically is an outstanding company and the company can make a come back!
Pros: Great products, challenging environment, interesting, always something new to learn, very supportive of family events, good feed back loop, established

Cons: ol boys club,,,it is still who you know
Advice: lots of mid management, drawing high salaries, company vehicle and very close to retirement, and you choose to let the younger employees go based on seniority...how does that hold for the future?
Pros: Exciting products, great colleagues, good experience

Cons: Very lethargic and slow moving culture.  Little encouragement from management and left to languish type of work plan and effort.
Advice: Shake up the place.  Bring in some fresh thinking and blood to the mix.
Pros: Large multi-national company with many location, projects and products to work on.

Cons: Nepotism
Too many senior leaders protecting their own interests
HR administration: no power, no say
No clear direction
No leadership
Too many 'silos"
No long term strategy
Advice: Get real and objective feedback. Review senior leader headcount and take appropriate decissions
Make right decissions concerning employees and workload
Review HR management
Leaders with huge egos and lots of 'followers" telling them what they want to hear
Give  recognition to the workers in lower levels
Pros: Global Company
Good facilities
Training
Time off
Vacations
perks
Salaries
GM University

Cons: Communications are very poor.
Still a lot of "old-school" type management personalities.
Advice: Overcommunicating is better than not doing it at all. Please look at mid-levels for "re-structuring"
Pros: Great products being introduced and would like to be a part of the turnaround

Cons: Too large and too old school
Advice: Promote from within , let many of the old school managers go. Their way of management does not relate to the new direction that I think GM would like to go.
Pros: American company . Treats employees well.

Cons: bankruptcy, relocation to keep jobs, market share down,
Advice: downsize Detroit corporate office staff to match size of new GM.  You have dumped half vehicles (Saturn, Pontiac, Saab, Hummer) but still have all of the silo's
Pros: good pay, overtime, pension,little travel
