Cons: I was laidoff before others that had less seniority than myself.  There were 10 of us in this situation.  I am the only one left that did not take a severance or transfer to a new plant.  It's not right but the union does what ever it wants to if it pleases them.
Advice: I have no words...in fact my issue wasn't with management.  I did my job and I did it well.  The union is my issue...I know that they help me in many situations but in this one it was a decision that the union made so they could retain others (one the shop chairs nephew) so others were laid off.  I still pay union dues 3 years later and they won't even return a phone call from me.  I've called 3 times in 3 years.  So glad I went and got my bachelors on them.
Pros: I had 10 years of service when I was laidoff, which gave me the opportunity to go back to school through the TAA program and still get my subpay.  So it was the best case situation for me in a bad situation.

Cons: A lot of the Union members favor an adversarial relationship with management, as opposed to understanding that it behooves us to work cohesively. The upper management is more "tolerable" of disrespectful behavior from Union leadership than what I'm accustomed to, but that seems to be common in this area. I'm not confident it's the same way in Detroit.
Advice: Maintain the unity that I've seen amongst salary individuals thus far. In addition, we need to perpetuate the imperative nature of our success to the hourly employees. The company (like any other), could easily find itself in a bad situation again, depending on our actions and the economy.
Pros: General Motors offers some of the best benefits available from a work place. We have 16 scheduled paid holidays, and start out with 3 weeks vacation. The medical benefits are also phenomenal in comparison to many other companies. Most people that complain either haven't worked anywhere else, or haven't done so in a very long time. In addition. the pay is also very competitive.

Cons: They still haven't weeded out the old style managers the ones that use intimidation and job threats to try to get performance results. Long hours 10 hour days sometimes 6 and 7 days a week. The union environment is not ideal by any means and ultimately unless you are higher up in the company the compensation just isn't worth what you have to deal with on a day to day management.
Advice: Upper Management (The Staff) need to have more one on one meetings with entry level supervisors. I feel the staff really does try to make GM a workplace of choice but 9 times out 10 they have no idea what is going on out on the floor. The are fed lines from middle management and just assume that what they are saying is true. You need to inspect what you expect.
Pros: The company is very large so there are opportunities to move within the company but the downside is you need permission from your current employer to move so your career path is in their hands. If you're lucky enough to move up through the ranks the compensation is very good not to mention they give you a company car. They do offer bonuses, but they are based off of profit sharing numbers and performance.

Cons: Government stigma hanging over our heads by the uniformed public that believes the the politicians are controlling our every move.  It simply is not true. GM was on the road to improvement long before the banks collapsed and the government had to step in.  No one wants to improve the stock price and get the government completely out of our business, more than every single employee and retiree....
Advice: Continue with the current direction to build a Fortress Balance Sheet and satisfy our customers.
Pros: Innovative, empowering, technologically and socially advanced.  Great direction from top leadership who understands the history and is dedicated to not reliving it.  Being a large company can have some disadvantages but everyone here who survived the Bankruptcy is fully dedicated to doing whatever it takes to make sure we continue to satisfy our customers by building and selling the worlds best vehicles.

Cons: Very difficult to move around the company
"Good-Ole Boy" Network.  If you are not that, then you are not allowed the same opportunities.
All employees are not treated fairly.  It is about who you know and not about the worker you are
Advice: If you say you are going to hire on the outside, really hire on the outside.  Just don't hire those people are related to current employees.  Give everyone qualified a fair shot.  Promotions and deciding who to let go should be based on the effectiveness of the employee's work and not based on who they know.  But that is how it is at GM.  I said so many years, I wonder how that person got this job, but there are a lot of people there like that, especially in management.
Pros: Big Company, you meet tons of people
Nice salaries
Safe place to work

Cons: Middle management (Directors down to Chief Engineers) seem to be so "ladder" focused at the expense of corporate competitiveness.
Extrordinary efforts are often rewarded whereas results are not.
Tout "Workplace of choice" when 50 hour work weeks are the expected norm
Advice: The current recognition systems reward individual effort.  Need to find a way to reward genuine team efforts.
Instead of demanding 10 hour workdays, create a workplace that entices people to put in those hours willingly.
Focus on rewarding workers for favorable results instead of just effort.
Give genuine accountability and lattitude to directors, chiefs and managers.  Carefully review leaders capabilities to produce results and adjust org accordingly.  Eliminate/diffuse any "good old boys clubs" and identify those who produce valuable results.
Pros: Complex technical challenges
Ability to contribute to technical leadership of the company
Flexible work hours

Cons: We are (and will continue to be) a work in progress.  Still streamlining structure and communications from the beast we were.  Vestigial pathologies are still being identified and addressed.
Advice: Drive On!  Sr. Management continues to do great job living and modeling  the customer-centric behavior that is the key to our survival.
Pros: GM provides opportunity for a rewarding and engaging career.  With the governments support, GM weathered the storm and is rapidly returning to being the flagship it once was.  The govt and interim management helped tear down an outdated and belligerent culture.  Current management continues to work on improving the company and developing a moat, consisting of world class product and customer ownership experience.

Cons: too many layers and old General Managers and above trying to protect turf and keep fat in organization. dull HR.
some old guard while necessary will stop GM from being innovative.
Advice: now that you have a clean sheet from Chapter 11, question every major initiative of Executive Director and above that sounds self promoting or process creating. Hire from colleges creatively and when hiring from outside, be opportunistic. Their timing and your timing may not match. Retain good people by giving them important assignments.
Pros: smart analyst. best in class finance and engineering staff and facilities.
great brand name. now have a clean sheet and lot of baggage shed
smart engineers.
finance whiz have been humbled.
many retiring in next 5-10 years.

Cons: There’s a challenge when you build a car with incredibly hot styling: how do you insure it goes as good as it looks? With a car like the redesigned Chevy Camaro the sport sedan’s fifth generation launched as a 2010 model, it’s a tall order to compliment the hot, high-speed lines with the kind of acceleration, braking and handling the car clearly looks capable of.
Advice: none
Pros: Fifth-generation marks the return of the Camaro after an 8 year absence. This new body style is built on the Zeta RWD platform, produced by General Motors in Australia. Whereas previous Camaros were considered the F-Body type, this is a completely new chassis which is said to be lighter, has all wheel independent suspension, and better weight distribution.

Cons: Have to live with critics all around in press and public due to the 80's and recent bailout.
Advice: Work on career paths and doing more to reduce silos (still many departments that should be combined.
Pros: Making exciting products if you are into cars...taking home a Corvette or a CTS-V or the latest plug in Spark or Volt is much more exciting for me than my friend's perks n Silicon Valley who get to take home the latest software on their laptop.  Very good pay for the area's cost of living. Good vacation plan. Good schools.  Overall good for families.

Cons: Actually working for two bosses.  Getting paid from one and having to pay the other.  Little to no work flexibility (life/work balance).  Lack of willingness to bridge the divide created by years of "contractual negotiations".  Lack of merit based pay, seniority is the only right in job placement.
Advice: Work together and stop fending for the betterment of the individual.  The worst Introductory training program that I have ever experienced (per diem training).  The ideology of "your with us or against us" has got to be deconstructed in order for the company to continue.
Pros: Great benefits and outstanding pay for labor.

Cons: Work environment can be impersonal.
Job Application process is impersonal.
Engineers do more project management than engineering.
Advice: Create more opportunities for Engineers to engineer and apply their skill set and be creative; align employees with careers that take advantage of their skill sets and career goals.
Transparency and interaction with employees is of great importance in retaining and encouraging the best talent.
Pros: Compensation is on par with the industry.
Many different career opportunities for a growing or ever changing career path.
Great access to automotive benefits such as the opportunity to drive the vehicles, access to service documents, and more.

Cons: HR still has an old-school mentatility and often fights upward movement for employees that are "too inexperienced" (e.g. too young), and still pushes a seniority-based instead of talent-based retention model.  Management fights the battle, and often wins, but still difficult to manage a business when you cannot make the decisions that need to be made on the personnel side.
Advice: None
Pros: Managment rewards talent, and fosters an environment that thrives on teamwork and relationship building.  You do have to put in long hours on occassion, but this is a company with endless possibilities, including rotations outside of the States, several legal business entities the size of fortune 500 companies, and cross-functional experiences.

Cons: Expectations are for 12+ hour work days, anything less and you're a slacker.
Advice: HR practices are so far out of alignment that the company has no chance for success.  Top performers are not rewarded, under performers are not dealt with, which eventually drives the top performers down to a lower level of performance.  Additionally, performance metrics are not in alignment with company goals, again, driving the wrong performance.  This appears to be a fairly common problem across Manufacturing, Purchasing and Engineering.
Pros: The use of company vehicles is a nice bonus.

Cons: Empowerment has been replaced with more central decision making and micro-management.  Decisions that could be made at lower levels with cross-functional teams has been elevated, thus making decision making slower and more detached from the work.  The outcome of the elevated decisions, however, are borne by the lower levels - - successes credited to upper leaders, failures relegated to mid-lower leaders.  Relative to promotional opportunities, a candidates "personal brand" and recallable performance are considered.  If you don't have a champion to help provide feedback during those HR discussions, you may fair worse in being considered for future promotional opportunties.
Advice: Performance along won't preserve your high ranking amongst your colleagues.  Its important to work perception with higher management although there is limited mechanisms in place to influence your perceived " personal brand".  There needs to be a more formal assessment of employee's potential to perform, desired competentcy match for future opportunties and consideration of actual performance during a relevant time period to create a fair and equitable environment.  Dispelling the belief that "who you know" is now more important that performance is important for GM to retain or attract high potential employees.
Pros: Ability to move through various units for a rich career experience.  GM enables movement between technical and management opportunities and across units, if supported by your management and with good performance ratings.  GM also offers a number of locations for their various units and often.  From an empowerment perspective, the more distant from Central Office a unit is, the more decision makers are empoowered.  If you managed to have good ratings and a good perceived "personal brand", overseas opportunities will become available to you and GM does a good job helping employess and their families to make that transition.  The overseas GM units are very interesting and offer a very rich work culture and experience.

Cons: Very bureaucratic.  Do not provide much work life balance.
Some departments / divisions have a terrible working atmosphere.  You can be in a great work area then transfer to new area for a promotional opportunity, and the atmosphere is completely different.
Advice: Need to provide more work life balance if you want to keep your talented employees.  It isn't all about pay and benefits, you also need to respect your empoyees family life.
Pros: Large organization in US - so you have a lot of opportunities for growth.
Great benefits.
Some departments / divisions have an excellent working atmosphere.

Cons: Bureaucracy, favoritism, process impovements and complexity reduction are always talked about but nothing is ever done due to middle management being bottlenecks in the process, no work/life balance, in a lot of groups still "the old boys club" tendencies, same mentality as 20-30 years ago, poor performance evaluation process without any valuable constructive feedback (if they want to promote someone - they will find the reasons, if they don't want to promote someone - they will find the reasons as well).
Advice: Please refer to "cons".
Pros: Good experience to add to the resume, good assignments to stretch and challenge your skills.

Cons: Lateral moves are abundant, but upward mobility to executive is a challenge. There are not a lot of executive openings for you to aspire to, so can become disillusioned it you don't challege yourself.
Advice: Retire and make room for others to advance :-)
Pros: Company is so big that you have the opp to work for many different functions. Some functions have very dynamic leaders while others leave something to be desired. It just depends on where you work.

Cons: Listening to the "old timer's" complain about how GM screwed them gets annoying. People have a lot of sour grapes over GM getting bailout money.
Advice: Try and develop a career path for people to follow. Also have human resources be more active in providing career guidance.
Pros: General Motors is a great company to work for. They provide great career guidance and you can learn a lot. The benefits and pay are very good. You work with very good people, get treated well, and the hours are pretty good.

Cons: Pay structure reduced.   Raises are no longer added to base, one time payment.   Pensions frozen for salary, not hourly. Certain salary pensions allowed to go to government administration with drastic reductions. 401k's are a fine alternative, but employer contribution much lower during the days of pension accrural.
Advice: Salary workforce will be mobile as economy picks up, no incentive for longevity
Pros: Matches background, industry has downsized considerably.  I am not sure if I am lucky or unlucky to still be in the industry.

Cons: The problem is that the oppurtunities for advancement are not there.  It seems that upper management has determined already who will get promoted before any interviews are conducted.
Advice: Explain to people why things are done.  Too many times there are changes or decisions without any good explination.  Sometimes you just hear, because that is how so and so wants it.
Pros: The co-workers are great.  There is a lot of oppurtunities to do different things in many different areas of the company.

Cons: It was hard to grasp all of the information all at once in the short amount of time that I was present.
Advice: At the beginning, ease the people into the internship.  It was difficult at the beginning for I had no knowledge of the job prior to starting there.
Pros: Team aspect and overall process flow.  The management worked hard to make sure that everything was running smoothly and every one worked as a team.

Cons: General sense of complacency, no motivation to go "above and beyond".  Old boy network firmly in place; only a small minority involved in serious product development.  Old mentality led to this company's problems.  The writing was on the wall for a long time.
Advice: Bloated workforce considering the output.
Pros: Great benefits.  Lots of job opportunities if you are willing to try "new" things.  Great employee product discounts.

Cons: Uninformed management not qualified to do the job of their subordinates.  Extreme arrogance in middle management.  Too much middle management.  A "good 'ol boy" network that is alive and well.
Advice: 
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits.  Great  opportunity to expand to different functional career areas while staying within the same company.  Significant amount of responsibility given to low level employees.  Excellent training.  Excellent policies and procedures, and work related technology tools (like Peoplefinder).

Cons: The culture is very much a us/against them facility and you don't see anyone from upper management that try and dispel this.
Advice: I would recommend that the folks that actually build the trucks be given some say in the implementation of standards and policies,  so you get the buy-in from traction level.
Pros: I take pride in my work, so I'm able to see the product me and my team built. This aspect I enjoy.

Cons: One of the cons is that you may not necessarily be a part of the design activity. You have to manage the project as a whole as well as manage suppliers.
Advice: Empower the DRE
Pros: The environment is very dynamic and versitile. The engineer interfaces with almost every aspect of the company especially when placed on project early on in the pre-development phase. Quite a bit of knowledge can be gained from peers with several years experience.

Cons: If you're in design or research, you'll be continually battling for acceptance of your ideas.  It's a "no" organization to the nth degree.
Advice: The middle layer needs to go to bat for their employees more.  Stop acting as if you have tenure, and re-discover that passion you had when you first started at the company.
Pros: If you're an engineer, I imagine it would be great.  They are also very gracious with holidays and vacation.  Finally, I found the employee discounts on products to be nice.

Cons: Can be lost in the large bureaucratic organization.  Too many leadership changes.
Advice: If a company fails, it doesn't mean that all the former people and all the former processes were broken or at fault.
Pros: Many opportunities in different business functions and different places around the world.  If you're willing to work hard and take the initiative, you will be rewarded.

Cons: Stagnant Growth opportunities after turn around. Less leadership jobs and many good candidates now in the company.
Advice: Provide more clear career progression picture/opportunities. Some of the leadership has been stagnant for ages and needs to be offered packages to get fresh leaders in these positions.
Pros: Global opportunities, learning in processes, & great people. More focus on making it a work place of choice for the employees.

Cons: Career development can stall very easily if you don't aggressively take an interest and control it on your own.
Non-monetary benefits are great, but monetary benefits are sometimes if not often overlooked
Advice: Focus on re-building the brand......and everything else will come.
Pros: Leaders are focused on ensuring that morale is high.
Organization is committed to doing whats right for the customer
Culture is improving....just need a little time

Cons: Over the past 15 years the opportunities to advance in the company have been severely restricted.
Advice: Get a little more involved in understanding what employees are doing and show some interest and enthusiasm for a vision for your own group.
Pros: Variety of people and projects. 
Interesting assignments and some global travel experiences.
Many fine vehicles.

Cons: If your not a fast tracker you go no were
Advice: Someone needs to take a hard look whats going on at the assembly plants, nothing but smoke and mirrows when people visit. They need to investagate the real people that make things happen not just the ones they set up for show.
Pros: It used to be the best place to work, not no more

Cons: As a global company, there is no "close of business".  Work life balance looks great  on a HR presentation but does not seem to exist in real world expectations.  Expect to be "always" working.
Advice: 
Pros: Incredible resources and benefits.  A group of very talented and smart people.  Consistent push to be "the best" at what they do.

Cons: too much uncertainty. need more movement. don't want to say anymore. Will promote this again. There is better thinks to do.
Advice: get better. promote people base on their ability to get the job done, instead of how go a ass kisser they are.
Pros: good benefit, much growth opportunity. I will like to said something better, but there is nothing comes to my mind.

Cons: Extremely dependent upon your immediate management. But generally lack trust and respect for the employees. Poor listening skills in top management.
Advice: Need to increase focus on the customer, rather than regulatory requirements and cost only.
Pros: Highly technical work. Meeting many people. If you really like cars, this is the place to be.

Cons: R&D Directors and higher remained mostly unchanged after bankruptcy resulting in more of the same decisions that put us there...
Advice: Spend some non-adversarial time with the salary ranks and eliminate Directors reporting to Executive Director spouses.
Pros: I have always had good group managers that fought for their people (note this in not the norm at GM)

Cons: Very little motivation when raises aren't given. Engineers are project managers and don't really do much "engineering", just a lot of supervising and paperwork. Unless you are in Detroit you feel very disconnected from the company.
Advice: Find ways to provide incentives for work done.
Pros: Very rewarding seeing your product on the road. Great benefits.

Cons: Little opportunity for advancement, still run in areas like its the 1980's, pay is stagnant.
Advice: Retrain your middle mamagement to get with the times. Stop using "fortress balance sheet" as an excuse not to give any salary increases.
Pros: I've always loved working on cars. Being part of the future of transportation is exiting

Cons: Redundant meetings. Insufficient utilization of talent.
Advice: Focus on diversity.  In progressing ahead the talents of employees need to be utilized.  An example would be certain types of training, such as greenbelt.  Everyone should be exposed to understand the philosophy of incremental improvements
Pros: Great opportunity for learning.  Lots of good changes

Cons: Poor upper management, no raises, too much process, slow at decision making
Advice: Get a new CEO, let the designers and engineers make world class, high tech products, lead on technology instead of following the competition
Pros: Decent salary, opportunity to move around and gain new experiences

Cons: Hard to move around from job to job and move forward. Very political and beuracratic.
Advice: Respect the people who work for you and need to make decisions on fairness rather than political reasons.
Pros: Good salary with real learning experience at the job if you want to learn

Cons: Red tape - Since its too big there can be redundant red tape issues
In many areas, even though you may be an engineer you may not do core technical work.
Advice: None
Pros: Fair Salary.
Understanding and accommodating for personal life - Flexible hours
Opportunities to try different engineering area

Cons: We keep losing more benefits.
Advice: Come out to the job sites and shake hands with the real workers.
Pros: Salaried position and I get to do many different jobs.

Cons: its hard to change a culture
Advice: reward people on what they are able to accomplish, lossen up the rules on how to get creative and complex work done
Pros: management working hard to improve the culture which has been slow and cumbersome

Cons: - Most of meeting start to 6 am 
- Several layers of beauracracy
- Hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: - Wide range of opportunities to choose from if you get bored in current position
- Great health benefits
- Great  holiday package
- Good pay
- Flexible work time

Cons: Value process instead of engineers; management has no long term vision
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work/life balance; Very good vacation time. 
Good company to gain experiences 
Decent pay

Cons: evaporating benefits, lack of resources, lack of communication, no pay raises
Advice: Stop creating executive jobs, start staffing the plants with employess, not temps or contract people
Pros: the people in the plants

Cons: a very slow moving dinosaur with people at the top that do not have sufficient experience in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: big, can learn a lot, can get into some very exciting programs if you are in the right spot and at the right time

Cons: Processes and poor tools really drain any enthusiasm employees have to come to work
Advice: Stop promoting people that are technically inept, you are dumbing down a once great corporation.
Pros: Certain areas of the company get to live with the product

Cons: Long shifts, Seen no real chance of advancement
Advice: Focus on job differentiation, find a way to keep the employees interested in what they are doing
Pros: The pay was awesome, lots of overtime

Cons: Don't always reward employee's for outstanding dedication
Long hours
slow to none advancement
Advice: Open your eye to who is keeping the business running, and take care of them
Pros: For the most part it's stable
Pay is better than most
Benefits

Cons: Management sometimes makes some really bad decisions and dont always listen to the workers who actually do the work.
Advice: Should put more stock in what the team members have to say!!
Pros: I work with the greatest people in the world!

Cons: A little too much control by the finance people who obviously have not always done a particularly good job.
Advice: Trust the true believers, and understand the customer
Pros: The place to be if you are a car guy
