Cons: Irregular performance reviews and career-pathing is non-existent except in rare cases.  Promotional and even lateral movement is meted out on an almost random basis.  "Problem children" and prima donnas get ahead faster than anyone who actually works for a living.  Pay is not based on performance, except in rare instances.  Variable pay is a complete joke.  Constant fear of downsizing in the last 7 years, with the only seeming logic behind the cuts being "retirement eligible" or "somewhat voluntary separation package."  Problem performers are never dealt with, and thsoe managers that do deal with problem employees are not encouraged to do so.  Very "experienced" workforce does not like working outside of their silos, and actively stymies/undermines that behavior.  Communication of company policies/decisions flows top-down and is so steeped in jargon designed to spoon-feed the kool-aid, that it's both unbelievable and unstomachable.
Advice: The corporate culture needs an enema, plain and simple.  The company cannot continue to be run as if seniority is the only basis for advancement, and that "management trainee" is the equivalent of saying "longest in the job."  Specifically to SENIOR Management: cut out the middle, it's rife with a cancer the likes of which cannot exist at any healthy company.
Pros: Excellent benefits (insurances, paid time off); potential for great perks (like the company car program), and decent salaries.  There is an endless amount of work to do- constant opportunity to get involved in a myriad of projects impacting the business at every turn (just don't expect to be rewarded for working outside your box)!  Bureaucracy actually allows some cross-functional superstars to flourish.

Cons: Here is a list of some downsides:

Too many 50 + people who don't want to retire. A lot of them great and a lot very old school, don't give room for improvement, are years behind in the industry;  Many older senior level management 8th and above who don't have a clue what is six sigma or GMS. Senior management seems to be old and unwilling to change with the times. There is a lack of diversity as everybody in the company; Most people close to 89 percent are from Michigan and have no clue what type cars are attractive in Texas or California;  Many layers of upper management; Lack of diversity 94 % white ,     5 % african american, 1.5 % latino, 3.5 % other
Advice: To be more open to new ideas. To recruit in different parts of the country. To change the old culture that we have in most of the plants.
Pros: You are able to pursue master's programs. Good place for young people to be in. Is a good place to advance your career. It seems to take a while but seems rewarding. Company is trying to bring in new ways of thinking. Very global and one of the biggest companies in the world. Benefits are great. Compensation is somewhat high. I work in a plant and make the same amount of money as my friends in consulting. Rick Wagoner seems to be a great CEO to work for and got his stuff together. Yes the company is not doing great but who is ?

Cons: The hours are very long. As an manufacturing supervisor during the summer, I work anywhere from ten to thirteen hours a day. I also tend to work Saturdays and about a Sunday a month. The most frustrating thing about working at GM is the communication disconnect between the UAW and management and from the floor to upper management. Supervisors and other management are simpleminded in their pursuit of attaining production numbers (ie. 2400 parts a shift). They often know what's wrong with machines, what causes delays and what creates scrap but they don't want to shut off the machines to fix them properly. There are enough "bad eggs" to make working at GM frustrating (it is pretty much impossible to get fired).
Advice: GM really needs to listen to its workers. These workers have valuable and unique knowledge. Also, contrary to popular management belief, 90% of workers want to do their jobs well. They don't need to be babysat, they need support.
Pros: GM really is an international company and there are plenty of chances to work abroad on ISP assignments. The company really is growing in countries like China, for example. The pay at GM is also good and employees get decent discounts on GM cars and other gadgets and services.  You can find some very dedicate people in both management and in the UAW. There are people who have dedicated 30+ years to the company and those people are always willing to help. As an intern, I also get the chance to tour other facilities and give input into future projects.

Cons: In general, GM is not a well run company with many obvious areas for improvement that senior management seemingly chooses to ignore. Additionally, there are very few opportunities for advancement even for talented employees. The reason for this is that as the company has gotten smaller it has also gotten very top heavy. There are a large number of managers and senior executives with seemingly little responsibility. Many of these managers have few employees that they supervise and their responsibilities are only slightly greater than those of the employees they supervise. As a result, it is difficult for younger employees to be promoted to leadership positions because there are already too many managers and not enough employees.
Advice: GM should get out of the business of fighting fires and get into the business of having a real vision and strategy for the future.
Pros: The people that work for GM are generally capable, respectful, and congenial. It is a great place to work if you are looking for a nice and welcoming work environment. People are always willing to help one another on projects or with questions. The managers also genuinely care about their employees and want them to be happy and successful as much as possible. There is also a great technical education program for those who are interested. It is possible to complete advanced degrees and improve one's skills conveniently and at very little cost. Finally, the working hours can be very flexible for those who have special circumstances or when unexpected events arise.

Cons: GM seems to lack a general plan for future growth.  They have made improvements with the UAW but the union still controls much of the play especially in North America.  You don't get the feel that the cost cutting initiatives are being done at all levels - execs are still flying company planes when they could fly commercial - still driving company cars and getting gas paid for - great perks - but sends the wrong message to the rest of the organization.  Not sure that the other regions of the globe can carry the burden of what has taken place in NA.
Advice: Get tough on the union, expect more from yourselves and your people (i.e. still flying company planes, driving company cars, etc) - it's beyond time to get really serious about cost cutting.
Pros: There are many different types of jobs at GM.  You can move around relatively easily if you are at lower levels in the organization but it gets harder as you move up the ladder.  The people here are generally ok - but - there is still alot of dead weight in the organization as a whole. Some of the best engineers I have worked with have been at GM.  Until recently, the benefits were great and very competitive.  It's cool to work on cars / trucks - very challenging adn fulfilling when you can see your product on the road.

Cons: Politics could get in the way of advancement. The company is so large that you can become a number quite quickly if you don't know how to work the system or get involved in internal organizations to become aquatinted with leadership. The leadership is on the conservative side and runs more on a old school business style. Example: If your a female, do not be too trendy/tailored in your suits, wear more than a base in make-up and wear your hair styled. The organization is big on you knowing what level you are within the company and not working with people above your level unless approved. Very layered company.
Advice: If you see talent, nurture it and don't hold it back even if you need the talent for your own needs. Also, if you have people that are not capable of the basic requirements for the job, remove them or transfer them into an position more suited to their talents.
Pros: Large company and could learn about how to manage politics. It is cool to work on things that are about four years out and get to see from start to finish. General Motors is quite a powerful company name to use while working with suppliers or other engineering forums. Most people think you have to be quite talented to be accepted at one of the big automotive companies vs. a supplier.

Cons: I guess the downside is the constant negativity of the media towards GM.  If they knew half the products that WILL come before 2010, they'd change their tune (well probably not, but who wins with the media anyways.. oh yeah, Toyota and the Prius [with stolen patented hybrid technology from an American engineering firm, but you'd never hear that from CNN] ).
Advice: Advice?  If I were to give Senior Management advice, they'd better get the hell out of the way and let me run things!  Any 'Senior' manager that asks for advice needs to be immediately released (an opinion is different, advice is help).  About 90% of them should be retired by now (I hope some of the management is included in the 15-20% salaried retirement program before Nov. 1).
Pros: Well, I've read some of the other reviews, and frankly some individuals are doing better then others.. I'm doing GREAT!  Yeah, its going to be tough for the guys and gals that work on V8s and trucks, but thats the nature of capitalism.  I'm very grateful to work on new products (transmissions) so my job is safe (it also helps that I'm a bad-ass; i.e. 3 patents over 2 years, started right after college).

Cons: I was hired as a temp in Febuary 2007 i was making  22 dollars per hour.It was less then the traditional workers were
making but not by much it was fine.when the new contract came about we were told that if it passed 500 temps would be hired at our plant and those that was not hired would be if we were still there after jan 2 08,well we were brought back January 2 08 but was not hired and was told instead of making us full time traditional employees they would pay us for x mas vacation and allow us to come back after new year but as temps still.
Fast forward to June 08 after being laid off for 6 months was called back again as temps but this time got hired as perm. however it was at the two-tier wage of 14 per hour which is supposed to be for non-core jobs such as maintenance or paint mixing and the such something that does' nt involve building the vehicles but i have been back on the same job i was before working side by side with my traditional co workers doing the same job as me for 30 per hour.
Advice: get rid of two-tier wages
Pros: none for new workers all new hires are entry level starting at 14 per hour

Cons: Too many middle and upper managers that make 2-10 times the floor managers.  Most don't have a clue how floor operations work and these are the people who take all the credit.  Very few leaders that can influence change for the better.  Most Upper Mgt. is worried about their own bonuses, thus, they are afraid to take chances to "think out of the box".  This is everyday status quo and why we are so slow to react compared to other companies.
Advice: Listen more to your workforce.  The answers are there.  Start reading between the lines.  Too many managers "suck-up" for personal gain rather than for company & stockholders interests.  Wagoner is doing his best.
Pros: It pays the bills and it's nice getting vehicle discounts.  There are some very talented people that make the company run.  The hourly have come a long way in their work ethics.  There is truly a sense of change for the better in union/mgt. relations.

Cons: Right now, survival of the company is all that employees are thinking about. So other downsides like lack of adequate compensation, career growth, benefits etc. are insignificant. The employees are mostly Detroit area locals. People from other states will feel like fish out of water.
Advice: Please declare bankruptcy, get rid of liabilities and start afresh with a smaller company.
Pros: Seems to be an OK company for someone looking to make a career in the Auto industry. As everyone must be aware by now there will not be an auto industry in the US for a few decades. The company still manages to keep a modicum of former era benefits like education assistance, 401K match etc. They seem to be very flexible as far as work schedules are concerned. GM tries to shield employees from their financial troubles and does a great job at it. There have hardly been any layoffs in its 100 year history. Their processes and organizational design is a good case study for MBA students, its got plenty of good and bad features.

Cons: Not challenging at all, feels like babysitting a bunch of old folks (union), some are good but the majority do want to sink the GM ship. Plus you'll hate putting on the radio, the working conditions are terrible, at least at the Flint facility, sound pollution, very dirty, not a very healthy facility. Plus, some of the managers seem like mentally challenged, they would usually get impressed by trivial stuff, not very rewarding for people that value themselves. HR people couldn't be this dumb, they can't communicate with you because they don't understand anything since all they do all day is chit-chat, and eat, and get greasy fat. Boring environment, a lot of old folks hating their 30 yr job career at GM, very FRUSRATING.
Advice: Not everybody in management is bad, some are really good folks that work hard to get things straight, but most of them are very incompetent.
Pros: If you like manufacturing, its the place for you. Its like working at the Willie Wonka chocolate factory, only that its car parts. Cool for the first few weeks if you're me.

Cons: Many of the employees there have never worked elsewhere so they don't bring in best practices from other industries.  To combat that, GM has high levels of interaction with agencies to bring creativity to their work.  You get great experience with high level thinking, but most executional work is taken on by agency partners.
Advice: The company situation is too complex at this point for me to provide recommendations without further research.
Pros: As an intern, GM is a great place to work because it is a global company with such a strong presence in the US.  You are treated as though you are a full-time employee, and are offered opportunities to interact with mid- to upper-level management and senior level executives.  There are many locations to live and work in and they offer competitive pay and perks.  Interaction with other interns can be achieved through housing arrangements, intern-initiated gatherings, case competitions, and company-planned intern events.

Cons: It's very corporate and political.  You feel like 60% of the people in the company are working against you instead of collaboratively to make progress for General Motors.  There's also an overall attitude of working "just enough to not get in trouble or fired...no more...no less."  Which makes you understand why it constantly feels like you're working on an inferior product, and yet nothing is changing fast enough to keep up with the marketplace.
Advice: Build in the infrastructure and culture that puts a priority on listening to customers and employees, so that the feedback actually gets to upper management.  Don't have all the management driving brand spankin new vehicles, where they don't have to experience the quality issues everyone else has to.  You'll never get the push for improving GM vehicles if there is a false perception that there's nothing wrong with them.
Pros: For the most part, you only work 40 hours a week and get to go home.  Employees are fairly laid back, friendly and helpful.

Cons: The whole global economic crisis: rising energy prices, commodity and steel price inflation, the possibility of a deep global recession are headwinds out of GM's control. These forces additively amount to uncertainty, constantly imploding human resources, and tough actions which we don't enjoy making. Job security does not exist for my generation, If the playing field was level and we didn't have the costs of all the benefits and unions and all that, it'd be a different world
Advice: Flatten the structure. I think a collaborative, open management style produces the best input. Particularly if it's coupled with relentless questions, single-minded sense of purpose and direction and attentive listening. GM needs more of this at all levels. Executive directors need to be more downwardly accessible and approachable.
Pros: After 15 years tenure, the people continue to be my best reason to work for General Motors. Certainly as an engineer the continuous challenge of new vehicle development and alternative propulsion systems keeps me enthusiastic.

Cons: As the company is such a large organization, project planning and coordination is not as effective as it could be. Paperwork and 'IT systems' are used as a substitute to proper planning. This prevents the engineers from spending their time on real engineering, instead huge amounts of repetitive unnecessary paperwork is created.
Advice: For vehicle software development cycles, lengthen the development period. This will give the development community time to get things right the first time, and overall in a shorter time. 

Remove the 'not invented here' mentality form all the back office organizations for engineering tools and processes. Too much of the tools GM use for day to day work are customized "GM made" tools that have cheaper better alternatives in the marketplace. This allows better cooperation with suppliers and less ramp up time for new engineers to the "GM way".
Pros: Company has strong commitment to developing new technologies, in house and to be the best

Cons: Unfortunately, there were limited opportunities for promotion (within the Engineering area) due to downsizing.  Whenever a manager would leave or retire, they would basically take the people who worked for him/her and put them under someone else, instead of replacing the manager by promoting someone.  In addition, the overall automotive sector, especially the US manufacturers, is not doing well.  GM/Ford are having a hard time competing due to high structural costs.
Advice: Keep moving toward "greener" vehicles.
Pros: General Motors offered lots of flexibility regarding time off/work life balance.  My managers were always agreeable when I needed to take time off, however I did not abuse this benefit like some did.  The salary was acceptable, nothing great but not bad either.  I could have left to get a higher salary but I preferred the better working conditions over a higher salary.  The benefits were fairly good as well.

Cons: It takes forever to see anything change.
Advice: Keep up the effort in building greener cars. Also, although I am not a business major, I think something needs to be re-looked at in the financial structure of the company from what I am reading in the news.
Pros: The salary, work environment, and perks are one of the best, compared to other very large corporations, and they have some of the best resources to make their own products. The employees are extremely talented, friendly, and helpful. 
GM is one of three American companies which manufacture their automobiles in the United States, and I think that is an important enough reason to support the continuation of its production. Although GM may be notoriously known for the large size of their automobiles, I believe the concept of having an American branded car has a lot of potential in establishing American presence on a global basis.

Cons: The hours and schedule shifts based on production output.  May work day on week and nights the next.  There is not a lot of growth in the company unless you know the top execs.  In addition, there is so much downsizing required to stay afloat, and lost volume through the downsizing that I would be nervous each night for job placency.
Advice: Build the business on intelligence and ethics, not who-you-know or getting a job out the door.  They are in  tough spot, but they will not succeed as long as they are still roped by the UAW.
Pros: Good pay, but not equivalent when time is considered.  The company is so large that good work is boxed in a manufacturing plant, never noticed by the top of the food chain.  GM is in need of competent employees and the job keeps you on your toes.

Cons: constant harassment about how you do your job and never treated with respect by management 
they talk down to the employees like little children and quick to punish  in you make one mistake out of many cars built.
Never praise the employees for a job well done
Don't know where they found the plant manager but told employees that if you don't like what i tell you to do K-Mart was hiring
Advice: Company is way to top heavy  why do we need so many presidents and vice presidents can't the managers handle the work and do away with the so called title and hundreds of presidents and vice presidents come on get real the only reason for the title is for a bigger salary and bonuses no wonder Gm is losing money. Gotta pay the presidents
Should only be one president and one CEO
Pros: good pay and thats it better be able to shovel the sh it and put up with the constant brow beatings!

Cons: Sometimes long hours; fluctuation in the markets can impact resources for accomplishing your mission, and also impact amount and timing of compensation programs.
Advice: Continue to focus on performance, upgrade the contribution of those who are average to slightly above average, and encourage those who don't want to improve and excell to leave.
Pros: Exciting new products in multiple markets around the world, which include emerging automotive technology (like the Volt extended range electric vehicle, which runs on batteries, but has a small, fuel efficient 3 cylinder engine to back it up and recarge the batteries if you get too far from your normal charging point); competitive pay and benefits; great discounts on cars and trucks; an opportunity to work globally--there is explosive growth overseas in eastern Europe, Russia, India, and China.

Cons: Current financial problems make for considerable state of discomfort and concern about future of the company.  Newer employees will not receive as generous of benefits.
Advice: Move more quickly to get new products to market.  Be more in tune with what customers want.
Pros: Excellent company to work for (in spite of current financial problems).  Good pay and benefits, excellent support with essential work equipment and excellent work environment.  Neat and clean environment, very attuned to safety of employes.  I would have a difficult time thinking of something negative to say about working for General Motors.  They are an excellent company to work for and even though they have a huge number of employees, I always felt  very close to my group.  They were very cooperative and worked well as a team.

Cons: Reasons not to work at General Motors: below industry average salary for "worker bees", managers too worried about putting out fires, poor communication of leadership with lower management, scarce promotional opportunities due to industry conditions, most assembly plant locations are not interesting to young professionals, trying to transition jobs to lower cost regions of the world, hard to increase pay unless you take a leadership/manegerial jump (which are scarce), career development is lacking, the long term picture doesn't look good
Advice: The salaried work force has low morale.  Performing exceptionally is rarely recognized monetarily.  You can't use the industry downturn as an excuse to justify it.  The skilled salaried workers you need will leave for greener pastures.  You can't cost cut yourself to profitability.
Pros: Reasons to work at GM: love of the automotive industry, interest in manufacturing, desire to work at a big corporation

Cons: The auto industry is doing very poorly, so the opportunities for growth are limited.  Job cuts seem to be coming our way with the lack of sales.  The health care coverage co-pays keep increasing every year, so it's become much more expensive to get full coverage.
Advice: We need to keep producing great vehicles and find ways to eliminate waste.  We also need to reduce the number of dealerships.
Pros: My position offers flexible work hours, which is good for me and my family.  The company rewards smart employees who can continue to innovate and improve manufacturing and design processes even in these tough times.  New technology is still being researched and implemented, so there are opportunities to work on cutting edge.  There are many opportunities to work on global programs, which offers the chance to travel overseas.

Cons: Although I must admit not all make it to production.Reason maybe market trends and most of all bureaucracy on the part of various organization and the Oil companies that try to bottle neck the flow of the innovative technology to production.
Advice: Keep up the good work and facilitate new technology development and let the work speak for itself. These are hard times currently, but persistence and patience will eventually pay off.
Pros: Very Innovative and aggressive research environment. Interesting innovations are being researched everyday. Product development towards one single goal - to provide an automobile that make the customer satisfied to the extent that he/she is loyal out of free will to the GM brand.

Cons: Still a conservative white male bastion!!  Worklife balance is considered a priority yet there are times that this is impossible due to timing demands.  North American automotive market in general is decline and NA opportunities are limited.
Advice: Stop looking in the mirror for more of the same when it comes to hiring and promotions.
Pros: Great products, brilliant team of engineers. Global presence is strong with many opportunities for ISP's. Pay & benefits are excellent. Education training thru GMU is targeted and allows for good professional growth.  Good team enviroment in Product Development which enables a critical focus on getting it right the first time.  Advancement in automotive technolgy is at a lightning pace that is exciting and cutting edge.

Cons: Still very bureaucratic.  Low performers are not dealt with in a timely manner.  Leaders give too many chances to low performers, do not take the time to coach people to get better, or document the problems in order to exit them later.  The company is so big, the various silos don't know what' s going on.
Advice: Make some tough decisions and move on.  We take too long to debate things or waffle back and forth. Particularly in today's economy, we need direct leadership at times to make change happen.
Pros: We are a global company and literally have people all over the globe that are somehow connected.  Rarely do you need to 'invent' something - if you are connected you can find the answer through your network.

Cons: Trying to live down the legacy of the years of sub par cars.  Trying to make it through a tremendous automotive shake out where the playing field has not always been level.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!  I am totally impressed with the present upper management direction and dedication to making GM the worlds best automotive company.
Pros: It's challenging being the under dog but you learn what you are made of and what your capable of doing.  Once you have the GM experience it will open many other doors in your future.  Don't kid yourself though, for all the problems GM has had they have some of the brightest and most talented people in the world.  That would include both inside and outside the automotive industry.

Cons: Scaling back operations in the US, which means fewer opportunities for advancement.
Doing more with less means that those remaining sometimes take on an unmanageable amount of work
Lack of control or minimal influence over the public's perception of our technology, quality, business model, prodcut portfolio, etc.
Advice: Learn how to give candid, constructive feedback to your employees, and practice it!
Don't use the excuse "we have never done that before" or "it has always been this way".
Pros: Flexibility from a work life balance perspective
Global opportunities
Opportunity to "own" projects, programs, processes
Great discounts on GM vehicles and related services
Opportunity to represent a company that everyone in the world has heard of
Seeing our vehicles on the road and knowing that I played a part in the execution of a high-quality, great-looking product.

Cons: Awful industry to work in-- oversized, bloated company. Instability in terms of job future. Average age is 50+. Although people are proud to work for GM, they are not willing to see that even greater change needs to occur for the company to turn around. Hopefully the Volt will help GM but aside from that this company is slowly dying.
Advice: Think of better ways to downsize amount of car brands.
Pros: In my time at GM I had an overall good experience.  If you have a good manager you have room for growth and development. The pay and benefits are great. Most supervisors have 20+ years of experience so they know the industry well. Overall, General Motors is a company with some great, experienced people.

Cons: Constant threat of lay-offs, plant closings, and job loss.  Continual mind games in regard to security.  The fact that the general public has such a horrid view of hourly GM employees make it unpleasant to tell people you work there even if you're proud of the job you do.
Advice: Be honest with employees.  Knowledge is power, true, but shared knowledge is even more power.  Stop giving lip service, if you say it MEAN it and LIVE it yourselves.  Respect your hourly employees enough to treat them the way you would wish to be treated.
Pros: The pay and benefits, even though those are going away.  Some educational opportunities if your schedule allowed you to take advantage of them.

Cons: Very hard to move around.  Managers never say good job and only point out what you and your team is doing wrong.  Moral at the company is very low.  I have never seen so many people that are unhappy and put up with it (thats why the pay is so good).
Advice: Tell the mid level managers not to micro-manage.  Work is boring because I don't have to think but instead just do what my boss says (which changed hourly)
Pros: Great pay for what you do!  Let me restate that, REALLY great pay for what you do.  Company is very good about letting you have time off for family things (i.e. getting out early for your kids tee-ball games, getting time off for Dr. visits).

Cons: I feel that GM doesn't focus on the right things. When Toyota released the Prius, GM laughed. Now they are breaking their necks to build more gas friendly vehicles.
Advice: keep your people involved, engaged, and informed
Pros: The best reason to work for GM is without a doubt the money. I'm working on my second year and I am making more than alot of the people I know that have been working outside of GM longer than me. Other than the money I just happen to work with a great group of people in my location. Its a family type of atmosphere which makes it easy to come to work. Plus GM is so big that promotion and lateral moves can happen fairly quickly.

Cons: With so much uncertainty among the automotive world, it is difficult to see a future, even a near future.  I believe everyone wants to see GM make a strong comeback, but the morale isn't always there.  When your neighbor is being laid off it is difficult.  The only hope is one day they will bring the jobs back.
Advice: Be honest and truthful with your employees and keeping a positive outlook will keep your employees spirits up as well.
Pros: Lets face it, GM is on the LONG road to recovery, but the exciting thing is the desire to change.  Even though it is a large company, it is broken into small teams which make it feel like a smaller entity.

Cons: Dealing with union disputes and other political issues.  Slow to adapt to change.  Hourly employees have better health care benefits and continue to get raises while management often goes two years without raises.  The two sided environment can create a great deal of animosity.
Advice: Keep up the good work right sizing the company but don't forget about your employees and continuning to help promote their careers.  I've seen a great deal of talented young employees leave over the past years and senior management must invest in the future of the company.
Pros: Paid overtime when supervising hourly employees.  Great tuition assistance for sponsored programs.  Generous vacation and paid holidays.

Work day is fast paced and there is a great deal to learn.

Cons: Advancement opportunities are few and far between, senior management is very slow to react to customer needs vs. being proactive and anticipating what customers will want in the future based on trends.
Advice: Quality is king, but so is styling.  There are MANY ex-GM customers who were screwed over by quality problems and will never return.  Please concentrate on not making this group of people larger.  This is the major reason people buy foreign, and why GM is in trouble!
Pros: Collaboration and teamwork, interesting work, a sense of family even though it is a large company

Cons: Loosing money and may go bankrupt. Lot of old guys impose theie views which are sometime good also.
Advice: Shed some senior management jobs
Pros: Lot to do. Lot to learn cause lot of challanges. Looks good on resume. Invest in training. Most of the manager have lot of knowledge and this help new graduates like me. But lot of old people sitting there doing nothing but waiting to retire. They are main reason for the GM problem. But you cant blame them as they deserve a good retirement. It is the government who should make sure people retire respectfully and not become burden on Companies. Overall I like working here.

Cons: It is very difficult to get promoted because there are many people holding high level positions and those people are next to impossible to get rid of or demote.  Management is more worried about underperformers feelings than overperformers careers.
Advice: Think about the message you are sending to the people who get the job done.  You need these people.  Treat them like you need tham instead of putting up with the dead weight.
Pros: We make great products. Working in a very global environment teaches you alot about cultural diversity.  Ther people there are great and the work is challenging and fun.

Cons: Wondering whether or not GM will survive this downturn in the automotive industry.
Advice: The entire management chain at GM does not properly communicate the 'bad news' from the plant floor.  Everyone is afraid that if they deliver bad news to their superiors, their job is at risk.  Therefore, the higher in management you are, the further removed from reality you are.  Find a way to get the honest truth from the plant floor, and you will be able to make decisions that will save GM.
Pros: My management has been extremely flexible with balancing my work and home life.

Cons: Long hours, MUST Stand on your FEET anywhere from 9 to 11 hrs a day with a 30 minute and 20 minute break and constance repitition
Advice: Respect your people,  treat them like they are HUMAN and when walking by, pick your head up off the floor, look at your employees, smile and say hello or goodmorning - it doesn't hurt!  Try it
Pros: if you're ruthless, love to curse and not afraid to fire good, hard working people for having to take off to take care of a sick child, then this is a good place for you to work.

Cons: Company is too large if you want to be noticed and advance your career. You need to fiercely compete and somehow find an executive to support you in your career path.
Advice: Management needs to better understand the skills of their people and be able to help them advance in their careers. Of course, it's difficult to do that if you need the skills of your current people but managers are hoarding skills in the wrong places.
Pros: Acquire experience and move on to another smaller company which has less competition for advancement. GM can provide excellent experience to work with global partners from other countries. Training is excellent.

Cons: The tough economic times make it a tough industry to be employed in general.  The fact that GM is doing poorly makes it even tougher.  Job security isn't guaranteed in todays market.  They tend to hang onto bad engineers instead of firing them.
Advice: Be more forthcoming about what's going on with the company.
Pros: There are great opportunities at GM if you are willing to work hard and be intelligent.  I get to work on really cool projects I wouldn't be able to get my hands on with other companies.

Cons: No raises, increasing costs of healthcare, no bonuses, ingrained management behavior, global engineering is shifting work overseas.
Advice: Increase the focus on fuel-saving technologies
Pros: There is a vast area of groups to work in at GM, from purchasing to engineering to R&D. It can be difficult switch from one department to another, but with persistence the change can be made. I currently work in the hybrid group and the work is very challenging and intriguing, it is definitely a good area to be in at GM (or any auto company).

Cons: The current company situation is not good.  GM's financials are very precarious and high gas prices and the credit crisis are dramatically hurting sales.  As a result, the company is embarking on the most aggressive headcount and cost reduction in its history, and there is lots of turmoil and churning in the ranks.  Currently morale is very low due to the large number of retirements and looming salaried workforce cuts.  There will be no merit raises and profit sharing for the foreseeable future.  Our current mode of operation is survival; i.e., conserve the precious cash and hope things get better before the bank account runs dry.
Advice: It's time for more dramatic action to save the company than you are currently doing.  There are a lot of sacred cows at General Motors that you don't dare to touch, but now is the time to revisit them.  For one, start shutting down the nonperforming divisions.  Selling Hummer is a good start, now think about Buick, Saturn, GMC, and Pontiac.  GM's market share can't sustain all of those divisions.
Pros: This is a large company with many opportunities to work in a variety of roles.  The company's transition to a global company is now complete, and working with GM units around the world is a great experience and a way to learn and understand about different cultures.  The engineering processes are common, so now even though Americans, Germans, Koreans, Chinese, and Brazilians speak different languages, they all have a common understanding of the vehicle development process and we can leverage each other's strengths to develop the world's best products.  GM's recent products have been very well received and compare favorably with any competitors out there.  GM employees finally have products they can be proud of.

Cons: Financial uncertainty.  Job moves (i.e. different cities) often required for advancement.
Advice: Keep advanced research.  If you really want to be like Honda and Toyota, then keep vertically integrated.
Pros: Many of the older people have taken early retirement allowing opportunities for younger engineers.  I know work in the Powertrain HQ in Pontiac.  There many great jobs at that location. They work on engines, transmissions, etc.  There are now over 100 dyno cells at that location.  If you are a more senior engineer, you get a company car.

Cons: General Motors expects you to be available 24/7.  Salary employees can be walking out the door and they will get stopped and told to work OT, no matter what.  A fellow engineer was fired for going on his honeymoon, after he had a signed vacation slip from his boss a year earlier.  I left General Motors after five years and realized I forgot how nice life can be.
Advice: Get in touch with reality.  You are losing your best asset (young ambitious engineers) because you expect them to give their life to the company.
Pros: The General typically starts you out at a higher salary, looks good on a resume and you can learn a lot if you ask a lot of questions.

Cons: The automotive industry as a whole is on the downside.  GM is in extreme costcutting mode, that is trickling down to everyone.
Advice: Let's focus on building cars and trucks that people want to buy instead of focusing on cost cutting and downsizing.  If you provide must buy cars, you will make money no matter what the greater economy is doing.
Pros: I think that General Motors pays pretty well.  GM is a large company that has a variety of opportunities.

Cons: Uncertain times for the company with government loans, restructuring and certain loss of jobs.
Advice: Do whatever it takes to ensure the long term viability of General Motors.
Pros: Although times are uncertain, this could be the beginning of one of the best turnaround stories in American corporate history.  The turnaround plan that has been implemented over the last few years will pay off if given a chance. GM should be leaner and meaner in the years to come.......but the next few will be rough.

Cons: Disappearing benefits, disappearing opportunities for growth.  As the company gets smaller, it's harder to climb the ladder.
Advice: Tell us how to advance within the company.
Pros: GM has the greatest history within the automotive industry.  The company pays well.  It's an honor to work for a company with so much history.

Cons: Lack of motivation and passion shown by the majority of employees.  Too many layers to go through.  Slow.
Advice: Flatten the organization and allow all employees to provide 360 degree feedback.  Focus on brands and brand building.
Pros: They rarely fire people and provide excellent benefits.  Good place to work if your old and would rather collect a check than retire.

Cons: Lack of job security, loss of benefits, constantly having to relocate, little chance of  career advancement ,
Advice: Get rid of the dead wood, give up on the affirmatice action promotions, they are painfully obvious.
Pros: At one time it was benefits and retirement package, but that day is history. The company is in survival mode now.

Cons: No bonus or profit charing opportunities. Promotions come late...only with performance and time on the job. Painful during many of teh economic cycles.
Advice: Make sure you recognize top talent, even during tough times..they are more apt/willing to move to other companies.
Pros: Work life balance and pay. Most of the managers understand life demands and are willing to let employees manage thier own time.

Cons: The company is going down the toilet. Management is too busy trying to solve short term issues while ignoring the elephant in the room. They take any new suggestions they hear and present them as their own. They treat employees like doormats. No respect for your opinions or your time. Unproductive meetings go on all day everyday. Work Life balance sucks. You're expected to work 60 hours per week, through your lunch, on the weekends, and be on call on vacation too.  Your manager must ok it if you want to leave your department and get experience in another. They usually will not approve that. There is no way to control the progress of your career. Usually if you get hired in a department, it will take nothing short of an executive director to step on heads to get you out, especially if you are a minority. HR is not your friend. As far as salaried workers, we don't have any representation when we are lied to or mistreated. If you complain, expect mangement to recruit several levels of mgmt, take you into a conference room and beat up/bully you into accepting what they want you to accept. It's a barbaric work environment, with very low employee morale. Everyone walks around scared, throwing out VP names that say they want results in 10 minutes. I hear college recruits are not even considering working for this company. Smart move. Good thing Glass Door is here so the truth can be told.
Advice: First of all, I have gotten very good performance reviews for every year I've worked at GM. I've gotten good raises too. I have given this company everything that I have, but I am upset about how the company is ran by senior/middle management, so here goes.....You don't listen to reason in enough time, which is why our company is full of gas guzzlers. The new generation have new better ideas to help the company make money and save money and you do nothing but shut us down whenever we speak, because it will affect your cushy lifestyles. The company operates like it is still the 1950s. Bureaucracy and politics are so thick, we can't get anything positive done in a timely manner. It's no wonder Toyota is kicking our butts. Your old boys' club is destroying the company. You should've listened to Kirk Kevorkian. You won't be #1 for long. Good luck on your savior car -- EFlex Chevy Volt. If it doesn't happen how you want it. You will have to hang it up. GM will never be the company it once was. It is sad that you guys are profiting at the expense of the company. Execs (some with no direct reports) making $300K to $14 million per year while the company is losing $15 billion per quarter is just ridiculous. Good Luck.
Pros: The company has decent pay. It is a well known company so it looks good on your resume. Your family and friends may be impressed. If you're getting a new car, you can use employee discount or an internal program called "tagging" an executive's car and get a really good deal. You get Christmas through New Years off paid outside of your regular paid vacation days. You can also buy up to one week of vacation time to add to your accrued time each year.

Cons: Bureaucracy, Labor-Mgmt disputes, lack of teamwork, leadership lacking
Advice: Need to have a better vision of the future and invest in innovation, Customer focus is horrible, shouldn't require the US government or high oil prices to cause company to improve fuel efficiency if the company really cares about customers
Pros: global company, lots of resource (before current financial problems), excellent benefits and salary

Cons: Layoffs, stress due to high expectations of quality/performance
Advice: Make sure your Dealers / customer service personnel are better trained to take better care of the customer. They are the 1st line contact with the customer and they have a great impact on customer loyalty.
Pros: Pay, benefits, Holidays and the ability to work out of the weather.

Cons: its not about building trucks , its about a numbers game and blame someone else , every steep up the ladder the lies get bigger so the bosses look good
Advice: quite playing games with peoples minds and run the place like it should be run
Pros: I am to old to change now but if I knew everything I do now and was starting over no way in hell would I work here or any GM plant

Cons: Tough economic conditions in the auto industry restrict advancement and compensation improvement.
Advice: Reduce costs and improve employee job satisfaction by continuing to look at alternative work arrangements.  I worked more hours form home and was a happy employee when my responsibilities supported that type of arrangement.
Pros: Socially conscious employer that is very supportive of work/life balance.

Cons: Unionized workforce is a drag on productivity. Old engineering and management workforce may not be good at all
Advice: Need to have a good vision. Company needs to focus more on innovation and technology. Need to be tough to union leadership and its members.
Pros: Good benefit packages and flexibities

Cons: The union makes this a challenging environment.  Job security doesn't exist but that no different than most companies.
Advice: Manage during booms for the lean times.
Pros: This is a huge company with a lot of opportunity.  The salaries and benefits are competitive.
