Cons: This is a large corporation that is built with a number of competing silos that tend to guard their interests rather than cooperate with each other to get things done. In addition, if you are interested in moving out of the silo you are in, it can be difficult to make that transition, and HR policies are set up such that your current management can block any movement or advancement without much reason, and without recourse for the employee.

Although eductional and growth opportunities are available, they are likewise happered by this silo structure. I was block from taking part in a Masters program focused on electric vehicles (a strategic growth area for the company), since my current management in exterior design didn't view this as a strategically important education program for their group. I left to pursue this degree full time on my own.

Finally, although there is much that can be learned for someone new to industry, there is little opportunity to really have much of an real impact on the business. The status quo will rule (even if it is not working) and new ideas have a hard time being heard and adopted in the company.
Advice: There needs to be an overhaul in policies that allow employees a real opportunity to move, grow, and learn within the company. Power is given to direct managers, and those in higher management positions appear uninterested in dealing with such employee conflicts.
Pros: This is a place where you can get a stable salary with a great benefits package. There is much that a recent graduate could learn about how a business operates. There are "training" opportunties available, but not a lot of support around really providing additional "education" for employees.

Cons: Depressing atmosphere low employee morale.  A lot of pressure on employees that is not productive.  May start losing the best hard working people.  Individual mid-level executives can be brutal to people without any place for employees to turn to for help.  HR not helpful to employee due to overwork and no clout.  People end up working 10 or more hours a day no extra pay or recognition and no end in sight.  Too much politics in middle  upper management, not enough accountability for them.  Their actions aren't necessarily  done for the best of the company or the employees.
Advice: Middle level executives are too political and selfish about their careers (lower unclassified).  They are not held accountable, partly due to some moving too quickly through jobs.  Simplify the metrics and make them the focus.  Value your hardworking & honest employees, be suspicious of the "yes" people telling you what you want to hear.  Surround yourself with people who will be honest and not afraid to speak up, encourage it.  Leadership needs to get closer to the employees - not the required Diagonal slice meetings, but much smaller less formal get togethers.  Have individuals in the trenches that you can depend on to give you the honest pulse of the organization - your people are the most important part of the company and don't forget that.
Pros: Great people in general all want to do a good job.  Good pay & benefits even after reduced some.

Cons: There is a lot of opportunity inside GM to do different work but be careful what job you accept to get into GM because all that diversity is virtually impossible to taste; GM management effectively does not allow employee movement.
8 level and above "managers" and executives are useless and provide no direction.  There needs to be a cleansing of the "stuck middle" at GM.
No accountability on any level at GM.
8-level "technical expert" is an oxymoron at GM.  
What bankruptcy?  The caustic culture created from years of no accountability has created a workplace and company that is rotten to its core.
Advice: Hold yourselves and each other accountability.  Listen to the 6 and 7 level engineers, their concerns are legitimate.  Get your heads out of the past, it's not 1966 anymore.
Pros: good work/life balance
lots of opportunity once inside GM.

Cons: It is a very large company and sometimes change can be slow, extremely slow.  The cascading of communications can be inhibited due to all the levels of management and how the levels interpret and convey the message.
Advice: The winning thesis for success needs to be clearly conveyed at all levels.  Still too many chimneys and silos that operate in a vaccum.
Pros: This company affords the opportunity to learnand contribute in the many functional areas (design, cost, purchasing, manufacturing, etc) and understand the orchestration of the functional areas and their roles in the total process of the vehicle--from a concept to the making.

Cons: Complaceny grows as there is so much stagnation without much upward mobility in career. Top-heavy management structure permits no growth for aspiring young people.
Advice: Recognize talent and energetic young people who have real career aspirations to grow int he company. Do not try to save your buddies from getting laid off or forced-retirement, if their contributions are not enough to justify their fat salaries.
Pros: Work-life balance at GM was unbeatable. Management was considerate of any special accommodations you have to make due to family circumstances. It was exciting to be using cutting edge technologies in Engineering and PD.

Cons: GM has many locations in the midwestern US, therefore the weather can be challenging.
GM is working to transition from  the good old boy network.
Advice: Overall GM is a great company to work for and is a place where performance is rewarded. If you are a hard working career minded employee  you will enjoy working for GM. Continue to work to eliminate silo's.
Pros: Salary
Benefits
Work Environment
Perks
Work/Home Life Balance
Valuable experiences with  a top tier internationally respected automotive manufacturer
Driven environment to suceed and to excell in all areas

Cons: The only negative thing about working here is that I live in the suburbs of Detroit and it is a long drive every day.
Advice: Keep up the good work!  Since bankruptcy we are on the right track, moving fast, and making a difference.  General Motors is the World Class Leader for Automobiles!  We design, build and sell the world's best vehicles!
Pros: The people here are wonderful.  Everyone is professional, friendly, and supportive in every aspect of life. I truly enjoy my job.

Cons: Pay was substandard for the amount of responsibility.  Benefits were not that great, glad I got my MBA before they took that away.  No cell phones etc when being asked to take international calls on weekends.  Just an example of some of the things that went on.
Advice: Blow up the GOB network and start fresh.
Pros: Fair working conditions, seeing cars designed and built is still cool, ability to do a lot of different things with your career provided you have the right network.

Cons: Hard to get out of manufacturing once you get there. They have a rather strange idea for how the company should be run and it's rather disappointing to see the lack of passion towards work.
Advice: Have some more confidence in your workers. Don't always wait for the last moment and think a bit larger than yourselves.
Pros: To explore the different sides of General Motors and to see all of the new technology that's being produced there. The people are nice.

Cons: Old Management Style.  Stuck in comfort zone of old methodologies.  Management decisions are not driven by data.  Processes change before they are implemented.
Advice: Stick with a process fully to determine effectiveness even if it isn't your process.  Implement and grow.  You can't develop reliable data to understand where you are at if you do not.
Pros: Great Benefits.  Comfort of a large corporation. Travel Availability.

Cons: No incentives, rewards for good employees.  Sometimes unrealistic in what they ask of you - don't always think through their action plans causing greater confusion and issues.
Advice: Need to start figuring out how to keep the talent you have - Talent is what makes a company, no the other way around.
Pros: Because it's small, you can get involved and learn about different things.  Also, this provides you greater exposure to all management.

Cons: Has stigma given bankruptcy
Has high leadership turnover
Business model demands rigourous and continual cost reduction
Product category is mature
Advice: Keep working to make GM a viable business for generations to come.  The future will reward car companies with great products and GM is well positioned to deliver great product.
Pros: Work with dedicated and professional people
Has resources to execute its plans
Great opportunites to apply and grow personal capabilities

Cons: Not many downsides. The lunchbreaks that clerical workers take are lengthy and not regulated. Productivity is limited as a result.
Advice: Management should continue to lead the company  on a prosperous course. Over the years we've become a powerhouse again since the '08 crisis.
Pros: The employees are cooperative and great to work with. The working atmosphere is pleasant and non-intimidating. Most days are fast paced.

Cons: Stingy with vacation time, no time off, sick days are held against you.  Not a very good work life balance.
Advice: Listen to your employees, stop the nepotism, and pull your own weight instead of dumping major projects on lower level employees.
Pros: Great coworkers, no micromanagement and the ability to act independently from management in making own decisions.  respectful work environment at all times.

Cons: The culture of the company is lacking in the sense that Detroit is a dead zone without any hopeful future.
Advice: Give more say to your employees, this work style will allow for more innovation and progression. This was not found during my time there.
Pros: They are on the come back trail, but do you really want to be apart of the problem if need be?

Cons: You have to take ownership of your own career.  The company is so large that if you want to move your career up, you have to take initiative.
Advice: 
Pros: Large company with many opportunities to move to different areas of the business.  Over my 10 year career, I had 5 different jobs in different functions like manufacturing, logistics, supply chain, and procurement.

Cons: Much of the top management talent has left the company and those that have replaced the talent are promoted from within and very green.
Advice: Hire older employees who take pride in working for an American Company.
Pros: The auto industry is very exciting and General Motors has an great history and is working hard to regain its position as the global leader.

Cons: limited opportunites for growth & promotions, 
lots of overtime with no pay, 
to get a head need to be part of good old boys network
leadership drives a lot of work for analyst but rarely makes any decisions based on that info
Advice: Downturn is a great time to make a fesh start and change behavior for good
Pros: Benefits & pay are good

Cons: GM do not have much opening recent years, so it does not guarantee that you can stay there after you graduate.
Advice: I just think the air conditioning in the R&D center is not very good especially during the weekend, the others are fine.
Pros: good experience for a fresh student to find a job. You can get to know lots if people there,  very nice peoplet here.

Cons: Promotions based on who you know more than what you know.  Management can be very petty and back stabbing.  If you speak up or "rock the boat" it is held against you.
Advice: Regcognize leadership in the orgainization.  Promote based on knowledge and ability not on who you know.
Pros: Pay and benefits are on par with other companies.

Cons: -Not very rewarding
-Almost no interaction with bosses
-Depressing place to work during the economic downturn
-Middle management is not entirely competent
Advice: Pay more attention to your interns. If my experience was like most interns, then it does not look great for future hires. n.
Pros: -Well Payed
-Flexible Hours
-Nice people
-Expansive complex in Warren, MI
-Some nice perks, such as company car occasionally and trips to proving grounds

Cons: High pay expects intense work and hours, but worth it.
Advice: Although our employees will find a way to get it done, some requests are time intensive and could be avoided from a time cost/benefit perspective.  Nice to have information could sometimes be avoided.
Pros: Constant updating so also improving employees skills and knowledge.  Progressive.  Many functional areas to work. Good pay.

Cons: Dealing with poor work attitudes of a minority of employees.  The union. Lack of recognition from upper management unless you screw up.  Lack of opportunity to advance unless you have an engineering degree.
Advice: 
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Instant recognition on the resume.  When times were good job could be done sitting in the office.

Cons: Need to work through a multiple layer decision making process, which is typical of most large organizations
Advice: We tend to undersell our technology/products and let the competition take the initiative away from us
Pros: Abundant Opportunities to excel, ideal place to build a well recognized professional experience base and global footprint

Cons: There is still a very strong "good old boys" network that is difficult for females to enter.
Advice: Ease up on the favoritism via networks and give others a fair opportunity.
Pros: GM allowed for flexible work hours which helped employees work around family obligations or emergencies.

Cons: No career growth you can stay in one area for many years
Advice: Keep your people engaged more. Offer opportunities to transfer with the company. Bring back some of the talent you had to let go during your hard financial times.
Pros: Big company an opportunity to learn many diverse skills

Cons: Old culture.  Good 'ol boy network still prevails.  Middle management stifled in old ways.
Advice: Promote more progressive thinkers, and people who are focused on the people side of the business.
Pros: Excellent vacation and holiday time.  Competitive salary.

Cons: Present software process is burdensome.
More training would help new employees on present process.
Advice: Focus on new software tools and training for employees.
Pros: A lot of interesting work with Hybrid vehicles.
Updating the software process with latest tools for software engineers are in the works.

Cons: If you are at the wrong location hard to get out. Some career advancement not as quick as should be.
Advice: 
Pros: Great experience and people. If in right location you have the ability to work on great projects.

Cons: Too big, too impersonal but seems to be taking off again.
Advice: You are going in the right direction.  Get rid of the government ownership.
Pros: Good union company so the salary and benefits are a positive.

Cons: financial position hurt the companies ability to maneuver
Advice: Developing a culture that has a better alignment of interests turns out to be less costly in the long run
Pros: huge resources, big issues to solve
