Cons: When the U.S. government became the leader of General Motors we were unsure of what was next. People were being released for obscure reasons and were replaced by people not familiar with manufacturing. The Lake Orion, Mi. plant, that produced the Chevt Malibu and Pontiac G6 - both great selling vehicles -  was closed and gutted by government demand and replaced by the slow selling Chevy Sonic. Both the Pontiac and Saturn name plates were gone. The Pontiac models sold well and Saturn finally had a design that moved people to their show rooms. The Olds and Hummer badge closing was probably over due, especially the Oldsmobile
Advice: Stay true to your core. In the early days of the company engineering ran the company, not accountants. This stayed as the norm until the mid '80's when accounting and one infamous account took charge of the company. We also remember Roger Smith and what he did which nearly killed the company prior to 2008. All of the GM vehicles looked like square boxes and the only way to distinguish a Chevy from a Old was by the badging. We do remember the "Cadillac" J car - a Chevy Cavalier  that could have ruined the Cadillac image.
Pros: They finally got it right when the lady they - the board - selected as CEO was a person with actual car manufacturing experience. Too many accountants had G.M. lose its identity as a design and engineering leader and they lost their role as a world leader in manufacturing. Ike, I believe, once said that whatever was good for GM was good for the country. I wish Mary Barra well

Cons: - do not care at all about career development even though they will preach to you that they do
- managers do not care at all about the big picture of the company 
- treat college hires like dirt and give them no responsibility at all 
- tell you its very easy to move around within the company if a role is not a fit for you, HUGE LIE 
- All processes are non existent yet you have to follow them....nuff said
- so many people in roles they are not qualified for and no one cares to train them 
- Training is a joke at this company and non existent for detailed skills 
- reward employees based on seniority not over intelligence and hard work

In the end all the "promises" used to get me to commit were all lies when I actually got to GM.
Advice: Actually care about turning around GM.  And show this in your actions.  Lead by example.  You all need to understand that the middle management (the people who are GM lifers 15+ years) have not and will not buy into the IT transformation therefor they should be fired, period.  Otherwise the company will go under...again.
Pros: not many.  A good pay for a job right out of college.  Young environment since they have hired about 3,000 college hires nationally in the past year for IT.

Cons: Way too many people. They hired 130 new hires out of college for 2014. You do not have the option to work from home. GM also has a culture of pretending to be busy, they don't exactly assign you too much work or provide adequate mentorship/supervision. This leads to a lot of poor candidates/hires that are either not knowledgeable about IT processes/ development/ systems analysis/ SQL(DBA)/ etc. By hiring that many people to fill their new innovation centers, GM ends up hiring way too much under-qualified individuals, with the end result of an ineffective in-house IT. Internal systems are also slow/overwhelmed/simply cannot keep up with the large number of employees and new hires enrolling for courses and classes.
Advice: Hire less people, retain better talent. The company is already too big, do yourself a favor and be more selective with the people you pick to work for you. You don't need 7 new hires on the same IT team.
Pros: Excellent benefits. Get to drive GM cars for free for up to one week. Up to 8% 401K matching, with a $1500 FSA account bonus if you enroll in a physical within November of your first year (wellness credit).  Also eligible for $3000 in bonuses every 6 months, for up to your first three years as a new hire. Starting salary is also competitive.

Cons: Minus Holiday Pay* (you need to establish 90 days worked) and regular raises*, you don't receive any perks (vacation time, job selection, insurance, bonus checks, job security, accumulating seniority) until the company decides to make you a full time, permanent, hourly employee. Way back when, you would be one after 90 days flat out. Today, you can be a temp indefinitely. I've been for 3.5 years and I know many who were for 6-7+. You are forced to work the most undesirable jobs in your facility that nobody else wants and you are very much encouraged not to try and take time off, because essentially you are there for absence relief. You may be laid off several times before you are hired, they may also lay you off, and later bring in other people who've never worked for the company before and hire them despite you never having given them a reason not to want you back.

*You lose your earned rate of pay established through raises every time you are laid off. Basically you have to start anew. Also you'll have to earn holiday pay back every time
Advice: How about you throw your temps a bone and hire them - the hardest working people you have -  AT LEAST after they rack up YEAR(s) of straight employment without stops. People are not robots they need vacation time, sick time, job security, and benefits...
Pros: Rate of Pay for entry level employees is on par with/better than most jobs requiring next to no education

Cons: Never seen corrupt place like this - no wonder why the ignition issue came up. The IT is mainly controlled by contractors turned GM employees mostly Indians and they don't have any clue at all other than taking a small thing and blow it up. GPSC is so corrupted that Indian Managers are even taking a bribe in India so that they can bring 10s of worthless contractors for nothing, The contractors don't have anything to do but GPSC managers have been taking money under the table so they have to protect or defend their wrongdoing. If someone complains then that person will be retaliated right away. HR is just a joke and they are aligned with the managers, or they don't have any clue. If you have Indian then you have chance to survive but other races are discriminated, retaliated and intimidated - and it's happening in US soil - hard to believe.
Advice: Get the GPSC management who are involved in brining in offshore contractors investigated and fired right way because they have been taking bribes in India. Just start with the ICVM first to see how bad the resources are managed - talk to the developers during the investigation not the managers because they are the ones who are corrupt.
Pros: There is nothing other than recruiter promising the IT being like Start up & a tons of growth, but that's not the reality once you join.

Cons: The working conditions in the manufacturing facility are dirty, dangerous and generally unhealthy.  Overtime is mandatory and can last for years.  Some people love it and want the money, other people would like to have a life, but regardless of what you would like, you MUST be there.  If you are told to work 70hrs/week for 3 years, you have to do it.  I personally prefer to live my life outside of work, so that didn't settle well with me.
The longtime management vs. union conflict make working relationships incredibly stressful.  Management treats union members as if they were the enemy and the union returns the same energy back.  It is a working dynamic that is exhausting and incredibly frustrating.
Advice: I doubt that any member of management could do anything to correct this issue other than just be courteous to everyone.  It is really not in the power of any member of management to make any changes, the rules for the game are written by the top level executives.  So, it is a fundamental flaw in the entire structure of the company's working relations with the union.  It's just something that you have to deal with if you work there.
Pros: The pay & benefits are good.

Cons: Many silos, cultural torpor, and misplaced arrogance from an earlier era of greatness in certain circles.  Experienced hires cannot make job changes and usually are not selected for development, a side effect of the "frozen middle".  So it is a bad place to end a career unless the job offered is really the final job one seeks.
Advice: Some "creative destruction" may help in this case.  The company has such a legacy that makes it so hard to change its culture, even though everyone agrees it needs to be done.  Be nimble, humble and move fast as other competitors are closing in.  Acting like GM is still #1 is so out of date, because it is not anymore. Keep in mind culture is what people do, and asking the same people doing the same thing over and over, to just change their culture is not going to cut it.
Pros: Large company with many interesting assignments and projects.  Excellent place for a young graduate to learn, gain experience and start a career.  Maybe even stay for life if selected for development.  Doing well along with the rest of the auto industry and much improved financials.

Cons: low starting salary
lots of red tapes
bullying new hires

you need to know how to deal with people like a politician to survive, experienced employees like bullying and stabbing others(especially against new hires) in the back. Technical skill is less important than communication skill. You performance is evaluated by whom you know not what you know. 

Starting salary is the same for all new hires regardless of their background(and it's below the average). No matter if you a CS major or business major, the salary is all the same as software developers
Advice: Add more techinical questions to the interview process, pure behavioral questions will not help you find the most qualified candidates.
Pros: relatively easy to get the job offer.
good work-life balance
good mentorship(at least in my team)

I'm lucky that my team members are really helpful when I just get started, when I have questions I can always find the right people to ask and it works well. Also my manager is really nice and cares about my growth.

Cons: Far too many politics.  Project is put before People and Product - leading to unhappy people and low quality Product.  Far too much pressure to meet deadlines - at the cost of quality and even sanity.  Too many people looking out for themselves.  Getting ahead by stepping on others instead of by showing initiative, innovation, and enthusiasm.  Much of this culture seems to trickle down from senior management.  You don't see it in the younger folks.  Much of it seems to come from Dell and HP (who came from Dell) employees.
Advice: You won't be able to compete with other IT organizations if you don't start placing People first.  Make people happy to work there because its a great place to work.  Don't make them feel like they should be happy to have a job.  A positive work environment works REALLY well in the IT industry.  IT folks are not line workers, and can't be measured by simple numbers.  The need to have the tools and freedom to think and innovate.  See Google.
Pros: I loved the enthusiasm and energy from the younger developers. The 401K is good BUT only vests after 3 years!  They don't like to mention that part during interviews.

Cons: Company claims to want to innovate but something as simple as using a new library or software requires multiple months to get approved by both architects and the legal team. Insane amount of beauracracy and red tape. Heavily silo-ed environment where teams focus on only one small piece of the puzzle and refuse to help with anything outside their area of expertise. Developing any application requires multiple meetings with multiple teams who often block anything that falls outside dictated standards. Hardware requests can take months and require multiple meetings with architects who push back on every request. Reactive mentality to only increase hardware resources when problems occur rather than a proactive mentality to prevent those problems in the first place. Standards are enforced by the letter rather than the spirit.
Advice: Give developers more flexibility to innovate rather than tying their hands with excessive process and red tape.
Pros: Opportunities for leadership.
Opportunities for management if so inclined. 
Decent salary.
Good benefits.
Large amount of vacation days if you are able to take them.

Cons: COMMUNICATION, which is a known con for just about any global enterprise, company still operates in silos at times, senior/executive management appears to have different views and ideas from mid-level management, can sometimes cause confusion to sub-ordinates at the end of the day and delay production
Advice: Stay consistant with ideas, projects, and agenda's from executive leadership all the way down to the sub-ordinate levels. Mid-level management should actually lead and when necessary object to executive level leadership if what's being asked from sub-ordinates isn't possible. Get  the "yes mam" "yes sir" mentally out of here. It was the root cause for the recent ignition switch problem.
Pros: competitive salary, company phone + computer, competitive benefits package, annual end of year shut down (10 paid days off from work), Team GM annual bonuses, ability to check out new vehicles for a week upto 4 times a year, limitless opportunities for career growth and advancement if you network and market yourself to the right people.

Cons: HRM is horrific,  the IT organizations are horrific and bureaucratic and arrogant, and deliver expensive corporate databases that don't work.  I would avoid all IT jobs,  the corporate staffs are screwed up white collar welfare departments,  avoid them too,  The only places I woukd work would be engineering or finance,  you can have a good and satisfying job and career in those areas,  not much hope anywhere else.
Advice: Need to start over with the IS&S  and IT departments, which are a big ugly mess being hid from top management with too much hot air.   need to replace current top management in those areas.  The IT situation is horrid and getting worse and dominated by political hacks that fool top management.
Pros: The engineering organization  is  fairly good,  they have their act together in more departments than not.   The company is  large and some  departments  suck.  People are pretty laid back,  some of the work is quite interesting and challenging.

Cons: Difficult to move up to a different salary level.  IT teams are spread across different US time zones but yet are expected to collaborate constantly.  CIO is not supportive at all of working from home even though there is a big space crunch and we are always on the phone with our various US locations.
Advice: Research telecommuting.  If your employees don't have to spend an hour commuting/parking/walking to the office, they can spend that hour working.  Stop treating employees like they're children who can't be trusted to work without someone watching them.  The quantity and quality of their work will let you know whether working from home is working out or not.  If you think that being in the office means they can collaborate, then why did you put the rest of their team in other US locations?
Pros: Best benefits in the industry, in my opinion.  Pretty flexible for work/life balance.  Nice office atmosphere (RenCen).

Cons: There is a focus to bring in a large amount of new college hires for which to nourish and grow to become the company's core IT work population. However, there is not enough focus on the mid to senior level in terms of keeping talent for which the college hires will learn from. Without a competitive pay for the area, you'll continue to see a mass exodus of these employees which will severely impact the ability for GM to reap the benefits of their seeded college hires.
Advice: Crunch the math, at a minimum the company should match the average pay for the IT professional in their city of employment. The cost associated with training due to hire turnover does not even come close to the cost of adjusting salaries to align with local averages.
Pros: Startup feel, new projects and concepts being completed from scratch, cutting edge technology/frameworks. Great teams that have experienced, seasoned senior developers.

Cons: Lack of growth / Pay increases
Advice: Cannot believe how inefficient processes are for a tech support desk. Many agents actually HAND WRITE their notes then slowly punch it into the computer because they lack adequate typing skills. Normal process for agents to leave customers on hold for 20+ minutes while they physically get up from their desk, walk across the building to speak with next level up about issues, sometimes agents even have to line up and wait for next level support. Voice mail process involves a level 1 agent HAND WRITING slips of paper with notes, then wandering around the office and handing them out to a level 2 to handle. For being HP tech company with GM, such high reliance on paper and wandering around office is ridiculous.
Pros: Pay is ok, work is easy in that, this desk does not adhere to any strict metrics, lots of goofing off is common place, was surprised to see what people get away with. Great entry level position - resume builder

Cons: In a significant portion of job roles, it is assumed that you are omniscient, and little guidance is needed to "hit the ground running". Some see this as a Con, some see this as an opportunity to rise to the occasion. It depends on your personality. Whether you see this is a Pro or Con,  this an unnecessary risk to project execution.
Advice: Perhaps a better mentoring/oversight program can be encouraged to facilitate new job transition.
Pros: If you want to have a career in engine engineering, this is the place. The organization is very keen on developing engineering capability and broadening experiences. If you choose to diversify your experience in several engineering areas, or simply gaining experience with different components, the organization supports this pursuit. If you desire to experience all aspects of engine engineering, this is a great place to do it. I have worked at a small 6-person design firm, and now one of the largest corporations in the world, the opportunities for learning and growth are immense in this org.

Cons: * Not focused in mentoring young and inexperienced engineers.  Lack of supervision and involvement by management.  Instead it rely on senior engineers for their training and learnings, but at the same time management wants competition --- this creates conflicts.
* Doesn't focus on team work but individual accomplishments 
* Management allow culture  of pride, trash talk and unproductive competition among engineers
* management allowed non-business behaviors.  For example, open dating among young coworkers creates people issues (almost feel like high school, this should be after work and personal)
* Management allow childish behavior among young people
* Does not embrace innovation, 'not invented here' attitudes, not open to criticism (improvements) from engineers outside their area
Advice: * Practice team work rather than 'alliances' even within each organization 
* allow open communication between employee and upper management 
* Promote right people and social values, integrity, teamwork
Pros: * Hired great college graduates and experienced engineers
* more freedom to design in your area of responsibility.
* Recognize individual contributions

Cons: Poor project planning and a misunderstanding of Agile / SCRUM produces unrealistic expectations from all project team members.  Lots of pressure to deliver to the project plan milestones with very poor requirements and constant and significant scope creep.  Horrible work-life balance.
Advice: Commit to using either Agile / SCRUM or waterfall projects, but don't mix the two together and expect great results.
Project planning and requirements gathering must improve if you wish to retain employees, improve work life balance and create realistic project timelines.
Pros: Lots of challenges and new projects surfacing, which provide opportunities to pioneer new and creative solutions for the first time within the company.  Lots of skilled, intelligent people to work with and learn from.  Use of cutting edge technologies are available to use and get experience with.  Great benefits and pay, along with generous time off and opportunities to drive high-end GM vehicles.

Cons: Sometimes the long hours wear on you, but the end result keeps your focus.  Working for a Union shop has challenges on Union and Management sides.  Trying to create better communication systems or channels is difficult.
Advice: Take time to listen to employees on the assembly to learn of their difficulties with stations you created for the process.  Sometimes employees can show you are more improved way to increase efficiency.
Pros: Working for GM gave many opportunities to learn new skills.  The company stands behind their employees and have high expectations, but work with you to make sure those are attained.  The long hours during change over periods bring much challenge that can be used as an opportunity to show your talent and skills. GM was always willing to lend me hand when a problem occurred by having the right manager or leader come to help.  I found I always had great support.

Cons: Not family friendly in any way...found a job share partner but could not talk management into it following maternity leave. Tried for flextime: denied. Tried for telecommuting: denied. I had stellar annual reviews and was slated for bigger things supposedly. Loads of promises for promotion, waited for YEARS, then when I tried to come back from maternity leave all of those promises evaporated. I suspect it is because I took a full maternity leave. Engineering management seems more work/life balance friendly than marketing departments. Still the Old Boys Network.
Advice: Get with the 21st century. People can work remotely sometimes now, it's called the "internet" also, you are contributing to brain drain...stop scratching your heads wondering why you aren't one of Working Mother's top employers anymore. Bring back flextime/telecommuting/job sharing and be open about it.
Pros: Exciting to work on cars, most people there are very smart and understand product quality comes first.

Cons: Promotions don't always go to the most qualified people. There are fast track employees and then the rest; High performing, enthusiastic employees are left to claw and scratch their way up the chain unless you're one of the lucky chosen few (helps to be a minority). Highly bureaucratic environment. Be careful where you accept a job; some functions/areas are dead-enders and direct supervisors can make it hard for you to move within the company.
Advice: Put more emphasis on taking care of your hard working middle tier of employees. Good people are walking out the door.
Pros: A variety of exciting & interesting careers. Fun work environment if you like cars / trucks. Generous holiday and vacation allowance. Good salary for the industry. Good benefits & 401k match. Flexible hours. Ability to move around the company.

Cons: With pensions frozen there's no real reason to stay other than accrued vacation time.
You need to be very political to get ahead. There's little regard for technical excellence.
More bureaucracy seems to be management's answer to every problem.
Management only seems interested in developing and promoting youth. Mid career employees who've been stuck waiting for Baby Boomers to retire and open up opportunities are being overlooked.
Advice: Give more consideration to those who still have 10 to 25 years to go in their career.
If you're not getting the results you want, ask yourself if you have the right people in place in middle management. Address the problems in 'the frozen middle'.
Pros: Flexible hours and occasional work from home if you have the right manager.
Lot's of hiring going on, but maybe too much.
Good career potential for a young, new hire. (See below if you are experienced.)

Cons: The IT organization is going the micro-management route with tickets, time monitoring, etc.  Makes you feel like you are not trusted.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors is a great place to work.  When writing reviews about such a large company, users need to understand that one person can have it very different than another.  It all depends on your specific organization, manager, and etc.  I hope to only include elements that apply to all GM employees.  GM has a fair and transparent stance on many things including compensation and job opportunities.  That impresses me.  Salaried employees are given information on their current salary vs the market rate, what level they are, etc.  The job opportunity awareness program gives employees a shot of the hundreds of jobs available any given day.

Cons: Overcoming enormous hurdles. For instance selling vehicles that are over priced according to the bank,  Which in turn asking for customers for money down due to credit & book value. Also not believing in what you are selling.
Advice: I would like to obtain a responsible position within an established organization that values loyalty and hard work. Willing to take advantage of training that will enhance my value to the employer.
Pros: Dealerships are changing. There are fewer and fewer dealerships around anymore. I love cars, if you like people, and are ethical, you have the chance to be very successful, and work around, drive, and even own some of your favorite cars. As a bonus, you have the opportunity to help change the dealer stereotype for the better, and hopefully years down the road people can actually look forward to shopping for a car.

Cons: Very difficult to get a promotion and progress in career. New internal roles rarely become available and if they do, employees are not notified. Sometimes the work can get stale and there is not a defined process put in place to create a streamlined workflow.
Advice: Management needs to get organized. There seems to be a great deal of miscommunication as to what people's job roles are and what their team is responsible for and working on. They need to lead by example and collaborate with other managers as much as they're team collaborates among themselves. You should ALWAYS know the employees you manage, what their names are and what they do.
Pros: Great people, great benefits, competitive salary. They truly care about their employees and create a nice work environment that's great for collaborating.

Cons: Sometimes the workload is overwhelming. Upper management is trying to hire more engineers, but it is difficult to find great candidates (something I know from trying to recruit to GM's high standards of GPA requirements and hands-on experience myself). Many of us are hoping this will get better soon, but the nice part is that you are always busy and you generally get pulled into many different roles to help your team get stuff done before deadlines. 

Sometimes the travel is overwhelming with a calibration role, you tend to work from sun-up to sun-down on these trips and get little time to re-charge at night, but if you love your work its not bad.
Advice: Keep focusing on trying to not overload engineers and try to hire more people to disperse some of the workload. Otherwise, great job listening to the employee surveys, I have heard many good things from my co-workers. 

It would be beneficial for employee-morale to pay more overtime on development trips. There are many complaints about the long hours away from family with hardly anytime to call home and talk to wife/kids when they are away. There are also costs associated with travelling (getting a baby sitter on weekends, hiring a company to keep up with lawn care, having contractor deal with issues that come up unexpectedly at home while you are not around to fix them, boarding pets, etc. that do not seem to be taken into account by managements slight compensation and a vacation day for Sunday work).
Pros: Many perks to this job such as a competitive salary, profit sharing, company vehicles, future product exposure, and raises are common if you work hard every day. It is fast-paced and the company is always seeking new advances in engine/transmission/hybrid technology. I am very happy to be a part of General Motors. I would strongly suggest taking a job here if possible. Many people are scared of moving to the area, but if you are interested in Powertrain, it does not get much better than living in the towns around Milford and Pontiac, they are typically low in crime and you have access to a lot of fun areas. It is also easy to drive further out of the populated areas and live in the country if you want to prevent driving in congestion etc. 

Career Development here is outstanding, if you want something, there are many people here that will do anything to help you get there (including Managers and Directors). The company seems to have switched to a "new" model of "put people in the jobs that will make them happy" and you can see the results, no one is leaving and many are coming into GM from Chrysler/Ford. I cant say enough about how supportive and helpful management is to help your self-develop.

Cons: Too slow to change
Too many layers still
Flexible work arrangements are not encouraged.  
Reluctant to promoting change and ideas
Still old school groups that have stronghold
Cross functional training is not well done or at all done
Not work place of choice yet
Promotions within some organizations is not common
Does not have company family referral program for job placement/internship
Advice: Listen to customers and employees
React faster with more urgency when customers are dissatisfied
Standardize regional processes and practices-still not there
Make design changes faster
Promote or hire for best potential capability and leadership of candidate vs just past experience
Study and provide work arrangement policy and implement across the board
Provide childcare or alternative support near work locations
Pros: Great Value, ethical standards
Good people to work with
Many areas to work in
Diverse culture and organization
Good benefits
Good bonus
Working on continuous improvement
Workers are engaged
Good standardized process and controls in manufacturing cars

Cons: Group Leaders probably have the most difficult job in the company. Daily work life is spent sandwiched between upper management and the UAW; you get unbelievable amounts of stress from both ends. There are a lot of cliques: If you don't align yourself with one of them,  you basically end up getting overlooked for promotion and other opportunities, but what company doesn't have some level of high school shenanigans? The person who is the outsider, that is to say, someone who removes themselves from the daily drama,  is considered as not being a team player.
Advice: Learn to be faithful. If this were the military, a lot of people would be convicted of adultery.
Pros: Decent pay for the area but still behind the curve as compared to Ford and Chrysler.

Cons: The company has a very simple and effective work plan: the recruiters lie to people to get them in.  Once in, managers dump 3x the work that any person can humanly handle.  Then HR makes sure that they get a "poor performer" review if they try to look for a job at another company.  How do you get out of this perpetual cycle?  You don't!  You work till you're worn out at which point you are quietly replaced by a fresh young college hire.  GM has been around for a very long time and they've gotten pretty good at this game.  If you want to work here, just know what you are getting yourself into.  And good luck.
Advice: Grow a heart
Pros: People here are young, optimistic, and eager to learn.  Cafeteria also serves awesome food.  This makes lunchtime awesome...just a bunch of chill people eating good food.

Cons: bureaucratic nightmare. 90% of your job is pushing useless paper. Very political. Lots of lazy people due to being not held accountable because of the paperwork nightmare.
Advice: You need quality IT people and not quantity of IT people. Quite hiring 2 college hires for each Senior Hire. If you would make your processes efficient you would be more productive and need 2/3rds or the staff you have now. Too many mangers looking out for their own self. Need a management headcount reduction at the mid to lower levels.
Pros: Big company that has great benefits. Job security. I like the people personally. Lots of fringe benefits like check out a car for a week.

Cons: There really are no cons that I can think of other than the company intranet is limited to Sharepoint, which is very tedious when trying to create a website
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits, high-quality expectations, professional culture, modern work environment, several employee-centered social events, always reaching out to the community through volunteering and fundraising

Cons: Jobs on the assembly line are overloaded.  Jobs start as "temporary" with no benefits and may take quite some time to become "permanent" with benefits.  As a temporary employee, you are a floater and are continually moved around to different areas and jobs on the line which doesn't allow you to become fully efficient at the jobs you're on.  Management is highly stressed and it reflects on how they treat new employees.
Advice: Jobs are not set up in an organized manner.  Listen to your employees and set the jobs up so that they can be done more easily with the materials needed close at hand and in a systematic manner.
Pros: Starting salary was decent as compared to other manufacturing jobs in the St. Louis metro area.  No experience is needed to be hired.

Cons: This is a big one. If you do not start your job before April, you are not eligible for a pay raise next year, even if you work your butt off. So if you start at April 2015, you will not get a pay raise until April 2017. HR should be more transparent about this, because that is essentially a pay cut. So if you are considering taking an offer, you need to take this into consideration and/or after your final offer, bring up this topic and ask for an additional several percentage increase.

People are not held accountable for their work, and the work ends up going to those who have work ethic and technical knowledge. It's hard to fire people. The burden is on you to document their incompetence. And even when you do that, they would rather move the person to another team than to deal with HR. 

GM is starting to hire a lot of new college hires. It appears their strategy is to hire a lot of experienced people and throw a lot of money to incentives them to join. It's not easy to insource your entire IT operations so you need to pay people enough to deal with all the BS that comes along with off shored contractors. For example, the off shored contractors are not cooperative when it comes to knowledge transfers. We even have applications that do not have source code and we are forced to decompile the source code! Are the people who ran the projects previously held accountable? Nope, you just deal with it and make it work. 

Now that a lot of the hard work is done, their are hiring a lot of college new hires. They don't pick from top universities with strong engineering programs. GM seems to value EEO and hire from a lot of HBCU...more than I see from other companies. On a few teams I know of, there is on average a 1:1 ratio of experienced engineers to college hires. Some teams more, some teams less. But you will be spending a lot of time hand holding the new hires. Not only are some of them incompetent, but lack professionalism, such as coming in late, long lunches, missing meetings, sleeping on the job. 

In my opinion, once IT is full in-sourced, GM will start laying off the experienced engineers in hopes the new college hires who are paid a lot less will be able to take over. So if your are considering an offer, you should ask how many direct college hires are on your team and how many are experienced. 


Very little small perks. Bring your own coffee or pay $1.50...The company has no license for wireframe tool, so get use to using Microsoft Paint. No Christmas celebration or little perks to boost morale...just come in and work. 

Poor planning. I work in the Georgia Innovation Center. They've poorly planned the hiring process. People are stacked on top of each other, forced to share desks. We ended up renting a facility 15 minutes north, in Cumming to relieve the situation. Wifi is so slow because of the amount of people and poor infrastructure planning. If you can't plan for things you know will happen, how can you plan for things that you know won't happen? From an informal poll, most people live south of the facility so this is more time the company is taking away from you. Other companies I know are moving in town..GM...15 minutes further north. Myself and who joined before me did not have monitors docking stations for several months because of poor planning. Still currently only have 1 monitor. 

Even though they call the centers Innovation Centers, your job really is to take over and maintain poor performing, buggy old applications. And don't even bring up rewriting anything, no one wants to bring GM to 2015. 

The managers are generally non technical. Don't bother asking them what framework their apps use. If you ask them Spring or Struts, they'll think you're talking about the suspension system of a car. Ask them a question on PowerPoint, they can answer that. 

You have unlimited sick days. What this means is, you only take an entire day off if you are on your death bed. Other wise you work from home. 

Everything is slow. Need access to something? Fill out a ticket and wait a week. Need a firewall rule open? Fill out a ticket and wait two weeks. Of course, these blockers do not mean that *your* deadline gets pushed back.
Advice: IT works can pick and choose where they want to work. Make it a fun and productive environment.
Pros: Salary is competitive.
Start with 15 days of vacation (depending on when you join)
401k Matching is a max of 8% (assuming you meet the 3 year vesting period). 
HSA incentive of $1500 if you and/or your wife do a physical

Cons: The Austin Innovation Center was never a good place to work but certain things balanced it out like the Ambassador Program or the guaranteed raise every 6 months for new college hires.  Not so much anymore.  The Ambassador program is cancelled and the raises are no longer guaranteed.  Don't know if the changes are a sign of things to come, but probably not a place to recommend at this time.
Advice: Give back the Ambassador program, and give honest feedback about where the company is going.
Pros: Location is great.  Austin is known for it's traffic but the office is located away from all of it.  If you live nearby you wont have any traffic problems.

Cons: It's very difficult to advance in GM unless you have been "Chosen."  The mindset of a lot of the workers is antiquated.  The good ol boy network is alive and well.  Women do not advance as quickly or as often as the men.
Advice: Develop 21st Century thinking about promotions and opportunities within the company.  Give all employees the option to rotate through jobs if they desire to do so, not just a select few.  Be open to new ideas and new ways to do business.  Stay relevant.
Pros: I met a lot of great people that are still friends to this day.  The salary and benefits were outstanding.  You gain a lot of good experience that will help you when looking for other employment.

Cons: A lot of military commrodary which can lead to favoritism and promotions of green employees those who may not be as qualified as others. That's the "good ol boys" mentality within middle/upper middle management that needs to stop, as it pushes good employees away.
Advice: When selection candidates for positions that require a certain amount of engine mechanical knowledge, i.e., product engineers, we should be selection individuals who have some basic knowledge of engine systems. Possible pre-employment screenings or questionnaires during the interview process.
Pros: Fun, exciting, company that is headed in the right direction. They compensate well for those who invested in their education. Wonderful tuition programs for returning to school to further your education.

Cons: Depending on what area you work in the work load can vary making your role either real busy or running at a snail pace.  Still appears IT is setup to run like it's outsourced inside of being in- house.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits.  Start off with 3 weeks of vacation.  Have an option in health benefits to take an annual physical and get up to $1,500.00 put in your Healthcare Spending Account.  A chance to earn an annual bonus. Company has a lot of holidays including an end of year shutdown period that allows you to be off from usually the day before Christmas Eve until after New Years Day.

Cons: cryptic.  slow moving.  anachronistic.  I've never seen anybody get fired for being incompetent.  Lots of bright people, but organization lacks discipline.
Advice: After bankruptcy,  the middle management structure hasn't changed culturally.  They still believe it wasn't their fault and still largely operate the way they always have.  The few at the very top get it.  Those in the middle appear to those of us at the bottom not to.  It's a bit unsettling.
Pros: Interesting field.  Stable work.  Good people.  Relatively fair environment.  I've never seen anybody get fired for being incompetent.  Which, if you are hard working and good at your job can be frustrating.

Cons: In Global Purchasing and Supply Chain, there are constantly hot issues.  While there are many timelines and processes in place, hot items always crop up and take precedence, which in turn pushes everything else back - which then turns hot too. Also working with archaic systems that do not talk to each other, making analysis difficult
Advice: Senior management have great ideas, but have a hard time funneling it down to the working level.  For example, they send the message to have good relationships with suppliers, however the working level gets penalized if they can't squeeze every penny out of the supplier.
Pros: Great pay, good benefits, helpful coworkers. There is mobility between roles, however it is very competitive to get promoted.

Cons: GM has over 200,000 employees. You have to be willing to work with people otherwise you will get nothing done. In addition, GM has a huge corporate landscape with dozens of tools and processes that one must conquer. GM has made improvements in its orientation training material but expect no golden handbook on how to do your job. You must be independent, willing to ask questions, and ready to learn. 

It will take time for GM to completely change its corporate culture. I reference GM's culture as a pro but there is still a large minority that remain as "old GM." These are the people who look to do the bare minimum to get by. They take little pride in their work and they are thinking their home improvement job rather than their work. GM set subpar employee standards; therefore, these employees will remain.
Advice: 1) Fire the 10 percentile employees at GM. They cause more harm than good. 
2) Management should be trained to be effective leaders in addition to being effective managers. They should have the capacity to inspire others.  
3) There is a joke at GM, 90% of the company is "trackers" and 10% of the company is "doers." This should be flipped.
Pros: What was once a dull and boring company is now one of the most exciting companies to work for. The electronics industry is looking to pack technology into the automobile. From infotainment to powertrain, every aspect of the automobile is making vast leaps. GM recognizes this trend and is applying the necessary resources to support. 

I come to work everyday excited for what is ahead. I work with a skilled labor force that is capable to tackle any problem. And my management is happy to support me and enables me to be ambitious and take risks. 

Everyone in the engineering staff truly feels we can design the best car a customer could ever wish for. The only way GM is going to win customers is by building the best car and making the competition look substandard. Overall, what was once one of the worst companies to work for is now the best.

Cons: Competition is rough, especially since there's so many applicants out there. Very little or no technical questions were asked during the interview.
Advice: A two stage interview and they follow the STAR model for their interview. The mostly ask behavioral questions for both the first and second interview. The first lasted about 45 mins with 3 questions and 2 hours with 8 questions for the second.
Pros: The interviews are very causal and mostly behavioral questions, not too difficult if you prepared for them. If you have a chance to meet with the interviewer before the interview they do give useful advice on what to prepare yourself for what's to come.

Cons: New college hires tend to be lumped together. It's hard to hold an underperforming employee accountable, and it's hard to adequately reward an overachieving employee.
Advice: Recognize talent and hard work when an employee demonstrates it, and spend more one-on-one time to review employee performance.
Pros: It's easy to move around different projects to find a good fit. Most teams are flexible enough to allow for a comfortable work/life balance. Specifically speaking for the New College Grad program, GM is a company that offers the experience of working with other young hires as well as the mentorship of senior devs.

Cons: It can take a lot of meetings to get things done sometimes.
Advice: Remove some of the levels of approval to make things happen faster. This requires some trust in your employees, but that's ok because they know what they are doing.
Pros: I feel that compensation is very fair for the industry and the region. There is significant amount of flexibility in you schedule, as long as you get your work done and attend all of your meetings. The best part is that you get to see what you work on every day on the road in the hands of our customers.

Cons: 1) some areas are still focused on the tactical vs. strategic 2) still lots of old school mentality and entitlement "I've been here 30 years and should be promoted" 3) lack of financial accountability at the leadership level 4) workforce complacency 5) highly competitive industry
Advice: Goals should be measurable and tied to financial outcomes. Leadership needs to be more strategic-thinkers than tactical and data driven.
Pros: 1) CEO is doing a great job 2) changes are in the works but it's like turning the Titanic...takes time 3) good pay and benefits 4) global auto industry is very interesting 5) injection of new blood and innovation 6) opportunities to change roles

Cons: IT is going through lots of change as they insource. Processes changing frequently. GM enable project methodology can be DISnabling.
Advice: help identify what the career path is for positions so that people get a sense that company is investing in them and the employee will return the favor.
Pros: I get to work with some really smart people trying to navigate an IT organization that is in a transformation change. You get opportunities help facilitate the change in GM.
Flexible hours that is conducive to having a young family.
Great people to work with.
Benefits and pay is good if not better than large companies.

Cons: Teams are different but on mine there is too much backstabbing, politics and general negative old-school attitudes. Management is blind to destructive attitudes and behaviors of favorites on team;  project deadlines are not adjusted when external contributors are delayed in providing necessary information; too much power placed in too few hands; lack of encouragement for collaboration; if you offer constructive criticism expect to get your hand slapped; not recognized for going above and beyond.
Advice: wake up! get rid of the political turf wars; recognize talent and expertise; stop micromanaging,  being hyper critical and stop playing favorites.
Pros: Huge company, great vacation and perks. Interesting projects.

Cons: Your boss/es has the ability to determine whether or not you can move within the company. They tend to move up the brown nosers and the ones they do not care for. Which leaves you stuck in a department which does not allow for you to grow within the company.
Advice: Give a person the opportunity to grow within the company instead of holding people back. Give each individual the opportunity to learn the entire business instead of holding them prisoner in one department limiting their growth.
Pros: Great salary and benefits. When the company is doing well the profit sharing bonus is exceptional!

Cons: Some managers, like mine, may not be very good at allowing you to grow. Also, lots of projects are in-sourced from contracting companies, therefore lots of badly maintained applications, little to no documentation, so it could be very challenging at times (but it depends on what team you land).
Advice: Allow employees to move quickly and grow. If they are not happy, they will leave the company. Also, compensate when there is hard work and recognize it better.
Pros: Good benefits, potentially good opportunities but depending on what team you land on and who your manager is. Company is doing great in the market

Cons: Lacked direction
Rude coworkers
DRAMA!!
No one picked up after themselves
Advice: Show your people what they should vbe doing, lay the law down and tell them what IS and ISNT part of their job as described in their job descriptions.. 
Don't allow the ones who slack off and screw up on overnight shifts.. Make such a project for those who come to work after them and have to not only puck up their mess..but also do THEIR job...
If they don't do their hobs right, FIRE THEM!! 

You are NOT paying these overnight ladies to sit online watching YouTube and chatting on Facebook all might !!
Pros: Pay was good, hours were flexible

Cons: Large company with intense work schedule. Global footprint requires flexible working hours and not all groups are able to support that. Cultural challenges across team boundaries locally and globally
Advice: Continue to drive workplace of choice and cultural transformation. Drive to set bar high for quality, loyalty, and financial results. Look to the future and transform the company to be successful with disruptive technologies driving transportation options
Pros: Large company with lots of opportunity globally and cross-functionally. Shift in culture is ongoing for workplace of choice and results are promising. Currently growing and hiring.

Cons: Aging computer systems, way too much paper work, and BIG egos in management.  Half or more of my time was spent scheduling tests in computer systems from the 80's.
Advice: Some of you guys really need to watch your egos.  The second anything goes wrong, everyone jumps to blame someone in a lower position than them, and then those people blame overseas workers.
Pros: Great People, Good pay, and nice places to work.  I really like the average guy you meat at GM.  He/she is almost always a fun person to work and get a drink with.

Cons: Very big so you need to know how to network. It gets more political the higher you go but that is like that for a little t of companies.
Advice: Get 360 feedback on all of the senior leaders. Many are fantastic but there are a few that need some charm school especially in IT.
Pros: Really great people. Fantastic product that is so much better than people think. Good systems and processes. A changed culture where people have become must more transparent when something is not working. Very global and lots of career opportunities.

Cons: Opportunity to grow was limited and depends on who and how well you know people or may be how many years you spend on each level. Very traditional thinking.
Advice: Promote based on talent and skills not based time spent at each level or network within the company. Someone else commented that getting to 8th level is a huge deal and again depends on who you know, very true. So make it fair game.
Pros: Worked in advanced technology area so good learning and decent work environment and work life balance.

Cons: Management does not know the value of the workers in the many plants that service the companies bottom line. The sites are run like a high school and if you are not popular you are out..
Advice: If you want actually value your employees you will honor them for 15 years of service instead of bullying them until they are fired. Discrimination should not be tolerated but in Burton, MI it is accepted and encouraged.  The three shift rotation should be limited to 2 years.
Pros: The Employee Benefits Package and Tuition Reimbursement. The pay is comparable to any job in the industry.

Cons: BCBSM is constantly denying medical claims. No visibility into uncovered items like provider based billing even when providers are in-network.  Denies valid claims...just always having to chase something down. 

Process, process, wasteful, inefficient, silly process.
Advice: Fix the insurance claim denial issues.  People can't afford to work here and always be fighting insurance company.

Focus on the real priorities of creating ownership and pride in our work instead of slapping things together to get them out the door.
Pros: Redefining IT so lots of career opportunity.

Cons: Too top heavy in management.  The structure of management creates a very political atmosphere. Getting to the next level is based too much on politics and not enough on merit.
Advice: As a manager, you should be able to do the job of the people you manage. I would suggest learning at least the basics of how the job is done for those working under you. Also don't micromanage.
Pros: Get to work with diverse and modern equipment. Highly skilled workforce. Have freedom to do what I need to do to get the job done.

Cons: Im not sure how to phrase incompetent psychopaths without sounding jaded so I wont try. If you like working for executives with the skills and vision of such creative giants as Dell and HP this is the place for you. The Detroit guys treat the IT people with disdain and would prefer their old budgets and agencies come back.  There is no innovation in innovation centers, it is just old GM business owners barking ideas (mostly bad) down at IT.  You need to join the coffee club to drink coffee.
Advice: Your 3 year marks are coming up, take your 401k packages and get some real IT leadership in there.
Pros: Many good workers, and colorful paint.

Cons: High turnover of under 2 yr employees. Branches are run at minimum staff which can impact manager stress and vacation time options for all branch employees.
Advice: Adequately staff branches and stick to the initiative for the long term. Promote part timers into full time rolls sooner to reduce loss of good employees to full time jobs elsewhere.
Pros: Lots of flexibility in how you acheive your goals/run your business. Not micromanaged. Fair pay (a little low to start), salary can be quite competitive if you are good at the job.

Cons: The portability of plans is somewhat rigid even though its consistent with more broader national plans (such as HSA's) where the funding model should be made more available.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are very comprehensive for medical/dental/vision and based on the large size of the group, the individual and family rates are very competitive to large and small companies.  The out of pocket premiums are reasonable versus employee-pay-all plans.  The addendum benefits such as LTD or STD are included without extra financial commitments by the employee after limited amount of service time

Cons: The travel is very helpful, as mentioned above.  However, extensive travel can cause problems at home if you should have children in school.
Advice: The advice to management would be to consider a persons family life when extended travel assignments are being arranged for the engineering staff.
Pros: Very interesting work.  Travel to different plants, and vendor locations, provide insight to the business operation.operation.  This part of the job is very helpful to performing an engineers assignment in the home plant.

Cons: Good luck trying to get direct employment with this company. So many people have quit and went off to better paying jobs. Getting direct is so rare in that facility. I have a 4 year degree and was a team leader who did perfection work.. but still had to leave due to no long term employment.Management is so incompetent and blind on what really goes on there. Good luck to you. Everyone leaves this place after time.
Advice: Direct employment is so far and few. Management is incompetent and sloppy. You really need to open your eyes up and see whats really going on and how quality is just suffering.
Pros: Awesome facility and equipment. Its paid training for a new company.... a new & better life.

Cons: Very very big organization. Can feel lost in the shuffle sometimes. Endless cube farm in the larger buildings, with confusing layout.
Advice: I approve. I wish that there was more emphasis on less meetings and more doing. It seems like you just go from meeting to meeting all day with almost no time to get things done.
Pros: Very friendly, great work-life balance. Lots of opportunities to advance. The campus is very nice with many green spaces.

Cons: Management is a joke here.  It's basically Middle School.  Only the "cool" people get promoted.  It's extremely catty.  I can't believe this is 2015 United States and not 1950.
Advice: Your employees have no respect for you because they know their job performance means nothing, it's all about "who you know".
Pros: Get to work with many different suppliers and their employees.  Every project is slightly different so the work is not monotonous.  Very interesting to quantify waste elimination dollar value.

Cons: some of the challenges of working here are working with a lot of different people. different people brings many different attitudes which in terms causes more conflicts. they also have mandatory overtime on the weekends which may interfere with a lot of peoples plans
Advice: the management could do a better job at helping the union secure more jobs for the temps
Pros: best reasons to work there are their benefits, and profit shares. The can do a little better on their minimum wage but overall there a good company

Cons: Being a large company comes with its share of downsides. As an employee, you could very easily be forgotten and lost in the shuttle if you do not know exactly what it is you want out of you career. My piece of advice is to network as much as you can.
Advice: From numerous conversations with current and former employees, there appears to be consensus that upward reviews are long overdue.
Pros: GM is a global company with virtually hundreds of career paths to chose from.

Cons: Hard to go up the ladder for people just out of college
Advice: Make it performance based for new college hires and make sure they get rewarded by sending them up a level. Even though my performance has been good there is no chance for me to go up for few more years and it is disappointing.
Pros: Great set of people, willing to help and great fun working here. Coming in i was a bit nervous but this environment is simply amazing. Hope it continues to stay like that.

Cons: Not easy to move up. If you want to move to a different field you might have to move. Policies are always changing. People don't know what's going on half the time
Advice: I understand the change and trying to get things organized. The procedures need to be fixed and management needs to listen to there employees. Certain teams need more people badly.
Pros: Great people to work with. Great benefits like discounted cars. The office space is fairly quiet. Company is continually growing. The ATL office is mainly PM and devolopers

Cons: In the department that I worked, contractors are treated like second class citizens. Personally saw direct employees receive preferential treatment. Management was much more critical of issues. Mgmt did not treat contractors with mutual respect.
Advice: Need to check your ego at the door. Focus on the program and the metrics. Need to be consistent and fair in all decisions that effect employees and programs.
Pros: Good atmosphere in the tech center. Good sized cubical to work. Excellent cafeterias. Lots of parking around the complex. Nice camps for walking.

Cons: Management is okay. It is hard to get mentored for new hires, so expect sit around and do nothing for the first year on board. Things seem to be much better but still need more work.
Advice: Good move for allowing new college hire to move to different departments. This saved the company a lot of time and money from losing employees due to dissatisfaction with current department.
Pros: The company has very good benefits with a lot of holidays and vacation as soon as you start.

Cons: Long hours, unexpected shift changes, no flexibility. Negative managerial atmosphere
Advice: Give employees something to work towards, dont dangle sn unattainable carrot. Stop giving preferential treatment bcuz of who people know. Create a team atmosphere.Good ole boy network is DEAD!
Pros: The Money is good at first The benefits are descending, they were better when Blue Cross was included. Vacation days good, and you can buy days.

Cons: Absolutely no work/life balance
Pay for New College Grads is very low compared to the average salary given to such individuals in similar roles
Meetings tend to be held very early in the morning (9:15am or earlier and you MUST attend in person)
The facilities suck (the workplace doesn't even have coffee or handsoap in the cafeteria)
They will Lie in their offer letters (I know at least 2 people whose offer letters promised them a role as Business Analysts but they were placed in technical QA roles after!!)
They don't do any coding interviews when hiring new talent.
If you're a foreign employee, they will not assist with Immigration/Natualization services
Advice: Improve the cons.
Pros: Health insurance is pretty good.

Cons: The people you work with are a different breed. Women have to act like men, No matter what anyone says a woman can use her assets to her advantage. Always be on guard
Advice: Allow more production staff the opportunities to apply for management, there are times when we can run a production shift better if we had no one standing over us.
Pros: Flexibility, Team work, Benefits, Everyday is a challenge, You have endless opportunities if you just take chances.

Cons: Have to work hard to get noticed, but it makes you work harder and do a good job. Overall, I've been happy with my experience and love the company
Advice: Have a more clear path to advancement and what you want and see in new hires, mid career, etc. Help everyone understand the goals and objectives.
Pros: GM truly seems to look ahead on a business wide level and a personal professional level -- that is if you're willing to seek extra work and opportunities.

Cons: Political and inherently culturally sexist. Favor given to Kettering Graduates and legacies with multiple generations of family employees. The motto "I can make an engineer a supervisor but I can't make a supervisor an engineer" has led to much attrition of new college grads, stuck supervising on off shifts
Advice: The upper leadership has come a long way and seems to focus on safety and quality of product, but many plants are decidedly old school
Pros: Competitive salaries, heavy emphasis on new technologies, tuition assistance

Cons: General motors often holds you into a position when you excel at it as opposed to allowing you to expand your horizons.  Often those who struggle gain more experience in order to find their niche.
Advice: I would strongly suggest that General motors create a definitive career path with positive change and continuous improvement.  They should train more cross functionally.
Pros: General motors has a very diverse employment base with numerous avenues to expand your tool box of knowledge and experience.

Cons: This is definitely not a good place to work.  But the thing I hate the most about this place is how managers use your personal life as ammo against you.  Are you from a working class family?  Well then you can have the worst job in here cause it's still better than anything your parents had right?  Do you have lots of student loans?  Then you won't mind working this weekend cause you need that bonus right?  I can't wait to get out of this dump.
Advice: Less tricks, more management
Pros: Lots to learn and do which means job security if you're concerned about that.

Cons: Some plants have a lot of down time. Also, assembly line work is a dead end and a lot of wear and tear on your body.
Advice: Some assembly line workers are more useful in the front office. Management should pay more attention to workers on the front line, they can provide useful ideas to help increase productivity and lower cost.
Pros: General Motors offers great pay for non degree having employees. If you are willing to work long hours, this company is the place for you.

Cons: It is in MI, where the weather is not bearable for everybody. And it is not paying as much as Ford, if your goal is making as much money as possible only.
Advice: That is a awesome program and I am feeling I was so lucky that I got the interview. I won't go any other company since I feel really comfortable here.
Pros: Managers are super friendly and there are challenges everyday. You don't stick to one task forever. Interesting projects come relatively often.

Cons: Low probability of long-term employment through retirement, due to high turnover in company strategy to gain fresh ideas from new and different designers.
Advice: It is preferable to select key creative people early in their careers who have excellent opportunity for growth, and to direct, sponsor, and guide their personal development so they can perform at their maximum potential through continuous improvement.
Pros: Opportunity for close interaction with top executives of the company.

Cons: Some departments reward favoritism instead of merit. Employees wishes and needs sometimes go unheard with such a large company.
Advice: Make the benefits easier to access. Treat long term employees with more loyalty as they are the ones who have helped the company get where it is at.
Pros: Good pay and benefits compared to rest of the market. American company that will give you great experience if you are willing to work for it. Great starter job out of college.

Cons: While the work is dynamic and sometimes enjoyable, there were times when there were slowdowns in production. There often were personalities clashes between individuals, but these were anomalies. Mostly it's a business full of wisdom.
Advice: Listen to your new hires more. Don't try to control them so much that you kill their creativity. Let them create outside the lines.
Pros: Amazing talent and strong leadership. Great Benefits. Excellent Pay. The work is consistent and there are vast amounts of experience throughout the organization.

Cons: Aggressive timelines lead to shortcuts and lack of in house expertise on systems being supported/enhanced.
Poorly defined processes. Need to focus on quality, maintainability, etc.
Advice: Give seasoned staff the chance streamline the development and delivery process. Remember that meeting a deadline is not the end of the road - systems need to be easy to proactively support once they go live
Pros: GM is busy insourcing their IT needs so there is a lot of opportunity to improve systems and plenty of work to be done.

Cons: The interview process is ridiculous and irrelevant to a technical job, average benefit package at best, employee discount has been hollowed out, plenty of incompetent middle managers clinging to control.  Lots of politics.  Avoid anything to do with the dyno lab.
Advice: Walk the walk on work life balance and the cost-driven culture we are supposed to be eliminating.  Reward your key contributors with more opportunity.
Pros: Coworkers are generally good people, generous holidays and vacation.

Cons: As with any large coproration there is lag-time and hundreds of systems.  These could be consolidated for more effcient use of time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a solid employer that pays and compensates with salary and benefits over the market average.  They have a great long-term outlook with a senior management team focused on the future of the company, not just the now.  I'm very impressed with my time so far at GM.

Cons: Horrible inexperienced management, including upper management.  Employees and management are allowed to disrespect and retaliate against employees if a complaint is geared towards management.  HR is a absolute Joke!!  VERY high turnover.  Folks are known to leave GM IT innovation after working there 4 months or less...in lew of so called "good pay and benefits".  Horrible culture.  Technology is sub-par.  Stressful environment. Stay clear.  Much better opportunities out there.
Advice: GM I T Innovation Centers....Start over or get your attorneys ready.
Pros: None...many companies offer same or better benefits.  Medical covers nothing until deductible is paid.

Cons: In sourcing HP employees without a proper plan caused various issues throughout the integration process.  Too many managers and political issues with the HP in sourcing.
Advice: Proper planning and organizational structure would help with and insourcing or outsourcing actions in the future. Proper organizational structure - aligning with business needs is required to be successful.
Pros: Flexible working hours with good benefits and complex infrastructure - makes for a challenging place to work and benefits were great compared to others.

Cons: IT locations are called innovation centers but management style is the complete opposite. Industry standards are ignored (SDLC) along with business courtesy. Not a place to learn correct processes.
Advice: Ask why a company with great benefits and pay has so many unhappy employees and a high turnover rate
Pros: Great benefits and competitive salary. The opportunity the work on the latest QA software.

Cons: Engineers are like ants to this company so your voice isn't really heard and you don't make that big of a difference.
Advice: Assign employees to jobs that are similar ( at least a little ) to the original job they signed up for. Don't bribe them to do work in one position to obtain another position.
Pros: Job stability, getting to drive cars, always something to do, and lots of different positions to try while you are working there.

Cons: As with most corporations, politics plays a part. Sometimes creating change can be slow and difficult with all of the hurdles to overcome.
Advice: Promote creativity and back it up by proving that good ideas can come out on top. Work to loosen the strict ways that older, expreienced hires seem to refuse to work outside of.
Pros: Potential to move around roles and try new things. Not too many set-in-stone ways so there is plenty of opportunity to affect process.

Cons: Work/life balance can sometimes be forgotten about and unrealistic expectations can be placed on developers to meet deadlines, especially for new hires who have only just started
Advice: Get to know your new hires and ask them their strengths and weaknesses, ask them if they want to change teams or if they enjoy their work.
Pros: For a first job, the environment is great, there are many young people, the benefits cover the basics, and vacation is offered

Cons: Until you are hired on full time you have no rights and all the responsibility.  Don't ever be late.  Don't ever miss work.  They want employees who care more about work than taking care of family.
Advice: Give your workers a chance to make the job work.  Work should not be more important than every other facet of life.
Pros: General Motors pays well and you have the opportunity to work a lot of hours

Cons: I can not think of any downsides yet..there is a measure of ambiguity due to size, but at at the base levels, management is good
Advice: maybe a little less GMS and a little more engineering, but I'm still getting paid, so....oh well! Good environment to work in, thanks!
Pros: GM has so many programs to help employees, and so many different departments, if you ever feel like your career has "hit a wall", it is your fault!

Cons: Because they are in the middle of an IT transformation, there are a million processes in place that show down any actual work.  The red tape is often difficult to get through.
Advice: Work harder/better on implementing Agile processes and not trying to keep waterfall going at the same time.
Pros: The benefits are above any I've had: 401k, bonus, vacation, paid company holidays - all sound basic but are better than average here.

Cons: - software development process is really messed up. 
- Quite a few low/middle level managers make money and drive GM cars while not making real contributions.
- Slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: - GM is moving outsourced IT services back to the U.S., including software development.
- Good 401(k), inexpensive health insurance, possible bonus. Salary is average.
- above average holiday/vacation days (although vacation days can't be rolled over to next year)
- work environment is pretty decent.

Cons: The company is still heavily invested in previous ways of business.  Much of the work is top down and developers are not involved in product development.
Advice: Let developers solve the problems that the business owners have.  Don't let the solutions be prescribed for development.
Pros: You'll work for a global company with many hard-working people.  The benefits are very good and the work life balance is reasonable

Cons: They make it hard to move around and trap you in jobs much longer than you want to be and I do not like that.
Advice: Keep moving in the direction you are going, getting rid of the bad apples and you will be the best automotive company in the world once again.
Pros: It has changing the workplace of choice is great. There are lots of activities to get into and lots of opportunities to learn.

Cons: Hard to get corporate to understand the issues at the individual plant level.  Always looking to save money in places where there is no more to take away.
Advice: Listen to the employees, they are your most valuable asset.  Be more forthcoming with news, good or bad, we are in this together.
Pros: Great company, great pay and benefits.  Will support you and your ideas if they feel it can improve the company.  Team attitude.

Cons: Leadership is the worse. Many supervisors and managers in people leader roles who are not people leaders and developed themselves. Lack of education and knowledge.
Advice: Promote people in leadership roles who are leaders.  Have had leadership training.
Pros: Great work life balance. Have met really nice people. Acquired a great deal of knowledge and experience. Excellent professional development courses offered. Lots of community involvement and giving back.

Cons: It's easy to get stuck in certain roles especially if you perform well and others don't have those skills.
Advice: Get to know your employees. Learn their talents, skills and career aspirations. Manage the organization's goals along with employeesx goals.
Pros: Great people, work day flexibility,  wonderful vacation days.  The company has recognized that career development is important and has initiated new programs to assist employees.

Cons: I haven't had a negative experience here. I hope that they can figure out a way to eliminate the two-tier system once the new contract is made.
Advice: I think that the management team does a great job. GM's quality is up and sales are stronger than ever.
Pros: I was able to work here while attending college. Thanks to a good wage and tuition assistance, I will graduate debt free.

Cons: My advice to anyone considering working at the Global Service Desk at General Motors in Austin, Texas is to apply for the position of manure cleaner at the zoo.  You'll be better treated there and more respected as a human than at the GM GSD-Austin Sweatshop.
Advice: All of the local management needs to be fired and reprimanded for inhumane treatment.
Pros: There are absolutely no pros to working in this place. They hold out the potential onboarding with the company as bait to keep people there longer, but in the end, they just fire the temp workers and bring in a new training class each time.

Cons: The working environment is poor and filled with dysfunction at every turn.  There has been a long history of launch failures and this continues.  GM does not want to change and the culture is really bad.  I would think long and hard about working at GM as they are stuck in the past and like it there..
Advice: Management knows of issues but does not want to fix them.  They are more concerned with launching versus launching a successful product.
Pros: Working here was the most upsetting experience.  I can not think of one thing that is a pro to advise to other job seekers.

Cons: Getting rid of work from home was a great idea /sarcasm.   They lost their hardest working employees.   They lied and said exceptions would be made, and then denied everyone who put in to be an exception...you had to report to the office or were considered a voluntary quit.  It seems that they usually put the idiots in charge.
Advice: Get with the times.  Don't blindly follow other companies (HP, Yahoo) with policies.   Don't treat your employees like they are a liability.
Pros: Flexible with your shift.  Great people to work with.  My immediate manager actually seemed to care about me.

Cons: Work hours can be long (often 10+).  Slow development.  There wasn't a clear path for advancement and individuals often had to push the issue as leadership did't seem eager to move/promote anyone.  Not uncommon for people to remain Group Leaders for their entire careers.
Advice: Institute a rotational program for manufacturing.
Pros: Competitive salary, decent raises for performers.  Generous vacation time, 20 days after 3 years plus many holidays.  Good discount on new vehicles.

Cons: - Seems as if the company is still trying to figure out how to run things at times
- BA's don't give good user stories or requirements, which end up being left to the dev/test team
Advice: None
Pros: - Seems as if there could be great potential for advancement
- Professional work environment
- Training is available for College new hires (not sure about experienced hires)

Cons: Everything here is slow. Nothing happens fast and decisions take weeks, sometimes months, to make. Politics weigh heavily at the director level and above and affect decision making.
Advice: Transparent communication with employees is a good thing. Wherever a communication vacuum exists people will fill it with what they perceive as true.
Pros: Flexible schedule, interact with many different people and departments. Working with smart, skilled people.

Cons: it was miserable, there was no room for growth, you are stuck in your role, hr knows and doesn't care, the only way is to quit to get out, thank goodness
Advice: allow employees to transfer, people with technical skills in pm roles and vice versa, not a good idea
Pros: work/life balance was very great, benefits were good, more time off then anywhere else

Cons: when they did site closure suspect they lost 65-70pct of the experienced engineers at Torrance, Ca. to competitors.  the small group was responsible for about 6-7 pct of general motors patents every year.  GM was probably about 300,000-350,000 employees.
Advice: None
Pros: worked in research & development so always interesting projects.  Freedom to develop interesting materials and processes.  small group approx 125 engineers so knew everyone.

Cons: Best practices are ignored to accomplish a personal agenda. There is no defined path for career progression.
Advice: Verify claims before action is taken.  Invest in a significant amount of change management. Implement a 360 feedback approach.
Pros: The IT arm is a new business with the foundation of a strong brand, benefits are great, most new employees are knowledgeable, financial compensation is great.

Cons: Long hours are required with no acknowledgment of personal sacrifice. Expectations are 24 / 7, nights and weekends without compensation, salary covers it... They use you then loose you
Advice: They don't take advice because they know all. The management usually runs around like a chicken with their heads cut off.
Pros: If your in good with the management, your gold. Productivity is not required, only the illusion is important.

Cons: General Motors is a large company.  As such, there can be those typical bureaucratic interactions.  With skill, employees can manage to get through these challenges.
Advice: Provide support, advice and encouragement to employees.  It is better to lead by skill than to manage by spreadsheet alone.
Pros: General Motors has a lot of different employment opportunities.  There are chances to change your career several times over.

Cons: Since the project needs more solid data from the first-hand experiments, the experiment plan and support from manager is less and poor. All they concerned is about how to copy and regenerate other competitor's works but ignore the initial mechanism and application background. Without reasonable data from experiment, the simulation and faithful model cannot be reproduced, other than any further optimizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice and clean environment of working place.

Cons: job assignments often do not align with building or selling cars
managers not in the same city and members of group spread across multiple cities
Advice: reign in IT and return focus to building cars, not ADBB.
Pros: Fun and impressive jobs. Latest tools and money is flowing for development efforts.
Nice offices to work in.
Good Benefits 401(k), health care, dental
Ambassador cars available to use for a week to encourage sales

Cons: High turnover, low morale, moving back to a 50's era, macho, hierarchical culture. Part-time work is frowned upon. Work-from-home is essentially not allowed. Lots of politics and in-fighting.  Groups and people pitted against each other.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work (depending on the legal staff group you're in), lots of hands-on involvement with business teams.

Cons: In spite of the the effort, many business  processes are still complex and bureaucratic,
Advice: None
Pros: Global organization  with huge technology and business capabilities.  There is a real top management commitment  to develop great products, provide a good working environment for  employees, act with transparency and contribute to the communities where they operate.

Cons: Due to a very "tall" organizational structure with many levels, and the sheer size of the company with its many divisions, the company has many silos -- both across and up/down.
Advice: Remove unnecessary layers of management and push more decision making to the front lines
Pros: The company offers employees lots of holidays and vacation days, in large part because unions have negotiated them for manufacturing side of the business

Cons: none as such, for what i went there, i got there.
Advice: None as such, as I learned many things over there related to my field.
Pros: Learning was quite good and being a MNC, the work culture was excellent. additionally I was into  core supply chain part, hence my learning was great. working with suppliers, material handling team and few JIT suppliers was what  learned and handled myself.

Cons: I feel that some of the benefits went away that we were used to getting, especially for those who did not work in the factory.
Advice: Try to help the office workers in regaining some of the important benefits that they have lost throughout the years.
Pros: General Motors is a wonderful company for benefits, salary, and over-all willingness to work with you fi there is an emergency in your private life.

Cons: Some antiquated systems and hierarchies still exist that can slow everything down.  Engineering change management system is absolutely abysmal and requires too much manual work to process a change.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous 401(k) match (100% to 4%, + extra 4%).  Very family friendly. work can be as hands on as you like.  Proactive toward making changes for the better.

Cons: Disorganized company even since they regrouped after 2008. Faulty ignitions not replaced in many of the Ambassador program vehicles as they continue to let employee's use them. IT is very inefficient and require too much red tape. Very silo-ed environment. Managers are a joke. Many come from Dell which should explain quite a bit. GM was sued by HP for exiting a large contract early and the penalty is to replace much of existing vendors equipment with HP equipment. Many unnecessary resource hours and efforts due to the suit. Poor way to run a business. Think of Office Space on an extremely large scale. Resource on-boarding is a joke, you are truly just a number. Coffee is not free but that is the least of your worries if you work for Government Motors. Nepotism is high, especially in upper management. I've heard kickbacks are common although I personally cannot confirm but with many of the strange business relationships you do have to wonder.

Austin has many many better suited companies. Don't work for GM and expect lots communication and acceptance to new ideas and no personal satisfaction at the end of the day. Many clicks in the environment which is very immature. The title GM Innovation Center is a true joke, zero innovation as they don't want your opinions rather just do the job their old school ways without being receptive to new ideas. They can leave their crappy Detroit business ethics back in Detroit, should not be in Austin. Don't be tricked by the bells and whistles there, stop and think about if you want to advance your career with a good ethical company or a sleazy one. They are also clock watchers. If you just want an ordinary 9-5 job, not a true career then GM is your place. Morale is very low with the newer employees. The honeymoon phase is very short at GM once you realize how they truly operate. I will never own another GM vehicle again; will not support this company in anyway.
Advice: Innovation? Really??
Pros: Mary Barra but too little too late

Cons: Low or average pay if you stay to long. Some managers micro manage.  You can get stuck at 7th level if you don't have executives pulling for you.
Advice: Read 15 Laws of Growth by John Maxwell and start developing your leaders.
Pros: Ability to newest drive cars. Decent benefits. Many jobs to move around laterally. No raises when you do move latterally.

Cons: It's not as laid back, flexible, or fun as I was led to believe.  Fees more like a typical grunt type of place really.
Advice: Improve the workplace
Pros: Benefits are good if you can manage to use them to your benefit.  Sometimes theres a lot of hoops to jump through but if you can do it, then you get a good deal.

Cons: Demanding work schedules with little room for flexibility if working an off shift.  Regular required overtime 7 days a week is the norm only can get about one weekend off a month.
Advice: Ease up on your existing employees working them to death does not make them feel appreciated.
Pros: Overtime pay for salary employees.  Opportunities to excel are everywhere.

Cons: Pay could be better along with an automotive leasing program for employees.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Best management team I have ever worked for.
Pros: Unlimited opportunities for growth. Upper management has an open door policy and are open to communicating changes within the department. Laid back but effective work environment and we do not have micro managers.

Cons: Silos still exist.  Basically need to have minority status to get promoted.  Amazing how many have been promoted to level of their own competence.
Advice: Start walking the talk.  Most are just trying to stay out of the way, so they don't get noticed.
Pros: Very challenging work.  Pay is pretty good.  Bonus is nice in good years.  Good people to work with.

Cons: Anitquated approach to HR - very much still focused on transactional HR
salaries are all over the board
Advice: Keep driving change. Lots of potential for this company. Put the right people in the right jobs to drive towards the future rather than keep those that wish to preserve the status quo and look in the rearview mirror.
Pros: Challenging Work
Great Peers
Sense of Community for a company this large
Opportunities for advancement

Cons: 2 Tier pay for hourly employees. Hourly job selection is primarily based upon seniority instead of job qualifications.
Advice: Advice to management would be get rid of the two tier pay wages. time off policies are good. more vacation time.
Pros: They give employee value, have cook outs, family days, union compensation, and level work load. General motors is an overall good company.

Cons: Stressful
Work life balance is tilted MUCH closer to WORK
Too Process Driven
Shaky Organizational Structure
Advice: Empower employees and have trust in their judgement.  Please be transparent in all things that you do.
Pros: Good Salary
Good Vacation Package
Updated Facilities
Young Workforce
Competitive
Strong Balance Sheet
Promotional Opportunities
Technological Leader

Cons: Way more work than people to do it.  LOTS of stressful days, deadlines and meetings.
Advice: Either delay or cut back on some programs if you can't or won't staff properly for the amount of work. People are burning out!
Pros: Pay is good, bonuses are better. I truly believe GM will succeed and prosper in the post bankruptcy era.

Cons: some middle-managers/shift supervisors are competent -- many are incompetent, and corrupted by the lack of consequences for being so; both the company and union knowingly treat workers unfairly (e.g., you'll see the union fight to prevent lazy, past-probationary-period, fully-vested member-workers from getting punished/fired, but they'll only offer lip service to the probationary ones -- even though newbies have to pay union dues, too); no work-life balance (e.g., forced o.t. and the factory being routinely shut down for weeks-to-months at a time -- all, with anywhere from weeks to only hours worth of advance notice); overpriced, low-value cafeteria; mandatory union membership for all non-administrative employees; very disjointed, drawn-out hiring/onboarding process; (GM-paid) "temporary workers" are treated as a disempowered underclass; factory floor supervisors (who are higher-paid, non-union GM employees) make frequent timekeeping/timeclock mistakes (predominantly to the workers' disadvantage) -- which often go unfixed, since the supervisors have the last word on fixing them, you're risking your job if you "go over their heads"; economic circumstances force many to work on their days off; supervisors often surprise-ask line workers to work back-to-back shifts -- late in their 1st shift; if you drive an non-U.S. brand vehicle to work, the union will force you to park the furthest from the factory; work station assignments are largely arbitrary and hinge on cronyism and 'politics' with supervisors and others; during bad weather, you'll still be expected to make it to work on-time -- or else (short of an F-5 tornado, they don't want to stop the assembly line for anything)
Advice: hard to say: seems like lots of the corruption and inequity is built into the system -- and that's on the corporation the union, both
Pros: weekly payday; some co-workers (including the old-timers) are really fun, good people; your new-hire probationary period could last months, years or just weeks, depending on the totally random nature of when you happened to get hired; many on-site union reps usually make an attempt to resolve instances of worker mistreatment; company gives you the tech to keep up with your weekly hours every shift, and remotely; you can gross in the $40Ks-50Ks/year or better, depending on time of year you work, how much o.t. there is, and how many years you've been with the company; thorough onboarding/training process; the company and union work together to really try to do a good orientation process

Cons: Relies heavily on contractors for construction and installations. Engineering management and support are the main focus of controls engineers as most programming is contracted.
Advice: Lower level managers should act more like leaders. Stand up for your group and make sure it's members have the tools necessary for timeline execution.
Pros: Vacations accumulate more quickly than industry average. Pay is above average. Steady workload.

Cons: HR not helpful to anyone but protecting the activities of the highest level person.  They are NOT there to protect employees overall.  Mgt perf reviews are a joke and done in 5 mins with little regard to your future and just a check box of your bosses completion.  Back stabbing runs rampant and political agendas are three times more important than the work.
Advice: Care about the people; Make management accountable for development. Make HR protected to make decisions against higher ranks if necessary.
Pros: Lots of resources in a big co.  Lots of bright people.

Cons: A lot of issues with managers trying to write you up for any mistake. No compassion, strictly business with them. Write ups left and right for the most minor things.
Advice: >Insert expletive here<
Pros: Pay starting out is pretty good in comparison with most other starting pay, but you will definitely earn every penny.

Cons: Still too much bureaucracy and politics. Inconsistent reward/recognition approach (or lack of it) across functions/geographies towards talent. Individual's success and contribution heavily depends on who you work for rather than what your strength/weaknesses truly are. Not a lot of structure around investing in/developing  people.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunities to make a difference in improving business for individuals who has strong drive for results and intellectual curiosity

Cons: once you go in the plant you will not see day light till next day
Advice: get out of the way
Pros: pays very well, you have good benefits, you know what to expect when you go to work, because every day is the same. There are a lot of good people that work at GM. You get a car discount

Cons: Six or Seven days working, bad mgmt, union dues taken with no representation, lack of information from union rep's, place individuals on horrible jobs with unrealistic expectations, poor working conditions(no air conditioning), peers doing damage to non American vehicles, the vehicles are assembled with foreign parts
Advice: Improve working conditions
Pros: Salary, Peers, Salary was okay, but you are never off to rest or have a normal life

Cons: Call center management is largely inexperienced in comparison to other companies with the daily ins and outs of how to effectively run a cost-efficient, balanced workload for a contact center.
Advice: Spend more time learning best practices from other contact centers in the area and you'll get where you're going.
Pros: Fantastic pay and benefits. Best I've seen for call center functions in this area.

Cons: Poor systems, tedious processes, and a lot of bureaucracy burns out employees and causes high turn over.
Advice: Focus on what really is important to GM and continue to identify and eliminate waste out of the system/processes.  Need leaders who strategically focus on GMs best interest, not their own.
Pros: Opportunity to work Globally, interface with multiple different business functions, and is a challenging job.

Cons: Some departments are not changing as fast as others to the vision set out by Mary.
Advice: Mary, you are doing a great job and continue implementing your vision.
Pros: Opportunities to excel. Management values your intellect and abilities and uses them properly. Mary is doing a great job changing the culture.

Cons: too many systems and silos.
Advice: Keep encouraging employees and bring out the best in them
Pros: Work/Life balance is great, vacation days (15 your first year, up to 20 after 3 years and cap at 30), challenging work environment but in a good way! There is a lot of training and understanding that new employees take time to ramp up

Cons: If you don't get the right manager, that manager will make you stay within the group for years on end because you're "crucial" to the group
Advice: One shouldn't get punished and not have future career opportunities due to being crucial to the group. If I'm that crucial, pay up.
Pros: If you get the right manager, you have plenty of opportunities

Cons: You will find yourself working all hours, managers focused on metrics rather than the customer experience.  The bill of goods sold is STRONG but becomes a house of cards
Advice: do not rate all employees on their current metrics, look towards improvement and better processes
Pros: Managers preach work life balance - the ability to build relationships with dealerships is strong!

Cons: Very difficult to attain a promotion (seems to be based more on how well liked you are than performance)
Advice: Annual review of employees who take on extra work should be rewarded
Pros: Work/life balance.  Training is available usually offsite.  Hours are flexible.  Workload distribution is fair in most cases

Cons: When at plant you work all the time. Very difficult to maintain life outside of work.
Advice: Just paying people large amounts doesn't always want people to stay with the company. People need to have a life outside of work.
Pros: Willing to compensate for time there. Good salary. Hear very good things about working for technical center.

Cons: Parking structure far from office, Training wasn't very effective-could be better, sometimes I have nothing to do--work load is not consistent, you have to pay for benefits, contract position
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime, Can fulfill job description, Largest automotive company in the world, Cases are interesting, environment I work in has a great atmosphere.

Cons: New hires are now on the tier 2 pay scale and get paid considerably less than people working right next to you.  Labor intense job that can be hard on the body.
Advice: None
Pros: There is lots of opportunity for overtime.  The benefits are pretty good.  The pay is good if you don't have a college degree.

Cons: Because there are so many layers of corporate oversight, and so many people working in so many positions, mid level employees often find themselves confused, at the mercy of middle management who also don't know what's going on.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has great benefits, pays well, has a ton of vacation, and has good bonuses.

Cons: As with the whole automotive industry, projects seem to move slowly and depend on other people getting back to you.
Advice: None
Pros: Very relaxed environment, but with a drive to get things done. Working as a co-op student, everybody is willing to help you. GM will invite you back if you are competent and willing to learn.

Cons: The down side of working for General Motors was the battles the UAW encountered while negotiating a contract for the Hourly employees.
Advice: Listen to your employees, they may have ideas that can grow your business or improve methods you are currently using.
Pros: Informative and life changing with regards to learning how large corporation work  versus the private sector.

Cons: Not everyone knows how to do everything. Have to go to one specific person for certain things to be done in the websites
Advice: Stay in tune with your employees
Pros: It's hospitable, friendly, helpful environment. Everyone is a go getter and is there to help you when needed. Fast past environment

Cons: Management can be hard to work with. Certain jobs do require a lot of hours when it comes closer to the launch of a product.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, good benefits, interesting work, flexible hours. Also comes with great benefits. This varies with what job you have of course. But overall it's a great place to work.

Cons: As with every big company burocracy and the lack of transparency around certain processes can become frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenges, complexity of the work, you get a lot of responsibilities. There is a lot of travel if you want to.

Cons: No cons at this time. I've been there for quite some time and haven't found any.
Advice: No advice available at this time. Haven't been there long long enough to be able to give advice.
Pros: Gm has a very generous engineering program. Willing to take a chance for those who prove worthy.

Cons: There is a lot of change occurring rapidly and ambiguity, which can make it challenging for someone not used to working in a large global IT shop.
Advice: Reign in the span of control.
Pros: Good company with new products that are changing the image of GM. Very good benefits.

Cons: Not enough upward mobility in the company.
Advice: Focus on career building for all employees is essential if you want people to not get frustrated.
Pros: The company tends to be very flexible. Which makes balancing your work and home easier. This removes a lot of the stress in building a career.

Cons: Work is not exciting and there are many people who doesn't work, which discourages us.
There will be competition from Asian company.
Advice: GM needs to be more goal oriented instead of process oriented.
Pros: We work by process. Work is not demanding and provide balance in work and personal life.
Benefit is good.

Cons: Company devaluing TO prominence, "analysis paralysis" mentality
Advice: Move program back to NY -- key attraction feature of program.  Prevent stagnation both in terms of rotation opportunities as well as career progression.  Keep program attractive for MBA's and do not dilute.  Compensation needs to be competitive!
Pros: Great finance rotation program, fast-track program, premier "MBA shop"

Cons: - Limitation to career development depending on your leader (boss)
- Old culture
Advice: More freedom in career development for whom they seek it, and the company should be more adaptive to change and young talent
Pros: - In top 10 for Fortune
- Known well established company
- Opportunity to have various job functions within the same company

Cons: Plant leadership is often directionless, look to shift the blame on issues rather than resolve and prevent them. Very cut throat among fellow management staff.
Advice: Modernize your tactics, strive to be leaders no managers.
Pros: Outstanding pay, given the fact you are supervising Auto Workers who make an above average amount for manufacturing your pay adjusts accordingly.

Cons: Rotational program seems to be a bit long if you really like your current position and training, but you have to switch and travel between different sites.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, with good health and dental plans. Very good environment that you can make connections and find people specialized in any subject.

Cons: They tell you to make decisions on your own but when you do, they discipline you.  i witnessed many unhappy employees. Lordstown could be a great place to work but management prevents that possibility.
Advice: GM corporate needs to evaluate Lordstown to see why everyone hates working there. Unable to retain good talent. GM Corporate needs to overhaul personnel dept.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. I can't think of any pros pertaining to Lordstown. I have worked at other plants and had a very positive experiences.

Cons: Corporate lifestyle, lots of standards and guidelines. Older employees that do not take well to change or competition
Advice: Been lucky to have a good manager that knows a lot about the products and system we used. Lots of meetings and questions
Pros: Very well rounded work. Decent training at your disposal. Good work doesnt go unnoticed.

Cons: -not enough training
- everyone starts work at like 6-7am. way earlier than i expected
Advice: Spend more time on training, instead of assuming we know manufacturing specific software and technology
Pros: -great co workers
-awesome perks
-you were always done with work by 3, almost no on is in the office by 5

Cons: Competitive with a complex corporate structure and a mixed history to overcome
Advice: Restore the brand and therefore the company, create a forward thinking corporate culture to attract top talent, be a company that is known for staying true to their convictions
Pros: Worklife balance, fair compensation, company car, and lots of opportunities

Cons: GM hasn't changed in years. Very stagnant company. Not willing to introduce new ideas or even hear new ideas. I suppose it's the way of the car business
Advice: Management should just be overhauled. Or retrained. A lot of old people with old ways of thinking and then they wonder why they won't get any new results.
Pros: GM is a well known brand and a company that's been around for years and will continue to be around. On a dealer level that's what brings the customers in.

Cons: Time management when dealing with other departments on proposals and cost analysis
Advice: n/a
Pros: Utilized my skill  set best possible way. Develop the means for subjective evaluation of vehicle systems or components under test. Analyse data to ensure correct conclusion are reached.  Develop major hardware/software proposals to carry out test activities.

Cons: Location (Unless you like arctic winters). Bureaucracy at times. Too much wasted time in meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance. Opportunities to develop skills. Vehicle use perks (for vehicle development jobs). Flexible hours. Employer sponsored events. Healthcare incentives. Graduate Education incentives. Employee satisfaction programs.

Cons: New leadership centered in Austin TX and are part of good ole boy club from previous companies where they worked together.  Better hire in at that location if you want to move places.
Advice: You are wasting talent in the other locations.
Pros: Expanding, focused on innovation and moving GM forward

Cons: They have too much work to do in very short amount of time. Definitely  no work life balance!!! You are not even allowed to work from home!! They have been firing lots of people.
Advice: Change the workplace to make work life balanced!!!
Pros: You get to drive GM car for one week but 99% you will not get car available to you.

Cons: You're screwed if you seek to advance in the company and your leader isn't behind you. They'll black ball you.
Advice: Consult with new college hires to find out their interests. Don't just stick them somewhere and hope it's a match.
Pros: Great benefits, great entry level salary, clean office, great perks

Cons: - If you're a college hire, you're stuck in your role for 3 years. You can't get promoted or change teams. 
- No room for career development.
Advice: None
Pros: - Young professional and new college hire atmosphere.
- Good Pay.
- Good company to start or finish your career life.

Cons: You can't work from home and your manager sits next to you.  Every morning you get a mountain of work and your manager comes around every 10 minutes and askes why isn't it finished yet.  Sometimes they yell at you to work faster.  It's insane and demeaning workplace.
Advice: Manage workload instead of focusing exclusively on work output.
Pros: Austin is an awesome place to live and work.  The "weird" aspect is kinda overrated but it's still pretty cool.

Cons: Company is so large that moving up is a battle. Few % of employees make level 8 in their lifetime.
Advice: Keep product in mind above all else, including process. Don't mocromanage.
Pros: Very good Company for working for.  Work you hard but have family values at heart and are accommodating.

Cons: Because of the complexity and global operations, the IT is quite ineffective. There are very few people who know the stuff and they end up working and covering for the rest
Advice: Simplify your operations and hold people accountable
Pros: One can learn a lot at GM as it has complex and global operations

Cons: Like most companies these days they deed to pay attention to what their employees are trying to bring to the table.
Advice: Pay attention to everyone.
Pros: The company and the people.

Cons: Work life balance is not great. Legacy culture is counterproductive. Middle management is very shortsighted.
Advice: Be careful who you promote. People leave managers not companies.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. There are a lot of smart people at the company which helps challenge and stretch you.

Cons: there is no Cons as such. Small things are understandable as they are there everywhere.
Advice: going great keep it up. Design build and sell worlds best cars !
Pros: General Motors is a very good employer. Excellent team environment and scope for advancing your career if you are really qualified.

Cons: Limited in changing positions or areas of IT
Limited availability to move up in the iT organization
No defined processes for development teams
Tight development timelines, forcing testing to work lots of overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Most everyone in IT is new to the company
Great teleconferencing technology

Cons: Very political with committees for every decision. If you want to advance in your career, you must constantly be willing to continually relocate. Not beneficial for a family.
Advice: Be quick to react. Shorten communications.
Pros: Opportunities to grow if your willing to constantly relocate.

Cons: Big company. There is a lot of bureaucracy to get things done sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible benefits. You get to drive the coolest vehicles through the Ambassador Program. Work-life balance. The quality of the people at GM is incredible. Bright future ahead

Cons: GM is a big company and politics exist. Long days, lots of hours tends to be the norm. Retirement plans for younger employees.
Advice: Encourage more work life balance.
Pros: Lots of opportunity to learn and grow in your career. Great people to work with. Work life balance.

Cons: Lots of processes that don't talk to each other.  No one tells you how they interact and you are left to fend for yourself to figure out how all of the systems intertwine.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to do something different (different areas of the vehicle)

Cons: Some people offered software dev positions were put on QA testing teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Got put on a good team. Motivated and smart.

Cons: Very poor pay for designers but this is typical for the Automotive Industry
Advice: Less territory protection be more open
Pros: Stable work environment but slow paced with little opportunity for strong input into the final product. Managers tend to spend more time defending their jobs than working with employees.

Cons: Bureaucratic in nature, slow to change and adapt to new ideas, still to top heavy with managers
Advice: Need to do a better job selecting leaders. Lack of good leadership is hurting our organization
Pros: Good pay, offer a wide array of jobs in many locations, opportunities for advancement.

Cons: I had the opportunity to work in different departments, all of them were good environment except two departments that were managed very poorly for individuals that due to their ties remain in posts.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good company to work, depending on who is managing the department.

Cons: Work 6 and 7 days a week constantly. Not much time for social life when you throw school into the mix. No benefits for temps.
Advice: None
Pros: Good starting wage. Good benefits once you turn permanent. And they say the union is there to back you up.

Cons: Not a lot of ability to move around within the company. People stay in their jobs for years.
Advice: Management should should develop a formal review process to gage their employees interests.
Pros: Great people to work with and great work life balance and perks.

Cons: Engineers go thru multiple managers in their career.  You need to prove yourself for every manager and is very difficult to do so.
Advice: Need a collective database for each engineer so new manager know what to expect.
Pros: Excellent learning opportunities for engineering disciplines.

Cons: -same ol' GM
-union environment impedes changes
-process improvement is slow (snail place)
Advice: -work life balance is bad.
-quit being so worried about upsetting the union.
Pros: -good pay
-good benefits
-not a lot of work

Cons: Still a lot of old thinking in GM IT but hopefully it is getting better
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of things are still happening and things are changing but I really think the IT world for GM is really looking up and going to be great

Cons: Innovation centers have the feel of a start-up, but you often run into the fact that you are working for a hundred year old car company out of Detroit.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation centers are a wonderful concept.

Cons: Work scope could be very narrow if you only stay in one role
Many layers of levels and reporting
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities within the organization
Friendly working environment
Good learning curve for juniors
Quality of work is high

Cons: A tremendous amount of political hoops and slow corporate culture change. Several layers of managers.
Advice: Take employee feedback through surveys to heart and make real changes
Pros: Great CEO and leadership in place. A lot of opportunity at various levels and beyond great salary.

Cons: Process heavy.  Decision authority not necessarily delegated to ensure speed.  Silo driven
Advice: Put more trust and decision making power in lower level management.
Pros: Great people to work with.  Exciting technology platforms - current and future.

Cons: Sometimes work hours are skewed for deadlines (not often)
Pay raises aren't great. Come in with a good salary.
Advice: Pay lower employees more. give us cars too!
Pros: Brand new technology
Great culture. Lots of young people, so keeps the office lively

Cons: Takes a while to get permanent
Advice: If you have good employees who work hard and want to be direct. You should not wait too long because you might just lose good people
Pros: Interesting Job, nice people, flex time depending on the manager

Cons: People can be stretched pretty thin with a wide range of responsibilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great 401k matching and vacation benefits. It shouldn't be hard finding a position and career path that you enjoy doing. The work environment is pretty friendly and is open to suggestions.

Cons: work is soul sucking, culture is terrible, managers are pretty brutal, zero career growth,  but hey it's better than being a broke student
Advice: listen to us!!
Pros: Decent compensation and benefits although not top notch, better than most.

Cons: Pay can be a little better. Other than that its OK.
Advice: Didn't really have a problem with management.
Pros: Great benefits and I love the break system. They give you a hr lunch and also 30 mins to take how u like.

Cons: Be aware of the different social groups that keep to themselves. Other than that it's a great company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: If you work hard this is a lot of room for growth. Constantly look on the job board for new positions.

Cons: Required to do A LOT more than initially hired to do. Business is kind of a mess.
Advice: Control your employees a little better. They pretty much run the show.
Pros: Pretty laid back environment. Decent pay for no prior experience.

Cons: Can have too many politics. Technology adoption is slow but can be surprisingly  fast when an exception is made.
Advice: Go for innovation, do not try to blindly follow buzzwords like IoT.....
Pros: Much more aggressive after bankruptcy. Often fast paced and exciting

Cons: Relocation, long hours...a lot of times GM isn't perfectly clear what they want you to do
Advice: Have dm's apply for various regions instead of relocating them
Pros: Flexible, time off...large array of experience in marketing , consulting, finance

Cons: Still very vertical org chart, sluggish culture, group think problems
Advice: Flat org structures, how to empower groups to be entrepreneurial within the broader company
Pros: Smart people, GM takes care of its employees really well with great benefits and such

Cons: Revolving door management that has improved somewhat since advent of new CEO. Lots of internal politics and positioning among leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall a good learning experience. Good travel opportunities. Lots of variety in jobs. Most team members possessed strong desire to succeed.

Cons: There is a lot of dishonesty and backstabbing that goes on here.
Advice: Work on promoting honesty.
Pros: I work at the General Motors IT Innovation Center in Austin. Pros are that it is a big company with a stable position.

Cons: Too much favoritism. Upper management does not want to know the truth about anything. If you are a yes man you won't cut it. Company will file bankruptcy again soon because incompetent people are being employed. Friends, drinking buddies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary is probably all that I can say about this company. If you want to make good money and not be promoted then this is the place for you.

Cons: Limited opportunity to advance
Its about who you know, not what you know
Many layers of middle management
Advice: Improvement efforts often meet resistance from entrenched middle management and old GM culture.
Pros: Good work-life balance
Competitive payment and benefits
Friendly peers
Professional culture

Cons: Company cares more about its image and deadlines than its people.
Advice: If you don't care about your employees, they have no reason to care about you.
Pros: Big established company.  Secure job.

Cons: Still fairly bureaucratic, still too many old school people and leaders not willing to change.
Advice: Allow individual creativity to shine through more often
Pros: Great people, great products, lots of opportunities if you're resourceful, deliver results, and network.

Cons: Cons include always being on call from 6 am to 10 pm every day including weekends. Work life balance is poor
Advice: None
Pros: Being a validation engineer gives you a lot of experience with engines and engine components

Cons: Limited technical career path
Health insurance has high deductible
Imputed income tax charged for over night drive-home vehicle usage
Advice: None
Pros: You work on cars & trucks
Pay pretty good
401k contribution & matching

Cons: Very corporate feel. It takes a long time for changes to be implemented and different voices to be heard.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Hours, Great Networking, Job Advancement, Great Benefits, Work from Home, Great boss, Unlimited access to dealer networks.

Cons: once you are in, salaries would almost freeze
Advice: if you dont want existing people to leave, you cant give more salaries to new hires for the same position! :)
Pros: vacation, health benefits, 8% 401k match

Cons: If in assembly plants there is no work life balance. Weekend work called an hour before quitting time on Friday.  No retirement benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and ability to transfer with promotions. Good tuition reimbursments.

Cons: Need to reduce cost, improve efficiency, simplify company structure, make transformation to hi tech company
Advice: Reduce cost, improve efficiency, simplify company structure
Pros: Working content, policy, environment, are all good. Developing a new car makes engineer feel proud

Cons: Less Travel and staggered organizational structure
Advice: Provide transparency to employees in the management decisions
Pros: Good Place to work. New challenging projects in Technical Center. Emphasis on Individual Capability Development. Good benefits in health care and employee discount

Cons: As with large companies, you have to watch out for yourself or you could get lost in the mix.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, and opportunity to grow in different areas of Engineering and Business.

Cons: poor management, intelligent managers but no people skills, sometimes no knowledge of the area they are managing.
Advice: Employees are people too
Pros: Good learning experience, variety of assignments, good benefits

Cons: Hiring too many people too fast. It's very chaotic there and apps are getting thrown together without much proper design.
Advice: None
Pros: Some groups can push the tech/feature envelope. You're encouraged to push yourself past your limits.

Cons: Bad management and a culture of favoritism not based on team or individual talent engagement. Expect if u a the boss friend
Advice: Pay attention to GM IT innovation center in Austin Texas where it is filled with Dell politics and arm twisting of new hires.unfair reporting and dnt adhere to GM policies .
Pros: Benefits, employee discount for Chevy cars if u like GM cars
