Cons: -Lied about what I would be doing in the internship
Advice: None
Pros: -Good program, lots to do at the tech center

Cons: New culture of treating employees badly by applying a quota for specific amount of people to give negative reviews as a way to fire people or make them quit, thereby reducing headcount to pay salaries in the new silicon valley tech office. It is the most public secret in the company.
It is the new sly way to lay people off without causing negative press.
Advice: Eventually management will be subject to the false performance reviews as they will be the last to go.  Advice is when that happens, turn off the lights on your way out.
Pros: Good salary. Chance of working on something interesting. Great place to work (if you are in silicone valley CA office).

Cons: - Low pay
- Internal politics gets in way of productivity
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible work environment
- Supportive management

Cons: no balance, false promises, no morals, no order or professionalism, no respect between employees
Advice: None
Pros: Money, benefits, overtime when there is any

Cons: Uncertainty from upper management, strict in-office attendance
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB, nice people, good benefits

Cons: Stressful environment since company is constantly downsizing and outsourcing jobs so there is no teamwork and it is a poor environment when everyone is competing to hold onto their job.
Advice: Review work product of GM direct workers and outsources workers to make best decision for the business.
Pros: Excellent benefits and vacation time.

Cons: Trying to use traditional GM processes in defense industry proven to be problematic. No formalized processes, constant changes of leadership, minimal stability, startup like environment, and constant fires
Advice: Hire more people - workload not manageable
Pros: All the same benefits as normal GM
Competitive pay

Cons: Senior leadership has been passing down edicts without data to back up the decisions 
We have been through 4 reorgs in the past year
We were forced to return to office while the leadership continued to be filled with fully remote positions
No clear company direction
We were told that we needed to save 2 billion dollars by reducing the workforce and cutting other costs. They said they couldn't afford the Union's demands. Then, as soon as the deal with the union was signed, they announced a $10 billion stock buyback. 
It has become clear that corporate values and company policies only apply to the workforce.
I personally do not like living in southeast Michigan. It's expensive, it's far from any outdoor activities. 

If I have to work for a company that won't include the workforce in decisions and will generally mistreat their workforce, I would at least like to live in a place I enjoy.

Most internal positions that we can apply for are only open to lateral moves, becoming very hard to get any sort of promotion.
Recent raises have not kept up with inflation at all
Advice: Back up your decisions with data. Don't lie to us. If it is just a command, then say that, don't lie and redirect.
Pros: I like my direct managers and coworkers
The pay and benefits are good

Cons: Although I worked on some interesting projects during my time there, the development timelines were so long that I didn't feel like I got a chance to see any of my design changes implemented into the vehicles. Outside of that, the Michigan cold is definitely a con if you're not from Michigan. Otherwise no real cons.
Advice: None
Pros: I was hired into the TRACK rotational program and my first job was in the CAE group. The leadership was supportive and helped me figure out my career objectives. They also allowed me to work on challenging and high-exposure projects.

Cons: Slow in promotion over all
Advice: None
Pros: Stable working at General Motors

Cons: Mediocre Product
Nearsighted strategic vision
Out sourced leadership
Depends on government intervention (money and legislation)
Advice: Shamelessly copy Toyota... but don't pollute their culture.
Pros: Good people (peers). Good environment.

Cons: Lots of hours and dedication required (doctor’s hours), but with leadership betting on high-risk ventures instead of focusing on their existing successes and making them better, it feels like the company is always on the brink and everything you have done is for not.
Advice: Focus on customer requirements and desires and stop pushing them to something they do not want or are not ready for.
Pros: Pay is great, benefits such as insurance are awesome!

Cons: Awful work life balance. Incompetent leadership that keeps cycling in and out, which leads to high turnover of valuable resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, and lots of opportunities to move around within the company.

Cons: Constant change in direction and flip flopping from senior leaders. Push to reduce costs while also buying back billions in stock. And now GM has instituted stack ranking for performance reviews. This will lead to people working against each other instead of together. Raises do not come close to matching inflation.
Advice: Get rid of stack ranking.  Stop buying back stock while also saying we have no money.  Give raises that match inflation.
Pros: Good pay and vacation policy.

Cons: Training and Development: While there are training programs available, some employees feel they are not sufficient or relevant to their career progression.

Work-Life Balance: Although there are flexible work arrangements, some employees still struggle with maintaining a healthy work-life balance.

Resource Allocation: There can be issues with the allocation of resources, with some departments feeling underfunded or understaffed.

Cultural Consistency: The company’s culture can vary significantly between departments and locations, leading to inconsistencies in the employee experience.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motros offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits packages

Cons: It can be very busy at times and sometimes has a lot of paperwork
Advice: None
Pros: Fun job, great vacation and holidays, team was very supportive.

Cons: - Not too much direction from the Senior Leadership Team.
- GEBS organization managers do not talk highly of their bosses in team meetings.
- As a TRACK Engineer if you are placed in an area where the manager does not like you, most likely will be terminated.
- Management will NOT tell you the truth.
- Have to fight for your growth and realize no one is your friend at the company.
- Always keep a written record of reviews and 1 on 1's and save your copies as HR will never send you copies.
Advice: Not like they will listen to me anyway. Overall some managers truly care for their teams and want the team to succeed. Other managers will tell you how good you are doing and will give pretty vague advice. The people in a team directly relate to how the team and work environment is rather than how "smart" the team might be. Give your TRACK Engineers a chance to grow and positive advice instead of terminating them for "not having a sense of urgency" or lying to them about being excited to see their positive improvements in the future.
Pros: - The TRACK program allows you to rotate into different areas and learn about the company and different groups and their cultures.
- The TRACK group itself is outstanding and creates events and scenarios to settle into a new place and company as large as GM.
- The people make the team, not the area or your work. Certain team members will take the time to teach you and help you in a new role, but most will ignore you.
- Certain managers and Lead Engineers care for growth from a New College Hire and want them to succeed.

Cons: -was on a team where we were changing project every two weeks for a period of 6 months to a year. That meant we learned a lot but were masters of nothing. 
- whole building was laid off after being told there were no more layoffs. So current upper management is not very trustworthy.
- not flexible about remote work
Advice: None
Pros: -got hands on experience on a lot of different technology (Java/springboot angular react etc)
-great people all willing to help 
-if you’re interested in a different career choice they are willing to work with you to find you a spot on a different team that matches your interests
-great benefits and decent bonuses 
-work life balance was excellent 
*this is from the college entry level perspective

Cons: Pay isn't up to level it should be. Depending on team your in your growth and promotions are decided not based on your work. Your work load greatly varies depending on your team. Leadership chases newest coolest trends instead of working on core product and bettering that. California Leadership treats rest of the company as less than them.
Advice: GM should stop chasing and getting apple laid of people they release code to prod once in year.  It doesn't really compare.  You can create bad company at anytime. Just remember the reason people come to GM for reason leverage those instead of swimming with same way.  Long term it will help GM.
Pros: work on devices that people take there families in instead of hold them in there hands. Tech is cool and interesting.

Cons: Bad senior leadership, poor decisions, constant churn of decisions wasting resources
Advice: None
Pros: Good co-workers, fair benefits, great vacation and holidays

Cons: Complex and intense work with little releveling. Burnout is real.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting products and offerings. Quality and safety focus. Good tech &amp; systems for people to help themselves. Profit-sharing can be nice.

Cons: Unorganized, forced to wear many hats, lack of resources to spread amongst teams
Advice: Have scrum leads to help organize ADO so developers can focus on development
Pros: May get to work on interesting automotive technology. Also big on AI

Cons: Long work hours and work weeks
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is very competitive with in the industry

Cons: Very long hours working 6 days a week.
Advice: Get rid of 3rd shift and 6 days
Pros: Really good money if you want it.

Cons: some managament is super toxic. swore at me alot.
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus, good insurance, easy job

Cons: Large company leads to bureaucratic road blocks
Advice: None
Pros: Great team of intelligent people

Cons: Job Progression is slower than at a smaller firm.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job and employs great people to work with.

Cons: Bit unclear how to get promoted/move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great team
Opportunity to learn on the job
Able to put projects into production

Cons: -Pay is not great
-SLT(leadership) will dismiss employee concerns
-Work across multiple teams will feel extremely disorganized
-Not Remote
Advice: Pay your engineers more please
Pros: -Work life balance is good if you establish boundaries
-People working there are pretty cool

Cons: Work load had ups and downs.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work environment made for a good balance

Cons: Just do what youre supposed to do and there is no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment to work in.

Cons: Career growth and salary expectation
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and extra hour

Cons: Not a good way to become an elite developer.
Advice: None
Pros: Good way to start a career with low pressure.

Cons: The return to work situation isn't being handled the best,
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and flexible working hours

Cons: Return to office mandate is 3 days/week but not consistent across organizations. Depends on your leadership 
Underpaid for the market
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts on GM brand cars

Cons: Still some “old school” leaders lurking that are holding up progress. 
Arden Hoffman is the worst thing to happen to GM since the bankruptcy and ignition recall. Idk what mtb was thinking choosing her to lead HR. The culture that was built over time was destroyed when Arden came in and replaced with toxicity. 
Unclear what the mission is - so convoluted now, with not enough focus on what the company actually does… build cars and trucks.
Negotiating salary internally is impossible. New hires earning more than me in the same role and I had been there 15 years.
Advice: Quit massive hiring sprees followed by deep cuts. Get rid of Arden before she causes GM to have a massive scandal like she caused at cruise because of a culture of fear. Pick a clear vision. Take a lesson from GE and quit trying to be something you’re not. Embrace the fact you’re a manufacturing company… not a tech company.
Pros: Learning opportunities, being part of something large, the relationships with colleagues.

Cons: Not much creativity 
Boring 
very hard to move teams 
not much growth for some people
Advice: More room to grow and we should be able to move teams especially when your skills don't align after a reorg
Pros: work life balance 
set amount of tasks 
standard IT company

Cons: Workload is overwhelmed since many have left and teams are small
Advice: Hire more people
Pros: Vacation days are 20 after 2 years

Cons: Disruptive and ineffective leaderships
Poor communication 
SLOW product cycles
Inadequate medical insurance
Advice: Don’t use new leadership hires and reorganizations blind you and your employees from what’s important! Create tangible plans before initiating big changes and follow through. Change the HIPPO culture!
Pros: Work life balance
Holidays
Low toxicity culture

Cons: Chaos management or leadership brought by SLT since end of 2022,
And the forced back to office policy caused center or site couldn't provide enough cubes to fit everyone which means you have to share cubes or use hotel cubes when you back to office. While the policy required 3 days back and 2 days remote still seems working fine but if 5 days back office I can guarantee not a center will have enough workplace for everyone to sit down.
Advice: Direct report basically what I experienced are super nice people, even upper to some senior manager and director level.
But things changed when leadership level up to SLT, GM colleagues knows well recent times.
Pros: Good work life balance
At average or bit higher salary at local area, fair though not very high compare to Bay area, WA, etc;
Besides, direct report basically have good support and co-workers are super friendly and willing to help and listen.
Also provided many resources for self-learning and training programs as well.

Cons: Work load had ups and downs.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work environment made for a good balance

Cons: Lots of politics and nepotism. A boys club. Fake interviews for "fairness" when they already have the person.
Advice: The interview quota is not fair of ethical if the hiring manager had decided on a candidate. It's okay to hire within that way but don't act like it's open to all and waste people's time and emotions.
Pros: Competitive, good bonus, good benefits

Cons: My latter 2 years on the other hand were terrible. Upper management was constantly pressuring our managers to make us work faster all while threatening layoffs and lying about the state of the company. The latter half of my service at GM I did not feel valued at all as an employee and if the same culture persists I would never recommend anyone work there.
Advice: Be more transparent and stop lying about whether layoffs are happening. Value the human beings who are working so hard for your benefit.
Pros: My first year at GM was pretty chill and I was working on interesting projects and was given a lot of room to learn.

Cons: Constant fear of next layoff or downsizing. 
Raises have not paced inflation or state of economy.
Little opportunity for advancement without high level support. 
Company prefers DEI initiatives over skills, experience, and abilities,
Advice: Many jobs should be remote.
Raises should account for inflation. 
Leaders should be evaluated by employees.
Pros: High profile / industry recognized company.

Cons: Career progression is slow. Will have to wait for long time
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for learning new technologies

Cons: Cooperate mind set at all levels
Advice: None
Pros: Money is great at times

Cons: No major cons at GM
Advice: None
Pros: I joined working at GM

Cons: Slow growth unless you switch roles
Advice: None
Pros: 3 day RTO and 2 days wfh

Cons: Management changing constantly with no clear goals
Advice: None
Pros: Being allowed to contribute and showcase your skills

Cons: Only 2-3% raise a year
Have to switch jobs internally to get a 8-12% raise 
Favoritism is real 
Senior leadership doesn’t care about anyone but themselves
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary starting out and good bonus

Cons: Not a very good place to move up and make more money
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn new things as a new graduate

Cons: No work/life balance. The culture here is horrible. They come up with a new way to lay ppl off every 6 weeks. Everyday at work is like clocking in at the Hunger Games. Avoid this place if possible. Find an employer that actually values you as an employee.
Advice: Why bother? They don't care.
Pros: In this current job market, it's better than being unemployed.

Cons: “Return to work” policy with no exceptions eliminates or extremely limits opportunities for staying with the company or career growth there if you aren’t near a major office. Attempts at diversity feel performative because they aren’t backed up in practice.
Advice: Actually listen to and follow feedback
Pros: Solid pay and benefits. Good opportunities for growth if you want that but also plenty of roles you can stay in longer term. Good work life balance in most roles.

Cons: I would not go to General Motors if not out of school. It's a place where people quickly get put into groups (high potential (HIPOT) or not) and if you get placed in the not high potential group; you get written off. I saw it so much. On the flip side, if you get placed in HIPOT, you can get away with being mediocre. 

Management also did not seem authentic. They can switch things up on employees at any time. You were also expected to fall in line and be agreeable. Ruffling feathers was frowned which is not always a good thing. This is where the "GM Nod" concept came from; where people will agree with you to your face and either resist behind your back or resent you.
Advice: None
Pros: I would say it is hard to get fired. GM would rather humiliate you by downleveling you or effectively, writing you off; than separate. Work life balance was decent in most groups. Perhaps, the story is different in manufacturing. WLB is definitely hit or miss.

Cons: Deadlines are always hard to meet
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: Stressful environment a lot of blame game leadership has no emotional intelligence and not all but a lot of your staff can be difficult to work with depending on the shift and culture at that Plant.
Advice: Stop working your people to death… fix the management vs union mentality. Speak to people better! Include a vehicle in the salary package (like you do for level 8 shift leaders) for group leaders after 18months of service.
Pros: Great pay! You learn a lot and really get to utilize your problem-solving skills if that’s something you enjoy.

Cons: Not enough benefits compared to software industry
Advice: None
Pros: a great place to work

Cons: no cons i can say about
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: I don't feel elevated by the talent there. There are some very talented people, but it feels like most of the people are there because they couldn't find any other jobs, and it shows. Additionally, there aren't many growth opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great work life balance.

Cons: So far everything is good
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, Great work-life balance, Hybrid.

Cons: Too much paperwork and not enough common sense. 

As a supervisor you essentially have two bosses; Management and the UAW.
Advice: Reduce the amount of bureaucracy
Pros: Salary and benefits are good

Cons: Hires talent for one role and then places them into a completely different one.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good pay, lots of PTO

Cons: constant stream of layoffs, leadership is dishonest about company direction
Advice: None
Pros: pay is decent, work/life balance is not bad

Cons: Hyrbid and they want to return to office three days
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: pay is not so competitive
Advice: None
Pros: nice team atmosphere and good work life balance

Cons: Too much work to do
Advice: 5 days a week
Pros: Good pay and compensation good

Cons: None i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership and great opportunity for advancement

Cons: Senior management, churn, DEI nausea,
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and a lot of opportunity

Cons: Can be very difficult starting here with no experience as your fate relies solely upon the luck of which team you get placed and how familiar they are with people new in the field
Advice: Learn how to treat people that have no experience in their field. Also for senior management, more transparency would reduce work anxiety by a lot.
Pros: Perfect place to work for experienced people within their field, generally very relaxed environment where you set the precedent for how hard your work will be.

Cons: Being such a large company, it takes significant time to impact change. At times it can feel like you’re not making a difference and just checking boxes. Self-motivation can be challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: The work life balance is prioritized in many of the marketing functions. Also, being a larger company, there’s tons of resources during strategy development. You never have to feel like it’s all on you.

Cons: GM's senior leadership team (SLT) has gone back on their word several times over the past year.

A year and a half ago they said "work appropriately" (which allowed employees and their direct managers to choose when work at home or in office was needed) was here to stay. However, just a few months later, they started requiring us to be in office three days a week. Now, starting January, they are also mandating which of those three days we have to be in office. To make it worse, my whole team is in a different location, so I now have to come in office just to be on Teams calls all day...

Also, there have been multiple times this year the SLT said there would be no layoffs and then proceeded to do layoffs a month or two later. One of these layoffs included closing an entire IT center in Arizona with +900 people.

Through this all, SLT has not acted on feedback from employees or addressed our concerns. Work things the way they are, I would strongly recommend looking somewhere else for a job.
Advice: Listen to employee feedback and let us be where we actually do our best work.
Pros: It really depends on the direct managers you get. If you have good managers then work life balance can be really good and they advocate for you when it comes time for promotions at the end of the year.

The 401k match is also really good and health insurance doesn't cost to much.

Cons: Stressful and unsure work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and time off

Cons: It felt like a giant high school where is a divide between the “haves” and the “have nots.” Good luck changing that if you are middle management and not a lifer or a director+
Advice: None
Pros: Some great people, opportunity and proactive systems and processes

Cons: Management is generally clueless at running business
Advice: None
Pros: Don’t have to be technically competent

Cons: Roles can be extremely siloed. Becoming an SME in your own area of the business often tunnels the utility you can provide and removes the potential for new skills to be developed. Your skills become less and less transferable if you don't prioritize your own professional development on the business side of the company.
Advice: Reversing the commitments made in recent years such as keeping annual salary raises consistent with inflation and allowing for permanent work from home solutions has created a sense of distrust with senior leadership.
Pros: GM's benefits package, salary commitments, and level of responsibility granted to new employees is unmatched. Especially for students with undecided futures and general business degrees, I wouldn't have had the opportunity to take on managing my own sector of the business in many other companies.

Cons: None at the moment that I know of
Advice: None
Pros: Hard working determined driven individuals 


Cons: Getting promoted is a really hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good company overall with good work life balance

Cons: Pay increases didn’t keep up with economy. New hires were starting with more than experienced folks. Closed down the AZ site, laying off a lot of people.
Advice: Know your loyal employees worth. Help them grow (including salary). Don’t be a “yes man”  just to make yourself look good.
Pros: Benefits. PTO. Paid holidays. Work environment was chill. Colleagues were great.

Cons: Slow Pace,
Software side not very well managed yet
Advice: None
Pros: Better work life balance,
Growth opportunities,
Supportive Management

Cons: Promotions for most require patience and a big project success.
Advice: Pay attention to communication from direct reports as much as that from your leadership.
Pros: Stable employer through the good times and bad. The company respects employees, highly values safety, and works hard to be a desirable workplace.

Cons: Promotions for most require patience and a big project success.
Advice: Pay attention to communication from direct reports as much as that from your leadership.
Pros: Stable employer through the good times and bad. The company respects employees, highly values safety, and works hard to be a desirable workplace.

Cons: Bad hours, rude customers, not enough assistance form management
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home good pay

Cons: Complex corporate culture with a lot of bureaucratic hurdles.
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience with managers and good benefits.

Cons: Local union sucks
Management doesn’t care
Hard physical work
Advice: None
Pros: Union benefits are great. Once out of temp status pay is good

Cons: GM is a more old school company with old school values. They do not hold up to the infrastructure, code quality, or amenities that many software engineers have come to expect. They want to rebrand themselves as a tech company but are a bit lost in how to make that happen.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay (for the area), little to no overtime required (depending on your role), getting to work in a field that is actually newly emerging with lots of potential (EVs), plenty of different areas to work in.

Cons: Their lack of everything is what caused me to leave.
Advice: None
Pros: Their insurance is what kept me there.

Cons: Practical top level competitive decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment to work

Cons: I do not have any Cons.
Advice: I do not have any advice here.
Pros: I really enjoy working at General Motors! The people are great and the work environment and the opportunities are good as well!

Cons: 1) Poor management: forcing RTO while parking/desks/traffic situation was clearly not thought-out beforehand while the California-based executives complain in APMs about employees complaining, also pricy cafeteria food and no free coffee.
2) Being treated like an overpaid intern/guinea pig running around doing manual tasks like pushing buttons and moving heavy equipment from building to building, and not being allowed to do the tasks managers claimed you would be able to do despite voicing concerns to the team and leadership.
3) No/little on-boarding or documentation in many teams. Some teams are so overrun with work so there is no/little help even if you reach out when needed. They are also ill-prepared to take in new people. 
4) Bad work life culture: heard a colleague say that you might need to work evenings and weekends without extra pay "just like you did in college!" (as if they are comparable), managers pinging you late at night or during vacation, managers aggressively pointing fingers at other managers over Teams calls, and working the contract employees to the bone (ex: pressuring one to not even take time off when they just had a baby).
Advice: None
Pros: Networking opportunities, regular social events, ability to test-drive cool vehicles. There is a diversity/inclusion employee group.

Cons: The competitive nature of the automotive industry can create a high-pressure work environment with demanding deadlines and performance expectations.
Advice: None
Pros: GM promotes a healthy work-life balance through flexible work arrangements, remote work options, and various employee wellness programs.

Cons: The only con I can think of is the org changes. Teams swap every couple of months, so just get used to meeting new people. This could also be considered a benefit for making connections.
Advice: Nope.
Pros: Here's a list:
1) Community: Most engineer here are very friendly and want to help for newbies such as I,
2) Salary: The salary is not terrible, especially if you compare to the national average.
3) Work: My role/work as a TRACK engineer has been enjoyable, GM is putting a considerable amount of time and money to try to grow its future employees.
4) Benefits: The benefits are top tier. Great insurance, great pay, great healthcare.

Cons: -the noises never stop. veterans with PTSD are in for a harrowing experience if you choose to work here,
-they want all the personal information on your place of worship to allow you to have your religion. making your new religion the manufacturing of cars.
-the only requirement for working in vehicle assembly is a pulse, so buyers beware. I'm telling everyone i know to never buy anything manufactured by GM ever,
-Admittedly nobody acknowledges that HR is there for them, but in reality the only time that they show up is to pull the rug out from underneath you.
Advice: be leaders not management.
Pros: the pay is consistent and always comes every friday

Cons: I hate seeing leaders workload triple since the reorganizations. 
Constant shifts and changes which overwhelm leaders on retraining, learning and delegating.
The constant fear of getting doxxed.
Unreasonable demands and changes.
Being in autotmotive period.
Advice: Look above and all the other reviews
Pros: There are some wonderful knowledgeable people here that invest the time into their employees and support their work life balance.
Leadership development program in some parts of the company are a great transition for college students.

Cons: Insane bureaucracy and politics, (mostly) terrible senior leadership, EV situation is a complete disaster, forced return to office at least 3 days a week (for most employees), nepotism is a problem, DEI initiatives are forced down employees throats, zero career development for most, qualified/experienced individuals very rarely get promotions they deserve.
Advice: Spend less time trying to impress Wall Street and trying to be like Tesla. Spend more time on things that actually make the company money and sell cars.
Pros: Decent benefits, pay, flexibility, 6% matching 401K, 12-week parental leave, annual HSA contribution.

Cons: No there are no much cons
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a Good place to work

Cons: Expected hours are 50 - 60 per week at a pay rate of 40 hpw
Constant shuffling between executives
Life/work balance doesn't really exist
Advice: None. They wouldn't be interested.
Pros: Benefits
Time Off
Paid Time Off

Cons: boring, lots of random things you have to do to please the overlords you have never met.
Advice: None
Pros: growth opportunities, friendly co workers, good pay

Cons: Currently not a stable company
Advice: None
Pros: GM is still hybrid, 3 days in person, 2 days wfh.

Cons: - Hard to move up, very large company
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexibility, cross functional team coordination, hands on

Cons: Hybrid, should be remote or more remote. No amenities at all in office. Price gouge food price in vending area. You don’t matter to the company. Extremely hard to move up in this Atlanta area.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid - 3 days a week in office.
Paychecks come on time

Cons: none at this time right now
Advice: None
Pros: Work life Balance
Good Pay for the area

Cons: Constant re-orgs
Industry that is flailing around trying things (i guess every industry that isn't Generative AI or HW related to Generative AI is flailing right now)
Despite all the rolling layoffs and cuts, there are *still* a core group of people that are just not open to change.
Advice: I don't have a Harvard, or Wharton MBA, and I never worked for a "tech company" as a data scientist or a senior leader ... so why would management listen to anything I say lol? I can't juice the stock price, or magically change the "global competitive landscape and the headwinds we face". I am just here to be as useful as possible till I am inevitably laid off.
Pros: good Salary for the region. Good bonuses.
Nice and competent colleagues that actually show up and try to work and are very helpful.
Direct leaders are good.

Cons: Last year because of the re org they had to do the vsp and closed down office
But after few months opened office in Mountain View 

Avg pay not the highest
Advice: None
Pros: Good team
PTO
Vacations plus holidays 
Work life balance
401k benefits
HSA 
Disability benefits
Maternity and Paternity leaves
Good bonus so far
Mgmt focusing heavy on EVs
Started udemy learning memberships

Cons: work life balance with certain team
Advice: None
Pros: it was a remote job

Cons: You might not get the role you are most interested in
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great way to understand the whole company

Cons: EV transition has been a disaster.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay and solid leadership.

Cons: Dog eat dog culture. Stacked ranking, Mandatory “underperfoeming” ranking of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, hybrid office requirement

Cons: Company moves incredibly slow and does not always help you do your job the best you can
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back environment

Great for resume

Cons: Toxic work environment with stack ranking seniors vs new hires
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to learn and grow your skills

Cons: in office working, lack of communication, not strong team
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, bonus, hybrid working, network, benefits

Cons: Hybrid, should be remote or more remote. No amenities at all in office. Price gouge food price in vending area. You don’t matter to the company. Extremely hard to move up in this Atlanta area.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid - 3 days a week in office.
Paychecks come on time

Cons: Scaled back on WFH options. Had one lead who wasn't the most reasonable
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, management was understanding

Cons: Company has lost it's direction due to poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Free Range to do what you want.

Cons: Everything that upper management says ends up getting reneged. They said we wouldn’t have to go in office, now we have to go in office. They said they wouldn’t do layoffs, but they keep doing layoffs. Many areas are a boys club and there is endless red tape preventing promotions even with prior experience. Once you’ve been hired in at that level you’re on a certain track and everything is seniority based. There is very little flexibility in anything and everyone is more concerned with rules and structure than making sure employees are happy or individual needs are met. As a result of this one-size-fits-all approach almost no one is happy. Was severely bullied on one team by a manager and as a result they moved me instead of addressing it. Also the pay is very poor for a mid level software engineer/developer
Advice: Be more flexible with employees. Some work better from home. Some would do better on another team. Some need disability accommodation that may not adhere to your strict rules about what work should look like. Some people have families and obligations and can’t work lunches, and nights, and weekends. A lot more flexibility and accommodation would make the work environment better and more productive for everyone.
Pros: The values align well with my personal values. I believe in the importance of diversity and a customer-centric approach. Better work-life balance than many development companies but it really depends what team you land on.

Cons: No work life balance. 
Never know what time you get off everyday.
Advice: None
Pros: Best job i ever had. Pay is beyond great.

Cons: managers can sometime look past entry level positions
Advice: None
Pros: nice company culture to work in

Cons: The culture and quality of leadership are in decline. Within the salaried ranks employee morale is following it down.
Advice: Drop the fantasy based strategies, focus on being the best vehicle manufacturer or leave to work in an industry you prefer, eliminate remote leaders or go full remote (be consistent), terminate senior leaders with low employee engagement scores.
Pros: GM has competitive compensation and benefits. As a large complex company there are opportunities for diverse experiences and specializations.

Cons: Management is mainly a bunch of former sales people and accountants.

The software in the company is literally the worst I've ever seen.

Management doesn't actually understand how modern software development works and just chases fads and plays buzzword bingo. Why? Because they don't actually know what they're doing.

Due to how bad GM is, it's difficult to leave because most companies don't want to hire ex-GM. Terrible rep.
Advice: The senior leadership at GM needs to be replaced and middle management needs to be thoroughly reduced. Too many chiefs and not enough workers.
Pros: Direct deposits go through on time.
Decent bonuses and benefits.

Cons: Favoritism was present in every division.
Advice: None
Pros: None as far as I could tell

Cons: Many changes to senior management. Constantly shifting company goals.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, Relaxed work environment, part-time work from home (for now)

Cons: in office working, lack of communication, not strong team
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, bonus, hybrid working, network, benefits

Cons: Don't have Stock program, more bouget for fun things
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and good environment

Cons: Higher level positions are very competitive to move into. Large talent pool of engineers to compete against
Advice: None
Pros: Company values diversity and inclusion, has a great bonus plan, great technology to learn, many career options allowing you to move around

Cons: Slow moving and not enough employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work on new software

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Helps to develop our skill set

Cons: No work life balance, no room for advancement, sub-par pay.
Advice: Make a better quality product, quit letting nepotism be the way to move up, look at actual data rather than confirmation bias, RTO is garbage, Mary Barra shouldn't be earning $107,000 each day (approximately $13,500 per hour) while implementing budget cuts and layoffs
Pros: Benefits, will encounter a lot of talented and outgoing peers.

Cons: Things can move slowly i.e. promotions, deviating from original plans/timelines, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Really interesting work in the automotive field paired with top of the line benefits you won't really find anywhere else

Cons: too many political....difficult to be promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: payment is good in all 3 big OEMs.

Cons: Long working hours with limited flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work with a good team

Cons: Slow moving, beaurocracy at times, hard to advance quickly. Best 3rd job.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work if WLB is important to you. Great people, processes, experience to learn from. Best 1st job.

Cons: Company direction a little worrying at the momemt
Advice: None
Pros: Salary
Work life balance
Benefits

Cons: The company is poorly structured from the top to the bottom. Archaic software systems cripple efficiency. Every engineering job is so process driven that zero creative allowance is available on a day to day basis.
Advice: None
Pros: If you play it well, you can get away with working 20-25 hrs per week

Cons: leadership changes direction every few months
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and pay for the area

Cons: Return to work, limited full remote roles
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, good perks, good pay.

Cons: Long hours are a given.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with.

Cons: return to office in enforced even if your team is not in the same office as you
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance for daily life

Cons: A gross culture where if you are unfortunate to need sick leave, gm drops you like a hot potato
Advice: All should quit because see above
Pros: Nothing really, some coworkers were nice

Cons: I don't have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: its a great place to work

Cons: Maybe the office politics the higher you go, org changes.
Advice: None
Pros: The overall benefits are fantastic, great work life balance. The culture is also pretty good, can either be fairly laid back and super hardworking. The values are also great.

Cons: If you suck you will work 70 hours a week.
Advice: None
Pros: If you don't suck it's very easy.

Cons: Office politics, cliquey culture, generally bad, very old school vibes and attitudes
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, salary, work-life balance are all good

Cons: Large company, can take time to build relationships and influence opportunities for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Opportunities for advancement because of the size of the company.

Cons: Lots of politics demand to move you if you’re in the field
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity for advancement globally with company

Cons: Promotion is hard and very biased. No motivation to actually do a good job due to this reason.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has great benefit and ppl are mostly good to work with

Cons: Very chaotic and management struggle to make firm decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits (MI),

Cons: Lots of deadlines and projects
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, good coworkers, cool tech

Cons: They "promised" that they weren't going to do layoffs after the original VSP was offered but that turned out not to be true.
Advice: honesty
Pros: Ability to grow and learn

Cons: - Things being tossed around all the time as management tries to get things to stick
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Bonus
- Good Work Life Balance

Cons: Lack of mobility and career opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great PTO and holidays. Decent pay.

Cons: I happened to land in a not so great org in IT and had some really horrible managers during my time there. One especially would bully her team members until enough of a pattern was established that people started reporting her to HR. She seemed to be friends with a higher up manager and only got moved around until she finally left the company to wreak havoc elsewhere. I also had an developer friend on a different team that got bullied out until she quit. The automotive industry tends to have layoffs pretty often even in good times, and very often during the year that UAW contracts need to be renegotiated. The performance review structure has changed recently to include more feedback from your manager every quarter. I would say GM is a better option for business backgrounds than software developers. And college hires tend to get promoted more than individual contributors due to their raise structure. I feel my skills stagnated during my time there, but some have done well, YMMV. And those I know who have left, usually make more $$$ elsewhere.
Advice: Assume goodness, what a crock.
Pros: It's a very good company for those just starting out in their careers since they tend to hire a lot of new college graduates and cater to their training and development. Depending on what area you get into, and your management, your experience can vary widely. They do have a very generous parental/family leave policy, just implemented in the past few years. They also have a very generous tuition reimbursement program. Once established, there are opportunities to apply for international assignments.

Cons: Toxic, careerist, micromanaging, and self-centered upper floor leadership. Lack of teamwork, support, communication, understanding, and compassion as well as the rebuffing of realistic approaches to job in favor of pure production quota above all else.
Advice: Increase teamwork, communication, and working together with and listening to Group Leaders. When GL's are allowed ZERO leeway or resources to do their job, it causes innumerable issues. Provide GL's the resources, support, and teamwork needed to succeed and production will improve significantly.
Pros: Excellent salary, benefits, and employees.

Cons: Large place, with alot of grind in decision making from the top can be frustrating
Advice: Take more risks, and dont toe the line politically so much.
Pros: So many different roles and people. Always able to get into something you want to do, and someone to learn from

Cons: Hostile work environment and horrible ethics
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits were good

Cons: Culture of exceptional individuals becoming or often promoted to being poor people leaders
Advice: None
Pros: Monetary compensation, team work, supportive co-workers

Cons: Under valued, hard to progress without completely switching organizations
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy in day to day work, tons of vacation and holidays

Cons: Work in a big company has to be divided by tens of thousands of people so the work that you get to do can feel pretty small and not worth much in the grand scheme of the company.
Advice: Follow Toyota and get more hybrids on the market. Either make commitments that you can stick with or stop making commitments.
Pros: Great Benefits/Work Life Balance. Pay is good and you are not expected to work insane overtime or weekends for most roles.

Cons: Need more cross team collab
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Bonus Work Balance Workplace

Cons: The company is unclear on RTO for remote workers and there are always rumors of impending layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: The TRACK program is great experience and looks good on a resume

Cons: Management likes to do semi-yearly layoffs and org changes with no clear direction. Lots of lies to offset and buy time for employee attitude shifts.
Advice: Do better.
Pros: Benefits, bonus, and pay are great.

Cons: The downsides of GM is that it, like most companies, is always changing. Salespeople stay in roles from 6 months to 2 years maximum. Direction from Detroit were always done from their perspective, not realizing that a smaller office has different needs. It was challenging to stay within company guidelines when those guidelines were drawn from farther away.
Advice: The concept of simplification and doing more with less should apply to the people managing, not those DOING.  Having to do one job is enough, being asked to take on 3 different positions is too much.
Pros: Working at GM is like a huge chaotic family reunion; some things are amazing and other times contentious. If you are passionate about cars it is amazing to see the latest innovations and be a part of it. The small office atmosphere for the Sales branches had a feel of a cooperative small office.

Cons: The culture of the company has taken a HUGE nose dive in the last year. Like, plummeting from a cliff sort of nose dive. It's in the basement at this point. Despite multiple assurances that layoffs are over, they lay more people off. They're gradually forcing people back into the office more and more, under the guise of cOLLaBoRatION. And rather than focusing on improving the remote collaboration experience and keeping the people, they keep the buildings and kick a bunch of people to the curb. At this point, there's zero trust in senior leadership, and I don't see that getting better any time soon. Also, pay scales for software development is not on par with the rest of the industry. They want top tier talent, but aren't willing to pay top-tier salaries (or even mid-tier really). Prepare to be undervalued.
Advice: Put trust back in your people. Show that you value them. Stop treating them as numbers on a spreadsheet and just another asset. The people of GM were your lifeblood and soul. Return to that. Earn their trust again. But it has to be earned, otherwise it's hopeless. Also stop focusing SO much on the competition, and focus on making the best product you can. The obsession with Ford and Tesla is going to be GM's downfall. Put all your energy into making GM the best it can be, and trust that that will be enough to outdo the competition, whomever it is.
Pros: Depending on what organization you're in, the work/life balance can be pretty good. Some areas can be a nightmare. But it's mostly good.

Cons: No competitive pay when compared to other automotive industries
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance here

Cons: Slowly but surely GM is adopting a work culture like FAANG but pay is not going to be worth it
Advice: None
Pros: There are many good and sociable Developers working at GM

Cons: HR mandating layoffs to the wrong group of people
Advice: None
Pros: Good company that is being run down by poor leadership

Cons: Structure and training isn't always the best depending on the department you're in.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company benefits and lots of opportunity for growth

Cons: complexity, cost, maintenance, third-party connectors and time
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: scalability, flexibility, user-friendly interface, pre-built connectors and centralized management

Cons: Organization always changing and job safety
Advice: None
Pros: Learn about the auto industry

Cons: You will never be home because you will work 7 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay great benifits good union

Cons: Continuously changing standards, but it is `being improved constantly.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work-life balance
lots of learning oppertunities

Cons: You'll be working minimum 6 days per week
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start and learn

Cons: Extremely toxic work environment, definitely not for the faint of heart.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits were good.

Cons: At times it can be frustrating egotism and internal politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay along with good benefits. Opportunity for personal growth as well educational advancement.

Cons: Upward movement a bit slow but I'd imagine comparable to other big companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits package, culture better than expected.

Cons: I don't think I've experience cons when i was employee there.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Pay, and Overall all employee development is good.

Cons: Lies in interview and lies/Passive Aggressive leadership in workplace
No work life balance
Extreme Politics
Fantasy Island....
Unstable software
Very unhappy customers
Advice: It was said during the end of year speech, at GM motorsports  "We are a family and the foundation of a family is built on trust" During the interview I was told lies about this position. Thus my "relationship", with my new family was founded on lies. Management should be proud they have created such a "knives in back", extremes politics and potentially life wrecking environment for employees. You need to change the unethical people in leadership of GM motorsports software. Lastly, it also very telling of how this team is managed when you are on your 7th PO/PM in 3 years....
Pros: GM has excellent benefits, most of the people are good hard working employees.

Cons: No work life balance. Mandatory overtime. Zero actual leadership abilities. You are but a number and a pawn in their production.
Advice: Learn how to lead not whatever it is they call what they are doing.
Pros: Good pay and great benefits

Cons: reality is the environment is toxic. Manager's are interested in keeping their position and do not care about staff
Advice: Take notice of the people working in your team. Start analyzing why so many people are resigning.
Pros: With AV and EV design and development in the horizon there is potential for doing something meaningful

Cons: Corporate politics like any other large corporation
Advice: None
Pros: Very good place to work once you get into the swing of things.

Cons: a bit difficult to try different fields of work
Advice: None
Pros: chill work and work environment

Cons: Career progression slows down after 8th level
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and competitive pay

Cons: Company moves way too slow
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to move between departments

Cons: Politics, lack of focus, poor communications, regular claims of "leaks/moles", unstable job market
Advice: None
Pros: At the time, pay, benefits, PTO

Cons: Politics and projects never completed in time
Advice: More technical managers
Pros: Work life balance and overall culture

Cons: So many meetings to attend
Advice: None
Pros: Great work place. Great pay

Cons: toxic culture if you are on the floor
Advice: None
Pros: great pay. pays overtime. cool

Cons: workspace is slow sometime and some useless work
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance and employee forcused

Cons: Senior Leadership has been trying to hire in the right person to change the trajectory of the company on the IT and strategy side. They hired a strategy guy - a few reorgs, but no noticeable changes. They hired a digital product guy from pixar - a few reorgs, no noticeable changes. Now they hire an Apple guy who so far has only been working to bring in people he knows from silicon valley. He appears to not really have a plan other than using this experience as an internship to learn from Mary Barra. Expected result - a few reorgs, no noticeable changes.
Advice: With a company as old and storied as GM you cannot hire a visionary to dramatically change everything. They are met with too much resistance - often from within the C Suite itself. Inertia is real and when you try to fabricate change faster than the organization can absorb it you usually degrade the culture with few if any measurable improvements to the bottom line. If you want rapid change - spin things off like Cruise and Brightdrop. Let those things incubate outside of the womb that is still really just trying to build cars and put them on dealer lots. Otherwise the collateral damage of trying to inject change could actually erode the core, and sacrifice the culture that has been hard won over the past decade.
Pros: The Mission, Vision and Values are solid. The work is diverse and exciting. You can work on literally any IT system. GM has one of everything.

Cons: There are not many cons in this job
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and very friendly

Cons: May be on team using old tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance here

Cons: Too many lay-offs
Terrible communication
Little career autonomy and lots of shuffling around
Too much is asked from you with not enough pay.
Advice: Communicate better.
Pay people more.
Pros: Good work-life balance
People are nice and helpful
Some career growth opportunities

Cons: culture depending on your team
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, many facilities have been renovated

Cons: Still old school style which is getting better in last 8 yrs
Advice: None
Pros: Growing opportunities and contributing your experience

Cons: No cons to note at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with tons of opportunities for an engineer.

Cons: Work pressure is not that much so sometimes you feel youre not doing enough
Advice: Be more open-minded to new technologies
Pros: Good work culture and very friendly people

Cons: Very bureaucratic when it comes to promotions, the best candidate doesn't always get chosen.
Advice: Promote on merit
Pros: Very flexible when asking to work remote for certain days.

Cons: Capped wages keep you stagnant.
Advice: None
Pros: Profit sharing is a plus.

Cons: They just love TOO much.
Advice: None
Pros: Well organized, great benefits, fairly awesome.

Cons: It is still are large corporation, so layoffs may occur.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best teams I've worked with.

Cons: GM is trying to transform to a tech company but it still has a long way to go. A lot of changes need to happen from the leadership to the associates.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefit, pay and bonus

Cons: Haven't found any so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits with so much opportunity to learn.

Cons: The company is experiencing restructuring, which can impact personal grwoth and mental health.
Advice: None
Pros: Having great people to work with. Decent pay.

Cons: Some what bureaucratic and traditional in their approach but that is now shifting
Advice: None
Pros: Very Personalable work environment and High Mentorship Culture

Cons: You will only be promoted based on your friendship status of managers. I have trained 6 people who would become my bosses. I had the highest performance review possible only to be skipped for promotions. Your home life will be non-existent because you will be forced every weekend. You will have no training on equipment and expected to make on the spot decisions that can cost the company hundred of thousands of dollars. You're required to make a list of all the tasks you do in a day and time it takes to do each task which exceeds an 8hr shift. Rather than reduce work loads you are told to omit tasks so that the timeline matches task times.
Advice: Spend more time on the floor helping the new group leaders. Help them by showing how to make the critical decisions in a timely manner.
Pros: Great place to learn to adapt and overcome difficult situations. You are put out to run multi million dollar equipment with little to no training. You will forfeit your at home life to work here but the monetary compensation is great.

Cons: Tons of inefficiency and no incentive to perform well. Promotions are handed out based on seniority alone
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Good work life balance if you are not a senior engineer or don't care about advancing

Cons: A few roles do most of the work.
Hard to be meaningfully recognized. 
Bonus structure is based on level with little flexibility. 
New hires get paid more than 2-3 years worth of merit increases in same role. 
But that’s just corporate for you, they’re probably much better than most.
Advice: Get into the weeds and add value to the work that we provide you with. Too many managers are simply middle men that lost their edge as an individual contributor and never had the vision for business leadership. Some leaders are great, others just yell at suppliers.
Pros: Good work life balance. 
Very friendly culture. 
Low to mid-level management trusts you.
Lateral job moves are very accessible. 
Opportunities to join adjacent projects to gain new skills.

Cons: Middle management people leader at GM is a tough job. Treat your team well but also hold people accountable.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, good room for advancement!

Cons: management does not have the stomach for innovation
Advice: None
Pros: if someone wants a relaxing environment this might be a suitable environment

Cons: Slow work and not much growth with fast and more contribution
Advice: None
Pros: Great WLB and nice people to work with.

Cons: So much waste due to outdated systems. Hierarchy based on seniority. Mainly a white, male dominated leadership structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, good salary with annual inflation increase. Usually the annual bonus is good for industry.

Cons: Not a caring individual when comes to traveling and commuting, especially over 100 miles
Advice: should have less reorg, too many reorg, and employee cannot build up the career path
Pros: Good Salary and benefits, respect for team environment

Cons: They have a habit of changing the work time you were hired for
Advice: stick to initial terms of hire especially work schedule times
Pros: They have Good pay and benefits

Cons: slower career progression, bureaucracy, decision making can be slow
Advice: None
Pros: Family first culture, collaborative, and relatively well paid in the area

Cons: Going into the office 3x weekly
Constant changes
Advice: Be more transparent
Pros: Great resources to learn new skills
Lots of time in between projects to train
Laid back work environment
Great work lift balance

Cons: unclear priorities, poor work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, mainly good people

Cons: Instability with periodic layoffs can be stressful at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Global foot print, variety of opportunities once employed within the company, and training/education development opportunities.

Cons: Toxic work environment, everyone gossips about each other, bosses try to screw subordinates, very long hours
Advice: Stop power tripping Brodie 
Pros: The money is nice especially with ot

Cons: below average pay, subpar management at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great WLB, great environment for learning

Cons: No clear path for promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Good vacation time, great benefits, nice people, good work-life balance

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Fair pay, competent management, good pto, good work life balance

Cons: Really Really Hard To Do
Advice: Let me take more of our total earnings please
Pros: Super Awesome Cool Epic Company

Cons: Sometimes it is stressful a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits and work experience

Cons: I was part of the EV Focus and got cut due to low demand.
Advice: None
Pros: In the area I was based things worked well. Good managers, and very good work life balance.

Cons: no cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Clean and safe, good benefits and pay

Cons: Lay offs are possible and can be very sad.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of perks, freedom within the company, people were friendly.

Cons: Automotive is a scary place to be right now. Upper management is lost with this move to EV and has ruined many careers with their arrogance. Unless you’re a woman your growth potential is minimal. Pay wage is not keeping up with inflation and good luck getting promoted. Work your life away with little satisfaction and the only perk of the job is vehicle discounts on overpriced vehicles that cost as much as your yearly wage. Not what it used to be 20 years ago.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k, vehicle discounts, flexibility, time off

Cons: - Lower Management and Higher Ups mix messaging with deliveries
- Used years to justify 'exceeds exceeds' even if you're performing better than seasoned employees
- Not all employees are interested in change, which can make it challenging to offer up something new and exciting.
- It's hard to get promotions.
Advice: Synchronize with all levels of the company. It may be a good idea to audit performance objectives to ensure leaders are not writing conflicting messages that could jeopardize product timing and quality. The customers are the ones who suffer the most.
Pros: - Interesting Work
- Interesting Product to Development
- Some roles come with awesome perks, such as testing on the proving grounds or seeing the product before anyone else (even within the company)
- Company interested in making a difference/Pivot from the Norm

Cons: Very political and bureaucratic environment. Lot's of infighting and teamwork forced, not nurtured.
Advice: Less politics, less hypocrisy, more focus on employee quality worklife .
Pros: Job security if you follow party line. Good bonuses.

Cons: Company advancement based on who you know, not what you know and what you do.
Advice: Look for more ways to get high performers in front of upper management
Pros: Good Salary and Benefits, Allowed to work freely, Many good people to work with

Cons: Very in depth knowledge you must learn
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic team to work with

Cons: not as well compensated as other companies for the tech industry
Advice: None
Pros: excellent for work life balance

Cons: Long hours for salary employees
No formal training
Advice: None
Pros: None that I can think of

Cons: 1.People leaders within the SW space need to be reduced to enable rapid collaboration.They just get in the way of workflow more than helping, coming up with processes for the sake of it. The few that try to collaborate at the working level get easily flustered but having said this there is no doubt there is year over year changes in people leaders that is going in the right direction. 2.In house SW development quality is very poor to put it nicely. 3.Infotainment design and execution is several years behind competitors , needs a complete overhaul fastest option of it being paying suppliers for the next few years to get closer to competition than trying to do it ourselves
Advice: Thanks for trying to do your best, everything written is in the best interest of the organization, Best wishes.
Pros: 1.Lovely People at all levels. This is the single biggest reason for things not falling apart 2.Decent pay ,a good benefits package. 3.A lot of new employees replacing old hands that left are doing well to cover them when provided with the right guidance and the freedom to go about their way to get work done. 4.Mary and the executive leadership are doing their best and to march towards business goals.Its Good to see executives genuinely try.

Cons: Culture 
No Appreciation 
Timelines
Return to office
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility
Learning
Personal growth
Big company

Cons: May often have periods of uncertainty
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a well diverse company

Cons: Constant reorgs occuring at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunity to get yourself out there and learn important skills

Cons: Bureaucracy to the extreme.  Often purely for the sake of it, adding no value or safe guards. Leadership changes constantly making it hard to connect with what the "vision of the day" is. With that vagueness, many don't have a good goal post to work towards and seem to languish while a few work way to hard to push the product through the machine.
Advice: Invest in your technical leaders more and silicone valley less.
Pros: Some really cutting edge stuff to work on with room to collaborate and invent.  Rewarding in positions I have had to be close to the final product and drive what you worked on.  There are some really smart people here, and if you align with them there is a lot to learn.

Cons: All over the place. Never got to stick to one project or team.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice Bonus at the end of the year

Cons: RTO while has its pros seems inefficient as implemented. Software and services seems to be getting very top heavy at the senior executive levels
Advice: None
Pros: Current leadership in IT is amazing! The rest of GM would be wise to follow

Cons: Poor decision making from executives, cultural indifferences
Advice: Slow down and rethink
Pros: Lot of new opportunities to learn. 
Great 401k benefits (upto 6% match), great bonus as compared to other competitors

Cons: Mandatory in office days. Communication from senior leadership is not as clear and concise as it could be.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits package.

Cons: No work life balance, working on weekends alot
Advice: None
Pros: Guranteed bonus if you meet expectations

Cons: Like any large company, there are some frustrations when it comes to big initiatives being rolled out. The pendulum can swing widely from one direction to another.
Advice: Suggestion would be to hold managers, execs, and sr. execs more accountable.  If a large initiative, program, etc. is not successful, make sure the feedback gets to them and if not corrected, promote up and comers who are more nimble and can get the job done.
Pros: GM has some of the best people to learn from. Everyone is extremely helpful and wants you to be successful. There are also numerous career opportunities and different parts of the business that you can learn and you're encouraged to do so. It's humbling being a part of such a great group of people and experts in their field.

Cons: EV strategy is not working
Advice: None
Pros: Big company with many info to learn

Cons: poor salary and career growth
Advice: None
Pros: work culture and work life balance

Cons: location is cold, and pay could be more
Advice: None
Pros: there is a boys club.

Cons: You are just a cog in a big machine. Many decisions are not personal.
Advice: Back off on the return to work policy, the negatives from it are outweighing the positives.
Pros: So many different opportunities. You can reinvent your career if you are willing to jump to a different department.

Cons: Long hours lead to imbalance
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse work load and great challenge

Cons: A lot of re-Organization through the company
Advice: None
Pros: Very Family friendly and pro employee

Cons: Cyclical layoffs. Constant strategy changes = moving targets. A lot of general uncertainty on EV strategy. 

Personally, I enjoy working onsite more than WFH, but remote opportunities are becoming more limited.
Advice: Improve upon inspiring employees to buy into company strategy. Provide more details on "why" we're doing what we're doing.
Pros: Bonus has been tremendous for the last decade. Flexible work environment. Many amenities on-campus (food, coffee, gym, etc.). Benefits are great. Pay is great. Robust company that positions itself well for the long-term. Many opportunities to make an impact in EV, autonomous, and automotive technology in general. Very diverse workforce. Great work done over the last 20 years to change from the "authoritarian" management style to an inclusive environment.

Cons: Lots of hours, and lots of work to complete on time.
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime pay on weekends, exciting projects, and good people.

Cons: IT is constantly re-organizing. You may change internal organizations several times a year. This results in a lot of change interfering with work getting completed.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are Great!!
Pay is competitive!!
401k Contribution is Incredible!!

Cons: Depending on role, there could be shift rotation required
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of learning and growth opportunity

Cons: A lot of transformation going on right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation, flexibility, and excellent health, vision, benefits.

Cons: Nothing to think of at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and great group of engineers

Cons: I like working hrre there are no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work! Would work here again

Cons: No problem at all in GM
Advice: None
Pros: They are developing lot of EV vehicles

Cons: You are expected to work all the time.
A 4% raise is considered a GREAT raise.
Advice: Stop telling managers to fill out paperwork all the time when they do not have team members/leaders to support.
Pros: You learn about manufacturing and general motors.

Cons: Constant senior leadership restructuring
Constant Management Changes
Constant Project changes
Force Hybrid work environment even for personnel with no local management
Bad management can ruin you without reason or explanation
Senior management will often say one thing for direction and do the total opposite then get defensive when confronted in all people meetings via question and answer times
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources for self-development like Udemy
Benefits - Time off is excellent - 401k match is amazing

Cons: Onboarding could have been more informative.
Finding documentation for almost anything is complicated
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and benefits.
Good camaraderie within my group.
No micro management.
Decent starting vacation allowance

Cons: Salary could be higher. Bonus is good but may change in the future
Advice: None
Pros: Ok benefits. Great team and direct leaders

Cons: Can be chaotic. Work life balance can be difficult.
Advice: 
Pros: Good place to work, broadly. Pay is good.

Cons: Stuck in the same role
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and good coworkers

Cons: none, overall very good experience working here
Advice: None
Pros: Overall a very good company

Cons: Leadership changes and affects the flow
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, has really good benefit

Cons: ofc it cant be the ifykyk
Advice: you should look into what the
Pros: great comp, great payy, great comp

Cons: Less pay, can be frustrating for seeking technical challenges, no stock options!
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, excellent program for tuition assistance, technical work dependent on your team, generous bonus!

Cons: * Leadership change has shifted alot of focus of insourcing to outsourcing
* Only gave market adjustments to new hires rather than focusing on keeping current engineers which eventually led to an influx of people leaving.
Advice: Be more transparent with employees, this was apparent when the complete axe of the arizona IT office was leaked, focus on keeping atleast a decent amount of the really talented engineers you already have happy with keeping pay at market value which you can easily do
Pros: * Good base salary for out of college hires
* Great benefits
* Great people to learn from 
* Great focus on diversity and inclusitivity

Cons: The environment is slow paced and at times far from technical.
Advice: Apply more pressure to move fast, value engineering expertise, understand the details
Pros: The people are very friendly. The corporate climate is inclusive.

Cons: politics, poor handling of work place harassment
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, salary, and relaxed work environment

Cons: Need to deal with people in different time zone
Advice: None
Pros: People are great and easy to work with.

Cons: Sometimes work can be a little tedious, but that's what comes with work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good coworkers. Professional but can enjoy your job at the same time.

Cons: Continuous updates  lack of parts
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, teamwork,  and the training is ok

Cons: Not aware of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with in the team

Cons: Not any cons I can think of, it is a great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: - Tons of resources for new engineers 
- Lots of growth opportunities 
- Flexible work culture

Cons: Big company politics and processes
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company with great benefits

Cons: Silo’d, lots of complexity to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: Software organization is heavily mismanaged.
Advice: None
Pros: Sometimes the work can be cool..... sometimes.

Cons: Would give 5/5 if salary wasn't low. Only reason I would like to leave at some point. Minor cons include maybe slower learning than other places, work is a little boring, if you don't like RTO this may not be for you.
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is fantastic, benefits are fantastic, if you're in the right group you work with wonderful people, plenty of things to learn.

Cons: Sometimes very political and slow with it being a big company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers and great culture

Cons: Lot of change in the program and management
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay and rotation program
Saw multiple different roles

Cons: Worked during covid. Everyone pretended to have covid or covid exposure. You are always the bad guy when you send someone back to the line to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible scheduling was the best part

Cons: Not much salary growth opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is reasonably good at least.

Cons: no stock 
no worklife balance
production floor is toxic
slow moving, managers point to different direction mess up the plan
Pay wage is not keeping up with inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Most managers are pretty good and care.
Benefit is good
good yearly bonus

Cons: I was told by leadership and HR that they revamped their performance ratings to make it easier to 'see' poor performers. In fact it allowed them to designate upwards of 1/3 of their employees as poor performers. Most of these had previously gotten satisfactory performance reviews.
Advice: None
Pros: For awhile they really encouraged people to innovate. My first 5 years there were really good.

Cons: You're a cog in the machine. As much as GM pushes HR, it is a boys club/ lots of nepotism. Sr. directors manipulate hiring for friends/family who are not qualified blatantly out in the open. UAW can be very difficult to work with/ breeds a lot of issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Paid well, promoted from within, great 401k, good bonus

Cons: very big company lots to learn
Advice: None
Pros: good people good facilities good hours

Cons: Downsizing when people are needed
Advice: Should care more about employees careers
Pros: Great team and resources and opportunities

Cons: Communication is lacking
Experience varies based on direct supervisor
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to grow
Fast paced
Problem solving

Cons: Culture sucks, it’s cold corporate 
Constantly moving roles and orgs 
Random employee layoffs after even good quarters
Advice: Management is lost, they are placing managers in roles they’ve never even worked in.
Pros: Pay is very good 
Longevity is good

Cons: fighting for promotions and rasies, small fish in a big pond, tech center is a nightmare
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, tuition assistance, flexible/hybrid work

Cons: Many changes are being implemented at the moment since the changes within the senior leadership team. Many organizations and teams are facing numerous changes.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has always offered great benefits which include a good amount of PTO days, 401k match, company HSA contribution, and insurance benefits. GM definitely leads the industry in terms of making sure the employees feel the comfort they need.

Cons: Long hours and unrealistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Great peers, strong data analytics

Cons: There is no longer working from home. There is no work life balance anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: Some coworkers at gm make it easier to stay.

Cons: I was stuck in a job since I was good and had a hard time advancing.  Also with Salary reduction those of us that had pension were walked out.
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed my career while at GM.

Cons: It seemed like there were no company-wide standards for coding practices or app design. Each team had their own way of doing things, which made cross-collaboration difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is big, so there is a lot of existing structure.

Cons: No leadership 
No good team
No career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Benefits 
Culture
Bonus

Cons: more time spent on special projects vs day to day
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance
continuous education

Cons: Limited opportunities for salary increase, promotion, transitioning roles. Experiences with poor leadership and turn over but was department specific.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, competitive benefits, lots of learning opportunities specific to my team.

Cons: Leadership decision making. Also, there is a culture that you must move positions frequently to get promoted, leads to loss of knowledge/consistency.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Pay, Work-life Balance, job autonomy

Cons: -Salary not as much as you would think
-Working with Suppliers 24/7 could be annoying when they are ineffective communicators.
Advice: Keep in constant contact with their employees, ask if they are happy at work,  with what they are doing. Ask us "what's next" etc.
Pros: Standard Benefits
HSA
Good Work-Life Balance
Opportunity to travel

Cons: Honestly if it were my decision I would've stayed longer. The company itself does not seem to care for their workers as they shut down the entire Arizona Innovation Center leading to everyone losing their jobs, including myself. They also refused to answer anyone's questions/concerns regarding to this layoffs. Their reasoning was to be "more competitive" or "reduce cost" (total BS but whatever). They also will ignore any mention involving remote positions like the plague for some reason.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a really good job to start out and grow with experience, and even move up with you wanted to (that is if you're able to stay that long). I started as new college hire, but the transition to be a full-fledged software developer was slow but very relaxed. My team really push the idea of work life balance. Like the manager doesn't care what we do in our WFH days as long we get our task done by the deadline. I really liked that because its less pressure. On top of that my manager doesn't micro-manage. It really depends on your team and how you interact with them, but I was certainly lucky and grateful for the team that I had.

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits package and time off

Cons: Office architecture is veery poor.
Advice: None
Pros: Office culture si really good.

Cons: Job insecurity: during a lay-off round, sleep is a four letter word Labor is a a commodity: You're on your own. Don't get comfortable with the chair you sit in. You'll move before it's warm. Sometimes you'll move as a team, other times you'll move on your own. High expectations: Expectations aren't always expressed. You have to learn through the grapevines and they mess with your work-life balance. Example: if they give you a cell phone (pretty much standard now) it's expected to be on you pretty much 24/7 and it's not for private use. I used it as such anyway though, because I'm not going to carry around two phones. Another one: at a level 7 you're pretty much expected to work all the time. Not doing that precludes you from moving up the ladder, because it's a rat race. I recommend it, because in comparison to other US employers, GM is pretty good.
Advice: Barra has done great work, but management needs to come off their high horse and start to live what they preach about the GM family. That should be more than saving cash-back points for oil changes and accessories.
Pros: Job stability: In between lay-off rounds you're in a safe place. Work-life balance: Has improved, but there are still some old-school expectations You contribute to stuff that dreams are made of.

Cons: - Politics are big at this company (who you know, what upper management sees) - Old technologies all over the company - Thrown into subpar projects and expected to do miraculous work, just to get meet expectations on year review - Upper management does a lot of poor planning and may affect your work/life balance, causing you to work up to 65+ hours a week with no pay bump - 2 periods of layoffs in my 6 year tenure
Advice: - Plan project timelines much better (receive input from developers working project) and have experienced managers that at least have some familiarity with tecnologies, such as Angular, Galileo, Azure Sprint Boards, etc. - Give more incentives to people doing more than they should instead of working them to the ground.
Pros: - Able to gain a lot of experience in different aspects of software developement life cycle - Bonuses each February are nice when company is doing well - If you get a good team and manager, fun work with team

Cons: Micromanaging is at the forefront of this job.
Advice: None
Pros: PTO, flexible hours, yearly bonus

Cons: Lack of growth in one area of the business, therefore you're forced to move around to climb the pay levels at GM. Levels are 6, 7, 8, 9th and level unknown.
Advice: Everyone is fighting for a people leader role, therefore a CT LEAD should be an 8th level in purchasing and a GCM a 9th level in purchasing.
Pros: Paid very well for an entry-level position. A lot of opportunities in other areas of the business.

Cons: The constant layoffs make the environment feel stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: Typically has good work life balance.

Cons: politics
exceustive managemetn not interetd to listen
Advice: None
Pros: good 
place 
excellent team
communication
good teams

Cons: The culture in the company is that employees are expected to always be available, even on vacations.
Advice: Support work/life separation but reducing weekend work and foster the culture of encouraging employees not to work while on vacation.
Pros: The pay I receive cannot be matched.

Cons: Layoffs during downtime 
Limited advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse and inclusive
Good benefits

Cons: The company is toxic, and management lies. It is all about passing the buck, and software engineers refuse to do their work.  Development managers blame everyone not on their team.   Upper management cares only for metrics.
Advice: Stop lying to employees.
Pros: Good salary, ok benefits.  Some good people, but most have been run off.

Cons: Pressure job, too many managers
Advice: Reduce managers
Pros: work life balance, hybrid work

Cons: micro-management, churn/ indecisiveness, lack of vision, long hours, lack of growth opportunities, outdated management style, lack of action to (too many surveys)
Advice: None
Pros: positive company culture/ values, lots of opportunities/ projects, engagement, leadership has open door policy for feedback

Cons: You can no longer work from home or pick flexible days to be in the office
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company to work for

Cons: Lots of traveling is required
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to move up in the company

Cons: Management seems to lack accountability when things go wrong.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible with hours. 
Competitive compensation.

Cons: I think there is no clear career path
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good place to work

Cons: may get placed on a team where few people care about quality of software they are delivering
Advice: Management is moving around as well to have the right people in the right roles, I'm a fan of this direction
Pros: Hit or miss dependent on which team your on. Overall good experience, and General Motors is heading in the right direction, where they are going to expect more from software developers

Cons: These vehicles encounter tons of problems which no one seems to fix and we are getting less resources to do our day to day jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: You get work on vehicles and programs that are not yet out and drive these products home daily.

Cons: Low salaries
The maket share of GM in Korea is not high. So not bright future for GM Korea
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible time working possible
Not stubborn atmosphere

Cons: There are some people who don't have the same niceness or work well with others spirit but, there are those type people everywhere.
Advice: None
Pros: I really enjoy working for this company. Great organization leadership, always making sure questions are being answered and not in a round about way.

Cons: They have layoffs every other year and are random. They don’t help people get to positions they want to be in and take people out of the positions they want to be in. Most of the managers have no IT experience. But since they have an mba they get hired over people who are more qualified.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay, benefits and car discount

Cons: Company was bought out by another firm who only took people with tenure of 25 years
Advice: Company is no longer in business as General Motors, 
Pros: Great staff
Room for growth
Excellent Pay and Bonuse
Excellent Work Hours

Cons: political, decisions often led by internal politics rather than engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, 
Pay.
work form home

Cons: Health Insurance, not much else
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation Time, Pay, Paid Holidays,

Cons: GM is plagued by too much mid-management creating fiefdoms and uncooperative behaviors. The executive level mgmt has vision but can't seem to carry it out and decommits too early. Their products are middling and poorly conceived with lots of obvious mistakes making it through production.
Advice: GM needs a complete reboot (unfortunately the bankruptcy didn't achieve enough). The culture is poisoned and despite layoffs and early retirement offers there are still far too many people getting in the way rather than adding to the cause.
Pros: Great compensation keeps people around for long careers. Lots of potential, huge market of captive consumers begging them for new products.

Cons: You will not be promoted quickly
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture, Lots of opportunity to grow your data expertise and skillset

Cons: navigating the bureaucracy is its own skill set
similarly, it is easy to get stuck in your silo
cross-functional management can be overlapping and slow progress
Advice: None
Pros: compensation and benefits are good
management is very open to conversations about how to advance and grow
get to work on CARS!!!

Cons: No hours over 32 for part time no vacation time no sick leave no care for their employees
Advice: None
Pros: The hourly pay you get is good

Cons: Can be demanding on the body.
At some points you do feel as if you aren't cared about.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good paid without any education.

Cons: A great place to start your career
Advice: None
Pros: Has a very relaxed working culture

Cons: work balance is difficult after COVID
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work and great mentors to move up the career path

Cons: Leadership transparency about state of company financials could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Company treated me fairly....no complaints.

Cons: poor leadership in fast moving automotive industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, 401k, working environment, flexible working time

Cons: sometimes there can be a fair amount of travel involved to facilities
Advice: None
Pros: it's a great team in the body shop area and the work is very engaging and hands on

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great pace, great coworkers, great benefits

Cons: None that I can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work with

Cons: Shut down in other cities
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were always a good thing

Cons: Future direction and leadership is often disorganized and ever-changing
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and compensastion while living in Michigan

Cons: None, GM is not a perfect place, but they are working very hard to become one.
Advice: None to share at this time.
Pros: Great Benefits and Bonuses, and Team Environment

Cons: Fast paced, a lot of programs to manage at once
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, I appreciate the flexibility of my day to day.

Cons: Lot of Red tape to get things done
Won’t get as much exposure to software as in big tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Pay is pretty good for metro Detroit

Cons: GM specific tools do not translate to other jobs
Slow work efforts
No groundbreaking work
boring work
Advice: None
Pros: Hired straight out of college
Quickly learned GM specific tools
Easy job

Cons: GM is a big company, there has been struggle with change but this is improving
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, works to improve customer experience, leaders support working level employees

Cons: Since GM is moving to electrification there is a lot of cause and uncertainty on who is keeping a job and who is not. 1. The culture is very bipolar depending on the team you are in. 2. Very corporate; you don't have the freedom to provide ideas without heavy pushback. 3. work life balance is dependent on the team you are in. this could be good and bad. 4. At the SIT you feel stuck and hopeless sometimes. like your career is in a pause. Very depressing environment.
Advice: When applying to a team internally: try to shadow the TRACK engineer and ask for their opinion on the role. They should be able to show you the flaws and the goods. When applying eternally: Ask the hard question that can make you not like the job and make sure you understand what you are getting into. Not everyone is cut out for the corporates life, so be prepare to have a drastic change if you come from a small company where you carry a lot of hats.
Pros: Since GM is moving to electrification there is a lot of knowledge to be gain. 1. Gain circuit, module and internal software experience. 2. You have access to very smart individuals. 3. One gets the freedom to expand your knowledge. 4. you have free time to pursue your interest internally.

Cons: Big with highly in grained culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to get to know how auto industry works and learn about how tech is changing the landscape of auto sector

Cons: Pay is not up to par. Too much restructuring and uncertainty. Senior level leadership could do a better job.
Advice: None
Pros: The pace of working is great. The environment is great, and the people are great.

Cons: heavy work load busy all time
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and flexible hybrid

Cons: Poor communication and transparency with upper management.
No Mentoring, and lack of career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Was pretty chill, had good benefits, and learned a lot in my initial year but after that upper management decided to lay off the majority of senior devs and leaders across the company which destroyed team cohesion and morale. For those that remained we were told to "do less with less" but in reality, it was "do more with less" and people quickly got overwhelmed.

Cons: The SR system has gotten a lot better, but a lot of the work can be a series of requests and approvals you have to account for in planning. Something you cant really get away from in a company this big, but its always a risk in planning. Leadership is all over the place about layoffs and layoffs. Most the employees think its sketchy. Only main con is compensation for those who do more than others. I get inflation is a thing now so you have to hire new college hires and experienced hires for more, but those who have been here through the thick and thin are also impacted by inflation. New college hires coming in close to level 7s in terms of salary is a slap in the face when you dont plan on giving us any sort of adjustment.
Advice: None
Pros: Started here out of college and worked my way up to a mid-senior level 7. I think your experience here is mainly impacted on where you land in terms of space/org and manager. I personally loved my experience and the opportunity to grow where you are or move laterally is there. My managers have always been supportive and cared about how I was. Just depends if you decided to outshine others or not. Also an easy place to coast if you are looking for something of that nature. Work life balance has always been awesome. Management has always been flexible for me. Unless you are a slacker, annual raises were always 3-4% maybe more. Bonuses are up and down, but last few years have been good. PTO and Holidays are awesome because of the factory shut downs.

Cons: No career growth
no food in office
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture
great work life balance

Cons: Some managers only care about employees performance instead of employee growth.
Advice: Management can improve working at GM by focusing on employees growth instead of employees performance. Yet employees performance is important, managers must not focus on it extensively because it can lead to a toxic competitio between employees instead of working together and building a great team together.
Pros: Great culture, great pay, great benefice, great work life balance

Cons: Tough to move up/get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, supportive leaders and pay/benefits

Cons: After the new college hire program ends, salary increases also stagnates
Advice: None
Pros: The new college hire program presents a descent salary progression

Cons: I'd like to believe that this is limited to my former team, but in my experience leadership can be quite toxic in a myriad of petty ways. My advice: trust what people here do, never ever what they say, especially leaders. They will make promises and never follow through. No one will help you if your immediate boss turns out to be awful. There is a lot of playing favorites by management. The line employees are not your friends, too in a rush to suck up to the people with the highest title. If you are Black, be prepared for macroaggressions from your teammates.
Advice: Your DEI is superficial to the point of reinforcing some very harmful norms within the organization.
Pros: As one of the largest companies in the world, GM has a lot of resources for employees (outside of benefits, which are just ok). There is training available through Degreed, opportunities to work on very complex and potentially global issues, and cutting edge software. There is also a good deal of cross-functional teamwork, so you can usually find someone who knows something about any issue.

Cons: - Pay is lower than essentially every tech company, GM will claim they want a tech presence but will always be a corporate car company first. By this I mean at a certain point the only way to make career progress is to go management route and climb through endless ranks of management. - GM invests a lot into new hires and as a result has a lot of turnover after 2 years (New hires have to pay back relocation) - Not a lot of senior talent here.
Advice: Attracting and retaining senior talent would provide financial rewards in both the sort and long run. More technical leadership leads to higher reliability / efficiency and less buggy code bases. Its more expensive to rebuild a system several times than to build a system with the experience of forsight.
Pros: - As a senior you are able to hop on more impactful teams since there is a lack of senior talent. - Job security used to be more certain but after layoffs this pro may have shifted. - Work life balance varies, a lot of college new hires like to work weekends and work late to prove themselves but this culture is not expected. It really just depends on the team.

Cons: With the many headcount reductions in the past decade, things can be chaotic at times with not enough resources to get the job done efficiently.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to do different things

Cons: Strict with having people work remotely.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, ability to move around within the company.

Cons: no worklife balance, production floor is toxic
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits that's the only thing that makes it worth it.

Cons: GM has a bunch of technically incompetent but skilled playing bureaucratic games managers on all levels and a lot of time is wasted in various useless meetings.
Advice: Get rid of technically incompetent managers.
Pros: Good benefits and compensation, good people, good offices

Cons: Sometimes uses older technology and slow to move on
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance with many experienced developers.

Cons: Barely any diversity in the Bay city office in Michigan
Advice: None
Pros: Upper management is absolutely wonderful but some managers can micromanage

Cons: Layoffs and schedule not consistent.
Advice: None
Pros: Good money and benefits/ pto.

Cons: Salary is low for the area
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Good opportunities

Cons: Large corporation can lead to politics
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people with many career opportunities

Cons: Pay for the industry is towards the lower end for a company of this size. It is impossible to get promoted without applying for a different position and moving teams
Advice: None
Pros: Very generous with vacation. With 3 weeks at starting and increasing to 4, then 5 fairly quickly. Plus most teams allow "unlimited" vacation as long as the work is getting done, the actual vacation days you take are not tracked.

Cons: slow moving large company with all the issues that come along with that
Advice: None
Pros: generous bonus structure and benefits packages.

Cons: Leadership direction is a concern with electric vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: 401k Match, good healthcare, good bonus

Cons: No stock match. 
No Free/Paid foods good in the office.
Advice: Depending on the managers it is good, and bad. I had bad manager that just push you in the corners and good manager that help you lean and excel.
Pros: Good 401k benefits. 
Good Insurance. 
Good Bonus is you work above and beyond.

Cons: Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance, Learning, Growth. Development

Cons: Chaotic - We were reorganized around 4 times, with a new boss
Advice: None
Pros: Good time off, very flexible

Cons: Can be very stressful and occasionally have a toxic work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and gets you plant experience

Cons: Management is deaf/useless. They might shutdown your entire building a few months after promising no lay offs.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is decent, 20 days PTO at 2 years, bonuses are big with the multipliers

Cons: Huge and skimming thru org is challenging in initial days
Advice: None
Pros: Company with huge process and variety of career options,

Cons: Do not expect to be treated fairly or equitably.
Advice: None
Pros: The only positive is you are paid well, although you are expected to sacrifice work life balance for the company.

Cons: Lots of work to do
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and pay is high

Cons: Management has no idea what they're doing. Trying to compete with Tesla but has nowhere near enough innovation or production to compete.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work like balance and teams.

Cons: Trust is not there between leadership and employees
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of teams are there so moving across the company is an opportunity.

Cons: work life balance does not exist
Advice: None
Pros: pay you enough to keep working no matter how unhappy

Cons: Constant reorganization within the company and old people working at the company
Advice: None
Pros: The technology is very innovating and the work life balance is great

Cons: Working there it was poor leadership and I wish we really did get mentors.
Advice: None
Pros: I believe the experience I had was decent for a junior level I guess, the pay was really good.

Cons: Some of the processes and applications are archaic. They're just starting to get into true software agility. The applications that we build don't seem to have a clear vision. Requirements can be convoluted and overly complicated. Product owners aren't aware of the latest capabilities and clean design. Product owners are busy with other things and treat the applications they own as a side project.
Advice: Know the customer better. Resist appeasing a small subsection of our user base with complicated requirements. Place more precedence on creating products that serve our customers. Put more thought behind the overall direction. Put more thought behind creating a product that's actually useful and delights the customer. Consolidate repetitive effort across applications.
Pros: People are fantastic and easy to work with. Very little toxicity. Everybody just wants to do a good job and get the work done. The workload is quite manageable if you're smart (pay is lower as result). There's a lot of new momentum in the organization to become a high quality software company. Good benefits.

Cons: Senior leadership team is out of touch. Office setting is too crowded and you will not have an assigned desk. Have to put in way to much time or change jobs every year to get a promotion.
Advice: Let us work remotely, we've proved we can and making us come in again feels like a punishment. After 5 years I'm over this place.
Pros: Good place to start a career, but advancement is limited

Cons: Lot of work for low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Fair when it comes to benefits and flexibility

Cons: Senior Leadership, in person working conditions are very crowded and no assigned seats in many areas, and lack of work life balance. You will often be doing the work of 2-3 people.
Advice: None
Pros: The salaries and benefits are solid.

Cons: Hours in plant positions can be long, lack flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits compared to most companies in terms of PTO, paid family leave, healthcare

Cons: overwhelming work levels with recent departures
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and interesting work

Cons: no remote work, lot of negative org changes
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay, WLB, nice people

Cons: Constant restructuring will have you changing teams like musical chairs every few months. It's hard for all the different managers to keep track of your accomplishments as you move around.
Advice: None
Pros: They really do software development right, don't ask you to wear multiple hats, protect from scope creep, etc.

Cons: They hired me for software and they gave me a hardware job
Advice: None
Pros: Up to 10% match on 401k

Cons: Constant harassment of women, poc, and non relatives. Environment is definition of nepotism and cronyism. Older workers across all divisions brag that they will make GM great again and GM is being run like the good ol days.
Advice: Every one knows how managers hire and promote each others friends and family. No one will complain because they are only at GM because people need the money and insurance.
Pros: You will have a job and insurance. You will learn how to navigate a traditional good ol boys club corporation. You will have a job for a while until you leave. You will learn how to keep your head down and do your job and go the 5U$&amp;! home.

Cons: Nothing really too negative to complain about.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work schedule. Minimal forced overtime.

Cons: Typical corporate company in terms of structure and culture
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: A great amount of indecision at a leadership level
Advice: Provide and reward growth opportunities
Pros: Culture is the best part of GM

Cons: People don't speak to you unless they know you. 
Lay-Offs.
No room for promotions.
Advice: Should really help the way they train their employees in certain areas.
Pros: Diverse and great pay with teamwork.
Will help you pay for a degree if you want one.

Cons: It is a large company, making upward movement difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people to work with, cool cars!

Cons: Working over time for the department
Advice: None
Pros: A good company with good company culture

Cons: I can't think of any yet, maybe their desk arrangement where you don't have a desk assigned to you, you have to find a place to work at the office
Advice: Don't try to get rid of older people in an attempt to get younger workforce, the older people keep the company running
Pros: work - life balance, benefits and salary

Cons: As a group leader you have no one to support you
Advice: None
Pros: Working with people and getting to know people

Cons: - lots of technical debt
Advice: None
Pros: - nurturing environment that allows you to grow

Cons: - salary is low
- career growth
Advice: None
Pros: - Great paid holidays
- flexible hybrid work

Cons: Long work hours, mandatory overtime, high stress at times &amp; communication could be better between cross functional departments &amp; shifts
Advice: Don't forget where you came from once you work your way up the career ladder. Treat everyone with respect &amp; continue to learn, grow &amp; teach.
Pros: Exceptional pay, benefits, tuition reimbursement, family atmosphere, room for advancement

Cons: Steep learning curve, make sure to take a lot of notes and consistently ask questions. (Could be seen as a pro)
If you join as contract, you may be staying contract longer than you're hoping.
Advice: Better documentation and training for new people could go a long way. Leverage the plethora of knowledge from all the experienced employees to make well reviewed how to documentation.
Pros: Good entry pay for contract. Good environment. Tons of knowledgeable coworkers.

Cons: Return to office is terrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall I love working here. The bonuses are good and the salary is okay. I get to work on a lot of different technologies.

Cons: GM is busy making a women's club in the company (DEI)  and has been only promoting women to managerial positions since the last 8 yrs. It is not feasible for one to be working in an inequitable environment for long.
Advice: Start focusing on innovating yourself rather than copying Tesla and overdoing DEI in the company
Pros: Stable, secure job. Good work environment. Pays better than its automotive counterparts

Cons: - the only con is that there has been a lot of back and forth regarding work from home policy. The moment i moved into my apartment we went back to work from home because a new strain of covid had come out. Now, it is fully back to the hybrid schedule (wasn't given much of a warning)
Advice: None
Pros: - teamwork and collaboration 
- great work/life balance 
- flexibility with scheduling 
- managers listen to you and your wants

Cons: Pay is not nearly what you'd expect &amp; will never be a high paying company again. Work life balance does not exist anymore. 50 hours is a slow week now
Advice: None
Pros: Pros have decreased heavily within the past year. Your experience really depends on the team you are on.

Cons: Senior leadership operates in a different reality
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers make it a good time

Cons: Not really anything negative to include.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of flexibility, great work environment as well as opportunities.

Cons: Toxic disconnected culture to work in. Very little if any strategy, just tactical week by week plans that change often.
Advice: Need more strategy to drive execution. Way to many fires to fight on any given day based on the priority of the week. Very difficult to environment to work in. The data and analytics space is an absolute mess.
Pros: The are very DEI focused
Pay fairly well

Cons: worktime, leayoffs, stressful, didn't learn alot
Advice: None
Pros: pay, benefits, salary, coding, stuff

Cons: Way too much drama and infighting (back-stab). GM, as a company, is struggling to grow. Diversity in management positions is minimal.
Advice: Most of the managers (mid, senior, director, and executives) need to grow up. This isn't high school.  Leave the drama far behind.
Pros: Benefits are the best in any organization that I have worked in. Big organization, so ability to transition to different roles and stay within the company is great.

Cons: Some plants have a toxic work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity for moving around in the company.

Cons: - Slow Pace
- Tough to get involved in bigger projects
Advice: - Promote younger people quicker
Pros: - Encouraging Management
- Room to Grow

Cons: Whole Arizona Office was closed without merit replacement
Advice: None
Pros: GM has always been pro work life balance since the day I started. Always made sure I am taking my time off and not working to late. Most holidays will get a half day off before and many others

Cons: Projects can change often for software engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Fully remote positions are available

Cons: You’re really going to work for your money and it could be tiring
Advice: Good management
Pros: They have very good benefits, great hours, and pay

Cons: Small groups
Far from the city
Advice: None
Pros: Good Environment
Good Pay
Improve Skills

Cons: Bureaucracy, too many egoistic people, we have to always be acknowledging and sing to their tunes, otherwise loose the job.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of opportunities, leading technologies used. 

Cons: Lots of middle management and that old guard automotive culture
Advice: Keep working to modernize the company
Pros: Good company and good pay

Cons: As a Group Leader you are over worked.
Advice: None
Pros: The salary is very competitive.

Cons: Slow increase in pay and promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good team

Cons: Terrible management 
Terrible organization 
Terrible ceo
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay 
Good benefits
Great PTO

Cons: Long hours ( but it’s fine )
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to grow

Cons: It is located in warren.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture, and good reputation

Cons: Reviews are strictly based on perception versus actual performance facts even when they stress it is Job Performance based.
Advice: Management needs to be better trained on what performance is and to put aside personal agenda for the success of the business.  Misuse of Management power can ruin employees careers without merit.
Pros: Good pay range for the positions available.

Cons: Move around a lot
Region matters
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Team environment
Good pay

Cons: Still adapting to new ways of business
Advice: None
Pros: The Culture is amazing there

Cons: Hostile Workplace
Poor Managers
Pay is inadequate for work done
Toxic Work Environment
Too much corporate crap
Targeted lay offs are an annual thing.
Advice: Be honest with your team, don't lie for the sake of your image. After months of being told I was doing great, I was hit with a lay off because of performance. I was set up to fail and was lied to about my standing.
Pros: Entry into the field.
Affordable Insurance Policy

Cons: Bureaucracy - it takes too much time to move the needle, make decisions. Needs to be a priority on improving technology and efficiency in HR.
Advice: None
Pros: The People, Benefits, Pay, Time off are all very competitive to generous.

Cons: Difficult to be promoted
Nepotisim
Some of the changes I do not understand
Advice: None
Pros: Great hiring package
Company car
Constant certifications

Cons: You will have to work the off shifts.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. There is plenty of opportunity to learn. The work is highly structured.

Cons: Needing more guidance in what’s expected
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: A bit hard to move up, lateral moves for days.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable
Fun industry
Company car
401k
Bonus

Cons: No clear road of promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: New leadership is coming in from big tech and making big changes. I don't know if the wants will occur due to being an automotive company.

Cons: Sometimes the teams are difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and great work culture

Cons: I have no suggestions at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Company stability is a great selling point

Cons: Pretty much everything. Upper management, No more Work from home, very low pay, new unforeseen pressures being added every day, and many many more cons.
Advice: None
Pros: The people at the low levels are very nice

Cons: A lot of changes happening pursuant to the vision of Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions, Zero Congestion by 2035
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful company with cutting edge innovation and collaboration culture. Core behaviors really make this company and its employees among the best in the world. Excellent benefits and performance bonuses. Everyone you meet will be excited to work with you and forge solutions.

Cons: Seems to be a lack of value by the organization regarding HR.
Advice: Do a better job of benchmarking how like industries staff and support employees with HR resources.
Pros: Good compensation, lots of opportunities to move around laterally.

Cons: typical corporate world. struggles with work/life balance overall.
Advice: None
Pros: strong mentors, lots of room for growth and movement throughout the company, lean in as much as you want.

Cons: Management has not evolved with the improvement in talent.
Advice: Most managers were just successful at their previous role. This does not make them good at managing a team or interacting with stakeholders.
Pros: Quality of hires is higher than previous years.

Cons: Fired unpredictable long hours meow
Advice: None
Pros: Good happy benefits money consistent

Cons: Ambititous to a fault.
Over responsibility delegation
May end up carrying a few people if your good at your job.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid Structure and knowledgable Project managers

Cons: There are no cons to share.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a very collaborative work environment

Cons: ..It is Exactly what you would expect from a 100 year old company.
Advice: None
Pros: My team was great, and GM was fine. Exactly what you would expect from a 100 year old company.

Cons: The culture has really went down hill
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, decent salary, good people

Cons: Large company with political undertones for furthering career opportunities. Stagnant and outgrowing roles can be common.
Advice: Continue to put employees careers first. Give direction and outlook on what a growing career will look like.
Pros: Benefits. Work-life balance. Flexibility. Growth and development programs.

Cons: Job Security. Not sure how long i'll have a job.
Advice: Let the dust settle before making drastic changes
Pros: For non-software engineering roles, employee pay is pretty good, Probably best in the state of Michigan for the automotive industry at least. For the role specifically, it largely depends on your group/title for what software you'll be using.

-good pay
-good benefits (salary starts at 3 weeks and at 2 years you get 4weeks)
-17 holidays (including shutdowns)

Cons: - Recently many experienced employees left due to a voluntary severance package leaving a huge knowledge gap - An entire office of 900+ laid off due to IT office shutdown that supported GM's main online presence - Seems to be trending towards outsourcing software - With layoffs workloads have increased and has made working at GM not worth it for the average pay - Upper management has not taken feedback well on return to office - GM hyper focuses skill sets so it might be tough to gain exposure with many tools or be a true full stack engineer
Advice: Do not lay off an entire office before at least identifying the critical projects those people support. You may have just hamstrung your entire vehicle inventory online presence for dealers and customers without knowing.
Pros: - Good recognition program - Bonus payout has been great - Good relocation package

Cons: Lower pay
Bad management
Bad bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Decent WLB
Good vacation
Good benefits

Cons: Toxic Managers are never held accountable.
Advice: None
Pros: I learned more working here than anywhere else and would not be where I am not had it not been for the opportunities I received while at GM

Cons: Too many hours and not enough pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for especially if you are trying to grow financially

Cons: Lots of changes are happening and communication from senior leadership is low.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance and great team members to work with.

Cons: Like with many corporate environments roles usually seek many years of expertise before being considered The company has pushes a diversity and inclusion effort but hasn't been too successful following through with the strategies to the point the the CDEI officer is no longer in that position and the DEI office basically fell apart.
Advice: Actually have a more open and diverse way of recruiting. Stop gatekeeping opportunities for diversity hires, it also includes diverse experiences , not just tone of color.
Pros: GM loves an Engineer. With an Engineering degree you can move around different roles within the company. Work culture is very respectful and professional (This is at the headquarters and do not have experience working at GM manufacturing plants)

Cons: For the Design Release Engineer role you are expected to own and know everything. 
Everything falls on the DRE which can be exhausting.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, and excellent culture. People
Are willing to help you and assist you when you need it.

Cons: entire department is under midpoint
Leaders do not actively promote their employees
Horrible systems and process’s in place
Advice: Promote your employees
Update/upgrade systems and process
Pros: Easy to learn the role
Nothing is too serious of a mistake
Work cross functionally

Cons: Sometimes you do have to work past 5:00 to accomidate focus groups and other events
Advice: None
Pros: I really love working here. They understand you have life outside of work, and it is just great

Cons: No stock
Weak senior management decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule 
A lot of opportunities to learn and grow

Cons: GM is on the right path and it is not an easy path. There are things that GM can control and there are things it cannot. My advice is stay the course
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Working today at General Motors require that you perform and deliver. The company is becoming more Results oriented vs. Performance oriented. If you feel you sort of like Engineering but don't love to be an engineer, then is the wrong job for you.

Cons: Managements lake of care about employees. To much work not enough workers. Answer is do more with less.
Advice: None
Pros: Depends where you work some areas still flexible on wfh.

Very DEI conscious

Cons: insanely corporate environment, you're a number - not a person, even being a high performer isn't enough to save your job, employee discount not that good, lies about layoffs "not being layoffs"
Advice: Don't lie. Be honest.
Pros: Decent salary, (previously) good WFH policies, collegial environment in many teams, very good healthcare/dental/vision plan, good work/life balance, decent PTO

Cons: Absolutely zero opportunities to get promoted.
Management will play the clock and promise opportunities that never come.
RTO are not really great.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is below average but not bad.
Lots of vacation days.
Some very good coworkers that are great to work with

Cons: Occasional scheduled weekend work requirements
Advice: None
Pros: Small staff. Great benefits and salary.

Cons: The work can be difficult and plentiful
Advice: Allow employees to utilize experience to full capacity
Pros: Great pay and plenty of opportunities

Cons: It’s hard to grow unless you network
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, bonus, flexibility, job security

Cons: Commute might be a miss
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers
Interesting projects
Good work life balance

Cons: I dont have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is encouraging and supportive

Cons: Lots of movement which can feel hard to build team chemistry. Big company so at times it can feel hard for you work to be seen. Culture identity crisis. Company tries to remain true to its glory days but also tries to be a tech company.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is good if you look for the right team/organization. Lots of push to build your career from mentors and peers. Has tuition assistance programs. Vacation system is fair.

Cons: Union employees and management does not want to change the culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and hours but they can change your time when they want.

Cons: ceo is out of touch and in office environment is unbearable,
Advice: None
Pros: The days off and benefits are alright

Cons: Your manager can have over three HR violations within the first year of working there and while those got "investigated", nothing was done to change or improve the situation. My team was the best group of developers I've ever seen, who communicated great and worked together incredibly well...yet every single one wanted to quit because every single higher-up was awful. They do so many surveys about internal culture and performance and then grill you about why they scored low. The CEO team doesn't seem to have a clue about how to run a company to get sustainable results, and I wouldn't trust buying a vehicle from this company even with the employee discount.
Advice: Treating adults like adults would go a really long way, as would going with evidence-based studies instead of following the flow of Wall Street investors' wet dreams.
Pros: Good benefits. Decent sized teams. Interesting projects.

Cons: Not cutting edge. Generally very boring maintenance type work. Often behind the times. Management clearly doesn't understand technology. Our turnover rate was high because of this. Management is terrible. There's a million layers, with each level being bigger butt-kissers than the last. The higher mid-management are obsessed with their pointless jobs and don't care about employees at all. They spend all their time making PowerPoints about nothing and wasting time with procedural nonsense. Work life balance got way worse in 2022 around the time of all the tech layoffs. Micromanagement became constant.
Advice: Give up. Sell the company to Tesla. It's over.
Pros: Work life balance was a priority up until 2022. It used to be very flexible and focused on mental health. You get to work with some large scale projects, occasionally. Lots of room for innovation, if you're ambitious and get into the right division. Decent educational perks. They encourage you to better yourself, even if it doesn't profit them. Diversity was fantastic and seemed truly inclusive. My team was mostly women and mostly non-white.

Cons: Below market pay
Recent executive leadership changes - lots of pressure on middle management lately
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefits
Good colleagues
Typical fortune 50

Cons: Bad management, C-levels are not trusted
Advice: None
Pros: Great healthcare, PTO, and W/L balance

Cons: The hard push to RTO by senior leadership team is alarming and creates bad morale
Advice: None
Pros: Company has great benefits and great working environment

Cons: no one to sweep up
Advice: None
Pros: I don't have to supply my own scissors

Cons: Rotate shifts when at the assembly plants
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities within the company

Cons: There were abundant free software evaluation opportunities, but it’s hard to bring new software in.
Advice: None
Pros: As title shows, it has good work life balance; CAE has become a critical part of engineering development process.

Cons: Upper management should be more involve
Advice: come to the floor lets spend a day
Pros: Great place to work I recommend

Cons: Almost impossible to advance in your career and upper management constantly lies about layoffs as well.
Advice: Stop lying to your employees and just be up front when it comes to layoffs and RTO changes.
Pros: Amazing team, friendly environment, and great benefits

Cons: Not a lot of clear direction from upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Culture with coworkers is good.

Cons: Too much Management with no good direction
Advice: Know the application at the bare minimum, the company possessed talents but due to bad management, nothing is done properly and new comer were lacking off support
Pros: Steady Progress but slow paced really depend on management, good people

Cons: Terrible management and you're not compensated for how well you perform. There's also no measure for how well you perform. It's likely the person who's the loudest in the room gets highest performance rating.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and great products.

Cons: Lots of corporate red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to work with different departments and learn about different areas of the business

Cons: - Nobody will advocate for you except yourself
-
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of opportunity
- Good benefits

Cons: Senior leadership has been trying to change the image of the company to imitate tech start-ups, which I think is a short-sighted mistake to pander to investors.
Advice: GM is an industrial behemoth being driven by an army of standardized beaurocracy. This has pros and cons. Don't be surprised when the ocean liner doesn't handle like a speed boat, use it to your advantage.
Pros: I'm very fortunate that I knew what I wanted to do at a very early age; design cars and trucks. If you're passionate about vehicle technology and history, GM is a fantastic place to have a career as an engineer.

Cons: Rigid work hierarchy and pay structure
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: No care for employees. Not a secure position even if you are the best in your building. Extra profits go to shareholders and never employees. Hired then had 6 more new college hires added which meant I was training people in my 3rd month working here(as a new college hire). Raises and upward mobility are not a thing here. Upper management lies on the daily. No expectation of good work/life balance.
Advice: Maybe care about longevity of the company and not what will make your next paycheck the biggest.
Pros: Hired me with no experience. Got to use the full stack of software processes from design to implementation and continued support. Great benefits.

Cons: No control over workload since it depends on allot of different groupt
Advice: None
Pros: Semi-flexible work
Able to do part of work remote
Calibration vehicles to use off-site while testing

Cons: Company layoffs made a lot of people lose their jobs
Advice: None
Pros: I love working here it is some of the best years of my life.
I had amazing benefits
I had a lot of vacation time.
A lot of sick time

Cons: Job security is lacking and there is no work life balance since there is hardly any people left.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is somewhat high and the benefits are okay if you are able to stay until you can redeem them. 
Relocation 2 years
401K Match 3 years

Cons: 24/7 operation requires working during weekends and holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits and bonus

Cons: Leadership is bad, not stable. Laid off thousands of workers in 2023. 401k is 3 year cliff vest. Not easy to move up. Can be slow/meaningless work sometimes.
Advice: GM's problem is their management all the way at the top. They don't seem to have a good direction and are just shuffling chairs on the titanic and getting government funding then still lay off people.
Pros: Lots of benefits, 16 days off + start 15 days vacation, 20 vacation days after year 2 (the year u turn 2). Amazing healthcare, solid 401k vest but 3 yr cliff. Amazing work life balance. Culture good day to day.

Cons: Lower Pay. Lots of re-orgs.
Advice: More Transparent
Pros: Very nice work life balance

Cons: Internal tools are barely alive with duct tape
Advice: None
Pros: Wlb, move internally, benefits, coworkers

Cons: TRACK program is subject to change, jobs after the rotation are not always guaranteed (they may be now for the new hires). Future is unsure at GM, can't trust SLT
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity for learning new things and being able to try on a lot of different hats.

Cons: Leadership does not prioritize making the jobs easier for the team. People are expected to be highly proficient in a increasingly complex environment.
Advice: Focus on making our jobs easier, not harder.
Pros: Very good pay for the Southeast Michigan region

Cons: I wasn't part of the layoff because I left but I know a lot of my former co-workers were laid off since the Arizona office was shut down.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team with a great manager

Cons: No work life balance at all. Constant mandatory overtime.
Advice: Communication skills need improvement!
Pros: Good money and good insurance benefits.

Cons: bad leadership, slow progression, RTO, layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance, decent benefits

Cons: Acts like an innovator, not an innovator.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was good, job was easy

Cons: senior leadership team has gone down hill since the pandemic. they forced to return to the office, and i left to pursue a different remote job.
Advice: None
Pros: There was great work/life balance during the pandemic. good pay. good bonuses. Your leader and team really can make or break your experience.

Cons: If you don't work on something that has a lot of visibility the chances of a promotion are low
You will work on things that are way outside your job description, that are other peoples 
Leadership makes strange decisions on the future direction of the company
Advice: None
Pros: If you are honest with your time estimates you won't stress yourself out.
You don't have to work overtime very often, managers are normally willing to offer time off for working weekends to resolve incidents.
You will get to work on things outside your job description, expanding your skillset

Cons: Difficult to advance without applying for other internal positions
Advice: None
Pros: Culture continues to improve and is fantastic

Cons: You will be working long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Great Leadership and great Benefits

Cons: Healthcare costs are going up
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for the amount I work

Cons: Constant organizational churn, upper management could only stick to their word for about 6-8 months ahead before changing their mind. Mobility is only guaranteed for those who do not mind leaving projects and teams behind.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits packages were stellar, plenty of vacation days, many observed holidays due to UAW influence.

Cons: Mandatory work in office
The health insurance package is not very good
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Everyone is welcome
managers are supper friendly

Cons: management is totally disconnected, lots of fake promises, lack of technical skills and lack of transparency
Advice: None
Pros: war life balance, freedom of research

Cons: Not as exciting since everything is standardized.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance with lots of support

Cons: I can't think of anything
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are amazing, great culture, workplace of choice is important

Cons: Senior leadership say seem not to care much on the impact of employers. CEO told us to assume goodness and no lay offs were happening to later on shut down an entire innovation center. New CIO who came from Apple appears tone deaf. Holds a new meeting to talk about direction and plan for the GM IT sector to completely dismiss any hard hitting questions from those affect by the shut down.
Advice: Stop lying to your employees, genuinely care for your employees. Trust has been damaged, Not sure what you're going to have to do to gain that back. Who's to say that you wont close another Innovation center or lay off more people?
Pros: Great Benefits, Great people (depending where you land), Good flexibility with work hours. Great support among team mates and direct manager.

Cons: its a 100 year company
Advice: None
Pros: trying to convert into tech company

Cons: Great company, super flexible and good management
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a great place to work if you have a family. The rotational program is good too.

Cons: Directors and up will flat lie to you about lay-offs when they know well in advance. GM has a history of mass hiring college grads for tech then using them to insource a bunch of projects then firing them before the 3-year mark so that they don't have to give you the 401k match. Once you save GM hundreds of millions by insourcing projects they do dumb stuff like go blow it on other outsourced software and services. Business is making all the dumb decisions and IT is the work monkey that makes things happen. Business often cuts off their nose to spite their face. Know these things and get out if they start to offer voluntary seperation.
Advice: stop the Hire/Exploit/Fire doom cycle. You should be better than this. Practice the GM values you so often preach.
Pros: great benefits work-life balance great mentors

Cons: Leadership is making terrible decisions that are destroying the culture that took so long to build.
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation time is amazing benefit. Lots of vacation early on.

Cons: Overworked
No Work/Life Balance
Expected to give up personal time and relationships to make the company your number one priority.
Advice: Quit firing people and not replace them. Putting the work of 5 supervisors on one single supervisor, and denying vacations since there’s no body to cover you for you to go on vacation
Pros: Great Pay, Benefits, Commute, Experience

Cons: Compensation can struggle to keep up with market but it gets there eventually
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, great people, compute resources

Cons: This place runs on opinions, documentation is generally poor, and the constant pressure to fix all the problems with machinery that should not have been accepted into the factory in the first place, is not for everyone. Most people understand who work here understand this, but that doesn't fix the problem. Processes are only taught by word-of-mouth by the one person who people think know the most about it, so consistency is a bit of a myth. The company's entire work philosophy depends on salaried employees working more overtime than is worth it for them to make ends meet.
Advice: Create training programs and clear documentation for new hires to show them exactly how you want them to run machine qualifications, whether for safety, quality, or general produciton. Show them and document clearly, what your design standards are, teach them the safety standards you hold your machines to so they will know where to find them and incorporate them into their designs, and be able to spot safety problems without it being in the middle of qualifying the machine with the local safety experts. The company is not set up for rapid turnover (employees staying &lt;3 years) that will be happening a lot more because of changing workplace dynamics. The best thing for you to do to not keep relying on tribal knowledge is document EVERYTHING.
Pros: Money is great, benefits are good too. Most of the people are nice.

Cons: Most of the negatives are being affected by big corporate decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous pay. Good benefits. Opportunity for advancement. Relatively low stress. Managers generally have your back.

Cons: Can be slow to adopt new tech stacks.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of interesting things to work on at General Motors. Name the modeling subject matter and GM likely has a project regarding it.

Cons: Obnoxious workloads. Rarely took a true vacation - even for one day. Executive Management works just as hard. It's just part of the culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Great talent within the organization, teams typically support each other and strive to do what's right for the customer.

Cons: Miss working 100% from home
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work from home 2 days per week

Cons: The culture is very toxic.
Advice: None
Pros: The Salary and OT was a pro.

Cons: N/A none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome place to work in texas

Cons: Comparatively lower salary than other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance than other companies

Cons: Auto industry? Slow moving environment
Advice: None
Pros: Loved my team, not much above that. Good benefits

Cons: Very large company, IT is bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Good 401k matching, good salary, good benefits.

Cons: No one seems to listen to you, you can have all the knowledge in the world, We have done it this ways for years. Don't talk bad about other shifts you will never go higher than a Level 6A, they know about issues but won't fix them because it would make them look bad
Advice: Raises should be based on performance not merit, if the guy sitting next to me does nothing he gets the same raise as me. even though I am a top performer
Pros: Excellent Benefits, 401k 8%, Heath care, Vacation after 3 years 4 weeks, unlimited sick time, 16 paid holidays a year

Cons: Lack of work life balance coupled with long term business outlook concerns.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary &amp; benefits, numerous opportunities for career growth, problem solving, and continuous improvement skills are fine tuned.

Cons: Very long hours, working nights, weekends constantly, and holidays. Decent pay but way below Industry standards especially for the amount of hours we put in.
Advice: The only thing i can think of is work on the pay
Pros: Great Management that understand the nature of the work. Company is surprisingly family oriented, so management always push for employees to spend time with their family Lots of exciting projects to work on. Never a dull moment. Senior Engineers are willing to teach you

Cons: You’re a cog in a machine
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great place to work

Cons: Stressed about people being fired or locations being closed.
Advice: Firing a lot of people during a big change in the industry is probably not a good idea.
Pros: Team is really nice and always helpful this include direct leadership.

Cons: Hard to get promoted or lever up
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit like yearly bonus - teamGM, paid family leave

Cons: less base salary from the market value
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and good holdays

Cons: Underpaid, high expectations, incredibly bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: PTO, Health insurance is cheap

Cons: Too much work. Need to hire more people.
Advice: Hire more people
Pros: Good benefits. Good culture. Many things to learn

Cons: Hard to move up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Good tech

Cons: Slow moving, hard to instil change
Advice: None
Pros: If you are good you will do very well/stand out. Most people are average. Work life balance is great.

Cons: Too much mid level mangaers
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits for workers

Cons: hard to get career growth and traction, lots of processes and bureaucracy that bogs you down
Advice: None
Pros: pretty good benefits and PTO

Cons: This is the most incompetent management that I have ever worked for in my 7yrs here. They want you to ask for permission to use the bathroom.
Advice: Treat people like human beings but not like children.
Pros: The pay is good but management is not.

Cons: Low pay, no advancement in career
Advice: None
Pros: good people to work with

Cons: Lots of meetings and unnecessary work. Unclear promotion path.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Lots of options.

Cons: can be political with business decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, good pay, supportive management

Cons: - Any auto company will let you go in a downturn. 
- Senior leadership lies through their teeth
- Little transparency 
- Little faith in the company
- Lots of arrogance and pride
Advice: Humble yo'self
Pros: - Work life balance
- Wide access to interesting tech
- Relatively innovative
- Great coworkers and culture

Cons: There were a lot of re-organizations and restructuring going on, even now
Advice: None
Pros: get decent pay and good benefits

Cons: -Bad for career growth
-Not much innovation happening.
Advice: None
Pros: - Good WLB
- Positive Environment

Cons: There is still bureaucracy in General Motors Korea
Advice: None
Pros: lots of motivation, learned lots of function and marketing and finance

Cons: Starting to push more and more jobs overseas
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus most years
Decent Pay

Cons: not many cons to talk about
Advice: None
Pros: Many- they are a company who does look out for employees.

Cons: Co goals for EV Not realistic
Poor launch of EV
Advice: Listen to what the buyers/customers want to buy not outside forces Gov't etc.
Pros: Freedom in the field
Make your own plan
extensive field assistance if request

Cons: the right people don't get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: - good flexibility, good PTO, good salary

Cons: The Shifts you have to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were good here and the pay was good

Cons: Low pay, they can definitely increase pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Chill, flexible, lot to learn

Cons: Not a complete meritocracy. Time at company and connections do matter. Very large so difficult to get stuff done at time, or get support. Lots of red tape and convoluted systems to use. An intense amount of time is spent on diversity, inclusion, and social issues and stuff that is non constructive to the business. The company is very politically and socially involved and that can get rather annoying if your goal is to stay out of that stuff and just help the company make great vehicles.
Advice: Focus on making a good product and less about being on the right side of social issues and popular culture. Lead with sound logic and solid engineering instead of just following TESLA all the time and trying to win over wall street in a reactive manner.
Pros: GM values family time and work life balance, for the most part. Typically a very open and accepting company, very large with good pay and benefits. A good amount of opportunity, for the most part. Less favoritism and more intelligent workforce than other OEM's, in my experience.

Cons: Big company processes, takes long to move things arround
Advice: None
Pros: access to Cutting edge tools and knowledge

Cons: Politics sometimes get in the way of making sound decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, diversity and inclusion

Cons: -Some managers run you into the ground 
-Not getting paid enough but great benefits
Advice: None
Pros: -Many technologies and things to learn
-Great people to work with

Cons: Frequently changing organizational structures, low &amp; mid level priorities.
Advice: Focus less on where people work and more on how teams are meeting performance metrics.
Pros: Priority is placed on teamwork and collaboration. Well communicated and articulated high level company goals.

Cons: Hierarchical organization and associated processes may slow down the pace and progress. But set up in way to achieve a quality product
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay
Great work culture
Leadership involvement with employees

Cons: A lot of favoritism goes on here. If someone doesn't like you in Labor or the union it can be rough.
Advice: You should not be willing to ruin someone's ability to get their time in to retire because of something 1 person has against them. You should look at what others say about them &amp; how good a worker they have been for this company. It's comical you want hourly workers that get violent with the supervisors. I guess a worker that uses the bathroom in a drinking fountain is worth more than a worker that has far more common sense to know that is a health hazzard. I would have thought a company like GM doesn't want worthless people but I have seen so many times they do. I was let go in May of 2017. I have tried to return to body shop but the union will not help me. They tell me lie after lie. The union negotiations brought back employees that had been terminated. I can't get the union to talk to me or tell me why I'm being treated badly.
Pros: Good pay. Benefits are ok. Most of the people here are great. There is a few that act like 5 year olds. The Union is great except for 1 or so that screws with people by throwing out the grievance they had wrote up. No grievance nothing to negotiate to bring them back

Cons: Pay can be better for sure
Advice: None
Pros: It was a nice experience

Cons: RTO, the hoops you have to jump through to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and pay

Cons: Lack of direction from leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Good job but depends on manager

Cons: I cannot find a bad thing
Advice: None
Pros: a really good and well pay company

Cons: Management was obsessed with metrics and not with how exhausting constantly taking phone calls and chats could be especially for such a big company with lots of tech issues. Lack of advancement and transparency when it comes to promotions and movement into other companies (despite recruiters saying there was lots of mobility). Low pay, could barely save up. Some people are prone to backstabbing. My team was restructured/decimated after I left and merged into another IT support team.
Advice: Pay your people better and give them more opportunities to move up and move around.
Pros: Good camaraderie overall (some exceptions). Some team leaders are good people and will treat you like a human being. Can learn a lot on the job. Work usually ends when shift ends so you rarely take work home with you, even if sometimes you may be on call.

Cons: Layoffs definitely brought morale down
Advice: None
Pros: Decent money for amount of work

Cons: You wait a long time for stuff to get done because it goes through so many people
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance was good

Cons: Less salary compared to other companies
Advice: Diversity
Pros: Good work culture here in GM

Cons: Big beuracracy and slow decision making process
Advice: Great job
Pros: Pay, culture, people, benefits, discounts

Cons: Won't let you schedule off doctor appointments like most companies.  You must have time available or they won't allow you to go to your appointment,

Unable to attend family functions due to limited time off.
Advice: You should encourage employees instead of threatening their job or position.
Pros: Better wages with new contract
major company
401k
Healthcare

Cons: It's challenge to get promotion if staying in the same group.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is very good. Collogues are very friendly and willing to help.

Cons: So much sexism they should be happy I didn't sue them. My direct manager was the worst of it. He also expected me to work 6am-6pm every day and had zero understanding of technology or what I did. The entire structure was a mess. GM wants to insist that all these layoffs weren't layoffs to try and save their reputation, but they're harming all their former employees by doing so.
Advice: Maybe you should actually investigate HR reports. Also, Maybe don't let go of great employees? Shouldn't be that difficult.
Pros: My team lead was great. He doesn't work there anymore though because GM made some incredibly stupid decisions. The health coverage was nice, but 401k and tuition reimbursement don't mean much when the company lays you off before paying you.

Cons: members are a handful, commission has too many stipulations
Advice: None
Pros: kinda laid back can be busy at times. great team leads

Cons: -unacknowledged "up or out" culture". This may be recent. -internal tendency to allow individual contributors to become technically obsolete. -There is a toxic tendency to hoard (not share) information. -cross-functional transfers can be professionally very dangerous.
Advice: Hire more managers from outside the company, maybe from different industries. The information hoarding culture is especially toxic in that it seems to have been historically rewarded, and probably can't be fixed internally.
Pros: - above average pay and benefits - fantastic education benefits

Cons: difficult to get anything done with legal red tape and collaboration issues, greenwashing, human rights issues
Advice: pay all employees a living wage
Pros: big organization with great benefits

Cons: Slow to get things done with a management that seems more focused on how the company looks (for investors) than what the company produces.
Advice: Focus on getting the best products possible because they have good engineers to do so...
Pros: Good employment benefits and relatively stable

Cons: Leadership should become more technical
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits package and compensation

Cons: Entire Az branch laid off
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and facility. Good atmosphere with kind management

Cons: There are alot unnecessary meetings that can burn you out
Advice: Eliminate unnecessary meetings. Bring back work from home
Pros: Laid back environment. Experience depends on your manager and team

Cons: Low advancement possibilities compared to tech
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and hours

Cons: compensation slightly below average for equivalent tech work
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and fun work.

Cons: No Cons that I ever experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: I spent 15 years at GM and loved every minute of it. I'm happy to have had an opportunity to work at GM.

Cons: Upper management expects you to live, eat, and breathe GM. Most of them climbed the ladder based on the “good ole boy” system.
Advice: None
Pros: Bonuses… yeah that’s about it

Cons: Mandates come down with no data or explanation (especially changing their minds about working from home/working appropriately). Many of the mandates also come across as rumors that are never defined, but still must be followed. Communication is very dependent on whether you have a good boss or not.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, some teams are wonderful to work with.

Cons: Requires to be on site 3 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: 12 weeks paid parental leave

Cons: The upper management was poor and short-sighted. They failed to communicate with those below them, and frequently made rash decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: My team members and those I worked with directly were always on top of things and easy to get along with.

Cons: I have no cons about company.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot from them and other employees were great.

Cons: Work is work not sleeping
Advice: None
Pros: Cars are neat and fun

Cons: Pay is below average and early salary increases often less than inflation.
Advice: None
Pros: Many teams have a great work culture that makes coworkers a pleasure to work with

Cons: Slow work style, can’t adapt to the quick evolving market conditions and keep the new EV competition.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance; good leadership team;

Cons: Expected to work long hours, and poor work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Exposure and Pay

Cons: Confusing direction or guidance from leadership team
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed environment
Able to move to different teams easily

Cons: Union conflicts with operating efficiently and improving the bottom line.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, stability and work life balance.

Cons: No cons at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and great pay.

Cons: Lots of OT, not great work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, good people, build cool stuff

Cons: Pay will be far below average if you start here and don't get offers elsewhere
Advice: None
Pros: High chance of being on a team that is low stress.

Cons: Arizona IT Center was closed. Frustrating overall company leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, direct leadership and team environment.

Cons: With new leadership and constant talk of cutting cost, as well as UAW demands, it can be a little stressful
Advice: None
Pros: 17 to 20 holidays a year plus many vacation days (I get 25 days). Medical benefits is great. 401k matching is top notch

Cons: low pay, and luck of the draw with the teams
Advice: None
Pros: low stress, and not a lot of work

Cons: You are not allowed to Endorse your LinkedIn GM Colleague. GM goes by numbers and treat you as machines. Not so good compensation if you go for Patenting. Below Average Salary benchmark for the current growth. Managers with poor leadership qualities, biased and no clear communicators, they use you as much as possible then begin to show the Carrot to direct you using the "Horse and Carrot Method". No growth in hierarchy. Managers don't understand the team members individual skills. Drives the results the way they want it. Don't believe the existing work life balance reviews. Contain the employee concerns within the company and slowly manipulate. Unexperienced HRs that get easily influenced to managers. They make sure your compensation for higher studies never get used by keeping your busy beyond work hours. However much you deliver. There is always a QUESTION "WHY THAT WAS NOT DONE !" Clearly shows that Management has no involvement or understanding your work. ( Plays the BLAME GAME ! ) SAVE YOUR TIME &amp; ENERGY ! (You need to think Twice or Thrice here.)
Advice: Can improve diversity in recruitment as managers bring in resumes frequently biased from their native city especially from outside of USA. Listen to new skills and give them freedom, Learn to stop favoring the employees just based on their years in GM.
Pros: Company for workaholics, those who have no family, bachelors. Just a brand name in your resume. Test your patience and energy level. Teaches your management and how works it can be. You will be the SUBJECT ( hope you can visualize, what this means ).

Cons: Salary is on the lower side
Promotions happen based on years of experience and not necessarily performance
Advice: None
Pros: Really smart colleagues
Great Benefits
Relaxing work environment

Cons: Bonus compensation changed too frequently
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, great friendships, great customers

Cons: Large, old company that can be slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: 16+ paid holidays; 3 weeks vacation to start with 4 after two years; large company that feels small as your network grows; big emphasis on rotations and extracurriculars

Cons: Looook at it or go to sleep.
Advice: pay more for people that look out for your stuff.
Pros: I have no clue what to say.

Cons: Networking was unessecarliy restricted, a trend I. oteced throughout
Advice: None
Pros: Gym was great
Fun experience
People were friendly

Cons: Can be hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and pay

Cons: 401k doesn’t vest until 3 years
Management is constantly flip flopping
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are honestly great

Cons: GM focused on college new hires and had layoffs more often then what seemed right to many GM long timers.
Advice: Words are cheap, actions say who you are!
Pros: Positive Environment with Training programs offered

Cons: Not a lot of room for upward growth except on their timeline. This is a very slow timeline. They will often keep you in place and give you more responsibilities without promotion for years.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are pretty good, and your manager will care about you.

Cons: Confusing messaging between company's vision vs actions.
Career progression often challenging to move out of Individual Contributor role even when you have real separate proven experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Time off, flexibility (even with RTO mandates). The boss makes a huge difference.

Cons: Raises, bonuses and promotions are heavily based on popularity within the plant. The easiest fact is that your raise is decided 2 months before you even have an end of year evaluation (CAP isn't done for months after raises are already decided)
Advice: Develop real and tangible performance metrics to help filter out bias in decision making. Why are raises determined before performance evaluations are even looked at?
Pros: You can take many days off.

Cons: They pay low salary and hardly promote
Advice: None
Pros: They are structured and organized

Cons: Your experience will vary greatly depending on your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance depending on the team you are on. Good pay for entry level software engineers.

Cons: keeps changing orgs and no clear communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid job, great team work

Cons: Executive goals and planning is unrealistic. Few managers have recent experience of the jobs they manage. Many of them make unnecessary changes without adding value to boost their resume. Pay relative to inflation has been stagnating.
Advice: Get rid of all the “yes-men” at the top of the company who constantly condense project timing. Stop relying so heavily on CAE and then getting upset when CAE doesn’t predict failures.
Pros: Autonomy to work how I work best and wfh 4 days per week. Solving interesting problems creatively.

Cons: These are issues I faced, but it varies on team/ org basis. I felt like I was learning how not to code for the last two years. Disconnect just one level above manager. Although manager cared about work/life balance, their manager awarded recognition to employees for working 60+ hours and during vacation during an all hands call. Arbitrary deadlines before work is estimated. Lots of seat warmers who delegate but actually do nothing. Select few are leaned on to do bulk of work. Bureaucracy where leads are promoted based on tenure, and those who are actually good at coding end up leaving. The team’s Level 7 lead was supposed to help remove blockers and deep dive into code base to better support team, but could barely code and never lifted a finger. Toxic positivity leading to inability to share issues faced and chances for improving. No time for career progression, learning best practices, formal guidance from leads on pushing code and getting feedback. Leads wouldn’t even look at code before approving, which caused poor quality code and bugs going to prod.
Advice: Get organized, don’t be a yes man, actually know what’s happening o my our team and be more critical of your leads rather than assuming they are doing what they say they are.
Pros: Week off between Christmas and new years. Work with diverse group. People in other teams who are willing to help when needed. Manager was understanding and vouched for us.

Cons: No cons I found during my period working there
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Culture
Flexible
Diversity inclusion

Cons: The top brass are scumbag disgusting people who want to be a Chinese company.
Advice: Become a communist.
Pros: Good Pay and Benefits, bad culture

Cons: No big cons for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: untrustworthy place that goes back on their word
Advice: None
Pros: chill relaxed not too stressful

Cons: Want to work from home more. I get more work done at home and collaborate well remotely.
Advice: I don’t mind working longer on a given day when there is no commute. So much time is lost to commute.
Pros: Good work that I enjoy Fair benefits Generous vacation In recent years, great variable pay (aka profit sharing) Flexible work schedule (can start between 6:30 and 9 am; and work from home a few days weekly)

Cons: Could be clearer about potential compensation and company is (temporarily) a little disorganized due to the separation packages. However, everyone is on the same team and working very diligently and organization is rapidly improving.
Advice: None
Pros: Coming from the aerospace industry things move much faster here in Automotive and GM appears as a forerunner, making many good changes to change with the modern world. Great flexible hours and interesting work after the initial training period. Though the TRACK rotation program is now 1 year rotations (2 rotations) instead of 6 month (4 rotations), I feel like this is a beneficial change to settle in a do a good job.

Cons: Low pay compared to other industries
Advice: None
Pros: Nice co workers to work with

Cons: Easy to fall into career trap positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and benefits especially for a new grad.

Cons: Senior leadership has been terrible on the WFH/Return to office question and it is only getting worse. Lots of layoffs as well.
Advice: Let us WFH
Pros: I've always liked the various teams I have worked on,

Cons: Less pay and slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and life balance

Cons: Opportunities not readily available unless asked for
Advice: None
Pros: Get to see how a manufacturing site is run

Cons: Unrealistic performance expectations. It is almost impossible to exceed performance expectations.
Advice: None
Pros: Career growth, salary and benefits.

Cons: Long hours and closed plant
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good salary

Cons: Typical big company red tape stuff that you will eventually have to deal with.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and competitive pay.

Cons: Lost of churn over the past 3 years. New initiatives start but are abandoned when the going gets tough. Examples: Self Driving (Cruise), EV Rollout, Direct To Consumer in EU/CN, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products and large organizations to allow you to grow and move around.

Cons: There's a lot to unravel here. The technology is awful. Too many systems that are decaying and old. I kept hearing promises of upgrades that never came or even started. It was a very poor showing for a company as big as GM. Upper management is out of touch. They're too busy pointing the fingers on stuff not being done rather than actually trying to foster a good working environment. Nobody is on the same page and with the turnover being insane, it's not hard to see why. They'll waste your time emailing you and complaining about work that is already in progress. Be prepared to drop all of your important, more relevant work or somebody desires to complain loudly enough. Your day will be wasted by endless meetings. Out of an 8 hour workday, I would spend as many as 4.5 to 5 hours meeting with people that ultimately contributed nothing to my work in a larger sense. Since you have no decision making ability, it's pointless to listen to individuals drone on and on about nothing. Meanwhile, your work piles up and you get no reprieve. Since you're salary, you're not getting paid more and there is a subtle pressure to work outside of when you should. Yeah, they won't say it, but it's about the implication. Let's wrap this up with being slow at anything in terms of getting your computer, access to necessary technology, etc., and a nice big heap of poor training tools, leaving you feeling frustrated and helpless. Does this sound like a great work environment to anybody??
Advice: Think of every bad stereotype people have about the auto industry from top to bottom. Congrats...you live up to it in every fashion. You can also smell the entitlement and lack of work ethic all around. You will NEVER hold employees with this mentality, especially at the wages you do. But even with higher wages, it won't matter with how horrible the work culture is. You're beyond broken. Hopefully somebody above the higher level management in the department figures this out and cleans house. You've earned it!
Pros: There were very few pros about this position. It was nice to have a hybrid work schedule and the base work wasn't that difficult.

Cons: You can do well at GM by working hard and keeping your head down, but to excel you'll need to promote yourself more that you might feel comfortable with.
Advice: None
Pros: Senior leadership seemed to genuinely embody many of the 'behaviors' that GM encouraged for its employees. Many opportunities for training in technical skills and soft skills. Plenty of opportunities to give and receive recognition to/from colleagues. Professional environment. I worked with some of the most talented and dedicated colleagues I could have hoped for. Excellent benefits: Company match and company contribution on 401(k), automatic Roth conversion available on 401(k), after-tax contributions available on 401(k)- so you can contribute more than the regular limit.

Cons: They have major layoffs and hiring drives seemingly every 2-3 years. You, your manager, and everyone else is treated like a number. Top management are requiring RTO, but also closing down offices, and terminating most roles at said offices, so they are basically setting you up for failure.
Advice: You should probably make a decision to play it safe or play fast and loose with your money. Switching between the two every few years is no strategy. A company that has been bailed out of bankruptcy and didn't pay back the full amount borrowed from the Federal government, really shouldn't be this irresponsible again and again.
Pros: They do have open positions for newly graduated college students. The pay is at least on par with large consulting firms. They do provide a severance package on being laid off with strings attached.

Cons: Big organization can causes some difficulty of communication
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, Flexible, Good colleague

Cons: A lot of old methods and ideas still lead many decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and employees. Work life balance.

Cons: Managers may not know the business.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work availability, PTO policy, internal opportunities

Cons: Required to work long work weeks.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits package for employees &amp; family.

Cons: no cons to report on this roll
Advice: None
Pros: Roll is good,. Need to be a multitasker

Cons: Company promotions can be hard to come by.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work environment that values work life balance.

Cons: Such a large company, it can be very competitive and difficult to move up in leadership
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a great company culture, and so many orgs and opportunities. Once you are in, they promote moving around within the company for career development

Cons: No cons- loved the job
Advice: None
Pros: Good job &amp; treats people well

Cons: Toxic work environment in recent years with new leadership from tech industry, not knowledgeable about auto industry or treating people with trust and respect. Went from empowering leadership style to micromanaging, with abundant lay offs and buyouts, cutting loyal employees with bigger salaries. Switch to EV’s has been slow and painful.
Advice: Treat your people better, focus on trusting and empowering employees, not blind cost cutting based on big salaries, without regard for actual performance, or creating false/bad performance reviews to justify job cuts. Just cold and downright deceptive, no morals or ethics, just following the almighty dollar to keep paying the privileged upper executives and their big bonuses.  Pretty sad…
Pros: Pay was decent, good benefits.

Cons: Lots of down time in between classes.
Advice: The managers at the base level have too much power.
Pros: Exposure to lots of new software such as Sub-D, Gravity Sketch and VRed.

Cons: Growth can be stagnant if you stick to one role for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: opportunities to learn even if you want to try out different things. Good work life balance

Cons: High stress, constant changes in Leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: You won’t be bored, quick learning curve. Great benefits.

Cons: Reversal of work appropriately
Management chasing competitors vision
No care for employee mental health
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Safety is top priority

Cons: - Lots of organization changes and sometimes lacks proper team direction (depending on team)
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance - Diverse teams - Ability to change area of work if you are passionate enough and leadership always wants their employees to develop their skills

Cons: The business is cyclical and you can only sell so many cars every year for so long. The company (and perhaps the whole industry is obsessed with being Tesla) ... so we will all probably be expected to work like Tesla engineers.
Advice: The industry is trying to pull-off a massive transformation during some very challenging macro-economic conditions. Frankly I don't really see a reason why we need this many cars in general- even if we can have insane levels of EV adoption: the only reasonable way to reach climate goals is to probably have more e-bikes and public transport. Not saying cars are evil ... but Management already knows that GM (and car companies) will NEVER be able to sell as many cars as they have been able to in the past. And after the whole SDV 2.0 is successful (SLT will probably fire entire organizations until can achieve this) there will no longer be a need for the insane levels of bloat we have. So ... not really advice for management but for employees ... get out while you still can ?
Pros: Good dedicated co-workers. Good bonuses ... if you aren't Team GM Minus lolz

Cons: Finding the right job can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Hands on with many new vehicles and opportunities in so many departments

Cons: Not too much pay rise
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, supportive leadership

Cons: Easy to get stuck. Job experience and culture is entirely dependent on supervisor/leader. Treated like a "number" by a senior leader - need to RESPECT employees.
Advice: Listen to your team members - a leader who doesn't listen will be surrounded by people who have nothing to say.
Pros: Highly collaborative and amazing people who are always willing to help. Great place to grow and change careers.

Cons: Shifting senior leadership values that appear to be moving backwards in employee benefits and people focus culture.
Advice: Time to replace several senior leaders that do not reflect companies core values. Do not over reach to outside leadership that do not have direct automotive experience.
Pros: Diverse company with multiple opportunities in different US and Global markets.

Cons: Some - not all - departments can get a bit corporate political w management, but if you keep your nose up and out of it early on you have nothing to worry about. Keep opinions to yourself. But this is true anywhere. GMs a great place to work.
Advice: Listen to the workplace of choice surveys, you have great talent that may be held back by some insecure managers. Other (most) managers are so amazing and uplift those they work with. Mary Barra is an inspiration.
Pros: The people you meet, things you will learn, it’s a Fortune 500 company and working at a large company has its perks. Vehicle discounts!!!

Cons: Poor management and advancement opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Global Company with a lot of capabilities.

Cons: Senior leadership team flips back and forth on very important issues such as eturning to office (Remote vs Hybrid) work. As well as saying no further layoffs then laid all of the Arizona offices off. Doesn't give a lot of confidence in them and makes employees on their toes and anxious.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, solid pay, flexible work environment, good work-life balance.

Cons: Slower paced, large organization, limited off-cycle promotions
Advice: None
Pros: People, leadership, projects, advancement opportunities

Cons: Always up and down. 3-4 good years are often followed by 3-4 years. of decline
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with many options

Cons: Its exhausting at times physically and mentally
Advice: None
Pros: Automotive work is fun and exciting

Cons: There has been a recent change in management, that has created an undesirable working culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, and good Benefits

Cons: Not many senior developers after layoffs and relying too much on new college hires. No stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare through Henry Ford. Dental and vision availability at low cost.
Nice office area in Warren tech center.

Cons: -senior leadership is constantly doing layoffs
-senior leadership is constantly changing wfh policies and lying
-company is slow paced and using outdated technologies
Advice: quit lying
Pros: there are not any pros I can think of

Cons: Leaders are not very intelligent. They make decisions without considering the impact on those who actually do the job. It’s a good ol boys environment. If you’re a minority expect passive aggressive, discrimination from leaders and peers. No development at all. They give you projects but you can never get them done bc of lack of training or knowledge of who does what at GM. They make stupid decisions. The work is not stimulating or interesting. If you express that you’re bored you’re  given  other tedious task. Too many meetings. Meetings about meetings. Low moral from peers. The leaders on the team never take initiative. Leadership will steal your ideas and present it to the leaders as their own idea. Toxic
Advice: Resign make room for the leaders who care.
Pros: When you first start the pay is great for little work.

Cons: Senior leadership are a bunch of liars who laugh in our faces about issues and lie every chance they get
Advice: Stop lying!
Pros: Decent pay and people around us.

Cons: Uncertainty, frequent lay off and such anxiety is common. The company is not genuine in its market performance
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good pay, good location

Cons: Company doesn't follow some of the things they preach as base values.
Advice: Stop over complicating the designs of your components, and expecting projects to meet aggressive timelines that could only be met when everything goes 100% perfect.
Pros: Managers give their direct reports Autonomy.

Cons: Rumors of layoffs was around as company has decided to save 2 B in 2023 and 2024. It's pretty scary since as I'm on visa my entire existence in US depends on Job.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is my long waited employer I wanted to work for. Since I came to US back in 2017 I always wanted to work at GM. What would be the greater department to work for than EV. I got an opportunity under one of the best manager I have ever worked for. Working environment is really great here. We work in an hybrid environment and it's pretty helpful. We get to work from home most of the time and got to go to office half of the time of the week.

Cons: No stock option, Hard to get promotions at higher levels
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Opportunities to change career, Very good to college hires

Cons: I wish the pay was a little bit more
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot in my first few years

Cons: Having to deal with union workers and only getting paid a fraction.
Advice: None
Pros: Work independently, easy income, and lots of hours

Cons: There is current uncertainty in the auto industry
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a generous time off policy

Cons: Very difficult to get promoted, even with rocks tar results there is little recognition for high-performers. Their Top-Down HR Management makes you feel like a small COG in a giant wheel. Unfortunately the company doesn't do a good job at rewarding and recognizing their top achievers. Things are way too political and promotions are usually based on "Who" you know vs "What" you know.
Advice: Stop the cookie-cutter approach to Merit/Bonus/Compensation. Each employee is unique and should be managed based on the results they drive to the organization. A $10M contribution from analyst should be an automatic Promotion regardless of "Budget Constraints" or whatever political talking points HR is sending down. Be Bold and Stand Up for your people.
Pros: GM is a powerhouse in the auto industry and there are a lot of really smart people who work there. There are so many opportunities to learn just about anything. Their Finance Org is huge and they have many different rotational programs for internal development. They have a great Health Insurance Policy, really good 401K match program (2x your contribution up to 4% of your salary). Most of the people who work there are genuinely great people. I loved working for GM because there is so much flexibility.

Cons: I dont have any cons to add. GM was an excellent employer.
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance, great benefits, excellent leadership.

Cons: Company has been great to me. No cons to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Great pay and great staff.

Cons: Travel can be quite intense depending on role
Advice: None
Pros: Above average compensation for experience

Cons: healthcare offerings for salary are mediocre at best
executives constantly being shuffled around making it difficult to "be seen" and rewarded for your work
Advice: None
Pros: good 401k match
decent pay

Cons: very worried about bottom line
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, work life balance

Cons: Only con I have is they said there would be no more layoffs and then continued to have layoffs this year, including closing down an innovation center with over 900 employees, so just be aware and ready for surprises.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun projects, great work life balance and management, and great opportunity to learn new skills and technologies.

Cons: Work-life balance can suffer sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Battery program is fast-paced and full of new engineers. Great community and lots of opportunity to learn

Cons: scheduling doctors appointments are not allowed without hours available.
Advice: None
Pros: good salary when permanent and get off temporary status

Cons: Work oerfirmed can be unfullfilling
Advice: Try to streamline your processes so people can work on the small things that matter most anyways.
Pros: Working with good people everyday

Cons: There are many layers of management, with roles divided up across business divisions and job functions. This means that every action has to be reviewed and approved by a range of stakeholders; as a result, processes are methodical but nothing happens quickly. Most days feel like one is battling process and red tape, versus being materially productive.
Advice: The employee view of management is currently negative. Management has not shown an ability to steer the "ship" on a solid and stable course. Employees want to work hard but need a coherent mission to strive for and greater confidence that the work we're doing matters. It's time for management to shape up, streamline, and work harder to empower decision making by lower-level employees instead of adding even more layers of management.
Pros: Excellent pay and, in general, good teammates to work with. Many different roles and opportunities within the same company with an emphasis on career rotation, so it's not necessary to go elsewhere if you want to do something different. Taking on "developmental roles" is encouraged.

Cons: Hybrid work model 
Too many meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere 
Great teamwork 
Awesome benefits

Cons: Upper management severely disconnected, slowly taking away hybrid work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life and decent pay

Cons: leadership team could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn as long as you have a good manager

Cons: frequent changes in management and multiple re-orgs.
Advice: None
Pros: So much areas to learn

Cons: Super toxic environment where politics are dominant. Teams are working in isolation.
Advice: Please be humble and listen to advices from SMEs especially when it comes to new business that you don't have experience with.
Pros: Good salary and good benefits

Cons: The politics, it really depends who you have as a supervisor or manager
Advice: None
Pros: Best resources and benefits that I’ve received at any workplace

Cons: Leadership that is trying hard to convince everyone that a 100 year old Automotive company is actually an innovating Tech company. They went as far as bringing in a former executive from Apple. And this bootleg version of Elon Musk has decided to indiscriminately close off an entire tech center and lay off all 1000 jobs. I'm jumping ship before the iceberg crash.
Advice: You will never be Google just be a car company.
Pros: Good work life balance. Generous time off and sick leave.

Cons: Arrive early, and up to 45 mins late, leaving. Overtime on weekends was less than standard pay. Lockport facility has some great managers. It also has bad ones. If you get placed in the outs, you are on the way out. Despite setting production records and having great report with union talent on the floor, I was terminated for "not meeting productivity standards for a group leader." On exit there was no Performance Improvement Plan. While there, I was proud of the work of my team, and how I performed. I built relationships with my team of mutual respect. I was always encouraging. Unfortunately, my Area Planner disagreed with how I managed union talent. My team actually liked working under me. I twice kept my zone from shutting down by allowed specialized tube mill operators to come in late after calling in. This avoids shutting down our zone and likely parts of surrounding zones. If my Area Planner had her way she'd have person come in and walk them back out the door for 5 days. I don't know how you get parts with discipline, and no tube mill operators!? I never had a single argument there. I always addressed people as I would like to be, and always did as asked. A few Saturdays I was 'blamed' for poor production on a Saturday, even though our shift was starting with no cores to build with (previous shift product had high fail rate). It wasn't in any way logical. When I mentioned it, I was chastised for blaming another shift. How do you not? I say proceed with caution. If you no soul, you will rise to the top there. How can you "be bold" in this place!? I got numbers, respect, and brought some light to the facility.
Advice: Fight for your talent, cut away pretenders. You will be rewarded with quality parts, and happier workers all around.
Pros: Pay was high for the position

Cons: Terrible culture
Disrespectful mgmt
Poor development
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of Vacation time
Pay
Bonus

Cons: Leadership has show very little regard and outright disdain for employees this year
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, work life balance

Cons: Long hours lack of paid overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/ 401K and other benefits

Cons: There aren't any negatives in this job
Advice: None
Pros: Always treated fairly in all situations

Cons: Red tape and dealing with some ladder climbers.
Advice: Executive level: We don't need to do the song and dance routine for Wall Street. If they want to understand our company, they just need to drive our cars. Director level: Plan more before making decisions. Don't decide on something in haste only to backtrack later. This leads to burn out on the lower rungs. Manager level: Unsung heros in the industry tbh. Keep up the hard work.
Pros: The people are great, good culture and family values. Work life balance. Much higher pay and benefits than other companies of a similar pace.

Cons: Seems there is not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work environment

Cons: ...and then they needed to reduce costs, so they cut over 4000 IT workers in basically one day. I assume they were having difficulty saving enough to pay their CEO?
Advice: None
Pros: After 5 years, I finally started to feel like I was making valuable contributions to my group...

Cons: Senior leadership obviously does not care about their employees. Lack of transparency. Lots of hypocrisy.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is okay. Other workers are friendly

Cons: Be ready for a lot of organizational changes, internal restructuring, etc.
Advice: Keep up the good work, help ensure stability for teams so that relationships and team synergy built over a season don't get destroyed by frequent internal restructuring.
Pros: Strong Work-Life Balance and sufficient PTO even for entry-level roles.

Cons: Terrible management. Many layoffs currently happening which leads to huge crunch in most teams. "Doing more with less" is the core of GM right now. If you get a job at GM expect to be overworked at all times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, great benefits, unlimited sick days, 15 days of time off for the year.

Cons: career progression can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: interesting time to work in the automotive industry, which is transforming. good work-life balance.

Cons: Political Machine that requires managing your career and your story
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Benefits and opportunity to try different disciplines

Cons: Poor communication, not a lot of career advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice vacation and holidays, unlimited sick time

Cons: Easy to get stuck in some areas with no advancement. Employee evaluation methods are generic and don't allow for individual assessment.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive of new hires and management-track employees.

Cons: Executive leadership has been actively sabotaging the company culture. Positive working environment and popular policies have been rolled back or eliminated by executives try to force attrition of employees to reduce headcount. Forced return to office after years of work appropriately policy that was very popular only to sit on teams calls all day. Announcing layoffs after months of promising no layoffs Dishonesty and lack of communication from the Executive Leadership, patronizing corporate double speak. Company has a serious meeting problem. Meetings are all day everyday and scope is too broad. You are definitely treated as a number and can be eliminated at any time on the whims of executives to meet their share price targets. The longer you stay the more you pay slips being that of new hires even with promotions.
Advice: Value your employees more. When I started everyone liked working here. Over time things went from good to bad to even worse. Just treat us like adults when announcing layoffs instead of intentionally making the workplace toxic so that people leave.
Pros: Impressive Engineering Talent Large variety of roles and opportunities Friendly coworkers Great benefits and good initial starting pay.

Cons: at the moment, there's a wave of old hands taking early retirement and a profound feeling of institutional knowledge drain: this is likely true about a whole lot of companies now as the Baby Boomers age into retirement: this isn't a con about the company specifically, just an observation about demographics that is manifesting at the workplace in ways both acute and subtle. at the same time, GM is transitioning into a renewable EV future, and some of the technologies of the past are due for a makeover so the turnover in labor feels necessary too. but as a relatively new employee, I just wish I had more time to pick the brains of some of the people who have been here awhile.
Advice: None
Pros: co-workers are friendly; lot of room for lateral and promotional job changes; benefits are great; cost-of-living is low compared to the coastal cities, so the salary stretches a lot farther in Michigan; work is challenging but work-life balance is strongly encouraged

Cons: Management was poor constant overtime and playing favorites
Advice: Always remember your employees on the shop floor. Without them, you wouldn't have the luxuries you do. Pray for them always too
Pros: Good pay and insurance. Workers were awesome people

Cons: Depending on your director or manager, you were very much treated as a cog in the machine. To receive recognition or advance in your position, you had to join groups or lead additional meetings that generally did not create any real benefit for you, your team, or the company. You had to play politics and kiss up to people. Being the best at your job and helping out your team wasn't enough --they would say that behavior was simply expected. Further, for my role, new management would come in nearly every year and want to completely overhaul our work. However, each time this occurred, none of the new management cared to figure out what it is that we actually did. So they would try to force change through until they were met with complete roadblocks. But by that time, we'd get new management. All the while, we were simply told to go along with everything and not push back much. Middle management was allowed complete and total control of their organizations but their incentives did not align such that they would ever see a personal cost associated with their decisions. Finally, there is little to no room for advancement. You're either a developer on the ground getting things done, possibly a senior dev, or you're a manager. Any and all growth comes from taking on more work or joining additional projects. There is no general progress for your position unless you want to become a manager, and those opportunities are slim.
Advice: Get a solid middle management team with better interpersonal skills. Flatten the organization and give more trust to employees. Do more to decrease office politics.
Pros: The biggest pro for my particular role, as well as for many others I saw at GM IT were that once you had a good grasp on your position, the workload was very manageable. You could work as much or as little as possible and management had very little understanding of what you were doing. This is both a pro and a con.

Cons: Tight Project Deadlines: Software engineers usually face tight project deadlines. They must put much time and effort into meeting this project deadline pressure. It can be stressful to deal with multiple projects, deadlines, and unexpected bugs.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: If you're someone who likes to learn new things, software development can be a rewarding field. You'll learn new programming languages, new ways to use old languages and new tools to make development easier. In addition, you'll be able to learn new things about the industry you are working in.

Cons: Growth and salary are low
Advice: None
Pros: Team I work with is awesome and supportive

Cons: horrible pay, lack of empathy, lack of structure
Advice: None
Pros: interesting projects, personal development, nice manager

Cons: Communication could improve every day
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and  great people

Cons: Company lay-offs had us all on edge for months because we didn't know exactly when it would happen and we didn't know who would be laid off. While I was lucky to survive the layoffs, our managers and senior developers weren't so lucky and we were left without guidance. Most of my team that was left were new-hires who were left to pick-up the pieces with no knowledge transfers since the lay-offs meant immediate termination. For months, we had no local manager to check up on us and were haphazardly reorganized a couple times before a local manager was finally assigned to us.
Advice: None
Pros: Most of the people I worked with were great, but 3 out of 4 managers I had were people I never want to work under again due to poor leadership.

Cons: This company is subject to market trends and recessions due to the nature of car sales. They have laid off many people usually during economic down turns
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with good pay and excellent benefits. Even though they do have old tech stack (Oracle, main frame, etc.) they still used modern frameworks as well like Angular, NgRx, Java, Spring Boot, Microsoft Azure, etc.

Cons: Tech felt dated at times, large corporate structure burdens, salaries are not fully in line with the market, and at the whims of UAW despite not being a union employee
Advice: None
Pros: Positive coworkers, good work life balance

Cons: Lack of budget in areas that need to be prioritized.
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership team seems to really want to do right by the employees.

Cons: It can take a lot of effort to work around the 'old ways of doing things'.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, good people, well funded.

Cons: I joined as a female working on a team of all males and they didn’t acknowledge me. I also got no training or development after hearing all about the “New College Hire” program while interviewing.
Advice: If you tell interview candidates that there’s going to be a lot of training and mentoring, actually do that when they start the job
Pros: Work life balance Not high stress

Cons: Outdated IT applications, constant restructuring
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, pay, flexibility, vacation, global company / a lot of opportunity

Cons: Hiring Surges followed by layoffs Lack of Promotions for contract to Direct Hire Better to be on mangers list of buddy's (you'll definitely know if your not) Nepotism = Passover on a lot of dedicated/talented people Upper level managements complete disconnect from every day workers
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment - Fantastic Coworkers (IMO) Coworkers are exceptionally helpful (DECADES of knowledge to tap into) IT is pretty top notch when you have a problem Insurance and retirement package better than industry low level standards (7% match on 401k)

Cons: Could be lots of travel
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and paid time w

Cons: lot of work to do
Advice: None
Pros: very considerate and good pay

Cons: There were a lot of lay offs and VSP in 2023 (I may be jaded since I'm a part of the Arizona layoffs), despite the company making . The environment is way to volatile currently to be underpaid.
Advice: Don't underpay your developers then expect them to pick up the slack when you lay off an entire Innovation Center.
Pros: Every single person I worked with were amazing people. The people were why I wanted to continue working here.

Cons: Work some weekends and long hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun job. Hard work. Room for growth.

Cons: Still manufacture very expensive ICE vehicles not affordable by even GM employees. Heavily lag technologically compared to Electric Manufacturers. Heavy layoff culture with lot of bureaucracy and politics.
Advice: Hire and retain good tech talent and pay them well. Don't over hire and layoff the people. every 3 years.
Pros: Trying to innovate but not at the pace of its competition and languish heavily from technology and software capabilities in their products.

Cons: Culture change has been 180. They still talk about it but doesn't seem leadership follows it. Not a lot of room for improvements as they want to move people laterally to not pay them more and keep them on a job at the level longer.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits on all fronts.

Cons: The executive decision making is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance at GM was good

Cons: Could be laid off with no notice
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues are great to work with

Cons: Bureaucracy, change in direction, layoffs, executive doublespeak
Advice: None
Pros: Company benefits are good. If we ever get our act together, we can build really important things.

Cons: N/A NA NA NA NA
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good pay, benefits, and flexibility

Cons: Sometimes the job gets demanding.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are better than what many companys offer.

Cons: Management, Leadership, atmosphere, environment hostile
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Leave, PTO, medical, insurance, benefits

Cons: Some employees are stuck in their ways and try to keep job security which slows down innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Annual Bonus if meeting requirements Room for growth, especially out of college

Cons: I have a medical condition that keeps me from doing 100% of the "jobs" we perform at my plant, and it isn't fair to the rest of the workers. They also frown on me because of how many appointments I have. I am honestly not trying to make myself sound bad, but I should be doing a job I'm capable of, not keeping someone capable of doing the job that is needed. There is a great divide in my plant between skin colors, and management doesn't seem to want anything to do with the rising tensions and hostility at the plant. It is my belief that management should be the bridge that holds the bonds of work together and animosity between workers should be squashed at the door, not to hindering production.
Advice: The opinions of employees should be taken into consideration. When you work in an environment where you don't feel valued productivity falters, if the employees feel appreciated and listened to, productivity greatly soars
Pros: I like some of the team building activities my department does, as well as the new technology that my department is working with. Gm has come a long way, there's is a long way to go, but the work is worth it.

Cons: Do not like to promote. Favoritism!
Advice: Listen to your team and not be such not-it-alls!
Pros: Great pay compensation and benefits!

Cons: Too big, hard to get promotion without changing position
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, team performance is good

Cons: Vision of company changes are not going well.
Advice: Be realistic
Pros: Excellent benefits and work-life balance.

Cons: upward mobility is for their favorites
Advice: None
Pros: The people are willing to support your growth

Cons: You will never have seniority
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment 
Good benefits

Cons: Senior leadership doesn’t care about their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with on your team.

Cons: Old GM is back. Leadership is condescending and rude. They don’t care about what employees want.
Advice: None
Pros: The one pro, work appropriately, was taken away.

Cons: ZERO work life balance and horrible upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and comp package is outstanding

Cons: Senior leadership is out of touch with its workers, backpedaling on a lot of earlier policies, including WFH to mandated RTO
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are very competitive, with decent work life balance

Cons: They will lay you off without warning.
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work schedule, good benefits.

Cons: There was nothing that I didnt like.
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly work environment, you get your own project even as an intern. Its very dynamic.

Cons: I can't think of any so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity for new supply chain professionals. Excellent compensation, benefits, culture, and work-life balance, especially for those just out of college.

Cons: Parking shifts management and location
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work and frequent breaks

Cons: Messy factory life with little outside life time unless you burn vac days or sick days
Advice: Train management more before throwing them to the wolves
Pros: Great Pay and mediocre benefits

Cons: Not all senior leaders are aligned with the Company values and priorities, what have been deteriorating the environment, engagement, culture and results.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a great infrastructure and good values as foundation

Cons: No official training available. A lot of on-the-fly training.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay / Benefits. Yearly Bonus.

Cons: with restructuring everyone is "challenged" to "step up" and do more work, sometimes equivalent of 2-3 people
Advice: None
Pros: its fine. its consistent work

Cons: Very few negative experiences. Great deal of learning experiences.
Advice: Continue to push for diversity and wage leader.
Pros: Over 20 years experience managing quality systems and inspection groups

Cons: Pay is lower compared to other big tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Many spaces to move and learn from, work life balance is good.

Cons: The business is very difficult to work with. They believe that they have the hand over the IT team. They make decisions and when it fails, they blame IT, and when it succeeds, they take all the credit. Inclusion is too high that impacts high performers.
Advice: Value your high performers and protect them from the business.
Pros: Good pay, good bonus, great people to work with, flexible hours

Cons: Your salary is not increased with inflation.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are pretty good.

Cons: Very difficult to get promoted within your team, even if you excel. You will need to apply for a new position if you want to level up.
Advice: None
Pros: Some teams/managers are really fantastic. Great benefits.

Cons: Too many politics within management.
Advice: Reward the hard workers and promote the ones who have consistently been getting things done, rather than the favorites.
Pros: The bonuses are pretty good.

Cons: They closed an entire location in 2023... 940 people lost their jobs. This was after we were told there would be no more layoffs that year.
Advice: None
Pros: They have great benefits: 401k match up to 4%, 16 holidays and 20+ PTO, solid health insurance. Work/life balance is great, but that also depends on the team you work on.

Cons: "That's a career-limiting move" is a common thought at GM. Many are risk-averse so company progress is slowed.
Advice: Realize it's not the 1900's anymore. Whether it comes to how to conduct business or how you treat your employees
Pros: New leadership will help GM reinvent itself

Cons: Affected by the GM AZ layoffs. Morale killer. SLT practices rules for thee, not for me.
Advice: Be upfront with your employees and if you're going to require a mandate, y'all better follow the same practices. There is no reason why y'all are WFH while we have to be in office.
Pros: Learned great skills and I believe that this will prepare me for a great next position.

Cons: Senior Leadership does seem lost at times, as Standards and processes constantly change, leaving your head on a swivel.
Advice: None
Pros: The work teaches you about the software development lifecycle and also how to use company process to comply with standards. The people I have interacted with has been great too. It makes GM the Workplace of Choice in software development.

Cons: unclear career path and takes long to be promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative working environment and nice colleges

Cons: Project requirements are not realistic at times.
Advice: In depth review and improvement strategy is required for overall infrastructure to move quickly.
Pros: Get to work on what you are passionate about if you are into cars/trucks.

Cons: Hard for your work to shine outside of your immediate team due to large pool of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for growth in your skillset as well as organizational promotions

Cons: Company strongly suggests for people located in Detroit area.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of opportunities at the company

Cons: Trust in senior leadership is gone. CIO/CFO stated early 2023 there will be no layoffs. One month later over 500 employees terminated. Nine days later, voluntary separation program announced. Last month an entire IT physical location shut down with no notice, impacting almost 1,000 employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Fair compensation, generous holidays and vacation.

Cons: However, this comes with slow career growth, lack of opportunity to move within the company and a bunch of political games being played that stunt initiatives from actually being accomplished. Also there were several times where we found other teams working in a silo and were always shocked they never pulled us in
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers amazing benefits, a high salary, and a company car for managers and above. It is absolutely incredible what you receive for working at this company.

Cons: Instability especially with autonomous vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: Stalwart in the auto industry

Cons: Return to office mandates for no good reason Varying culture and attitude depending on department and manager, big company so many different types Usually on the slower/older end of technology unless the team is totally new
Advice: None
Pros: Secure, very hard to be fired Good WLB depending on manager and department Lots of benefits including tons of vacation (not unlimited though) and plenty of discounts on things you wouldn't expect

Cons: The year that i was there they had a lot of layoffs, and they all happened unexpectedly. It caused most to have hard feelings toward the leadership for not being transparent.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are amazing! I loved the family leave after my daughter was born. Time off was encouraged. The support to learn my job was there from day one.

Cons: * GM could absolutely afford to pay their software developers better. GM has some lofty ambitions in its current transformational state but does not compensate to match these ambitions. * Changed the definition of Work Appropriately, which allowed team management to decide whether or not it's necessary for their group to work in the office. Upper management will be mandating all teams to return regardless of the team's needs. This was the one benefit that made GM competitive in tech. They will absolutely have a harder time attracting/retaining good talent with this move. * Experience varies from team to team * Many best practices for software development are ignored * Top performers are not rewarded * Weakest performers can skate by without any repercussions
Advice: I keep hearing upper level management talk about recruiting top talent in the tech space from companies like Google, Meta, etc. If you're really serious about that, I would highly recommend taking a serious look at the pay structure and benefits package. GM's pay in the tech space is hardly competitive.
Pros: * It's a good place to start your career * Decent work/life balance (does depend on your team) * Nice benefits package, matching 401k (up to 8%), good health insurance, decent amount of pto, etc. * Company is in a transformational state and has potential when it choses not to squander it. * Yearly bonus can be generous

Cons: pay increases were minimal unless applying for new job within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, work life balance, and decent pay for new hires

Cons: locations are limited. Required in office 3 days per week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to Work DE&amp;I is taken very seriously but has not progressed to reverse racism. Both management and co-workers are respectful Everyone is extremely rational and intelligent and there is no erratic/sociopathic behavior. Compensation is great. I get full healthcare PPO for $20/month and bonuses for staying active and receiving physicals.

Cons: Travel required, contract negotiations, and uncertainty in regards to job security
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, competitive salary, growth opportunities, and good core values.

Cons: Bad leadership. Poor business decisions that don't align with company values ( e.g. calling back remote workers, discontinuing affordable EVs in place of Larger more expensive EVs.
Advice: revisit your core values and mission. Understand that some things are bigger and more important than just profit.
Pros: Good Work life balance. People are passionate about work.

Cons: Minimal work life balance depending on which group you are working with
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and 401k is good

Cons: Despite the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we were required to report to the office three days a week and work for eight hours while wearing masks, creating an uncomfortable and challenging environment. Furthermore, the fast-paced nature of the work environment, coupled with the negative reviews from our manager and the frequent layoffs every two years, has created an unsettling sense of instability. To add to the stress, there is no work-life balance, and there have been no opportunities for growth or promotions in the five years I have been with GM, which is true for the rest of my team as well. We were being told not to give references or recommendation on linkedin to team member who got laid off which kind of upset me as their culture is worst.
Advice: what the point of giving advise when they have never changed.
Pros: Only Pro I can think of they have whole week of Christmas shutdown and it will not use your vacation

Cons: Tends to be too much management in most departments.
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive work environment normally

Cons: low pay compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: nice cafeteria, people, staff, and management

Cons: No sales, no salary. Purely commission.
Advice: Keep things running smoothly and professionally
Pros: Profit sharing quarterly bonus available

Cons: In the process of change. Lots of reorgs, reduction, as well as cost cutting for the future so a lot of uncertainty at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work as well as work/life balance.

Cons: Always seem to be changing direction and expect the entire org to pivot immediately. Fairly chaotic
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent people, interesting work, decent pay

Cons: too many systems with overlapping needs and processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great leaders Great products nice culture to work and enhance skills employee needs are respected

Cons: Nothing to worry about at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance / Awesome

Cons: Need to be flexible for possible weekend work.
Advice: None
Pros: A nice work life balance

Cons: work from home and less engagement with co-workers
Advice: None
Pros: friendly working environment and easy access to internal resources

Cons: managers and executive leadership do not have real tech/IT experience and their subpar decision-making will affect you negatively
Advice: None
Pros: work/life balance and benefits are good

Cons: Senior leadership is awful and does not communicate clearly. Moving targets and layoffs despite good profits. Focus seems entirely on extracting as much money out of the customer as possible, not delivering products they want. So much red tape to get anything done. Too much middle management Salary isn’t very competitive
Advice: Stop taking bonuses, pay your workers better, and deliver products customers want
Pros: Work life balance is fine

Cons: Limited opportunity to grow depending on your management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, non toxic work environment.

Cons: They expect to get every cent's worth out of their money. Women definitely have less of a chance than men do.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. You will learn a lot because they hold themselves to high standards.

Cons: Chaotic C-level leadership random layoffs and hiring spurts
Advice: None
Pros: Great DEI Interesting projects diverse tech stack

Cons: They fire departments based on the company money
Advice: None
Pros: Big bonuses at end of year

Cons: Lack of transparency from upper management levels on company wide decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: The management and working professionals are great to work with.

Cons: Like any big company, some bureaucracy at the leadership level. Re-orgs and uncertainty with job security.
Advice: None
Pros: Care about employees, very inclusive and tons of resources to do job. Leadership is very caring about employee growth and cross training.

Cons: The company is currently restructuring
Advice: More REMOTE for the right candidate positions
Pros: Exciting time for the industry

Cons: Sometimes things can move slower than desired.
Advice: None
Pros: Being able to work on great products.

Cons: pay could be a little better
Advice: None
Pros: great people good company growing fast

Cons: Company has been declining for decades, while downsizing headcount and increasing workloads past anything reasonably manageable.
Advice: Stop blaming workforce for poor launches, and realize the workload is not sustainable. It is not ok to move engineering overseas, and expect workforce to attend meetings day and evenings in different parts of the globe. We went to college to have a professional career, with work life balance. We didn't expect to work both day and night, and concentrate during weekly night meetings that run until or past 10 PM, and then start up again at 7AM.
Pros: Competitive Salary, 6 weeks vacation, great co-workers, very supportive

Cons: Job uncertainty can be scary at times, strikes can effect jobs
Advice: None
Pros: GM has great benefits and bonuses

Cons: The organization is constantly changing...reorgs occur about every 6months.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are fantastic, great team culture, and great place to acquire experience and learn new skills.

Cons: Salary based on seniority, not proficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits Wide array of job choices

Cons: Destroys your body. Barely any family time.
Advice: Please start caring about the company
Pros: Good money and benefits. A lot of paid hollidays and you are off.

Cons: The overtime pay for lower levels
Advice: Practice what you preach
Pros: It pays pretty well until you hit overtime

Cons: Forced shift work for low seniority employees. Really screwed up toxic culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Reliable hours and schedule available

Cons: Paperwork
Traffic near the campus
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy culture
Respectable leadership
Cool products

Cons: Pay Leadership Advancement Opportunities Technical direction
Advice: Shift to complete open source technology instead of signing contracts with vendors that have proprietary software. Jumping ship when they jack up the rates puts incredible strain on an already overworked workforce.
Pros: Lots of vacation time (if you can use it)

Cons: To many people hired that were not qualified for their role.
Advice: Learn to fire people. Unqualified employees shouldn't be given multiple years to 'hopefully' turn around.
Pros: For me the work environment was relatively stress free.

Cons: Easier to learn things about the company from external sources. Poor communication about the brass tax of what's happening within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: On average better pay than tier 1 suppliers, lots of hybrid/WFH opportunities. Very easy to move within the company to different roles once you get in.

Cons: Pushing agendas for the sake of pushing agendas
Advice: Work Appropriately
Pros: Great place to gain experience

Cons: Cubicle Offices are not very efficient or inviting for younger folk.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working here. My coworkers were interested in my future career goals whether it be within the company or another. The office cubicle environment was a great way to improve performance but it lacked areas the needed collaboration. From my understanding, General Motors is actively working to improve this issue.

Cons: Cumbersome processes. Nothing other than this
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, kind faculty, good pay

Cons: Constant fear of cut backs
Advice: None
Pros: Work, levels of complexity and diversity of projects

Cons: Way too many layers of management, hundreds of executives who do not add value, cannot make decisions, and do not generate company profits, small (but consistent) annual merit increases, GM often prioritizes gender and skin color over performance, experience and leadership potential. In many groups, the “appearance” of working hard is valued more than actual work.
Advice: Spend less time trying to make political statements, forcing employees to embrace woke ideology, and making excuses for why we can’t do things our competitors do well. Get back to the humble GM that got us to where we are. Get back to being a bold and innovative car company that builds products that consumers love.
Pros: Competitive pay and bonus opportunities, most groups have good day to day flexibility, nice perks (i.e., company car at certain levels, $1,500 annual HSA contribution, 4% company match on 401K, 12 weeks of maternity and paternity leave).

Cons: Big company that is easy to become a statistic in, company organization doesn't always make sense and this can hurt your optics to management in terms of performance, pay is not always competitive, not a tech company so for developers you don't always get the most interesting work.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, lots of resources and fellow developers to interact and learn from, business touches many different areas so you can work on all kinds of projects,.

Cons: Many hours in a relatively high stress environment wherein the GL is pressured by upper management on one side and the union on the other. Mandatory weekends and holidays are a regular occurrence. Swing shift schedule as well.
Advice: More support and fewer threats would turn things in a better direction. Fear is a sub-par motivator and generally only entices people to work just hard enough to not be fired until they can exercise other options.
Pros: GM offers a competitive salary which comes as a result of the consuming and relentless nature of the job.

Cons: Nothing that I can specify.
Advice: Keep up the all great work!
Pros: Greta place to work. Great leadership and team work. Co-workers are very friendly and supportive. Have enormous resources to learn and grow ones career.

Cons: Opportunities for better Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
Advice: Listen and respond to your employees.
Pros: Great Career Growth and Advancement.

Cons: Layoffs of entire AZ location despite confirming just months earlier that no lay offs would occur.
Advice: Consistent messaging to employees.
Pros: Good projects in a modern tech stack. Great manager and teammates.

Cons: Poor management. Often layoffs despite saying there won't be any layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, great healthcare and benefits, 15 days PTO at start, interesting work

Cons: Sometimes upper managements directives negatively affect the ability to do your job.
Advice: None
Pros: A company large enough to give you opportunities to explore but with smaller groups to work in a close-knit team environment.

Cons: To have a clear career path
Advice: None
Pros: A Good place to work

Cons: You may or may not learn much depending on where you end up. The pay can be lower than average or at best average. They lay off rather abruptly with unclear reasons. Rather impersonal, and happens frequently.
Advice: Think more carefully about how you approach future plans and provide more consistent communication.
Pros: They hired a lot of college grads with no experience.

Cons: typical bureaucracy of a big company and promotional opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed my time at GM - good work life balance and good pay.

Cons: Too much procedures and process
Advice: None
Pros: Its the best play to work

Cons: Good company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: Great 401k and health benefits. Hybrid work

Cons: Too much bureaucracy, many layoffs every year
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, work hybrid or remote

Cons: Culture shift, no, no, no, no
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely nice people, best culture

Cons: chaos and confusion layers everywhere
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are good and the team is nice

Cons: -noncompetitive salary -not many office perks
Advice: None
Pros: -work life balance -new technologies to learn

Cons: Low pay with mediocre tech talent
Advice: None
Pros: Above average work life balance

Cons: No job stability, upper management is greedy, and remote work is not an option except if you are part of the top-level management.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance, great place for career growth.

Cons: Work/ life balance I did not have
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were very very good

Cons: I came in as a new college hire and had no mentorship, got moved around a bunch of teams without ever learning and strengthening new skills, and was forced to go back into the office for no reason. Was told I could eventually move to project management if I proved myself but that never happened and kept just being pushed back.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is not the worst.

Cons: expect you to spend your weekends researching stuff for work instead of maintaining a proper work-life balance. You're discouraged from using their learning resources during work hours because then you'll be marked for bad performance. There is no PIP program at GM and they will kick their employees to the curb if marked for bad performance. That shows behavior that doesn't encourage growth, improvement, nor learning for a developer.
Advice: None
Pros: always developing on a project

Cons: Toxic environment in some internal orgs. Promotions not based on merit, but rather who you know Not allowed to offer innovated ideas or to think outside of the box.
Advice: The middle level management (director level) do not practice the culture and behaviors desired by GM's executive leadership team reporting to the CEO.
Pros: Salary Benefits 401k match Career growth leading up to management

Cons: Leadership will routinely lie to employees and make rash decisions that impact their entire work force
Advice: None
Pros: The individuals at GM are awesome people to work with. The work-life balance is great.

Cons: Sometimes unpredictable and can be a bit overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: Treat employees well and the pay is good

Cons: There tends to be a resistance to adoption of new technology
Advice: None
Pros: They have a generous overall compensation package Excellent time away and vacation policy

Cons: Technical direction can chance on a whim based on business decisions. Sometimes there is friction against technical changes which would improve processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, interesting projects to work on, room for learning new things and good holiday and vacation policies.

Cons: Poor payment and very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Positive work attitudes for employees

Cons: not able to work remote
Advice: let us work remote , helps work life
Pros: Hybrid work 3 days in

Cons: Shady senior leadership practices above Sr.Manager and directors not 100% transparent as a public company
Advice: Please treat employees with empathy
Pros: Good benefits and package Good work life balance

Cons: Bad CEO and cool generally
Advice: Don't do it
Pros: Low pay bad work environment

Cons: Promotions are rare and is locked behind how long you've been there
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, some projects provide a big impact, and inclusive

Cons: Lack of mobility in conpany
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: The red tape can be a bit much.
Advice: None
Pros: They have a great work life balance.

Cons: They closed down the office all of a sudden without relocating the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment and work life balance

Cons: Lower level management consists of a bunch of inexperienced, under qualified children. The egos and smugness is unbearable. Instead of working together as a team, they are hostile and would rather let you know "who's boss." Floor communication is a joke. It's pretty sad that a direct employee has to go to a contractor for information regarding production agendas. This is a daily routine for us. The union representation is virtually non-existent. They are ghosts in the facility but still seem to get all of the overtime. Ridiculous amount of salary employees. It's amazing that with all of the people sitting in meetings and walking aimlessly, this place still can't efficiently build vehicles. Trades and production woefully understaffed. If they ever plan on building over 5 cars a day, that will need to change.
Advice: The culture you've built is unsustainable. Priorities are all out of whack. Maybe you could start by respecting the people you are going to rely on the most.
Pros: Trades in auto manufacturing land is a good living. However, when comparing Factory Zero with local rival facilities, it's trash. If you have the credentials, look elsewhere.

Cons: Pay could be higher and SLT needs to be transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Balance is good Benefits are great

Cons: Unstable business, uneven policies, parking, building
Advice: 
Pros: People, technical content, interesting high profile area

Cons: -not a big emphasis for continuous learning -tech stack depends on team, sometimes it is out dated
Advice: None
Pros: -good work/life balance -good culture and community -salary is decent -great company for NCH

Cons: Depends on leadership team and how much others like you .
Advice: None
Pros: Depending on your Manager and team, you could have a great career here.

Cons: You are not valued as an individual. You are treated as if you should be lucky to work there and you are easily replaceable.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a large company, with many opportunities.

Cons: No cons as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Great place to learn latest technologies

Cons: Lower pay than other companies Disorganized work flow
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Relaxed work environment Good work life balance

Cons: - Work can feel repetitive at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Employees at any vertical are approachable with the appropriate professionalism - Car company establishing itself within the tech industry - Opportunity for growth and movement (must be vocalized asap) - Hybrid work schedule - Flexible hours as long as you communicate to your manager

Cons: The program is subject to change, even when you are currently in it.
Advice: None
Pros: GPD TRACK is a rotational program for recent grad engineers, and it gives you the opportunity to explore multiple positions and organizations.

Cons: Low potential, especially for the first three years.
Advice: Remove the 3% raise cap for new college hires!
Pros: It's a lower-pressure place to learn how to do your job!

Cons: Uncertainty in the market based on manufacturing challenges
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great benefits and work life balance

Cons: low wage, not competitive within software field
Advice: None
Pros: good health insurance coverage, good work culture

Cons: Lots of travel is involved
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work fo

Cons: Work/Life Balance Lack of Growth
Advice: None
Pros: Customer Focused Great Colleagues Challening Expand Skillset

Cons: may put you in a role you might not have expected and may end up not liking it
Advice: None
Pros: encourage growth and exploring new roles

Cons: Lack of transparency poor communication
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Vacation salary hybrid work

Cons: Climbing the company when competing with an older population is challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay / incentives. Flexible work location (WFH).

Cons: Lower pay, very corporate, high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule, great vacation and bonus

Cons: politics, slow, old tech, migra
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, bonus, dental, 401k, others

Cons: Some time management is not transparent.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance and benefits

Cons: Hard to stand out in front of leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Great 401k match, excellent work life balance

Cons: Too many people in the ladder to grow.
Advice: Too many empty suits in middle management layer
Pros: Great company to work for and learning opportunity

Cons: They treat you like a number, not a person Forced to work extra days Not enough time with family No communication
Advice: Listen to the workers, they know their job Don't pick favorites Understand there's life outside of work
Pros: Pays well Benefits Reliable pay weekly Retirement

Cons: very bureaucratic - lots of levels of management employees not empowered to make decisions Clueless managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits Good work / life balance

Cons: Site-wide layoffs when they could have easily prevented many people from relocating there only to be laid off soon after.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits. Working on new projects. Managers that want you to have a team you work well with.

Cons: Management makes some confusing decisions. Layoffs happen even when senior leadership says they won't happen
Advice: None
Pros: Fellow employees are very nice and helpful. Culture of continuous improvement and learning.

Cons: upper level management making sporadic changes and chaos
Advice: None
Pros: people you come to work with will in some way shape or form come back in your career here, the tech space is small and interconnected

Cons: Literally everything else is a con. The pay is trash for the amount of work. Takes too long to top out. Work life balance is horrible. Hope you enjoy not seeing your family or friends. Poor outlook on the future of employees.
Advice: Have an actual degree in management. Stop hiring people to be managers when they have no experience/degree in the field! The Group leaders are the reason you can’t keep employees!
Pros: Benefits Free health care and you will need it

Cons: Random layoffs that completely ignore personal performance.
Advice: Don't be too reactionary. Try to approach things calmly and strategically.
Pros: When they decide to keep their employees, they treat them right, offering them lots of time off and a generally great work life balance.

Cons: Very large and tremendous isolation of responsibility within IT. Not much room for growth in certain areas.
Advice: The way the lay off in AZ was handled was awful. Teams were decimated, leaving no one with certain skills in teams.
Pros: Good benefits and yearly bonuses depending on performance.

Cons: Sharing of information from top to bottom can seem lethargic
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and Job Freedom

Cons: RTO and my manager is in another state and my team is on 3 different time zones. Let's be real, I'm never any of their faces in my life. Low pay compared to industry standards. No good perks even in the office
Advice: Be more open minded
Pros: Easy to move between teams to find something you enjoy. Nice co workers Experience is very team dependent.

Cons: GM is great company and i have nothing to complain about it
Advice: Enjoy with your job
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: - Lack of organization - Pay
Advice: None
Pros: - Good team environment - Great place to learn - Fun/interesting projects

Cons: Lousy treatment, harsh hours, and last minute notices.
Advice: As a contractor I can't make suggestions to GM. So you will working for a bureaucracy with little or no say.
Pros: High pay, talked to respectfully. Mostly.

Cons: Large company means lots of red tape and challenging to be agile.
Advice: Recognize that outsiders can co tribute more value than long time employees.
Pros: Work life balance and benefits keep people at GM.

Cons: Leveling up is heavily based on your willingness to relocate rather than your skill level
Advice: You have a skilled work force. Use them in the right places.
Pros: Benefits, processes and technologies you get to work with

Cons: Not good job security, constant team restructuring
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Hybrid, Great teams to work with

Cons: layoff without warning can happen more than you expected
Advice: None
Pros: work is relatively easy. work-life balance is okay

Cons: Large company with a lot of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity and great people.

Cons: Lies from upper management pertaining to az layoffs
Advice: Stop lying
Pros: Culture Work life balance Availability to obtain new skills

Cons: They are low on staff, need more salary people.
Advice: None
Pros: You get as much overtime as you want. If you are salary you still get overtime, although it is less than what the hourly people make by a lot.

Cons: Job security is poor and employees are devalued
Advice: None
Pros: Company gives you good projects to work on

Cons: Sometimes getting promoted can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and benefits, great with minorities

Cons: Outdated software. Unstable environment/policy changes...they just laid off an entire division.
Advice: Instead of hiring people blindly and then laying people off blindly...actually look at performance.
Pros: Work life balance is immaculate. Lots of vacation time.

Cons: Team leaders is what makes or breaks it You get a raise every year Every sept gets paid pretty much same unless you move up to team leader
Advice: Work better on paying employees more
Pros: Great pay Quarterly bonuses Great cafeteria and break rooms Very team spirited

Cons: No cons to think of now
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at

Cons: Slow progression for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance with benefits

Cons: Not always challenging work to do
Advice: None
Pros: The people and culture make it great

Cons: Turnover, Project Timelines, Regular Re-Organization
Advice: None
Pros: People &amp; Culture, Technology Stack, Ability to move vertically &amp; laterally, Manager Support

Cons: the squeaky wheel gets the grease, lack of identity and don't try to stand out.
Advice: None
Pros: hire indiscriminately, competency is optional, simply follow the rules once employed and you can hang around for the rest of the lift without making a difference

Cons: IT is rapidly changing - not sure what the future of the company holds
Advice: None
Pros: good culture, work life balance

Cons: The senior leadership team is making big changes. Instability
Advice: None
Pros: They have good benefits mostly.

Cons: No trust in leadership, they conduct lay offs with only two months notice or less
Advice: Get better at sharing information early when you plan on laying a large number of employees off
Pros: Benefits, culture, pay, work/life balance is great as well

Cons: Hard to do things inbetween work. Little downtime, always doing something for work.
Advice: None
Pros: No problems arise if you just do what you're are hired to do, not hard to work here

Cons: Poor management communication, hard to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Good mentorship, office location, pay

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: Can’t think of anything specific
Pros: Benefits, pay, and the environment

Cons: ups and downs in the automotive industry
Advice: Support those that are doing the right thing and offer support to continue doing so.
Pros: Endless opportunities, Education and experience.

Cons: Nothing to mention. all good
Advice: N/A
Pros: Team works, great people to work with, profissionals

Cons: Siloed into your own little corner.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to work at a place that owns it's own Datacenters and also leverages cloud solutions

Cons: Hard to find challenges and improvement for yourself
Advice: None
Pros: Chill working environment, everyone is nice

Cons: Unrealistic expectations Poor management Unequal work distribution
Advice: None
Pros: People that you work with

Cons: More specific works instruction. Personal growth is very limited unless you move extra.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance company. Family care company

Cons: No air conditioning or heat. Get ready to sweat your butt off all summer then freeze in the winter. Filthy and loud work environment. Union employees don’t care about the quality of their work and management are not willing to try something new to increase efficiency. Rubbing alcohol is the best way to remove flux from braze bars but they’ll never try it since it’s involves adding a material to their MSDS
Advice: NA
Pros: Salary, PTO, benefits are really great

Cons: Too much travel expectations at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Pay and Environment

Cons: There has been constant turn over and change of leadership since the day I started making it difficult to know where I fall.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the team I work with and feel like I can speak up and actually be heard.

Cons: not a lot of group cohesion, most poeple are 45+ years old . if your young in design , your going to be alone
Advice: none
Pros: working remote most of the time

Cons: Bad communication from slt and upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb, good benefits and competitive comp

Cons: Pay is below market, and raises are an absolute joke. Inflation: 6.5% nationally, my city: 12.5%, my raise: 3%. Career development is non-existent and nobody really cares.
Advice: Listen to workers when they say how they best work, and no, your BS public image saving word-smithing doesn't change what everyone knows you're saying. Pay ANYWHERE NEAR what a SE goes for in the market and maybe you'll become somewhere close to a competitor. Paying 25% below market rate will NEVER (NEVER!!!!) allow you to hire FAANG, no matter how much you try.
Pros: They expect 6 hrs of on task work with an hour of lunch and an hour of email / meetings / etc per day. They give you 2 hours of work. Cool I guess, but you still have to act like its gonna take you 6 hours to do and you have to stay online for 8 hours. Its fine if you have 0 other options and you're desperate.

Cons: I was let go after having heart surgery. I was put on a performance plan after I got out of the hospital. GM funds their own health insurance. So they no longer wanted me employed there due to my health care costs. It was like working in a morgue. Managements horrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing at all is good about GM.

Cons: must be a temp for a long time pay does not match increasing inflation vacation time is not much and pto goes quickly
Advice: increase pay to match a living wage when you have us work so much
Pros: the benefits are fantastic after getting moved to first shift hours are better and i can spend time with family

Cons: Not all people are treated fairly Could work a lot of required OT It's who you know not what you know
Advice: Favoritism isn't gonna secure people for the future. Treat everyone fairly and it should be a good future.
Pros: Pay Lots of great mentors Diverse community Teamwork

Cons: GM offers remote work options.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Not much room for growth unless you go into management.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is okay

Cons: Management moves people around, or lets people go without replacing them, making the job harder
Advice: None
Pros: Projects allowed for growth as a new college hire

Cons: Low pay compared to others. Low 401k match.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Healthcare. Vision. Dental. Workload

Cons: Promotions based on ethnicity push for people in that category in management positions. Pre-interview 99% of the picks are already determined prior to the interview. The interviews are just a technicality.
Advice: Figure out a way to promote people that have earned it through experience and hard work. Don’t promote because someone is in a specific minority group that you are driving. You have lost and will continue to lose valuable employees if this practice continues
Pros: Quick expansion into the EV market

Cons: Layoffs / Management style / strict office hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and PTO/ Sick time

Cons: The worse pay i ever received. They should be ashamed of themselves for paying employees in production that do the real work such little pay.
Advice: Want good loyal employees pay them enough to support themselves.
Pros: Great health benefits for employee and dependents at no charge.

Cons: They overwork you and they pay sucks
Advice: Up the pay for the heavy lifting
Pros: They alright sometimes , it’s kinda hot

Cons: Too much focus on managing upwards; organizational culture seems to be slipping over the past 6 to 10 months; company doesn't seem to value experience; spends lots of time running away from its past and focusing on an unclear future.
Advice: Avoid the cycle of grow/grow/grow for 3 or 4 years followed by shrink/shrink/shrink. Frankly it is ridiculous the number of expansions and contractions that I was part of over a 20 year career with the company. Shows lack of an ability to plan beyond a 3-5 year window.
Pros: Hybrid work possibilities for many employees; pay is pretty good, especially with bonuses; able to work with some smart people.

Cons: -Lack of communication from SLT
Advice: None
Pros: -New college hire program is great -Good work life balance

Cons: It’s like a prison, or high school. So much drama!
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, profit share, and benefits

Cons: Really no cons here. Sometimes management but not bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work! Highly Recommend!

Cons: Low payment in the industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Team is cooperative and supportive.

Cons: Slow to change and improve processes
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay, flexibility to manage work around personal commitments

Cons: too big empire to run
Advice: None
Pros: many great people and talented guys

Cons: Lack of opportunities for advancement if you didn’t fit the mold. Lack of diversity even though they pretend to adhere to it.
Advice: Give credit where credit is due.
Pros: Learning opportunities were plentiful even if it really didn’t help you in career growth

Cons: RTO sucks and no promotions or exciting projects. Moves really slow. Takes long time to develop a vehicle.
Advice: None
Pros: Great WLB, no work pressure

Cons: 4/5 people are &lt;6 months into their job and not competent. Bureaucracy is crippling and paralyzing.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to outperform peers, the bar is absolutely on the floor. If you want to coast under the radar while doing absolutely no work. This is your company! Pay and benefits are hard to walk from.

Cons: Promotion is hard to come by
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: We continue to be forced to do more, with less. We have to be profitable even when there is 20% employee absenteeism. Our "How Do You Feel" surveys don't get attention on our concerns, only if we took the non-mandatory (you better take it) survey so we can say x% of our facility is "engaged". Employee morale is not good.
Advice: Closed door meetings with staff by Manageoutside of the building would be a good idea to understand the dysfunction we are dealing with locally. Please stop nepotism here! The family tree of promoting is ridiculous and widely evident. Hard to be diverse if we hire relatives of our executives.
Pros: I work with a great Team of other Supervisors! They make my role better.

Cons: Upper management (as with any large company)
Advice: None
Pros: The people (some of the nicest and most helpful)

Cons: Not the best for tech development
Advice: None
Pros: Work / Life is easy

Cons: Most "company perks" have been taken away. Yes, you get good pay and decent insurance but I don't feel like they care about their workers as a whole at all. I understand they need to make money, but keeping workers happy IMO should be another top priority.
Advice: Stop all the general "we support you" and actually show those not in Michigan that we are valued.
Pros: The pay is competitive and vacation time starting off is 3 weeks.

Cons: Archaic technology; you'll rarely work on anything exciting. The middle managers are usually old school micro managers who will harass you about your work every day. Low wages for developers and other people in IT. This is wayyy below market value. There are smart people, but they're usually overshadowed by whoever the "managers" are and they can't get their points across so extra work is created. There are so many layers of authority that decisions cannot be made. Oh and forget the "promotional opportunities." They already have people in mind and jumping through the hoops takes years and @ss kissing. Finally, they do not take what employees say seriously. You want to work remotely? We will come to the office. There's no prestige here. If you have any type of talent or aspirations this company is certain career death. Not to mention zero work life balance most of the time. Regularly working weekends and casual 50 hours a week due to projects not being executed properly.
Advice: Fire all the old schoolers and get new ones. Period.
Pros: Good benefits; generous PTO; lots of paid leave; ability to move around to different departments

Cons: Not organized at all and you are hired in and have to figure it all out on your own, what software that is needed and how to get access to it all. GM has unrealistic goals for getting projects going and completion dates. they do not understand that when a part has a 16 week lead time, its going to take a while. they expect you to make it your mission to find on in the middle of nowhere USA that an old farmer has and get it.
Advice: None
Pros: Flex hours great people to work with

Cons: Job security, not many international travels
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, bonus, 401k match, diversity

Cons: I do not have any
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good company to work for

Cons: A lot of turnover and drama
Advice: None
Pros: Good job for me to learn

Cons: Leadership lacks transparency and often makes decisions without data.
Advice: None
Pros: Really impactful projects, talented coworkers, WLB

Cons: The construction on 96 makes the commute tough
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work level up within the company

Cons: My team wasn't super organized
Advice: None
Pros: Really great company culture and super supportive

Cons: There have been a lot of poorly executed organizational changes, poor communication from leaders, and a lack of job security.
Advice: None
Pros: The New College Hire (NCH) program allowed me to get my foot in the door after graduation and gain experience in the QA role.

Cons: Return to office policies, unclear communication from CEO
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, good work like balance, good benefits

Cons: Not much to say on
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: You may get laid off not performance related
Advice: None
Pros: Good people. Good salary. Good work.

Cons: Too much emphasis on non business related activity. Many opinions on issues that are unimportant to winning customers.
Advice: Stop indexing on things other than manufacturing the best product.
Pros: Good advancement. Good benefits, great culture.

Cons: Just benefits is low. No free coffee/snack.
Advice: None
Pros: Great for new college hire. Everyone is nice. Manager is also nice.

Cons: Senior leadership team is awful
Advice: None
Pros: Chill job, good wlb rarely any overtime

Cons: Big companies move slow and it is difficult to make process changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Being on the cutting edge of automotive technology

Cons: -upper level management -iffy job security if you are not in the main offices
Advice: None
Pros: -culture and team -lower level management -work life balance

Cons: Closing my whole office and will likely have additional layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Great coworkers.

Cons: Closure of IT Center due to saving money
Advice: Care more about their employees
Pros: Good people work there, good friends

Cons: Brightdrop is trying to be different but is really just an extension of GM. Every policy, IT and benefit is GM based. This means systems that are disconnected and lack of freedom to decision making. Everything brightdrop is doing is exactly the same as GM but with a “tech” spin because we have leadership that is from tech but because they have no industry experience towards the markets they serve they lack the vision needed to disrupt. Last, If you’re going to expand in the Bay Area you need a more compelling benefits program and office space. I want a company I have pride in showing the logo for , BD just isn’t there yet. Major steps back with RTO and being counter towards the broader GM budget.
Advice: There are some exceptional people in the small business that exists right now , but those people aren’t in leadership positions. I suggest you find those people and move them up quickly before they jump to competitors or companies with better benefits.
Pros: MacBook computers , GM benefits.

Cons: Bad leadership, they close the AZ innovation randomly without any notice until 3 months beforehand.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits that come with insurance, dental and 4% matching.

Cons: The higher ups are the worst
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are very good

Cons: Not enough work 90% people sittingi .meeting s one.person works
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and 401k match

Cons: Nothing special about cons. Everyone might have different perspectives.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment for open discussion and opportunities to work towards innovation.

Cons: None that I can think of!
Advice: None
Pros: It’s pretty low pressure and everyone is nice

Cons: Older technologies and recently a lot of turnover.
Advice: Stop letting senior employees go. This causes a loss of knowledge.
Pros: Slower paced work and good benefits.

Cons: Four 6-month rotations means you will be treated like a student or intern for 2 full years. Limited responsibility/opportunities for ownership. Management tends to brush you aside as they don't want to invest in short-term rotational employees.
Advice: None
Pros: TRACK rotations give you a wide breadth of experiences

Cons: OHIP is the only option to receive extended care in dealing with mental health concerns/issues for our members
Advice: Listen to the needs of everyone individually and not as a "norm" that everyone is assumed to fit
Pros: GM promotes inclusion and diversity

Cons: lots of really dumb people work here
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, ability to slack off

Cons: There were not geographical locations that I was looking for.
Advice: None
Pros: The company had a great culture.

Cons: Work life balance and no pension
Advice: None
Pros: Go pay, profit sharing, tuition reimbursement, life insurance, and health insurance

Cons: Woke work environment, hard to work there with it put in your face each and every day.
Advice: None
Pros: Well compensated for work done(pay, bonus, perks, etc.)

Cons: They offer no coaching for improvement. They will quickly turn your back on you if you get a complaint.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved everything about this position and the people I met while holding the position. I loved being able to visit the dealerships and building the relationships.

Cons: Salary is a bit lower than industry standard
Advice: None
Pros: A great big company environment where you have the chance to expand your knowledge and resume The teams and teammates I have worked with have been compromising and respectful

Cons: - Very rigid corporate structure - Promotions and leveling are not consistent nor transparent
Advice: None
Pros: - Working on cutting edge of the automotive industry can't be undersold - Iconic brands and models that people care about

Cons: NEPOTISM , Management plays favorites , no employee meetings , the management has other employees training other employees. They only notice when you do something wrong. No work\life flexibility.
Advice: I suggest you give some attention to the mental health of your employees. Employee events and weekly meetings and recognition.
Pros: Weekly pay , no micromanaging , busy environment

Cons: Jesus christ this gig is boring.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work, low expectations, low morale, so overachieving is easy.

Cons: Frequently hit with layoffs that undermine moral. Management are pencil pushers with no sense of the underlying technology. No penchant for innovation. Sub-standard hiring practices mean your team might be full of people unqualified for the job. Upper management constantly making big announcements/press releases that the company doesn't have the ability to execute on. Feels like they're behind the times and anxious.
Advice: Recruit more from actual technology companies. Get better middle managers who can actual understand the projects they're teams are working on. Improve morale by actually executing as promised.
Pros: Good work life balance, solid 401k program

Cons: - I don't have any cons to list
Advice: None
Pros: - good work life balance - decent pay - talented co-workers

Cons: The high stress and fast paced and long hours work environment will seriously impact your mental health
Advice: None
Pros: The high stress and fast paced and long hours work environment will greatly accelerate your knowledge and growth as an engineer

Cons: none at the moment right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work, project focused. A lot of experience for early professionals.

Cons: Expected some more career opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work. Great people and Team.

Cons: Customer service with GM could use some work
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for overall

Cons: GM is very untrustworthy. Will say no lay offs but has let go of hundreds of people 4?times this year.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Work life balance. People.

Cons: Abysmal financial choices. Most managers incompetent and really think they know what they're doing. Ghost management is heavy. Low quality projects. Constantly behind the times with tech. Projects constantly shifting direction and scope. Dependency on expensive proprietary hardware that isn't easy to come by when you need to test.
Advice: There is a level of complacency and laziness I see among a lot of the management at GM. I often see the strategy of "find a competent employee on the team and dump 80% of managerial duties onto that person." Being employed at this company. This often leads fo extreme team disconnects between EGMs and the employees. Ghost management is a real problem at this company and its a result of poor leadership, poor transparency pertaining to realistic company business objectives. And poor scope of vision when it comes to generating value. For any software engineers. Just know this company is in the business of making cars first.... software and tech is clearly not as prioritized as it should be.
Pros: Somewhat good benefits. But other companies offer higher pay with similar or better salaries.

Cons: Nothing to mention for cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Lots of growth. Good work life Balance.

Cons: Entire 100+ department was let go all at once with not attempts to move elsewhere within the company. Upper management even acknowledge that they hadn't thought about that until it was too late.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot and had well organized teams.

Cons: Don’t get enough days off.
Advice: None
Pros: Weekly pay and good pay hourly

Cons: - Upward mobility is unclear - doesn't seem like people move quickly at GM things sometimes go too slow.
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting work in automotive industry - Flexible work environment - Healthy work environment

Cons: Management is very volatile and cannot be trust
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work-life balance, co-workers are friendly and always willing to help

Cons: Bad leadership. Lost culture and trust due to all poor decision.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Oh, oops. I think I might have put a con or two in the pros. 
Well, in addition to those, it’s easy to be fooled that you’re working in a company that values women. I believe this is the case up and around Mary Barra. However; if you’re at the bottom of one of the myriad ladders in IT, don’t bother buying any climbing gear. Pitch yourself a tent under your bottom rung because this is your home for life. With matching pay. 
I have worked here since 2003 and it’s a life suck that’s gotten me nowhere. Which I wouldn’t mind if they paid me to throw my life away!
Advice: Just because a female has an easygoing demeanor doesn’t mean she wants to be a nobody forever, happy, proud, and innately satisfied  to be “getting by”financially.
Pros: It’s not horrible. You keep going to work, they keep paying you. But you get this carrot dangled every year at your annual review about reaching some mythical next level that will open up the opportunity for a pay increase. You work your guts out and never get anywhere, and one day realize you could have done a tenth of what you’ve done and still be in the same place with the same pay. It’s worse than meh at this point. This is when frustration sets in that goes beyond meh. Definite pro is you could die here and never even notice your life has gone by. That’s what I’m doing, but trying to do something about. If you like cars, it’s probably cool to take the pay dive working in IT at an automotive company. Nice midwestern people all dead inside trapped in the same holding tank helps mask the pain.

Cons: Poor management from Engine dominating in EV era
Advice: None
Pros: lots of things to learn.

Cons: Some of the corporate people don't fully understand the tech field and expectations
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of benefits and lots of programs to help you succeed

Cons: With the given year a lot of layoffs and broken promises.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to start and interviewing process is simple.

Cons: Hours are undefined, you could be on a call with a country with an 8-hour time difference and expected to be present at 8pm your time.
Advice: Have in person 1 on 1's to gage where the employees headspace is.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, everyone was inclusive, management went above and beyond to make sure the team felt supported.

Cons: No bonuses or any stocks included
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for base but bonus not so good

Cons: Communication could be better across the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is great for the field and the Work environment is nice.

Cons: Lots of employees and sometimes teams are a little siloed
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of work life balance and team culture is great

Cons: work load too high, No advancement into Directorship, does not recognize outside work history like ISP unless it was done at GM. Too much time spent on DEI practices, Too many unneeded meetings. lays off too often.
Advice: Stop laying off people. Hire only when needed. Allow every internal applicant to have an interview or at least have a personal interview to tell them why they are no chosen. May it easier and more transparent how to get into directorship. Allow same rights that women have to men. Stop loading the workplace with women who are qualified just to balance the gender divide.
Pros: Good Bonuses, Nice people to work with.

Cons: If you are performance oriented or are a top performer you will not be paid more. It is a workplace for your average worker nothing more.
Advice: None
Pros: Equality in every aspect of the job.

Cons: Always doing layoffs and downsizing. Threat to your stability. Difficult to get change.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Good pay. Good benefits.

Cons: Store was sold and renamed. The building is still standing but was painted a different color.
Advice: The store is unfortunately operating under different management and has since been renamed,
Pros: * Everyone in the store had a two hour lunch and was paid a steady salary no matter how much time they took off. * All employees were allowed to each anything they wanted for lunch up to 10.00 value per day.

Cons: Takes a long time to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, and job security

Cons: The constant lay off every few years is not good.
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive company. Everyone is respectful either you are new or old in the company.

Cons: One of the worse upper management.
Advice: Better communication
Pros: Benefits and pay was good. Work and life was also fair

Cons: External market conditions and lingering supply chain constraints in the aftermath of COVID-19 makes coming to work every day a little harder. Dealers and customers are frustrated with the lack of visibility with highly backordered parts and tensions as a result are always high.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredibly autonomous role that provides direct exposure to consulting, account management, inventory optimization, and customer service excellence. Every day is different and you're required to wear multiple hats, but you will learn more in the first 6 months of your role than you ever have about Fixed Operations and working in the dealer / shop world.

Cons: Leaning toward electrification achtecture. Future employment efforts focused toward electrical and software engineering; and reducing mechanical engineering employee footprint.
Advice: Maintain opportunity for cross training engineering talent within future developments.
Pros: Opportunity for broad range of exposure to vehicle systems development.

Cons: Poor management, planning and execution.
Advice: Don't just invite everyone to a fancy hotel to tell everyone they're fired.
Pros: Decent pay, benefits and location.

Cons: Closure of IT Innovation Center in Arizona.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, great environment and no micromanagement

Cons: They lie They lie They are not to be trusted
Advice: None
Pros: Good money Benefits Perks Flexile Lots of vacation

Cons: technology is not upto date.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nive environment to work and friendly mangement

Cons: Work environment can be misleading
Advice: Treat ALL employees with same integrity
Pros: Opportunity to gain innovative design skills.

Cons: Hard work, bad management, morale issues
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork, work commute, solid company

Cons: The direction the company is moving is not what is communicated as the company's direction. they are not safety focused as advertised. Hours spent working can be excessive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good medical benefits with no spouse extra charges. Flexibility is the best.

Cons: You never know when you will get laid off.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good work culture.

Cons: Pay Work life balance slow admin
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Work Environment Cool Cars

Cons: Business has confusing direction and decisions. No growth. Stuck in the old.
Advice: None
Pros: WLB, Decent Benefits, scored a great team with similar age

Cons: Poor work-life balance Multiple escalation procedures
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative environment Global position Meaningful exposure to leadership

Cons: Too many different opportunities, need to carefully choose directions.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit is very good and great work life balance.

Cons: Difficult to get substantial raise or promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits and lots of vacation days

Cons: Outside of engineering, no one really works in the offices. I found that demotivating.
Advice: None
Pros: Electric Cars, Technology and being in The "D."

Cons: Career and compensation growth leaves some things to be desired. HR and SLT could use some new perspectives.
Advice: Find the talent and worry more about retaining it. I watched too many talented peers leave too early.
Pros: Work life balance with novel technical challenges

Cons: It's just like every other Big 3 and its a large corporation
Advice: None
Pros: good pay. Clear job responsibilities.

Cons: I'm post-VSP. Had a handful of questions and unresolved issues (remaining PTO not compensated as promised). Apparently I'm dead to them now that VSP is done. Not surprised but it's a bit rude. Promotional opportunities within organization did not seem to exist, though I personally was looking for that. Merit/Cost-of-living raises continually behind inflation. No stock options or discounted purchases. Lags tech industry approaches.
Advice: Follow up to nice words and intents.
Pros: Fair number of holidays given. Good people in general.

Cons: Shifting focus in management and leadership with an unbeareable amount of fast-paced changes
Advice: Find a better focus, put everyone in the same wavelenght and steer the course.
Pros: Good pay, good culture, good ambient, adequate growth

Cons: No cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Love the environment and the people , it was really fun to work there I only left to be closer to my family

Cons: None that I have yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome work environment. My team is organized and there is a direct line of communication between manager and direct reports. Pay and Benefits are also a plus.

Cons: - Very reactive to changes in industry and competitors - Stressful around vehicle launches or software releases - Communication from top level leadership has been poor as of recently - Lack of in house technology and dependence on suppliers can be frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: - Great upwards and lateral mobility if you're willing to work and network for it. - Interesting work and vehicles to work on - Flexible onsite work hours depending on your manager - Good pay and bonuses (As of recently)

Cons: Compensation is below market across the board for tech roles. The mandated return to office for everyone is nonsensical, and its enforcement is even worse The tech infrastructure has a lot of bureaucracy, so it can be difficult to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is well-respected, good flexibility to move around within the company, positive work environment, tech stack is good enough

Cons: No cons for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Great community, environment and opportunities

Cons: Working 9 hours on Saturday nights
Advice: None
Pros: Love the co- Worker in my surroundings

Cons: No heads up that layoffs were coming
Advice: None
Pros: My direct manager and lead were great. All of my coworkers were very nice and inviting.

Cons: Company only looks at you as a number
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is pretty good for the work that gets done

Cons: Executive leadership can be deceitful.
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work environment, great work life balance. Good organization structure.

Cons: Forced vacation during the week of July 4th. Deceitful tactics, won't pay you what the job is actually posted as/give you the correct job level (which you won't know unless you're already internal). Weird culture..very intrusive, they want to know everything about you and to "be vulnerable". Employees spend lots of time on internal yammer instead of actually working. They spend tons of money on advertising but won't pay people properly. WFH turned into RTO. HR is useless, don't bother going to them with any issues. Not a good place for professional growth.
Advice: Instead of spending money running commercials over the air all day long, spend that money on the employees. Keep your word, get rid of the bad apples in mgmt AND HR.
Pros: they pay $1500/yr to get a physical in a HSA. No wait to switch positions internally.

Cons: c-suite executives are loosing my trust. despite claiming to want to be the most diverse and equitable companies and always pushing their "one team" message, decisions seem to be made without considering the common worker.
Advice: get some common people on the board of directors, people who actually represent us. people with no incentive than to represent us, no extra pay. get a common engineer, a sales guy, a manufacturing union worker, etc. we cannot assume your decisions are made in good faith, we refuse to assume goodness when every decision lately seems to be the opposite.
Pros: there's always a lot to do. lots of opertuinities to learn. good pay, good benefits, good culture.

Cons: Outdated company culture, boomer mentality from upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Light work load, low stress environment

Cons: Takes too long to get hired in and receive benefits. Training in some areas could be a lot better.
Advice: So far so good.
Pros: Overtime available in some areas, benefits is good, and profit sharing bonus is nice.

Cons: Long hours and tedious work
Advice: None
Pros: Respectful culture and good direction from leadership

Cons: Can be slow to get on the team you want
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture. Opportunities if you hunt for them. Easy to disappear if you want.

Cons: Random Lay off's with no warning
Advice: Don't lay people off without warning.
Pros: Flexible hours and work day

Cons: - None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: - Not too stressful - Lot of learning opportunities

Cons: Poor senior leadership team, leadership structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Good growth opportunities, latest technologies.

Cons: Shortages in leadership forcing supervisors to work alternate shifts for coverage. Seeking long term resolve.
Advice: Hire direct through GM and cut out the contractors.
Pros: Great pay , cafeteria on site, gym on site open for all employees

Cons: Work life balance can be bad depending on team
Advice: None
Pros: Leaders can be understanding of any issues

Cons: Some teams work crazy hours depending on what their job entails or what area of the world team members are located in
Advice: None
Pros: -Good Benefits (vision, dental, health,401k) -Generally healthy work environment

Cons: Career growth is probably going to be slow since it takes about three years to move on to the next level
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid - I like the fact that we have to go in twice a week and WFH for the other days Good WLB - Not overworked and not underworked

Cons: very unorganized senior leadership with no future strategies
Advice: None
Pros: good life work balance and team members

Cons: Bad food and traffic jam
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworker and good enviroment

Cons: Full time work from home is no longer an option.
Advice: Keep up the great work in assisting your team with their careers .
Pros: They offer great benefits and really emphasize on trying to assist in building your career .

Cons: Would like to have more opportunities for career learning
Advice: None
Pros: Organized teams Great work life balance

Cons: Chooses in-person work over good employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture/people, great career development, decent pay/benefits

Cons: In each position you are restricted to working on your portion of the job.
Advice: I'm very happy with the managment. Continue with honestly bringing as much information to employees as possible.
Pros: Part of an exciting complex engineered product. Flexibility to work in many different areas. Surrounded by high talent.

Cons: Constantly changing and restructuring the org
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, great benefits

Cons: Mandatory saturdays. Ratchet environment. Physical work.
Advice: N/a
Pros: Fair wages. Great medical. Unlimited overtime. Bonuses

Cons: Working on various projects at the same time
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly work env to work and learn

Cons: bad/ no documentation on anything
Advice: start documentation for devs
Pros: competitive pay rate, great teammates

Cons: pay: the income growth is relatively slow for cyber/swe jobs location: you live in the detroit metro area
Advice: None
Pros: breadth of experience: it is rare to get 4 different engineering roles in just 2 years. it helps you build a diverse set of skills to market work life balance: between getting very generous PTO and shutdown weeks, the corporate culture typically ends at 5pm and never goes into weekends coworkers: the program actively puts you in touch with mentors and peers, very social! cost of living: detroit metro area is very very liveable on this wage.

Cons: lots of re-orgs and layoffs in recent years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work-life balance.

Cons: Work is on-site 2 days out of the week
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Work-Life Balance, and Team Atmosphere

Cons: Very slow moving. Could also be a pro.
Advice: None
Pros: Not much work, but that's a pro or a con I guess.

Cons: Layoffs are becoming a cyclical thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and vacation

Cons: Leadership is not transparent with workers
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is extremely nice and easy going

Cons: The bureaucracy can be a bit much in trying to get some things done. Also, not a lot training to upgrade your skill set. It very hard to progress in your career here.
Advice: Allow Mary’s policies and initiatives take hold more in the company.
Pros: The people, people and people make this place what it is…smartest and most talented group of people I have ever worked with in my career.

Cons: Work more than 40 hours per week
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse, technical, develop project management skills

Cons: Insane work hours, terrible work life balance.
Advice: Hire more people if you want to make vehicles faster.
Pros: Great pay and great benefits.

Cons: Hard to fight for work and get work assigned. Healthcare in Austin sucks
Advice: None
Pros: If you’re on the right team you get lots of help as a new grad.

Cons: Hours and shifts may be long
Advice: None
Pros: Money and opportunities. Better growing chances.

Cons: Rapidly changing and cutting labor
Advice: None
Pros: Flexable work schedule Good benefits

Cons: Underpaid Underutilized Stagnant Vertical Mobility Occasional Useless Middle Management
Advice: With the current structure where it's at, some middle management ends up in a role for far too long and become too comfortable/stagnant, which trickles down to the entire organization. Recent voluntary severances have dramatically addressed this problem, as many upper/middle managers will be leaving. Hopefully this will get some new ideas and creativity in the mix for the future.
Pros: Reasonable Workload Lots of Holiday/Vacation Safe Environment Lots of Horizontal Movement Opportunities

Cons: - Small raise (about 3% a year for NCH after new base)
- HR is not great about working to retain top talent
Advice: You need to overhaul HR. We may be a car company in terms of overall product, but for what you want to achieve we are a tech company now. 

You are competing with tech companies for talent. You need to pay tech salaries and offer the same level of upward mobility for younger talent, otherwise you will lose them. 

A lot of the people I started with about a year ago left because HR refused to give raises. Take a hard look at your managers and the ones hemorrhaging employees. They are killing your talent pools.

Stop hiring people with BI skillsets to software dev/java roles. They all leave and hate their lives (some I've heard working 60+ hours at my level for what was god awful pay). If you want top talent, pay at that level and allow the tech folk to actually run interviews. Don't let HR do the early stages, teams know what we're looking for.
Pros: - I have a great manager
- My org is fantastic and I've had the opportunity to meet with my vertical's director 1 on 1 before
- Work is interesting, I primarily develop Power BI dashboards, but also work with SQL in IT
- Rarely work over 40 hours

Cons: UAW contract got me "bumped" 3 times in 3 weeks. Including from 3rd to 2nd, so now I have no social life. In my area, (GPS CSS Blocks &amp; Heads) they are forcing us to work Saturdays most weekends. Other departments aren't working as much. Must take off holidays in first 90 days without pay. No benefits until you reach 90 day mark. Possible strike looming this fall. (2023)
Advice: None really. Management's hands are tied due to the UAW agreement and they know that. They are doing the best that they can with what they are required by the contract.
Pros: One of the best healthcare coverages on the planet, Good group of guys to work with. Lots of older/experienced guys to learn from. Management is pretty laid back and much less stress than my last job.

Cons: The environment is really slipping though, they are pushing an 'inclusive' workplace and want everyone to resolve their differences of opinions at work instead of just acknowledging we are all different and have different stances on various topics. Mid-level management either doesnt care about the workload and only cares about the inclusive, money saving workspace or they are completely incapable to perform their duties. Upper management seems to be overbearing and micromanaging. The culture has changed at GM for the worst. Engineers work from home, lots of confusion at work, little guidance.
Advice: stop micromanaging and encourage advancement within the company. Let people do what they were hired to do.
Pros: The pay for what I do blows away other positions outside of GM. Our healthcare is covered, 401k, etc all great.

Cons: Uncertainty with the job and constant re-orgs.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good and a lot of opportunities to learn.

Cons: Focus of the position Competition Liability Continuous licensing and certification
Advice: .
Pros: Specializations Work environment Salary Transferrable skills

Cons: Be wary of somewhat regular layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture and work life balance

Cons: Lots of fish in your pond
Advice: None
Pros: Modern office, fortune 100 company, opportunities

Cons: Slow moving company, management has no clue
Advice: None
Pros: Workload can be light depending on the time of the year

Cons: Long hours, more work than 1 person should have at any one time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM Pays well, working remote offers flexibility

Cons: Not challenging work, can get boring if not challenged, 2 days work in office
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, Managers are helpfull

Cons: Bad pay, low pay, drama
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, good environment , collaboration

Cons: Long hours and program timing keeps getting shorter.
Advice: Understand your people, know when burnout is happening. Also understand how they perform at work can be greatly influenced by their personal lives and situations.
Pros: I like the people. The company mentality has really turned for the better in the last decade.

Cons: a lot of wasted time in meetings
Advice: None
Pros: positive working environment, great work life balance

Cons: Too much turn over all over the company
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a great culture

Cons: Management and HR seemed incredibly disconnected on the future of the company and what to do with interns. None of my coworkers were able to mentor much as well due to placing me into a project no one had experience on.
Advice: None
Pros: I was able to work fully remote, coworkers were very personable and respectful, and I was able to see lots of exciting technology.

Cons: This is not applicable to me
Advice: None
Pros: Love the culture at the Proving Grounds

Cons: Long hours, far drive. Early start
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and lots of good people

Cons: long hours spent driving on the road
Advice: None
Pros: it was good pay and benefits

Cons: Sometimes get stuck with bad managers, frustrating programs, or bogged down by processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Hard to beat the pay and benefits. 20 vacation days, 16 holidays, unlimited sick time. Good healthcare.

Cons: - Lot's of uncertainty regarding job safety right now. Managers using layoffs as the "whip" to incentive workers to keep their job, may work for some and others not so. - Internal hiring freeze so I can't switch positions within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Company moves at an acceptable case in regards to getting things out. Every February the bonus comes out which is nice and we also get a yearly bump on our salary. Work is specific to which team you're in so make sure if you get hired you get some ample research on the teams.

Cons: Hard to move into management
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and PTO are very good

Cons: Its a massive company. With that size comes a lot of bureaucracy. Just something you have to learn to deal with.
Advice: Share more openly about the state of the business.
Pros: Leadership has been very supportive of me pursuing opportunities that I find interesting (within and outside of my function). I think thats a huge benefit - you can truly make your career whatever you want it to be.

Cons: They got a new guy in charge and he straight up laid off 1000 people so he can open new positions in the Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: The culture WAS good. It won’t be like that anymore.

Cons: too much reporting to leadership not enough resource support
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance good benefits

Cons: late feedback, not a leading company in the markeet
Advice: None
Pros: diversity, open discussion, respect each others

Cons: A long of work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and time off

Cons: Work life balance, not much upward mobility
Advice: Na
Pros: Great pay for the area

Cons: Extremely “corporate america” they promote innovate but nothing really every changes
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborate culture Good work / life balance Good 401k match

Cons: You will work really hard on some teams and communication on deliverables and annual reviews could use some work. Some people wont like how salary negotiations and annual reviews are done, but once again communication with your direct leader is going to make things much better. Degree requirements for leadership roles are honestly stupid and some people who are brilliant engineers make some of the worst people leaders I've ever seen. This has gotten much better over the years but its still a problem in some teams.
Advice: Strip degree requirements for more people leadership roles in engineering.  There are so many highly intelligent people that I work with that don't get a fair shake because of a degree they did 10-20+ years ago.   Experience and empathy for fellow coworkers is far more valuable then being able to do calculus proofs.
Pros: Huge transformation in the company profit, product, and culture since I joined. A significant amount or nearly all of the toxic leadership and old engineering "way of doing things" culture is gone which is HUGE. The company is headed in the right direction and I am proud to say I work here. Salary is great and I live a comfortable life with good work life balance. Education track program for new employees to learn different facets of the company is fantastic. There are many brilliant people at the company with so much incredible knowledge.

Cons: The HR Org structure overlaps duties and lacks accountability. Talent Acquisition has experienced near 100% turnover in the past 5 years and appears to garner zero respect from Sr. HR leaders. TA leadership roles are used a career stepping stone for HR "fast trackers".
Advice: Stop letting Sr Leadership's friendships /relationships drive the business.
Pros: Autonomy/ no micromanagement. Supportive leadership. Pay for level of responsibility is good.

Cons: High stress environment, overloaded with work as a new employee
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good for role

Cons: Trial by fire in purchasing. Office politics for promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, room for growth

Cons: Difficult to move up in same position
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at and great environment

Cons: - Manager doesn't take feedback well
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits - Bonus - Teamwork - Resources for personal development

Cons: They keep cutting and cutting and forcing people back to the office. Reduced staff by around 6500 this year so far.
Advice: Be transparent
Pros: The time off is great

Cons: A lot of mandatory Saturday work
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Great management Coworkers are willing to help if you ask.

Cons: Union representatives Uncaring Humans are robots Bad for hands No rest
Advice: None
Pros: None to tell Bad environment Horrible workers Dirty building Killer of mental

Cons: Management will continue to pile work on your plate until it is unmanageable. They will gladly take advantage of you to save a buck.
Advice: Act on the feedback you receive from direct reports.
Pros: Benefits and pay are good.

Cons: There are no issues with GM
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work for

Cons: Lower pay than other companies in this space, but this is okay since I get alot more free time
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work Life Balance when compared to other companies

Cons: They do not respect disabilities. If you're neuro-divergent, HEAVILY consider against informing management of your disability. If your manager doesn't understand, they can just give you bad performance reviews and not help steer you in the right direction. They will actively hold your projects (and experience, promotions, bonuses!!!) hostage if your manager does not care about you. HR is a big joke. Leadership is an even bigger joke.
Advice: Consider your 2022 Workplace of Choice survey you touted as "important feedback" in previous years!! The results were SO terrible from internal employees that leadership swept it under the rug!!!!!! The people are not happy here.
Pros: There are some friendly faces in the company that work their butt off

Cons: Management focuses on things do not matter
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, I would recommend GM.

Cons: Cross functional teams poor communication, customer focus can be poor
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, good compensation/benefits

Cons: Large sized company with long long history
Advice: None
Pros: Many researches and development projects for production applications

Cons: Very political climate in nature
Advice: None
Pros: Advancement opportunities if you get in with the right people and demonstrate your ability to deliver

Cons: Worked seven days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and Benefits. Great Coworkers.

Cons: - Good old boys club in some areas - Competitive environment hurts more than it helps - Lack of sponsorship for growth - Poor incentivizing does not result in good behavior - It's hard to get a promotion even when you're already doing the work and exceed the years of experience required. - Your time on the team could impact your performance review - It feels as though their using your age to decide whether or not to promote you
Advice: Managers need more training to become leaders. Implementing a rewards system is easy, but it doesn't address cultural problems.
Pros: - Innovative Products - Talented workforce ( a lot of people you can learn from) - Plenty of employee resource groups to join - Genuine people that want to help you develop and grow - Plenty of ways to give back to the community - You have several positions or products to explore - Available tools and resources at your disposal - Pay is good for the Midwest; finding other companies that can compete is hard. I can say the same for the benefits as well.

Cons: weather, heat, location, rain, sun
Advice: Keep going
Pros: People, place, time, location, options

Cons: The pay is decent, but not competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: They're very people focus and care about your career aspirations.

Cons: - Lower salary than tech companies
- L8 is the highest individual contributor level that is generally attainable. L9 is Technical Fellow and is extremely rare.
- No stock awards
- Median experience level (for developers) feels heavily skewed toward fresh out of college
- Old company, so lots of tribal knowledge, silos, and legacy software systems can be annoying
Advice: Keep up the good work on diversity and culture. Be careful about the imbalance between new college hires and more experienced developers. Make more levels beyond 8 for senior employees that are practically attainable.
Pros: - Great team culture, diversity, friendly coworkers, very flexible.
- Management really listens to feedback and tries to make changes
- Healthy work life balance
- 15 days PTO + 5 more after 2 years at the company on top of corporate holidays: New Years Day, MLK, Easter Fri+Mon, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Election Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Thurs+Fri, and the entire week of Christmas.
- Company car for L8 and above employees
- Bonuses are consistent and dependable because each level has a target percentage. For example L8 is 18% and then there are some multipliers based on performance and how the company is doing.

Cons: Long hours and is very demanding environment
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work/ flexible for employees

Cons: Endless annoying and overbearing meetings,
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits relative to the area and position

Cons: Mind numbing There’s not much room to grow since all you do is busy work They treat you like children
Advice: None
Pros: Super easy since you’re just chatting online with people Sometimes not even working Was able to pick up a ton of OT Great pay for what the job was

Cons: The culture could vary per team. Some aren’t as flexible or lenient and can be overbearing
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Good pay Work life balance Good culture

Cons: Constant project delays and pushbacks
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive teams, great management, good work life balance, decent benefits/pay

Cons: Scheduling sometimes but overall is good.
Advice: Be willing to work with them since they are willing to work with you.
Pros: Managers really work with you for employee and experience growth in many different aspects

Cons: Depending on the organization and direct leadership, some managers are not great to work with.
Advice: NA
Pros: Flexible and family friendly. Great benefits.

Cons: Short on resources so expectations are unfair
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay, pto and bonus eligible

Cons: IT always had to fight for resources
Advice: None
Pros: They have some really great benefits, and work is pretty relaxed.

Cons: Lack of growth opportunities in some areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous 401k matching and retirement.

Cons: Unfortunately, there is very little going on that is truly innovative compared to the size of the company and it can be easy to just become truly complacent or even apathetic.
Advice: Make it so that your title doesn't have to be "Vice President" to actually do meaningful things to push technology forward and make employees lives better. Also, get rid of the glorified seniority system for promotions. The oldest chief engineer is not necessarily the best choice. Empower some young talent to spot great opportunities for our products and temper than energy and boldness with wisdom on the operational side.
Pros: GM is so huge and so old that you can learn about anything relating to a car. Depending on where you are at, the job can be incredibly low stress.

Cons: Too much overtime, 2 Saturdays on one off. 9hr days.
Advice: None
Pros: Best Healthcare you can find

Cons: They employ bottom feeder management and employees. Witnessed employees getting high on the job.
Advice: Quit showing favoritism and improve your hiring process.
Pros: Subsystem employees get good benefits and GM discounts

Cons: Individual can be selfish and self serving
Advice: Honesty, fairness, and transparency goes a long way
Pros: Competitive compensation. Competitive benefits and matching

Cons: being temp or part time isn’t worth it.
Advice: Managements doing well i hold no grudges sometimes there’s been unfair treatment to older incapable employees with less seniority or that are temps to do harder jobs than capable of but for the most part they’re transparent about expectations.
Pros: when you become part of the full time union it’s not so bad.

Cons: Extremely hard to move between departments. Highly impossible moving between countries.
Advice: Please focus on talent retention. Policies should be people friendly. Without impacting budget you could move people to retain them. Loss will be GM's to not support free flow of talent within the organization
Pros: Good People to work with. Great Products.

Cons: TA is affected first-hand by the hiring rollercoaster that impacts both the company and industry on a cyclical basis. Someone coming in will need to be both patient/flexible to handle the ebbs and flows.
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work on some exciting programs and work with some incredibly talented/impressive individuals. The talent in TA is top tier and the ability to grow/develop into different areas of HR certainly exist. One has all the tools available to be a successful recruiter, with all the support from management. This place is never dull.

Cons: It’s all politics. Literally it’s pure favoritism. If one person doesn’t like, you will not be promoted, even years later with 100% CAP achievements.
Advice: Get rid of HRM groups that decide who gets promotions. DEI is a joke. If you are a biological woman who wants to create a family, you are literally considered a liability. Period.
Pros: Only thing good is the pay and they match 100% to 8% of what you contribute to your 401k.

Cons: -pay is a bit low -hard to standout at all
Advice: None
Pros: -work life balance is good -hybrid is adaptable -good location

Cons: .Warranty work does not pay enough
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work I like it

Cons: Still Automotive Industry and lots of overwork at time.
Advice: Keep moving in the direction of better work life integration.
Pros: Team was great and a learned so much. It was my favorite team to work with.

Cons: The workload can be overwhelming for new engineers and following the correct processes and procedures.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture at GM is great. Everyone works together as one time and we help each other to find quick solutions.

Cons: No cons to speak of other than no remote policy
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, great mission

Cons: None the job is actually chill
Advice: None
Pros: Always works and improve for growth

Cons: GM falls behind on innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance, Good people

Cons: Leadership blows Mike Abbott is going to screw things up
Advice: None
Pros: Cool people and awesome benefits

Cons: * outdated technology * no growth
Advice: None
Pros: * great work life balance

Cons: Will eventually lay you off Senior leadership will say one thing and do the other You feel undervalued and seen as an expense
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefits Good vacation time

Cons: Automotive is a very competitive industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Breadth of the assignments possible

Cons: Lots of paperwork and politics
Advice: Listen to employee feedback in annual surveys
Pros: Relatively good work life balance depending on what part of a program you are working on.

Cons: I genuinely cannot think of any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Motivated Employees, Collaborative Teams, Great Environment, and the ability to make a big difference on the world.

Cons: 50 hours a week which is typical in car sales. Weekends needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy position as long as you like people. Great pay and great learning opportunities.

Cons: Management is awful, untrustworthy No information Overload employees Raises - do not meet Inflation We were great to work during covid to keep their pockets full, resulting in our jobs being sent to Mexico and overseas. New motto is to not have subject matter experts.
Advice: Reduce coat by getting rid of unnecessary uppermanagement levels. Reduce cost by letting employees choose to work from home rather than go in 3 days a week where little gets done.
Pros: 401k benefit Tuition assistance Great colleagues talented people

Cons: None, nothing, nothing to say
Advice: None
Pros: Best company of motorsports in the world

Cons: salary level is ok, but not at the top of high tech industry
Advice: None
Pros: have a lot of holidays, balance between job and life

Cons: No, it is good company
Advice: None
Pros: We can working from home

Cons: Fewer opportunities for growing. Not a big tech company as Google or AWS
Advice: None
Pros: Good for starting a career as a Software Engineer

Cons: Sometimes opportunities can be given based on managers choice. Having a good relationship with your leader is important to get new opportunities.

Knowing systems and being able to use tools is a good trait but you must be able to communicate in a warm personable way to build relationships.

GM has a good work/life balance for most roles, but some positions or being a go to person for your manager, may mean working later, getting up earlier, or putting in more time and energy than your peers.
Advice: I think the management is doing a good job.
Pros: Able to Work from Home. Teams hold monthly calls to share on different topics. Periodic team gatherings in person for happy hour. 

FMP Future Manager Program - let your manager know you are interested in being promoted and would like to join this program. The manger is responsible for presented you as an applicant.

GM values engagement in groups that support the workplace. Its a great way to stand out from other employees, and network. They are called Workplace of Choice teams. Its is important to be engaged if you would like to grow your career.

Systems Microsoft Power BI - It is helpful learn how to use this tool and you will be a great asset to your team if you share/teach others to use it once you are hired.

Systems Microsoft Excel - Keep your excel skills fresh. Know how to create clean views of monthend performance for monthly performance reviews (vol, revenue, cost and profit). Also create adhoc analysis to help make decisions. a standard monthly, annual, and volume based view should suffice.

Cons: Woke-ism run amok and stuffed down our throats daily with emails, testimonials, videos, lectures, required brainwashing, etc
Advice: Focus of designing, building and selling vehicles and services that are a great values to consumers and stay out of culture, sex and identity politics.
Pros: Great team of coworkers and staff

Cons: Not enough vacation hours/time off
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Great benefits Strong union

Cons: Base pay is much below market average
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, 20 day vacation with unlimited sick days. Solid health insurance

Cons: Work from home opportunity is very less.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance Management is very encouraging

Cons: No negatives come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Great people that help each other

Cons: Indecisive on future Loudest in the room culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great campus Good engineers Work/life balance for the most part Vacation

Cons: low pay no stock options
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance good culture

Cons: Lots of politics when decision making
Advice: Great Company
Pros: The Company is people driven all time

Cons: Pay is less compared to others
Advice: None
Pros: Very good company to work for

Cons: Poor senior leadership and program directors.
Advice: Be respectful of others families time.
Pros: Good work life balance within the Aftersales division for CCA.

Cons: Advancement for all in an equal fashion.
Advice: Autonomy
Pros: Location for driving cost vs wages.

Cons: Early hours, few promotional opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, no degree required

Cons: - Poor program management. Unrealistic timeline to deliver milestone. - Overwhelming workload. No work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of internal opportunities to rotate - Inclusive working environment and company culture

Cons: Too many meetings; always changing tools.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, work from home

Cons: none to add at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. culture. pay. people.

Cons: stressful, not always supported by management, too many responsibilities for one person
Advice: None
Pros: best thing about GM was their benefits

Cons: few promotion opportunities for size of company
Advice: None
Pros: High pay, flexible work schedules

Cons: Work Life Balance Weekends, long shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, Benefits, Profit sharing

Cons: GM's evangelism of cultural diversity, inclusivity and acceptance is only applicable to those embraced as a part of their click or in-group.
Advice: GM's cultural value system is detached from its working reality due to not holding toxic managers or leaders accountable. When you find a way to hold managers and leaders accountable for upholding the "Good Ole Boy Network" at your firm then diversity will be attained and sustainable.
Pros: GM preaches a culture of inclusivity, diversity, and acceptance.

Cons: Never get an opportunity to advance. Its Salary versus hourly all the time.
Advice: Instead of talking down to employees, ask for their advice and be willing to entertain their ideas
Pros: They have a great benefits package. The pay rate is great to start

Cons: I don’t have any con yet.
Advice: None
Pros: I got hired as NCH and it’s been a year. I love my manager, she’s very attentive and cares about our growth. I have a great team so it makes my experiences good.

Cons: darn near everything else. way too much red tape
Advice: Remember what originally made your company great.
Pros: stability, salary, employee purchase program

Cons: Tend to get pushback from some tenured leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, work-life balance, competitive pay and benefits.

Cons: Due to WFH being so common, TRACK and EXCEL (new hire rotational and interns) employees were expected to carry the load of doing in person tasks because higher ups didn't want to waste time coming in. These tasks include gathering data and testing software. This led to a lot of extra commute as it was expected for us to work in both Warren and Milford.
Advice: None
Pros: All of the bosses and coworkers I had were very supportive and the culture was very good. You can get experiences with a lot of different systems to learn very fast.

Cons: Long daily hours that add up.
Advice: None
Pros: Many Holidays off to spend with family

Cons: General Motors relies heavily on SUVs and pickup trucks.
Advice: None
Pros: Being the leader and largest auto manufacturer in one of the largest auto market is a major strength

Cons: Mandatory ot, six day weeks, vacation allotment
Advice: None
Pros: Factory work. Set hours good pay

Cons: Takes longer to innovate and learn. Slow pace
Advice: Technical trainings and value technical leaders
Pros: Excellent work life balance. People organization

Cons: Time here was just for a check. Felt like a robot doing the same thing over and over again. All in all it just wasn't for me.
Advice: None
Pros: They have really great benefits

Cons: - had thought that job security was great, but with the number of layoffs I've seen it has been concerning - getting stuck in the wrong job or having a bad manager can make all the difference in your experience
Advice: None
Pros: - good work life balance IF you set boundaries on your time - resources usually available to do what you need - culture rapidly becoming very welcoming and accepting, though surely some pockets still exist where that is not the case

Cons: Senior leadership are out of touch
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work life balance there

Cons: Sometimes it’s really busy and a lot of late night meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work environment with a lot of support!

Cons: GM is a large company and is often faced with the bottlenecks associated with strong voices across different stakeholders in the industry. Continued evolution of the business to become more agile is a focus for the organization
Advice: None
Pros: General motors is effectively transitioning from ICE to EV vehicles, and extending the customer experience to excellence in safety, interiors, and automated driving. Utilizing it's manufacturing and operational excellence to transition in large scale will help change the landscape of the automotive industry

Cons: Sometimes they changed the systems very frequently.
Advice: They sometimes change the systems frequently.
Pros: The benefits are very good.

Cons: Very corporate not a lot of cross function work. employee performance system not built to reward hard workers multiple years in a row.
Advice: None
Pros: Always felt like my job was secure there

Cons: -Lack of quality data. -Too much data processing and redundant works -Lack of deep learning knowledge in the leadership.
Advice: Better organizational structures. Seems to happening...maybe too often.
Pros: -They let you model at least. Amazon might be the best option. -Hard to get fired.

Cons: Old technologies and unfriendly people
Advice: Replace management
Pros: Good WLB, can work remotel.

Cons: Limited opportunities for advancement Complacent leadership
Advice: Be more aggressive
Pros: Paid time off is great Flexible work environment Easy

Cons: Senior leadership and management openly lie to employees. No incentive to go above and beyond minimum duties resulting in poor quality solutions. Project leadership can never align on scope even after projects have started. Promotions very rarely happen without leaving the company and coming back.
Advice: Be more open and honest with employees. Reward employees more then a GM Recognition for exceling. Align on what the outcome of a project should be before it starts.
Pros: Great benefits and PTO. Good work life balance if your not a developer.

Cons: Heavy work load, very bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Exciting Projects, Great People

Cons: Offices Spread across the country and in person work still required. Typically working with people elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work with plenty opportunity to advance a career within GM.

Cons: Full time in person sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to get jobs within Good people Good standards

Cons: No respect for off hours or vacation time. Upper managers can treat subordinates with such disrespect it is shameful and embarrassing.
Advice: Get rid of the bad apples that are crippling honest feedback and morale.
Pros: Pay is decent although declining yr by yr, generation by generation.

Cons: Would be nice to have more available training.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work, great environment!

Cons: No cons to report at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, culture and benefits

Cons: Benefits are not great, you can get a high salary from their suppliers
Advice: None
Pros: You will learn a lot

Cons: Constant fear of lay offs
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and work life balance

Cons: Can be slow depending on team
Advice: None
Pros: Good company. Good salary and benefits

Cons: No real cons at this job
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits at this job

Cons: Long hours. Sometimes tough to breakthrough to new functional area.
Advice: None
Pros: A large company with numerous positions and opportunities. Pay is good with opportunities for overtime. Culture is good in a challenging environment.

Cons: Constant churn/change of direction. Understaffed for what they are trying to accomplish.
Advice: Staff appropriately for your goals. Pay a competitive rate so you don't lose so much talent.
Pros: Great benifits, time off, flexibility.

Cons: 1. Push to RTO is becoming more prevalent. 2. Leadership constantly lie and tell half truth's. 3. Recent shift in the way the company handles performance makes GM unappealing.
Advice: Be straight forward with your employee's about the state of the company.
Pros: 1. Pays well for the automotive industry, below Tesla 2. Decent Work Life balance if you stand your ground

Cons: Complete lack of transparency and truthful communication from top leadership.
Advice: The general workforce appreciates clarity and transparency a lot more than only telling us what you want us to hear. The lack of proper information leads to decisions made based on poor communication.
Pros: Tons of opportunities within company. Great people within the company as well.

Cons: You are expected to know everything under the sun and just know how to do it.
Advice: Value your employees a bit more
Pros: There are intelligent people who can help you with stuff

Cons: Slow room for growth. Need a good team
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Good working, env

Cons: Being forced to return to office in a hybrid role, growth opportunities can slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, Work/Life balance are great

Cons: Long hours and New Technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Salary Teamwork

Cons: There's too many managers that don't do much
Advice: Stop fighting for the next job and focus on doing your well
Pros: Pay is pretty good here

Cons: overworked, not enough management support
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and decent pay

Cons: Work with not so motivated new hires
Advice: Take EVS seriously
Pros: Work with bright college new hires.

Cons: no cutting-edge, long process for innovation work
Advice: None
Pros: Chill work, an easy interview process

Cons: - Top Heavy (Leaders everywhere)
Advice: The policy of developing leaders on all aspects eventually hamper the performance. You need skill and knowledgable persons more instead of leaders everywhere.
Pros: - Exposures - Rich library, training programs, software - Diversity

Cons: It could be very stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources to get your work done

Cons: Automotive industry cylycal. Might end up in job u dislike with not much choice
Advice: None
Pros: Better pay and benefits than other 2 big 3. Lot of days off. Some great teams

Cons: I tend to think the focus and strategy is somewhat misguided as of late. Job roles tend to be small in scope and limited in influence and exposure to the big picture. Promotion opportunities seem to be based on appearance (minority, gender, etc.) and focus on being inclusive and diverse rather than performance.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to grow professionally, to learn tried and true processes, to rotate to new jobs, and to work with a very diverse workforce. Amazing benefits and pay - very competitive.

Cons: May have to work several weekends.
Advice: Better training for Group Leaders should be offered.
Pros: This job allows you to work with people that have several years of experience in Maintenance and Production. You can come right out of college and develop as a true professional while working as a Group leader at General Motors just in a few years. Your good work will be rewarded with good pay, vacation time and benefits.

Cons: The work load and work/life balance varies pretty widely based on the project team and location you work.
Advice: None
Pros: IT offices are relaxed and allow part remote work. GM offers great health &amp; retirement benefits with insurance premium assistance and better than average retirement matching.

Cons: hard for promotion, too many people to compete with.
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work and try new technology

Cons: Yearly concern of layoffs, most of the years
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, decent remote work options, decent raises

Cons: No proper evaluation from upper level
Advice: None
Pros: better place to work with new technology

Cons: Not the top company in terms of pay
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Good work/life balance Room to grow in the company

Cons: STAY AWAY FAR AWAY THIS COMPANY IS WOKE AS A JOKE. I have worked here for 30 years and it is now a WOKE Company. No accountability for any minority. Management thinks that a minority is not allowed to be addressed in any way and instead just get moved until they fall in a useless made up job or even worse promoted higher!!!! Yes they promote them and even just tell some work from home. Management will not take the steps to address those underperforming and instead will go after those who complain about those who are underperforming. People are told to leave that person alone when it comes to addressing underperforming employees. Upper leadership even offered promotions to eliminate/fire employees who tried to be Bold and speak up for the truth. Company leadership are all fist bumper’s because they think they are too good for shaking your hand like when employees worked and were held accountable. I may sound disgruntled and it is because I am just mad to see a Great Company turn Woke. I am retiring and taken care of very well with a buyout that works very well for me but still to see a Great Company go with the Woke movement is just disheartening. So if you think you are a hard, dedicated worker, just stay away from here for now and find another company that is willing to just make money and NOT cower to a WOKE society.
Advice: Treat ALL employees the same. Quit cowering to minorities who underperform and only kept to keep your 80-20 numbers inline with federal guidelines. Fire them and find another until you get a good employee as they are out there so DO THE HARD STUFF and get rid of them because you are polluting the group of Great employees that you do have already. Seriously quit letting useless employees walk all over you. I sure hope with the quarterly reviews now going to occur that the company will pursue eliminating some of these deadbeat employees that think just because they are in a protected class it doesn’t mean that they are not protected from being fired for NOT PERFORMING THEIR JOB.
Pros: Constant employment and a abundance of overtime if you want to work it. Decent bonuses the last few years but not before then in which it was a disgrace.

Cons: Does get stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for good benefits.

Cons: Having to be here by 8am
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is great, the training is through and they do not just throw you in the fire when hired.

Cons: Technical management not very knowledgeable, your growth is questionable as leadership needs more leadership and education
Advice: Keep educating your self, stop slacking
Pros: Not too demanding, good work life balance

Cons: Layoffs are cold hearted when they occur
Advice: None
Pros: Pays higher than others OEs

Cons: The office locations are not in desirable areas, and commuting is long due to traffic.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with diverse opportunities

Cons: Burn out is common with this organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to move with in the company for professional growth.

Cons: downsizing, life work balance, communication not as good as it be
Advice: None
Pros: Career driven. Alot of knowledge obtained

Cons: Not a great base pay
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work life balance with great benifits

Cons: Provide more resources to projects
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salaries Great benefits Good bonuses Flexible with remote work

Cons: Need to promote more people internally
Advice: None
Pros: Good Place to work here

Cons: return to work 3 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: The incentives, benefits, and bonuses

Cons: The workload piles up and is tedious Poor systems/process
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance Competitive pay Great benefits Good work environment

Cons: negative environment communication poor management work schedule
Advice: None
Pros: polish your skills networking create opportunities ability to learn new things

Cons: Unfortunately the workload that is expected out of people as we shrink the work force is too much to handle.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, lots of paid holidays and vacation. Also the parental leave policy is awesome compared to other companies.

Cons: Lower salary compare to others
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment to work in

Cons: Work/Life balance is way off.
Advice: Work/life balance, training and upward movement for talent.
Pros: Great money and a team atmosphere.

Cons: Too many levels of Management. Decisions sometimes can be delayed
Advice: None
Pros: Management communicates very well and is becoming very cognizant of work/life balance. Just like weather in Michigan...if you don't like it, just wait. There are so many different types of roles in the company

Cons: - lots of spreadsheets and spreadsheet jockies
- most communication is via email with tons of technical documentation and work done via email as well (people generally understand or have a desire to learn the tools that are available to them)
- lots of "legacy people" meaning resistance to change new ways of doing things (not necessarily "old" people, just people who are not tech savy) 
- waaaay too much process, everything needs to be approved by several levels of "governance or control boards" with several people on it ... but of course that may just be the only way to do things in a production environment idk.
- too much legacy debt and variation that is a drag on the company.
- too much useless training and too many poorly designed clunky internal systems ... : 3 words "undifferentiated heavy lifting" probably .... or is that 4 words? 
- excellent place to work if you are super competitive type of person that likes to self-promote and make tons of presentations to management
(oh did I mention the presentations?) and sit in boring meetings all day.
I could go on ...
Advice: - simplify vehicle portfolio and leverage software to "manifest" complexity which is easier to manage and scale
- Maybe divest from the "production"  or "manufacturing" side ... or perhaps just split these into two different orgs?
- idk I'm not a c-suite executive so who cares about what I say?
Pros: - Decent salary in Detroit area
- Really nice people to work with
- People are professional and tend to be polite
- Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion fad is nice ...
- Managers are nice.

Cons: Bad luck of having a toxic manager who does not support or work at all
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to add new employee' exposure

Cons: Drama. The union is not on your side. Opt out of union dues. Management is very scary here. It’s a revolving door with how many people come in and out of here. General Forman stated “Who wants this smoke”. Yelling at everyone. The union will not protect you but go behind your back. This place is criminal. Cannot believe it is still running.
Advice: For starters: stop threatening people and intimidating them. People literally have family emergencies and they get written up if they don’t have enough time to support the absence. I swear this place is inhumane.
Pros: Benefits, profit sharing and nothing else

Cons: Very strict on everything and y'all don't get profit sharing
Advice: None
Pros: You were employed by gm

Cons: Legacy employees treat new employees with insults. Ridicule and make jokes about them.
Advice: New workers want a pleasant work environment. Harder to do a good job when being criticized, laughed at, and making fun of. I am willing to learn. I can do great work. I want to be your best worker, but how can I with terrible unfriendly long time employees making life difficult.
Pros: Good pay for the job. UAW is OK. Bosses are nice people.

Cons: Heavy lifting, machines break down all the time
Advice: Hear us out listen to what we have to say
Pros: Overtime, double pay for Sundays, and double pay for the first 90 days of work and then you get triple pay for holidays

Cons: Very big organization can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Frequent layoffs. No career growth
Advice: None
Pros: No one can beat their benefits and holidays.

Cons: Sometime difficult to navigate process and red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: The Work Life Balance is great

Cons: not that many cons but cons
Advice: None
Pros: good and very good but very good

Cons: Leadership changes directions a lot and lots of reorgs. Pay is slightly lower than expected standards but good benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues are a pleasure to work with. Good work-life balance.

Cons: Forced Hybrid (although I wanted remote) Lack of talent around you
Advice: Hire more qualified developers and stop paying low salaries to people who do nothing. Instead, get rid of them and pay decent salaries to fewer people who actually contribute.
Pros: Great benefits Low Expectations Fairly Flexible

Cons: Leadership is full of lies and deceit. They tell you no plans of back in person, and then force you a few weeks later. They said 0 planned layoffs, next month, they lay a bunch of people off. The team I was on had little to no direction, so tasks were not so well defined.
Advice: Maybe don't lie or beat around the bush. If you won't bother to listen to everyone's feedback, don't waste people's time doing those meetings.
Pros: Pay and benefits are okay.

Cons: You probably need to be lucky to do work you want to do
Advice: None
Pros: There is work life balance

Cons: Terrible management, terrible work life balance.
Advice: Follow your own mission statement Safety is our over-riding priority. Would be great if it was followed.
Pros: Union benefits and decent wages, not worth your health.

Cons: good good good good good
Advice: None
Pros: none none none none none

Cons: 6-7 days per week work!
Advice: None
Pros: Work hard you will go places

Cons: management discriminates against people of color
Advice: None
Pros: Good job if not discriminated against

Cons: Low pay at entry levels
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and awesome leadership

Cons: Because GPS is in Manufacturing, you're expected to work pretty long hours and overtime that isn't always compensated. In my first rotation I was working 50 hr weeks, and on my second one I'd travel for hours on the weekends to reach suppliers. That extra travel was paid for by GM in both hotels, meals, and car rentals, so honestly the extra time wasn't super bad. In some rotations your supervisor will let you set your own hours so its not as bad.
Advice: None
Pros: In the TRACK program you have 4 rotations, each lasting 6 months, with a different team in a different part of your field. For a Manufacturing engineer that's awesome because I get to explore what its like working on the floor, with suppliers, with Design teams, and a whole ton of other people. Its a great way to explore what careers are possible while also having a 'get out of a bad position free' card every 6 months

Cons: Poor work life balance, that will hopefully improve
Advice: None
Pros: Is a good job to earn a living and support a family

Cons: If you dont take your own initiative, you will just be part of a larger machine.
Advice: None
Pros: Its a great place to learn if you are a self starter. Good work life balance

Cons: - Too many meetings - Promotion
Advice: Non3
Pros: - Good benefits - HSA - 401K contribution - Opportunities to grow

Cons: Communication from leadership to the company
Advice: Stop the BS RTO, all the developers don't work better in the office environment. It's counter productive
Pros: Good work life balance for a tech role

Cons: Huge company means impact will sometimes be minimal
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, some interesting work, great flexibility, good people

Cons: Travel too much and bad leasers
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for employees

Cons: Inefficient process with the many layers of leadership levels for approvals.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, forward thinking. Great comradery with coworkers and energetic atmosphere.

Cons: You can get siloed very quickly and as a nch you are at the liberty of placement.
Advice: None
Pros: Great worklife balance, good people.

Cons: Overly complex at times On call 24/7
Advice: Continue to streamline Empower decision making at the lowest level possible Keep strengthening the portfolio
Pros: Diverse opportunities Good pay and benefits Excellent CEO Strong products and brands

Cons: Way too much Union Drama.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and Benefits and Annual Bonus.

Cons: Can be a little slow sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work most of the time.

Cons: Front line managers are incompetent and are allowed to retaliate. Solid Ol boys network. Yearly bonus' are good, but you can go several years without a raise or 100 percent of your bonus. If you have an ok job, PLEASE do not quit it to come to GM. You will regret it. HR only cares about protecting the managers. Has a reputation for over-hiring, and then layoffs follow.
Advice: 
Pros: Benefits are good, lots of vacation time.

Cons: Corporate set raises are poor, understaffed, union is difficult to work with. Lots of weekend work is expected.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation package, insurance, bonus. Overtime is paid.

Cons: Terrible management and Unfair treatment
Advice: Need to talk to team leaders about the disrespect, communication and lack of accountability
Pros: Easy jobs with Good pay

Cons: poor work life balance, weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, salary, 401K match, paid tuition

Cons: outdated tech and outdated methodology
Advice: None
Pros: Its a good place to start out but after 2ish years I would start looking elsewhere

Cons: Trying to grow from waterfall into Agile.
Advice: Retain your best employees.
Pros: Most everything was likable about the work I did.

Cons: Lacks empathy towards employees and corporate awareness is bleak.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and PTO are strong.

Cons: return to office and layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: great vacation and work life balance

Cons: Compensation is too low for software engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance and supportive colleagues

Cons: if the team/project are bad then you get stuck a bit
Advice: Don't get rid of the seniors in favor of NCHs
Pros: If your team/manager is nice you can learn a lot and try things out, chill pace

Cons: They should have allowed remote work.
Advice: None
Pros: takes care of their employees

Cons: No work life balance. Plants are too far away from home. Union is subpar. Management is dicey. Breaks are too short.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay if you can handle all the hours.

Cons: Poor management /sabotage/ high turn over rate
Advice: Need to create an unbiased / business oriented / non discriminatory working environment
Pros: Good pay/ clean working environment/

Cons: Blatant racism, toxic coworkers, awful infrastructure, very frugal management
Advice: None
Pros: Management was nice, smart individuals here and there

Cons: With market demands, new employees are hiring in at near senior employee pay ranges. Not doing a good job at taking care of existing employees.
Advice: Take care of your current employees.
Pros: Decent work life balance for engineering.

Cons: Its a large company so requires a strong network to get the job or promotion you want. Difficult for mid-career hires due to coming in with weak networks as prior experience is overlooked at GM and not really considered.
Advice: From the Finance side I would add an Operational Controller where Controllership and Finance report into. A top leader whose focus is improving the day-to-day aspects of the department vs the hitting external targets for Wall Street.
Pros: Good values and company generally looks to help individuals succeed in their career

Cons: TERRIBLE communication. They put everyone in the plant even when we asked not to be in a plant setting. PLANT LIFE IS TOXIC AT GM. 4 am starts and 6-7 days a week. They promote work place balance, but that only works well for those in the office. I don’t think working in the plant we are even considered in any decisions made above.
Advice: There shouldn’t be management against the union, you should be working together. Instead I watched as they picked on certain employees and made it a toxic environment for everyone. I’m sure working in the office is a lot easier.
Pros: Got to meet an abundance of people. Learned new skill sets

Cons: Money was not worth it. Poor management, onboarding was non existent, everybody seemed to be somebody’s family member, lots of old people, the office looked like it was from the 60’s, nobody knew what they were doing
Advice: Shut down
Pros: Pay was good, entry level financial analyst position paid $84.5k, also had good benefits

Cons: Very hard work, no room for growth, not flexible with schedules
Advice: None
Pros: Learn valuable job skills, good pay, learn work ethic.

Cons: Below Average Salary benchmark for the current growth. Managers with poor leadership qualities, biased and no clear communicators. Turnover rate is high.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and bonus opportunities, most groups have good day to day flexibility, nice perks (i.e., company car at certain levels, $1,500 annual HSA contribution, 4% company match on 401K, 12 weeks of maternity and paternity leave).

Cons: - Unstable - Management doesn't think before sending emails - Hypocritical
Advice: None
Pros: - Easily get promoted - Paid fairly

Cons: Probably the most unhappy I’ve been in my career, if I’m being honest. On my work-steam, nothing ever gets done or moves forward because of a lack of direct communication and feedback from management. Additionally, it seems that you are micromanaged or undermined as an employee in favor of easing political tensions with grown adults. It’s a really strange dynamic and causes consistent whip lash or lack of direction. It’s as if everyone is treated like they can’t handle feedback or direct communication. Additionally, I was verbally offered a different job on the same team and was hoping that would make my life at gm better, but now it’s completely up in the air and I can’t get any clear information about the status. Again, lack of transparency and honesty… The company paid to move me across the country and I’m tied in via relocation contract for 2 years. I’m almost done with one and am honestly looking for a way out. I’m pretty disappointed that I moved across the country and got dealt such a bad card. Even more disappointed that the company doesn’t seem to want to fix it. I’ve given feedback and nothing has changed, unfortunately.
Advice: Manage, but don’t micromanage! Stop trying to save face with collaborators and let employees make the moves. We are the ones who do it everyday and know what changes might make big impacts.
Pros: Pretty good work life balance, good pay

Cons: Pay and boring work and lots of red tape
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: Depends on team, but WLB could be one

Cons: Low pay in software industry
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance overall

Cons: Won't let you choose your laptop
Advice: None
Pros: They offer some good benefits

Cons: It takes 2 years and you might get full time and longer to get hired. No raises from the time you start till you do get hired. If they cancel Saturday you lose those hours. GM is not what it was 15 years ago
Advice: treat everybody the same! They have their favorites and give them the gravy jobs.
Pros: Union does help when you have a problem. Learn different jobs

Cons: Easily downsizes teams and let people go.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, good compensation

Cons: Slow in new technology adoption
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: Slow development and usage of technology
Advice: None
Pros: very helpful and energetic team.

Cons: sometime lose sight of importance of employee engagement
Advice: Care more about diversity and inclusion. Used to be known as a diverse employer but that seems to be changing.
Pros: strong base pay, generous benefit package, annual profit sharing

Cons: Lack of loyalty towards hard working employees. 
Advancement is tricky 
Long demanding hours and burn out is likely.
Low inventory for cars with high expectations still in place.
Pay cuts despite employees being over worked.
High turnover with poor training 
Management believes employees are replaceable numbers so remains robotic towards lower hires.
Job promotions have little rhyme or reason.
Poor communication with staff to management.
As management we are warned against fraternizing with sales team so we can keep them in check.
I did not enjoy managing my team in this capacity. We burned people out without apology and let them leave if they complained.
Management has deaf ears as to quality of life of the staff. I was not happy implementing the low standards of care for the employees.
Advice: Treat your staff with higher consideration so nice they are the backbone of your money.
High turnover effects morale and quality of care for the clients.
Management gives little regard for families and penalizes those who need to care for children.
Advancement is only for those who give their life away to the business just to find out later you are only as good as your last month.
Recognize your top employees with quality of life measures, especially if you are cutting pay during record profits.
High turnover is in the foreseeable future and is hurting morale.
Most people are job hunting as I type.
Pros: Quality employees with strong work ethics.
401K is highly matched 
Brand new offices and building

Cons: Management is disconnected from the individual contributors / direct reports. Within feet of each other and communication is terrible. No work direction - not sure what's expected of me at work on a daily basis. Assigned a new role almost immediately after being hire and the pay now doesn't reflect the job I originally applied for (pay should be about 15-20% higher based on role change).
Advice: Establish a base set of core activities and work direction for new employees. Meet initially on a weekly basis for the first 3 months. Then bi-weekly the next 3 months. Finally, meet monthly after that to calibrate and find opportunities for improvement/growth.
Pros: Adequate salary / benefits for the job applied for. Good team I'm working with - comradery and trust. Work/life balance for the role is great.

Cons: Communication among internal teams needs work
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive team. One team culture

Cons: Glass Door they made me put this review in and fill out all fields before I could start an account I have nothing bad to say about it
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits flexible work nice people lots of opportunities to learn

Cons: I cant think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Great work life balance

Cons: Nepotism and politics play a huge role in company. People get ahead because of who they know in some cases. UAW rules/abuse can be frustrating.  Company trying very hard to manage toxic behavior but I've never seen more in my professional life.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous pay with large yearly bonus. Internal promotions. 16 holidays + Christmas to new years shutdown paid. Tons of vacation, 4 weeks after 2 years. Maternity and paternity leave is generous. Lots of pros.

Cons: - hard to get raises or climb the ladder quickly - can be pretty bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: - stable and secure job - lots of experience to be had in company - personal life balance was big within the company

Cons: culture, people are scared, bonuses are paid but are dictated by leaders
Advice: fix the culture. add more value
Pros: lots of movement, lots of change, great pay

Cons: Can't trust senior leadership. They walked back on so positive company policies.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and perks are Okay. I probably don't make as much as I could/should but it's not horrible. Actually I probably make more here than I could make any place else in metro Detroit. Car discounts are okay. Could be better with the higher price of cars. I really can't afford to lease the cars my company makes.

Cons: Lot of politics and need god father/mother for carrier growth
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work environment depends on which team you are in.

Cons: Changes in industry brings lot of chaos within the organization
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Too many reorgs. Otherwise I can't think of something else.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to learn and commitment from management to try new ideas, and learn from mistake. Management is willing to pivot direction if needed for the better of the company and its people.

Cons: Your car discount isnt much to call a discount. Anything is better than nothing though. No work sponsored team building/events.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, friendly people, have not had a bad manager

Cons: Long term Temp Non flexible hours
Advice: None
Pros: Develop your skills Great Environment

Cons: Standing for long periods of time
Advice: None
Pros: Good air conditioning Wonderful breaks

Cons: skill development is limited in role
Advice: None
Pros: strong work-life balance respected boundaries flexible work hours

Cons: Not that bad to work at
Advice: None
Pros: Great great great great great

Cons: Long days, 7 days a weak. High production requirements
Advice: Increase efficiency with days off
Pros: Very friendly and treat everyone with respect.

Cons: Dynamic Team settings that rotate/reassign to another team frequently
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment to work. Nice people in the team

Cons: Leadership is going to have a hard time earning back trust after return-to-office fumbles and VSP.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are solid, 401k matching

Cons: Lots of process to get work done.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Teammates are well versed and nice

Cons: Not so great team dynamic
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay at this position

Cons: A lot of restructuring organization with budget cuts, so people are getting pulled into teams that they didn't want.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty good compensation or benefit

Cons: Not much training Fires you for nonsense
Advice: None
Pros: Air conditioning Met local celebrities Friendly Staff

Cons: Were starting to require employees to return to campus 3 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous amount of holidays, vacation, and paid company shut down last week of the year. Company is really focused on employee satisfaction.

Cons: Massive corp Insane amount of lingo
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Genuine people

Cons: Bad cafeteria and good food lots of freebies
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and jolly good time working there, free food

Cons: no bonus offered for the same work as legacy staff
Advice: None
Pros: having a steady job and weekly pay

Cons: There is no transparency. Leadership will always make promises they do not intend to keep. You will continue to move forward with an understanding of a plan, then when it comes time for promotions or raises, they tell you they will catch you up at the next review. It rarely happens.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits including 401k, bonus, healthcare

Cons: Promotion opportunities No stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Remote work Hybrid work Vacation Time

Cons: Some projects have delays / uncertainty which is typical
Advice: None
Pros: DRE Wonderful to work here

Cons: Everything from culture to morale is toxic.
Advice: None
Pros: You got great death survival benefits

Cons: Terrible management. I've been on 2 teams now where the project turns into an absolute dumpster fire because the managers are awful. On top of that they will take absolutely 0 responsibility for anything going wrong with the project.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Lots of PTO

Cons: Constant shutdowns and temporary layoffs
Advice: Hire management from within instead of outside from completed different industries
Pros: Decent pay when you’re able to work

Cons: bad sometimes but cool sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: good fast nice cool nice

Cons: Sometimes you have forced overtime but not more than 2 hours unless you wanted more hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Benefits, loved working with coworkers they were like family.

Cons: If you are a woman, stay out of the fabrication jobs. I just watched 2 highly skilled women get driven out by the good ole boys club. Sexual harassment and sexist comments and discrimination run rampant in the fabrication shops.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors has competitive benefits, salary, and bonus structure. Working with the talent in the studios is amazing. Highly skilled, creative, professionals.

Cons: salary is still under market value
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are decent enough to get you by

Cons: - Current group of coworkers feels chaotic as so many people are retiring, moving to other functions, or are newcomers. 
- There’s all this “talk” about the “invisible hand” (pressure to work faster/harder without regard to safety) but it doesn’t seem like anyone’s actually doing much about it.
- Have seen a coworker engineer work crazy hours without rest (5am to 11pm) due to team pressure and get burnout
- Archaic software still being used, many hours of training required to use them
- Benefits are not as good as other “tech” companies
- Mostly remote but still requires relocation to Michigan 
- Warren campus cafeteria is closed
- Probably not a good sign that I’m looking elsewhere already after only a few months of working here
Advice: None
Pros: - Somewhat decent pay
- 401k benefits
- Alright locations, nice engineering building, small gym. 
- Get to ride test vehicles
- Hybrid/mostly remote
- Networking events amongst entry level engineers

Cons: Need to promote more internal team.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is Technology company and Manufacturing company.

Cons: Too much politics and bureaucracy that go into GM. They don't care about you. Managers don't care about you too, and will mostly lie to you with positive words without actual criticism, so you're mostly in the dark. At the end of the day, GM is a corporate company.
Advice: Be more transparent.
Pros: Good company to getting your foot in the door as a software developer/engineer

Cons: Very complicated systems to deal with
Advice: More training
Pros: Good pay Alot of resources

Cons: No longer offer a pension plan to salary workers
Advice: None
Pros: Great People. Great opportunity to make a difference

Cons: Where do I start. The last 3 years have been a political hurricane. Employees have been at the frontline of every PR move by the company to look good. Remote work to get pushed to not remote work. Then have no real communication on what exactly RTO means because every org has a different meaning. We forced people to relocate for a job they hired into as remote. After they relocated we terminated them and forced them to pay back relocation assistance. Nepotism is like wild fire here. Discrimination is the blood of this company despite the internal front page postings of inclusive environments… only inclusive to certain folks who know certain folks. Pay is extremely out of touch to other OEs. Yearly reviews are 100% a joke. There is no incentive to perform as you can be a top performer or a bottom performer regardless of accolades and regardless of doing things outside of your job description and still just get a par review. The attempt to fire people who got sub par reviews without any sort of leader 101 of career development has done nothing but demotivate us even more.
Advice: GM used to be a place I enjoyed working at. The last 3 years has slowly bled out morale, motivation and has caused mental health issues for a great deal of its employees. I would recommend getting out of the cubical and actually having a safe space conversation with people 1 on 1. Hopefully they are bold enough to tell you the truth. Lastly, you would be shocked how little your leaders do and how much the ICs do their work and even build their presentations and reports FOR YOU.
Pros: Getting 3 weeks of vacation to start is inviting. The only other positive aspect has been the work life balance.

Cons: lack advantage in local market
Advice: None
Pros: rotational opportunities mentorship work-life-balance good benefit

Cons: earning potential capped by corporate levels
Advice: hire diverse crowds
Pros: Promotion from within the company

Cons: Advancement can be very politically biased
Advice: Consider the customer in product planning, you can't skip the customer and go straight to pleasing Wall St.
Pros: Work life balance and pay are very good

Cons: some times work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Hybrid model, new technology, growth opportunity

Cons: Company got bloated within 3 years after bankruptcy.  Lessons learned through BK were lost.
Advice: Bring back a proper Blazer!
Pros: I enjoyed a long and rewarding career at GM, and took advantage of the many career options made available.

Cons: SLT needs to get their stuff together
Advice: Listen to the workers
Pros: Good management and great EGMs

Cons: Traditional, old, distance, salary, diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Team building, job security, growth

Cons: Management is never on the same page. Communication is trash. Morale is in the tank. Hours are LONG.
Advice: Get it together. Stop expanding the divide between hourly and salary. It’s supposed to be a TEAM environment and it is very much the opposite.
Pros: Great benefits. Easy, but physical, labor.

Cons: Process from application to hire date was extremely long.
Advice: There could be an issue for those becoming a Group Leader for the first time and may need more in depth training. Noticed a few new hires in this role get a walk through for two days then thrown to the wolves. There should be a chance for those individuals to have a longer training period due to backgrounds varying in leadership experience.
Pros: Great benefits, culture, support system, and training process.

Cons: - Wants to be a “tech company”, but does not want to pay “tech company” salaries
- Many orgs still use antiquated software practices
- Pressure to deliver makes many people and leaders resistant to change because they need to deliver in the short term and cannot afford to make a change which would be better for the long term 
- Many “Software Engineers” are hired (usually from within the automotive industry) with little to no programming experience
Advice: - Hire software engineers from outside the automotive industry
- Continue to push for modernization, especially for the software orgs
- If you really want to be a tech company, you will have to compete with other tech companies in terms of benefits packages
Pros: - Slowly starting to use modern technology and practices for software development 
- Strong leadership effort to modernize company
- Hardware engineering and manufacturing talent is top tier, lots of opportunity to learn from them
- Good opportunity to influence company as it transforms itself 
- Very flexible work from home arrangements 
- Good 401k and insurance benefits

Cons: Not a lot of transparency in how far-reaching decisions are made.
Advice: None
Pros: Prioritizes growth of team members and works hard to retain top talent.

Cons: Good luck getting promoted... this will take an act of god.
Advice: None
Pros: Very professional and focused on employee development

Cons: Long commute time. Too big
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, plenty of opportunities

Cons: Dumb management is clueless about maintenance
Advice: Listen to people who actually perform the task
Pros: Open OT is available everyday

Cons: Pay could be higher comparatively
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is really well

Cons: None, a lot of hours , it was a great job
Advice: None
Pros: I had the bast job ever. I traveled all over the country doing Auto shows.

Cons: Lay off every other month is the bad thing there
Advice: Temp workers are also human beings. Also give them some benefits like full time workers.
Pros: Great environment with friendly people helping eachother.

Cons: Manager retaliates, never want to conduct a two way conversation! For example, everything is well I know this and I know that, without even once in any 1:1 nor review asking my goals are what I want to achieve! Everything is taken as a challenge to this manager, for example I asked how could I improve to get more. This manager got upset, and it showed in the actions towards me! This manager is targeting me on everything! What this manager think they know about my goals, they try to convey discouraging words to me as often as possible to let me know, I would never get the support needed to transition! It’s always, there are no roles in that area available, or even if there is a posting no one can give you the job… you have to apply… but that doesn’t mean you’re the best candidate! Making statements like that, as if anyone has ever given someone of my background anything, a person like me always have to be over qualified and then some. Nevertheless, to add insult as if I don’t know that if there’s a posting I have to apply! It’s like this manager speaks to me like I am ignorant and don’t have excellent understanding! This manager likely has belittled me so much to HR and their direct reports, just to tarnish my reputation! But what goes around comes around! Karma is a mutha! No weapon will ever form against me! The more this manager scandalize my name out of pettiness and continue retaliating… God see’s all, I don’t have to do anything but pray for that person! Because obviously, they need it to extract Satan out of them! Furthermore, this manager lies like nobody business, I mean, of course there are roles available in what I would prefer to do. But the fact that this manager tried to discourage that goal from me is just so disappointing! The only thing I truly have going for me under this manager that they can’t cut down is my work ethic and performance! Unfortunately, I will never get anywhere career wise with this person of authority being spiteful toward me! GM as a company needs to invest in training managers on communicating with employees, and how to handle situations that may anger a manager because it’s not what they want for that employee! That’s all fine and dandy, an employee and manager can agree to disagree on topics! However, a manager should be trained to handle the employees of that will not kiss butt or hype their ego up! Excessively using the little authority they have to cast a negative perception of me is unwarranted and has to stop! It’s not right to retaliate! That’s the part this manager should be careful about! It’s becoming an annoying pattern. I am documenting it!
Advice: Stop being petty! Stop retaliating! Take at least one moment to talk with your employees and ask them their goals etc., instead of starting a 1 on 1 or review with… “ I already know xyz, that’s the most frustrating thing an employee can hear”! When horrible managers like that get to that level that they know it all, without ever asking the employee… what’s the point of the 1 on 1 or review… just send an email of what you have cooked up based on your thoughts about that employee! That employee needs not to waste the 10 min to hear you state you know everything! It’s infuriating, and it truly shows your competence as a manager! I would never consider my assigned manager a Leader… Something I feel GM has missed the ball on when hiring and poorly developing these managers! There needs to be sensitivity training, listening training, and communication training! The basics!
Pros: Time off, vacation, hard to find pros

Cons: No cons. ANYONE CAN work at gm.
Advice: None
Pros: Management encourages new talent and acknowdlege the hardwork put in by employees

Cons: Dev leads lack, they mostly will just pass off tasks and development to other devs and usually do the bare minimum. Management can be rough at times.
Advice: None
Pros: The team I work with is amazing and all the developers I talk to are all great people who are also good at what they do. The work life balance is great if you focus on it. Its easy to get pushed into working many hours over.

Cons: Some people might not like rotating and networking every six months.
Advice: NA
Pros: Rotations helps us get experience in various fields.

Cons: Difficult transition time for the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great company vision and leadership team

Cons: A lot to learn in 6 months for each rotation but well worth it!
Advice: None
Pros: Welcoming environment and upper leadership loves engaging with TRACK employees

Cons: Under level pay, good for entry level
Advice: None
Pros: Work and life balance is good

Cons: Office location in Austin was previously a warehouse
Advice: None
Pros: They have amazing benefits including Christmas week company wide shutdown. My boss was very forward thinking which is imperative in tech.

Cons: There are some at night meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: There are good people here.

Cons: The government won't let them fail. It is not a sustainable business model.
Advice: None
Pros: I can think of nothing worth riding in the dehumanizing shitbag of a dumpster fire that they call a corporation.

Cons: Recently they’ve handled communication with employees poorly, especially over big company wide decisions Return to in-person was forced and faced backlash
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, strong company culture (within specific teams), lots of ERGs

Cons: Work can be unrewarding at times Project work can ramp up extremely quickly
Advice: None
Pros: Management genuinely cares about your career interests Work from home flexibility Free EV Charging available

Cons: There are no cons to this job it’s all negative
Advice: Get a new job
Pros: I was let go because of lies and they did nothing to help

Cons: Auto industry can be volatile. In and out of hiring/spending freezes. Inconsistent budgets.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, great people. Lots of opportunity.

Cons: No option to work remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at this company is an excellent experience as it boasts a well-organized work environment, and the managers are highly supportive of their team members.

Cons: Top leadership tend to have mood swings.
Advice: Don’t keep lower level management in the dark with major shifts.
Pros: Great place to work if the direct leader protects you from overloading to make him/her look good.

Cons: feels a bit like school with how often you change jobs
Advice: Have good transition materials!
Pros: good work life balance flexible work hours great way to work in a lot of areas

Cons: Leadership is not transparent. Work life balance can get bad (again depending on what team). Sometimes work goes unnoticed and unrewarded.
Advice: None
Pros: Raise and bonus. Work life balance is good depending on which team you land on.

Cons: Poor top-level decision-making can be frustrating Mid-level managers given little training on leading people
Advice: None
Pros: Talented and dedicated coworkers Generous benefits Positive and constructive culture Excellent facilities

Cons: Management to worker ratio is overloaded with managers delegating their tasks to the over worked and understaffed developers. Work environment is characterized by chaos and fault finding.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and good benefits

Cons: Union work, forced overtime, and if you’re better at the task the management and other employees lean on you to complete task.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, payed well, vacation and sick leave.

Cons: Pay for contract work is low
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great work life balance, work environment, and organization

Cons: Long hours, weekends, switching shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, benefits, people are great

Cons: Bully managers could have a negative impact on morale and profits. Management career goals would get in the way of company goals. Site did not have a future.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent management. Shifted with management style. Good benefits. Great Team to work with.

Cons: I've been with GM for 8 months and I love it
Advice: None
Pros: very flexible, it can be individual and team oriented

Cons: Team was not very close, I worked remote so I didn't feel connected to them. I also wasn't a huge fan of our project
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good salary, smart people

Cons: Office indoor HVAC control is not very accurate and user-comfortable
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule Work life balance is great in southeast Michigan Collaborations among organization is convenient Care more about all employees

Cons: Senior Leaders don't really care about the little guys when money is on the line. They will say one thing and then their actions say another. It's disheartening.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is nice, but it depends on the team. My team and my manager is fantastic, but I have heard of other teams being very rough.

Cons: Cyclical industry with frequent layoffs.
Advice: Be honest with employees.
Pros: Great place to start career as they have a lot of training and diverse projects to work on. Excellent benefits including up to 8% 401k matching and 15 vacation days to start, 20 vacation days after 2 years plus 14-17 holidays a year.

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, kind people, etc

Cons: Working with a large company can be a challenge to get yourself noticed.
Advice: None
Pros: GM was a great company to work for. I ended my 35 years of IT with the last 9 at GM. I and our team contributed to the success of internal IT for GM using operation data and analytics. I felt I was given the freedom to use creativity to solve business problems with the support of my leadership chain. There are plenty of opportunities to advance and contribute.

Cons: Not much room for innovation and growth
Advice: less nonsense meetings
Pros: Nice coworkers and managers. Flexible work schedule. Laid back and not much pressure

Cons: Less pay than other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture Great leadership Great learning opportunities within SD area Great benefits

Cons: pay is good, but not consistent with all races. They claim to be inclusive but white males still make than others.
Advice: stop the madness l. if you truly believe in inclusion let the pay be by performance not by race or sex. Iknow its not the case in every situation but upper management needs to review the practices at all sites. there are tokens but the good old boys still reign.
Pros: You have stead work with good pay.

Cons: Career development assistance could be better
Advice: None
Pros: The people seems really nice

Cons: Pay can be higher for one
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is very balance until it isn’t

Cons: None that I’ve experienced as of yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work atmosphere. Co-workers are great people to work with. Pay, and benefits are some of the best in the USA economy.

Cons: Some toxic employees antagonizing you for no apparent reason
Advice: None
Pros: Learned lots and experienced more

Cons: Repetitive nature Lack of youth/innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable hours Cool work initially Low stress

Cons: The call could bring you down.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone was nice, helped you learn.

Cons: Very difficult to advance your career
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive base pay and good bonuses

Cons: Location can be an issue for some people as it stays cold for half the year.
Advice: None
Pros: GM excels in the work/family culture. Many of the benefits are targeted towards young families and helping them out with time off and with expenses that involve around growing your family. Pay is fairly competitive and bonuses have been good so far I have been with the company.

Cons: metrics are sometimes valued more than reality
Advice: None
Pros: learn how to work as a team

Cons: The vehicle discounts are worthless; but you're supposed to pretend they are a great benefit.
Office in Austin is a gigantic football field of monotonous low-wall small cubicles (concentration is difficult). Amenities in the office are negligible; way below typical suburban office-campus standards.
Compensation after you get there is below market, especially for Austin.
Advice: Steer towards your strengths - build more of a local culture; improve the god-awful offices (make the office a place people want to come to work!)
Pros: Good place to start your career if you are ambitious but need support.
Lots of college hires coming in means you make friends in a new city that will probably stay with you for a long time.
The three year "new college grad" program is a nice steady ramp into an individual contributor role; and depending on the team can be relatively low-stress and supportive.
Exposure to technology is not bad, for a non-software company.
Bonus is good most years (although your work in IT won't have much to do with it; it's mainly due to macroeconomic trends).
Retirement benefits are very good (4% contribution to 401K before you put anything in; 1-for-1 match the next 4%; although beware of vesting).

Cons: Money isn't exactly market Company is very wishy washy with changes Workers are not very well respected by senior leadership
Advice: Invest more into your workforce and they will give you more returns
Pros: They have a great work life balance

Cons: Does not offer full remote positions.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with GM for 13 years and would recommend anyone seeking an engineering role to work here.

Cons: Can be stressful sometimes. You may need to work extra hours sometimes, but you get compensated for them. You may be needed to work off shift. Union people are hard to deal with. Lots of old equipment with some advanced technologies as well.
Advice: Put employees' feedback into actions, improve work-life balance, and recognize people who really deserve.
Pros: Good Pay. Good benefits. Good Bonus. Lots of Smart people to work with. Tuition Reimbursement. Helps build your skills.

Cons: It’s a big corporation so confusing corporate decisions happen
Advice: None
Pros: Work - life balance and compensation is great.

Cons: i dont see any. it was great place
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great. people are good.good culture

Cons: Leadership changes, more in person work
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a very inclusive environment where everyone is always willing to help and support.

Cons: length of time to be promoted is long at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and compensation is good including bonus. Great leadership.

Cons: Bad managers. Long hours too
Advice: No advice. Just do better
Pros: Alright job. Terrible managers but it’s the car biz

Cons: I can think of no cons at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, fast paced, individual ownership of work and projects.

Cons: Leadership is can be dodgy about hard hitting topics sometimes, giving vague unsatisfying answers with "more to come"
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of work flexibility, lots of focus on DEI, which is great to see.

Cons: Red tape, management had misaligned incentives
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay - coworkers were okay

Cons: None. Company is in good position
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: poor communication from the top down on layoffs or other employee affecting matters. Usually here from the news first or at the same time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, good people, good work environment and flexibility

Cons: More busy after covid Feel like some office politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great team Decent hours Decent benefits

Cons: Money, stagnancy, lack of diversity in upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Money, flexibility, freedom, fast paced

Cons: Lack of upward mobility in tech
Advice: None
Pros: End of year bonus and benefits

Cons: I don't have many cons to give at this time.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Parental Leave, good benefits, good working environment.

Cons: Frequent reorganization and constant change of management
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and Benefits

Cons: Lots of hours with no pay. Shift work.
Advice: None
Pros: Leading and cutting edge technology.

Cons: frequent org changes and not offering much work from home
Advice: None
Pros: It 's a big company and offering full time benefits and good package. work life balance

Cons: None. very solid company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Good team of qualified people

Cons: Insular culture, not invented here
Advice: Learn lessons on what not to do from the pre-2008 era
Pros: Large company, rapidly changing business

Cons: Management, forced OT and coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime and health benefits that’s about it

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Continue to listen to employees new and old to improve the culture.
Pros: Culture as improved since the last time 10 years ago I interviewed with GM.

Cons: Hybrid method seems to be backwards thinking
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment Friendly work zone

Cons: Working six days a week was just too much
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and earn good money

Cons: Work is boring, same thing for 8 hours. Cant get to full time without spending years there.
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: Easy work and nice coworkers.

Cons: Milford is a bit further of a drive from civilization than Warren and Pontiac but its worth it if you get to work out there. 
TRACK program doesn't tell you where your next 6 month rotation is until a month and a half before so you won't know which location you might be working at the most.
Advice: I have heard of a couple of other TRACK engineers (this is not in my own personal experience)  having not much work to do and feeling a little bit like a glorified intern. Make sure we are treated like full time engineers, since we all have done the work and gotten the degree to get here.
Pros: Excellent work-life balance.
Very good health, dental, and vision benefits.
Very nice community. Everyone is willing to take time out of their schedule to help each other out as you should be willing to do for all other coworkers as well should the need arise. 
401K benefits are awesome and much higher employer match than other places. 
TRACK program is very helpful at giving you different experiences without making you feel like a glorified intern. I am doing real full-time engineer work.

Cons: Work life balance can be tough
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is absolutely fantastic to be around

Cons: Lack of communication, old tech stacks
Advice: None
Pros: Open environment, room of growth

Cons: There aren’t really any cons
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a good company to work for

Cons: The training is almost non existing
Advice: Train new college hires.
Pros: Work life balance is great with hybrid

Cons: Lack of trust with leadership Say one thing do another Pay could be higher compared to other companies Small pay gap between Jr and Sr level positions
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Schedule Unlimited Sick Days Great PTO Great 401k match Hybrid work

Cons: Offer a better health plan.
Advice: Mentor your employees.
Pros: Salary increases and bonuses. Job mentoring and availability. Benefits are wide ranging. Experience and challenges are rewarding.

Cons: None Really, the company was great to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: Really enjoyed my time here. I was moved out when they did a reorganization.

Cons: The company does not give you any respect anymore
Advice: Management needs to have integrity like they used to have years ago but for some reason they have lost it
Pros: Building great vehicles in usa

Cons: Standing on feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Co-Workers Pay Managers Security

Cons: Rigid structure, slow promotion process
Advice: None
Pros: Shift towards EV is exciting

Cons: Cutbacks in 2018 were done with a machete - 15% even if you end up hiring another 20% in the same area.  Little perks don't generally exist (free coffee, etc., nowhere to be found.)  Folks can be put in situations where long hours are required to get the job done.  Some managers better than others at rewarding appropriately.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a vision to get to 0 crashes, 0 emissions, 0 congestion, and coming offerings show that.  Transition from internal combustion to electric and other forms of propulsion being funded by huge truck / SUV profits.  Dress is "dress appropriately" and work location is "work appropriately", showing respect for employees to do the right thing.  Good benefits, seem to listen to employee concerns, good time off.

Cons: Heavy emphasis in area not key to organizations success, lack of travel, inability to see process, virtual engineering not coordinated- shutting off lab before modeling is capable
Advice: Allow employees to travel to see their parts and process.
Pros: Benefits time off and hybrid work

Cons: Opportunities to level up are sometimes limited
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and opportunities tomorrow freely throughout the company

Cons: Once you start in one part of the company (manufacturing, vehicle development, facilities, research) you can easily be pigeon holed. Promotions are often slow or non-existent unless you get tracked. Often a career is more a long string of jobs due to restructurings and plant closures.
Advice: Career development should include all salaried employees not just a selected few. Developmental assignments should be assigned not competitively posted where the selectee is not best qualified.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Lots of different opportunities. Great opportunities for women. Management levels have been greatly reduced from decades ago. Electrification is bringing great opportunity.

Cons: Long hours, wears on body
Advice: I was on my job for years and moved up to lead job in my plant
Pros: Long term , excellent benefits , meeting good people

Cons: Large companies are sometimes rigid and difficult to move up in.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, very good work environment, company always actively looking to provide a fair/inclusive environment and pays a very fair wage w/ great benefits.

Cons: - Lots of management changes, though this typically doesn't affect non-mangers too much.
Advice: None
Pros: - For a car company, there is a strong effort to work with the latest and greatest technologies. - Collaboration is encouraged. - Relatively laid back while being challenging. Great work life balance.

Cons: Pays not equal to market
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and work life balance

Cons: Flex Schedule, Overtime, Union Environment
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Benefits, Work life balance, continued improvement

Cons: Old school management and culture., poor leadership
Advice: Watch Richard Branson on MasterClass
Pros: Marketing budgets and resources available

Cons: They try to hire hundred to thousand of people in one year and next year they said they need to cut off the budget then here all the layoffs happen
Advice: None
Pros: GM has great Benefits and PTOs

Cons: Automotive industry can make layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly atmosphere. Hybrid work schedule

Cons: Large company - can get lost in the shuffle to easily
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, flexible schedule, good benefits

Cons: Poor new hire training and organization. Political sessions. Sudden terminations without forewarning for cost cutting. Excessive meetings filling up most days Poor assigning of work
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Excellent benefits Solid work life balance Mostly good employee standards

Cons: Not a lot of advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance was great

Cons: Hiring Managers can be slow to respond/difficult to work with sometimes but that's across all organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a company that seems to genuinely care about their employees. I work with smart individuals who are technology forward and transforming the Talent Acquisition space. I'd recommend the company to anyone.

Cons: Parking is difficult, and makes for long walks in. Food inside building is heavy inflated. Would think GM would subsidize the food or at less at cost.
Advice: None
Pros: 4 week’s vacation, full week off during Christmas. Work life balance.

Cons: Layoffs every few years WAY too many meetings Too much upper management and not enough worker bees
Advice: Stop the meetings....
Pros: Great work environment. Flexible schedule Great pay and benefits

Cons: Bad leaders exist everywhere. Unfortunately, I ended up with one and left.
Advice: Don’t promote “pony show” individuals into leadership roles. Focus on results.
Pros: Values driven organization. Good pay.

Cons: Michigan only, have to find your nitch to get promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: pay, benefits, PTO, flexibility, HSA $1500.00 incentive, people

Cons: I have no complaints as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is leaning more on the life side than work which is a plus.

Cons: Many reorgs, no focused training for the role
Advice: Improve mentorship programs within teams, promote team work and team support to increase employee retention
Pros: Good salary plus bonus, benefits

Cons: Too much meeting, there are a lot of backlog
Advice: None
Pros: Good team communication, people are very nice.

Cons: Management stuck in the past. Don't know agile.
Advice: Find new management that understand latest software processes
Pros: Flexible working, interesting technologies, good opportunities

Cons: Winter time need to be on schedule More jobs, book winter jobs
Advice: Winter is a slow season on Construction businesses in NÉ
Pros: Very flexible schedule for all jobs during three season

Cons: Long hours and lots of reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule and great teamwork

Cons: Not a lot of face-to-face interaction due to hybrid work arrangements.
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful, friendly, environment. Management wants you to succeed.

Cons: Will have a to compete with big software houses, like Google, Yahoo, Amazon, Tesla, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Adopting new technology. Trying to be more of software company. Will help to take more market share as a software house.

Cons: I don't have any cons while working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment and work balance

Cons: Hours are long and pay is poor.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits including time off are good.

Cons: Management is still dated and out of touch. They rebranded as a tech company but is still far from it.
Advice: Retire already
Pros: Good coworkers. Interesting product. Long company history with many tall tales.

Cons: Expected (required) to move around a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of upward and lateral career options and opportunities

Cons: Very big company comes with blanket HR policies and pay and restrictions that managers use to hide behind rather than address performance directly
Advice: None
Pros: Emphasis on safety at GM makes working in safety feel rewarding

Cons: Expectations to move every two years, with goalposts moving
Advice: Hope you get a good team leader makes all the difference
Pros: Good perks, Medical 401k match 4%, IVF support new in 2022, Free online trainings.

Cons: RTO policy has been delivered poorly
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to grow your skills

Cons: A few senior managers and directors do not manage the teams well
Advice: None
Pros: Great place for new graduate to learn new technologies

Cons: Auto culture can be intensive
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive comp Good benefits like maternity and paternity leave

Cons: Leadership sometimes focuses too much on metrics Direction changes a lot with leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work on projects and not be micromanaged

Cons: Lower than average salaries compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and office environment

Cons: Promotions, hours, commitment, vertical growth, performance reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, culture, pay, benefits, balance

Cons: If there’s more promotion opportunity would be good!
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits good, and working environment is good too.

Cons: Because it's such a big organization, employees can only really focus on one area or work at a time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is open to provide WFH, hybrid and remote opportunities. Additionally, managers ensure that we can maintain a proper work life balance. GM also provides tuition reimbursement for continuing education.

Cons: It can be hard to manage multiple projects and requests from other researches all at the same time.
Advice: Be as open and transparent as possible for the exchange of information
Pros: Flexible hours and work content within projects. This really opens the door for a lot of opportunity

Cons: long work hours and managers who thought you wanted their job
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, nice bonuses and good network

Cons: Over worked and unspoken expectation to work overtime. Random reshuffling and poor management with no growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Support for learning new skills and gaining certifications.

Cons: - Management keeps all the money for themselves despite $70Bn corporate debt - RTO implemented - Wages are low - Senior leadership is awful
Advice: Pay fairly to the engineers who innovate and who have created the products you sell.
Pros: - Good insurance - All other benefits have been revoked

Cons: Churns, heavy travels during certain period.
Advice: None
Pros: Organized, room to learn and grow

Cons: - large company - long hours
Advice: - continue to follow the culture
Pros: - amazing culture to work in - amazing benefit package and bonus package - opportunities for promotion and lateral transfers

Cons: This is a lot of bureaucracy with a company the size as GM and as old as GM but you do get use to it. Promotions are limited.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot independence at the corporate level. If you are on the right staff, the work is challenging, never dull. After a couple of years, if you desire to rotate to. a new team, you. encouraged to do. so. Employees self-manage their schedules, including vacation days, and no preset sick days.

Cons: Layoffs, performance based culture pivot
Advice: None
Pros: The onboarding for NCH was really good and the expectations are realistic for what you are accountable for

Cons: Poor communication in a Big fast moving company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and Good pay

Cons: Volatility in staff management (i.e., over-bloating workforce then doing layoffs)
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good. Opportunities are available for advancement.

Cons: only some cons come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: good good grat great good

Cons: Pay is lower than other companies No stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Good Colleagues Good Benefits Great Work Life Balance

Cons: Horrible treatment of employees and more-so new hires
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay for the work

Cons: Slow career growth Low base salary
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work-life balance Great work culture

Cons: In orientation they tell you that you become permanent after 2 years. That is not true. You will work and get paid no more than 32 hrs a week for at least 3-4 years. You will then have to work full time/6 days for 1 year before they will convert you to permanent.
Advice: Stop lying to temps.
Pros: It's a place to make money so you don't starve.

Cons: Consistently moving throughout the factory
Advice: Pay attention
Pros: Work well with the team

Cons: Its like high school with mandatory detention
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Great pay Tons of OT

Cons: Sometimes you need to work with legacy technology
Advice: None
Pros: Job security is great, co-workers are chill

Cons: Long hours and work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and competitive benefits

Cons: A lot of employees see a Slow career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams Great management Flexible schedule

Cons: Bad Weather, commute and workload
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good management, good benefits

Cons: Went back to hybrid office work. In the office 2-3 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation time is great, most people are great to work with, good work/life balance

Cons: Big company with high public exposure muddies the relationship between PR and internal culture Pay loosely based on performance - poor performance assessment systems
Advice: None
Pros: Great work flexibility. Good benefits, internal opportunities, and networking

Cons: Under staffed, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work, lots of overtime if you want it

Cons: Like any major company, leadership is sometimes not transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at

Cons: Senior leadership does not care about employees, and will mandate returning to office, regardless of your personal situation. Managers and loyal employees will be as loyal to those changes. Employee's opinions are not heard and not considered.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good pay, good people and peers

Cons: Not found any to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee Benefits and compensation

Cons: 20% of the people do 80% of the work Hard workers don't always get recognized The office is depressing
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive Salary for Entry Level Great Lower Level Management You get to learn a lot of new skills Many positions to explore if not satisfied with current Job Security

Cons: make sure you wear comfortable clothing and are able to be required to continuously perform the same job for hours at a time.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, culture has improved over the decade

Cons: very slow company culture bleh
Advice: None
Pros: Okay It coulve been better. wish I coded

Cons: Lack of accountability for mid-management.
Advice: None
Pros: Big name which comes with typical big company problems.

Cons: Sometimes boring, workload is poorly managed
Advice: Enpower you employees in decicion making
Pros: Perks, security, famaly oriantaded, flexible

Cons: Workload and work-life balance is a con
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, allows you to drive your own career. Endless technical traint

Cons: Management needs improvement. Bad communication
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, holidays and PTO

Cons: Too many initiatives to be supported by contraction
Advice: Hope your best ones stay.
Pros: 1 round of layoffs with buyouts offered to over 55,000

Cons: - 5 year cycle of mass hirings and firings on a corporate-wide scale
Advice: None
Pros: - Good pay &amp; benefits

Cons: Layoffs come at an extremely odd time, considering company has had greatest profit in company history.
Advice: None
Pros: Job has been great initially, but can turn a cold shoulder quick.

Cons: "Safety" is a priority here, if you are caught without safety glasses, or a orange reflective vest on you will more than likely be sent home or terminated.
On the other hand, drug use and alcohol abuse is rampant. I cannot count the number of alcohol bottles I have seen in the facility and parking lot. As well as how many times I have seen people smoking pot in the facility or right out side the facility doors. It seems management turns a blind eye to this.
Advice: Do random drug tests, you have a responsibly to the safety of not only to the workers in your facility but to the customers that buy your product.
Pros: It's great to see so many new vehicles coming off the assembly line.

Cons: Used to build v8 American muscle cars until the union convinced us to vote for politicians that killed internal combustion engines and jobs
Advice: Ditch the union.
Pros: Used to be very fun and lively on the line before the outlawed radios

Cons: No innovation; Hard to move around
Advice: None
Pros: 4% raise every year; good amount of vacations

Cons: Can feel large and bureaucratic at times
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom to do your job as you see fit, great salary and benefits, collaborative work environment

Cons: Negative feedback could get you fired without notice.
Advice: None
Pros: Depends on team, but workload has been really light. Excellent work life balance, hybrid but team is in Detroit. .

Cons: corporate hierarchy very present in team/department
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance (sometimes)

Cons: Office in Detroit and not much remote opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and pay are great.

Cons: Too many management layers, overall great company though
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great organization to be in.

Cons: Not a lot of opportunity for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Very interesting projects, fun work environment

Cons: Return to office is pushed pretty hard and adds unnecessary stress to the job. Works for some but for others the added stress greatly reduces productivity.
Advice: Be more flexible with allowing employees to work from home
Pros: Good work life balance overall

Cons: everchanging irregular hours, having trouble staying staffed for engineering
Advice: Pay engineers enough to put up with the crazy hours, then put them in a desirable schedule so they won't get burned out and leave.
Pros: decent pay, great benefits, clean environment, good co-workers

Cons: no sponsorship for internationals and no traveling
Advice: None
Pros: healthcare, learning opportunities, good team, performance incentives, and overtime.

Cons: I don't have anything for me.
Advice: None
Pros: Good life and work balance

Cons: getting to level 8 (manager) is super tough. Re-orgs are happening every 6-9months. Had 3 different managers in 18 months. changing titles of engineers often too.
Advice: Don't make organizational changes too often. let people settle down. Make internal switching easy and give some raise at internal job change too. For same role when you bring external candidate, you end up paying way more. Better to give minor raise to internal folks so talent reside within and this will promote new learning and new challenges among employees.
Pros: GM has a good diversity, above average health insurance and 401K, 4% contribution and 4% matching. Growth opportunities are not bad either

Cons: Not many growth opportunities here.
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, good work life balance

Cons: Some leaders are unfamiliar with the innovation practice Building a culture of innovation from scratch
Advice: Remain open-minded to try and experiment
Pros: Good work environment Work-life balance Work is manageable

Cons: Expensive benefits; long work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Team environment with coworkers; Pay

Cons: Not much upside for over performance, everyone basically gets the same pay bump every year
Advice: None
Pros: Company has good products and market share

Cons: Limited advancement Employee longevity Lack of diversity in leadership roles
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Assignments Training Functional Agility

Cons: You need to depend on yourself to understand your product
Advice: None
Pros: You learn alot about emerging technologies

Cons: Very exhausting and do not recommend, hard work not valued or appreciated.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and a lot o f over time, for people who like OT

Cons: They focus on numbers and money rather than people
Advice: None
Pros: Good company culture and good benefits

Cons: Not any different from any top 5000 company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay, and good people to work for.

Cons: Mid-management lacks focus Slow to react and then over-reacts to business changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit package Overall good office culture Solid coworkers

Cons: No remote work, very few women in IT,
Advice: Make directors rotate divisions and groups they manage
Pros: Pay, benefits, multiple locations, training

Cons: It's easy to get lost in the vastness.
Advice: None
Pros: With the right leader a great company to work for.

Cons: In the era of highlighted DE&amp;I, the culture is declining for the worse. Very poor work place of choice scores from both hourly and salary employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is paid handsomely for OT.

Cons: team leads like to micromanage, managers nitpick their employee's timesheets, too much work is assigned per person &amp; expected to work late hours and weekends, and too many org changes every quarter so I don't even know who I'm working with half the time. Didn't sign up for this. Also, told WFH for good then GM switched up and back in the office 3x week? 1 hr commute for entry-level pay isn't worth it.
Advice: stop micromanaging your employees, be transparent when hiring
Pros: working from home but that's taken away so...none lol

Cons: Bad management Get throw into whatever team
Advice: Allow for better job rotations for new devs
Pros: Good benefits Good opportunities Good bonus

Cons: Cons - Return to office
Advice: None
Pros: Pros - Good work life balance

Cons: - The push for moving back to the office.
Advice: Let people have the option to remain doing remote work.
Pros: - Great pay - Relocation bonus - Great health insurance - Great community feeling with colleagues - Great bonuses - Good 401k match - Amazing tuition program. They pay for your masters degree.

Cons: A lot of acronyms and office jargon.
Advice: None
Pros: Supporting coworkers. Challenging and engaging tasks.

Cons: Culture needs improvement in all areas
Advice: None
Pros: Proven ability for manufacturing experience

Cons: Hot work area but easy work
Advice: Keep working with the rank and file
Pros: Nice coworkers easy work good pay

Cons: Stressful environment, stuck between upper management and UAW TM’s
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, days go by fast

Cons: hard to grow in the company. learned very little from this job
Advice: None
Pros: You won't be doing much for the first 6 months. The work life balance is amazing.

Cons: - min salary for the location - no remote option
Advice: None
Pros: - really good work-life balance - Good insurance - Good management

Cons: Lots of covering multiple tasks due to call ins
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good bonus; I like the people that are actually there to work.

Cons: Stock price does not increase
Advice: None
Pros: Zero Zero Zero future plilosophy

Cons: less opportunities and work life balance
Advice: want to work in company
Pros: better job opportunities and will gain more knowledge and experience

Cons: Out of control amount of unjustified promotions to meet DEI objectives. Workhorses just get more workload.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to make vehicles great and drive excellence

Cons: Appreciate the knowledge base within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: It has its eyes to the future.

Cons: GM is big and can be difficult to break into the appropriate circles
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to rotate to different areas within finance

Cons: far commute hard to live in city if u don't know anyone
Advice: None
Pros: so amazing lots of team work always up to date

Cons: SouthEast Michigan - Jan/Feb are cold and not sunny. If you like the concept of sleddng (snowmobiling) there is a lot of fun to be had.... if not oh well! 

Not Rich - This is a stable company and you'll be decently compensated but you're not going to get rich (i.e. become a 30 year old VP). Promotions are out there but you are simply not going to 'be a big boss' in a matter of a few years. If that is your desire in automotive I suggest working for an appropriately sized supplier. More opportunity and yes more risk. 

Advocate for yourself - In some companies you have senior management engage in a form of 'personnel strategy' (ie 'horse trading') where they move their people around to best fit company direction and observed behaviors/talent. GM is not that kind of company - You have to honestly request some career planning advice from your management and then work in your own best career interest.
Advice: 1:1's are a fantastic tool.  I value them greatly
Pros: Solid - GM is a solid, stable employer. I have been treated very fairly during my time with General Motors. The compensation is very good and the senior and executive level managers are very clear and aligned regarding company direction.

1:1 with Managers - These 15-30 min regular sessions with your direct manager are incredibly valuable. You and your manager drive the conversation. Sometimes it's current work objectives, sometimes career objectives (next moves), sometimes it's about nonsense (thrills of home repair). It keeps me and my manager aligned.

Chart Your Career Direction - You have the ability to apply for positions internally and move around however I've always used my management for advice on what direction to put my effort. That advice has has always been geared towards what areas I can get really engaged in.

Good (but cautious) Covid Response - Senior Management has subtly extended the 'Dress Appropriately' idea to 'Work Appropriately'. You have work to do and if you don't get it done there won't be any hiding it so self-discipline is key. I've actually worked longer hours at home since Covid started but more enjoyable (esp for my dogs).

SouthEast Michigan - During the Summer Michigan is fantastic with weather and the Great Lakes are truly fantastic... see the Cons for Winter. 

Detroit Area - Detroit is a major city and it has all the great stuff that comes with a major city (restaurants, arts, sports, etc.). It has all the not-so-great stuff that comes with a major city (crime, etc.). Anyone turns up their nose when you say 'Detroit' has not been there in the past 25 years. This is the home of Automotive. The people here absolutely love Cars &amp; Truck from classic restored 60's muscle to OEM prototypes running all over Michigan. Look up 'Woodward Dream Cruise' for a glimpse

Cons: Less pay, Prejudice, Harassment, jobs, hard work
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Benefits, People, Friendly, Products

Cons: Too many people making decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Lies after lies from the leadership. Work from home is the new norm until it isn’t. No layoffs planned, 4 weeks later layoffs start. It never ends with the leaks to the press from leadership and they never address any questions asked.
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus when we have one

Cons: Longer working hours are sometimes required.
Advice: None
Pros: Hands on work, with first hand look at the product

Cons: Large company, you need the drive to move where you want
Advice: Bring back more of the car buying incentives for GM employees
Pros: Great atmosphere, great leadership, great pay, lots of ability to move around the company

Cons: Still a Boys club, but looking to change that
Advice: None
Pros: Can make it what you want. Good room for growth

Cons: Sometimes you get stuck in your position due to external forces(job freezes)
Advice: None
Pros: Entry level positions are abundant

Cons: Just awful managers that decide your job fate
Advice: None
Pros: Some smart folks work there

Cons: Constantly reducing headcount. Top heavy. Right hand and left hand.
Advice: None
Pros: Healthcare and 401K match is average. Internal promotions go to friends, not high performers.

Cons: Lack of promotions, poor leadership, and women held back
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great opportunity for young fresh out of school talent

Cons: Very corporate structure with lots of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are generous.

Cons: Return to work policy , vsp and layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great benefits , yes

Cons: long hours sometimes covering multiple departments for months
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are pretty good Overtime pay is a nice perk

Cons: From January started to return to office
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Opportunity to learn Great team members Great work life balance Lots of benefits including team bonus

Cons: Horizontal moves are easy, vertical ones are not. Yearly pay raises are very minimal and it can be difficult to move up the ladder when ready.
Advice: None
Pros: GM offers a TON of learning opportunities and it's relatively easy to take a horizontal move into a new project to gain new experiences

Cons: Budgets are tight for many things. Not the worst thing to happen.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture. Great products. Challenging yet rewarding work.

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: none
Pros: Good place to work at

Cons: -Most people I know (especially managers) are way overworked with no extra compensation -hybrid environment going away early next year
Advice: -overtime pay OR compensation time off for hours worked over 40 -keep hybrid work environment
Pros: -leadership actively encourages career growth within company -Currently hybrid work environment so you can get personal things done (doctor's appointment, dropping kids off at school etc)

Cons: Lots of work, sometimes disorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, not too much pressure to perform

Cons: Very hard to get promoted in technical career path after L7
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus , Heath care and other benefits

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: N/a
Pros: 401k match, PTO, Paternity leave

Cons: organization can be very silo at times
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Lots of areas to grow

Cons: No downside hardly but will rise to the occasion to keep the job moving
Advice: Listen to positive people and follow your best decisions
Pros: I'm a dependable fit experience helping others when needed do my job well

Cons: Size make things slower as in any other big company
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities, many ways to grow. Very diverse and inclusive

Cons: I've enjoyed my time at the company but I and colleagues have unfortunately found to move forward in your career GM ultimately forces you to go elsewhere.

Hard to progress as management tends to dangle carrots on sticks just to pull them away. It's the classic case in Tech where the upward path is to leave and then comeback at a higher position and salary. 
By staying you'll unfortunately find that you can move to higher positions and take on different roles, and additional tasks/responsibility but without increasing in level or salary.
Advice: Salary should always at base keep up with inflation
Pros: Good work life balance
Good benefits
Kind coworkers (probably team dependent)

Cons: No profit sharing with engineers.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Pay is decent plus work is chill.

Cons: have not worked long enough to really know
Advice: None
Pros: Have good heath benefits, and a bunch of other benefits you may not expect

Cons: long hours harsh work environment management harassing employees
Advice: None
Pros: health care and thats about it

Cons: Bad hours no life or not enough pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good customers great product and service

Cons: They tell you they care about the employees but when you finally hit the floor and start working they will move you around to what they think best fit them. So if you looking for a certain type of hands on job on the floor that you might like or a certain shift you may prefer you can honestly forget about it here.
Advice: You have to put atleast ten years in to advance to anything and still wouldn’t be much from where you actually started.
Pros: Good benefit packages and good workout gym at the facility.

Cons: It seems like you need to live in the office/be online all the time to be considered eligible for promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are excellent. There is opportunity to move roles and have a variety of experiences which is great if you tend to get bored in a role after a couple years

Cons: Risk of layoff, lack of communication at times internally across groups
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work hours, flexible schedule, broad opportunities within the company.

Cons: -Strict requirements on years of service for promotions -Uninspiring, stubborn, old fashioned leadership -Endless political games between the decision makers in the company -Having to work with people who put minimal effort into their jobs
Advice: I wish leadership would follow modern software development practices. I also wish that the people who are in charge of software orgs at the company actually had software backgrounds.
Pros: -It's a real challenge to get fired unless you do something really stupid

Cons: Large company, you could get lost.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work as an employee!

Cons: The CEO just sent an email that everyone has to start coming into the office 3 days a week (I expect that to be 5 days sooner or later) despite staff already implementing strategies that assume many employees will be remote. 

The pay is very low considered to other tech companies.
Advice: Listen to your employees. If their job can be done from home, stop trying to needlessly force people to come sit in an office where they will spend all day on teams anyway.
Pros: Amazing work environment, most positions have been fully remote, great benefits and very generous time off

Cons: Currently cutting jobs and future is uncertain.
Advice: None
Pros: Allow for a good work/life balance

Cons: Starting to tighten up the ship and become more performance data driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Has Great Work Life Balance.

Cons: low pay for the role bad communication not remote
Advice: None
Pros: Not too demanding good work culture decent benefits

Cons: Low pay/loyalty tax and extremely difficult to get promoted
Advice: Reward your loyal employees and bring back working appropriately.
Pros: 401K Match, PTO + Holiday, Healthcare, Bonus, Flexibility

Cons: Industry Up and Down Cycles
Advice: None
Pros: Work on New Release Vehicles.

Cons: Hard to get good raises. Not easy to grow in field.
Advice: None
Pros: Great bonuses, great work life balance.

Cons: My manager has some shortcomings. Pay isn't great.
Advice: Find ways to reward the people who work hard because pay raises are scarce.
Pros: The VIP SIT org has a great work environment for minorities and women.

Cons: Hard to move up since its a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance

Cons: There's some bureaucracy that gets in the way and it's a big org to navigate.
Advice: More accountability for every role.
Pros: I'm treated well and am pretty happy with interesting work. Great work/life balance.

Cons: SLT is not good for employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and good environment.

Cons: Mandatory Overtime / Decent Pay
Advice: None
Pros: Potential Pay In Due Time

Cons: Fake promises, micromanaging to new NCH. Manager expected not to ask questions and solve things on your own.
Advice: Don't micro manage.
Pros: Sort of having. work life balance. My team a lot of work to do, so work life balance was more complex to have.

Cons: Not very flexible with remote work
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with a great environment.

Cons: Cyclical industry with involuntary separations too often
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Insurance, 401k company car

Cons: Pay leaves much to be desired.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and holidays are not bad.

Cons: Terrible management, no trust in the company
Advice: None
Pros: Easy workload, a lot of paid holidays

Cons: Pay needs to increase based on rise in prices for daily needs (groceries, fuel etc.)
Advice: Overall management is awesome. It would be better if management can understand employees struggling to pay bills due to current rise in prices that’s going crazy in all ways.
Pros: Have great benefits Good work life balance Good management, always encouraging to hone skills

Cons: Laying off 10% of workforce to further the development of all electric vehicles.
Advice: None
Pros: Good profitability. Nice place to work.

Cons: Unfair promotions practices. Lots of cronyism and nepotism.
Advice: Promote based on performance
Pros: Good culture at the company

Cons: Pay disparity between men and women
Advice: Pay your high performers competitive pay
Pros: Good benefits, company car, decent pay

Cons: Job Security - Communication - Overturn of Employees - Policy changes - One mold fits all
Advice: They talk a good game with Culture and Values but do not practice these items. Retaliation is big.
Pros: Great Training and Safety - Co Workers are wonderful

Cons: At times, production goals are set to unrealistic expectations.
Advice: Understanding the issues/concerns from the team members on the production floor.
Pros: Competitive pay, opportunities for career development, family-like culture.

Cons: There are nun, i love his place.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, the employees ae very welcoming.

Cons: This is hybrid workplace, not fully remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and benefits.

Cons: Inability to move up to take more responsibility
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the complexity and challenging work environment

Cons: Long hours and forced weekends
Advice: Better communication
Pros: Great pay and great benefits

Cons: Lots of overtime in certain jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, great benefits and support

Cons: Limited career opportunities; still seems to be “who you know”
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits; especially the past few years

Cons: It's a large bureaucratic company which can be difficult and frustrating to navigate. Sometimes the goals and objectives they use to measure your performance are things that are not in your control. If you're in my position, a good deal of your success is dependent on the performance of others which can be frustrating. They will relocate you around the country a lot if you let them, and sometimes even if you don't really want to. You can always refuse but it will stunt your growth as an employee.
Advice: Set CAP goals at the beginning of the year and stand by them. Too often CAP goals change or do not get set in stone until well into Q2 or Q3.
Pros: Excellent benefits, lots of PTO, decent amount of autonomy with a flexible schedule, decent pay. They will relocate you around the country a lot if you let them.

Cons: Less scope to move up (Mid level career to Senior)
Advice: Recognition for loyal employee who contributes,inspite of less growth /promotions.
Pros: More opportunities ,learn ,collaborate and constructive feedbacks

Cons: None at this time to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Work here for 10 years.

Cons: Heavy bureaucracy Slow yo change corporate cultire
Advice: Get rid of poor mid managers
Pros: Great benefits Great experience and skill development

Cons: Not enough money and long drive
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful work experience and great people to work with

Cons: Work your life away to make ends meet
Advice: Get all new management they run the place into the ground
Pros: Gm has good benefits but not a lot of vacation time

Cons: No work life balance. Hard to get material to complete jobs on time.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable work environment, steady work

Cons: Lower pay to competitors, disappointing health insurance options, very limited growth if in NCH program, no support from company
Advice: None
Pros: Improved pay, decent work life balance, good management, many different aspects of software/IT available to learn

Cons: Hard work Little break time Union against management and vice versa
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Weekly pay Vacation days Shut down Union

Cons: The technology orgs have the classic corporate culture. Lots of red tape, slow moving processes, working on tech that looks/feels like it belongs in the 90s. 
I have aspirations to become a certain role, but I am discouraged to pursue that route. When discussing with my manager my career goals, he tells me not to pursue it and to focus on my current role. He laid out a career path for me that keeps me in his org, continuing to work in software test. Unfortunately will need to start looking outside of GM to go down my desired career path.
Their hiring strategy is to mass hire new college grads each year, understanding many of them will leave. New college grads are either placed on teams that don't need help so you don't get much work or training. Or new college grads are placed on teams that are drowning and you are thrown into it without support.
Advice: Support your employees dreams, provide avenues to obtain desired skills.
Pros: Lots of paid holidays, including a full week during Christmas. Paid tuition, HSA contribution, great 401k match.

Cons: Cyclical nature of auto industry
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work and great people

Cons: No cons so far, and I have been working here for a few years
Advice: None
Pros: The people are all friendly and happy to help you learn

Cons: Investment from leadership is not there
Advice: Invest in your teams
Pros: Good benefits, good bonus, mostly stable.

Cons: Hard to trust the SLT.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits. Can't complain about that.

Cons: low salary than competitors and lay off
Advice: None
Pros: Good 401k match up to 8%

Cons: - TL's (Team Leaders) are able to implement the company rules at their own discretion. Sometimes this can lead to inconsistent communication and standards. 

The computers are very very heavily monitored. Be prepared to type, clink and move your mouse every 2 seconds even when on slow calls or else you scoring will go down. 

Good customer service doesn't mean as much as calls per hours I worked for GM for 10 months and kept a customer satisfaction score, and customer review score of 9.0 or higher but that didn't mean anything if I wasn't averaging 76-92 calls a day which is the amounts of calls needed to average 6 calls per hour and work from home. 

I found out my child had a health disorder that required weekly appointments and I wouldn't be eligible for extended time off until I hit 1 year with the company this was very disappointing as my previous job offered extended paid time off for parents starting at 6 months. 

Your shift does not end at 6pm it ends once the queue has no more calls which means if there are 100 calls in queue at 6pm you have to keep taking calls until the queue is at 0.

Ultimately this job is a call center and you have to know what exactly that means typing, moving your mouse, taking phone calls back to back for 7 hour and 30 minutes a day 5-6 days a week, sitting at a desk the duration of that time, and allowing analytic to tell you how well you work based on a averaging system.
Advice: Set universal standards and require TL's implement them at the same standard. Give more acknowledgement for kudos calls or high customer satisfaction. The job is very repetitive and easy to become a robot or rude so the employees that go over and beyond to warmly great each customer,  find a resolve to there problem, and please each customer are the employees who in my opinion deserve more recognition, higher bonuses, and opportunities to grow faster.
Pros: - Mon- Fridays 
 - Work from home options are available after being with the company for 6 months.

Cons: Feel under paid and company doesn't pay for alcohol in Happy hour
Advice: None
Pros: Great hour and company culture

Cons: Overworked in some small areas of engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture is trending in a positive direction

Cons: Can be challenging to move up in pay scale.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, flexibility and options for career growth

Cons: susceptible to bring stuck in habits that all large companies face.
Advice: trust your people to do what's best for the organization by trusting then to balance their individual needs with that if the organization's.
Pros: very flexible and great pay

Cons: Leadership communication is lacking at times
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance flexibility for everyone

Cons: Process, Speed, NA, NA, NA
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership, Product, Culture and Career Development

Cons: - Will work some holidays
Advice: None
Pros: - Always busy - Plenty of room to climb the ladder - Pay over time for unscheduled hours

Cons: The internal IT system used by project managers was a cause of great frustration to many.

Many IT groups claimed to run agile projects but in practice, few did.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits: GM provided the typical benefits you might see at any corporation, but the details of those benefits set them apart. For example, GM's 401(k) had a generous company match and also allowed additional, after-tax contributions up to the combined $64.5k limit (2021, 50+).

Diversity: GM IT embraced the diversity of its employees and hosted lunchtime celebrations of current international cultural events.

Management: My manager took it as her personal mission to advance the careers of her team members.

Cons: Very political and slow moving for promotion
Advice: Do your job
Pros: The flexibility, pto and sick time, and maternity/paternity

Cons: Nothing bad that we can think
Advice: None
Pros: Good to have diverse culture

Cons: sometimes long hours hut manageable
Advice: None
Pros: great people to work with

Cons: Can be overworked at times
Advice: None
Pros: Cool work, solid pay / benefits

Cons: Large company, slow processes that diminish technology’s impact
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Pay is competitive when combined with benefits Career development and training

Cons: Constant change of tooling for software. It feels like we have to migrate automation tools and pipelines every few months and it disturbs productivity. Deployments are very process heavy, which slows down software iteration speed. Company cannot decide if developers should work from home or not, and has changed policies multiple times between work-from-home and hybrid.
Advice: None
Pros: Very relaxed and supportive engineering teams and management. Great flexibility in work hours. Good range of project opportunities.

Cons: Job security was an issue
Advice: None
Pros: Overall good experience at the workplace

Cons: 6 day work week. Heavy workload.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment for learning processes and products.

Cons: It was a very poor work/life balance. Too much overtime and too little vacation and other time off.
Advice: Allow more vacation days and more personal days off. Stop overbearing management techniques.
Pros: They offer good pay and benefits.

Cons: Ups and downs of auto industry.
Advice: More transparency.
Pros: Great company culture improving since bankruptcy.

Cons: Slow growth Lots of politics
Advice: RTO is not the best way to increase productivity
Pros: Good PTO Good Insurance Good work life balance

Cons: No faith in SLT. No transparency.
Advice: Be more trustworthy.
Pros: Good work/life balance. Great hours.

Cons: With Randy Mott gone, the barrier of protection against Corporate seems to be gone. Contractors are becoming common, and cost cutting is becoming more apparent. 

HR is bad, NCHs are subjected to a roll of the dice on getting an appropriate role or not, and interviewers are not allowed to ask technical questions.
Advice: Stop undermining the principles and culture that Randy Mott put in place now that he's gone
Pros: Great for New College Hires
Currently can be Full time Remote
Job responsibilities are what you make of it which is good for people with drive

Cons: Clearly need a larger team so may be overworked.
Advice: None
Pros: Good networking opportunities available with this job

Cons: Lack of proper communication between leaders and managers
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with great benefits

Cons: politics, new age thinking, too many changes in how mgmt is to perform.
Advice: None
Pros: Takes care of the employees, many opportunities.

Cons: tedious work no career growth
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits and work life balance

Cons: Performance reviews are vague and career growth can be unintuitive with the wrong leadership
Advice: Provide constructive feedback even if it comes with criticism. Encourage growth even if that means letting and employee move to another team.
Pros: Lots of flexibility, interesting work, lots of ways to pivot career internally.

Cons: None that come to my mind
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, and good learning experience

Cons: limit opportunities to get promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is very well

Cons: Pay is on the weaker side compared to market.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of diversity and various work environment. It is a good place to start learning.

Cons: The return to office mandate has hurt the comfortable work life balance significantly
Advice: Let us work from home
Pros: Care about personal development Great place to learn and improve as an entry Inclusive Great opportunities Managers are usually great leaders

Cons: If you're contract you can be shopped for any reason, very low job security.  Very old way of culture and way of doing things, a ton of managers in between. Everyone seems to kiss up to their boss, at least in the business role of things. If you happen to make one mistake in the field or they don't seem to like you its like you're walking on egg shells and they leave you out of meetings and information.
Advice: Changing the culture making it more friendly environment, treating contractors with respect and not just tools.
Pros: Good pay and you learn a lot of new skills in their environment 

Cons: money but get paid if not waste of time and headed to bankcrupcy
Advice: get rid of old management you cant have people in the same position for 12-25 years, they retired a long time ago and are milking the system, continue to get rid of bottom performers
Pros: terrible management and leadership. Not many leaders to look up to everyone is in it for themselves.

Cons: Seemed more like IT than CS
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and not super stressful

Cons: Supervisor made excuse during layoffs for me to work on a presentation for management, but never showed up himself to have the courtesy to tell me. He allowed his supervisor to handle the duty of speaking with me about my dismissal. He was a coward and employees should not be treated so poorly. The company should be ashamed for allowing this behavior. Employees are people who dedicate their lives to GM. They should be treated as people not numbers.
Advice: Grow up. If you are a supervisor, act like one. I am so glad I am no longer a part of a company where I am a number and not a person. Do better.
Pros: Co-workers were good.
Salary was acceptable.
Job duties were important and enjoyable.

Cons: In office working recently but otherwise good
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Great environment to work in

Cons: Big Corporation so it's tough to get things in motion sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and vacation time

Cons: - Big company my opinion could be completely different if I landed on a different team\Org
- Not a lot of clarity during onboarding and interview process
- Job hopping after a couple of years would be fruitful
- Doesn't pay like big tech but will surpass median salaries for most positions
Advice: 1 on 1 meetings meant a lot for me
Pros: - Good place to start career
- Pay is fair
- Healthcare is great and other benefits are good
- Most workers are actually stand behind employer for EV future
- Transparence among my middle management

Cons: To much overtime without warning
Advice: I don’t have advice for management
Pros: It a great place to start

Cons: Bring group leaders in off streets to supervise a skilled trade with little to no experience
Advice: Hire more knowledgeable skilled trades group leaders instead of off the street with no experience
Pros: Love the environment and job. Pays well, has good insurance

Cons: One must leave to get a sizable raise in most cases
Advice: None
Pros: Smart leadership team and very good technology

Cons: -I was an MBA intern and they looped me in with some of the undergraduate interns so I felt about a billion years old sometimes. 
-Learning about the different brands and automotive industry as a whole were difficult
Advice: -Smaller clusters of interns worked well together. Maybe formalize that? 
-Have a specific orientation about industry + operations + current strategies
Pros: -Got an impactful assignment
-Got specific and valuable training. I was in marketing but was able to receive training on Agile and several analytics interfaces within 12 weeks. 
- Received the opportunity to pitch to directors and c-suite. 
-Worked with Management to structure assignment 
-Transparent about transition to full time

Cons: it might be possible to get a better
Advice: None
Pros: for sure i'd say the best

Cons: A lot of hours, travel, late night meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, a lot to learn, college reimbursement

Cons: Processes can differ from the standard way of doing them in another facility. A new hire can have no experience and come into the higher salary and level then a very experienced employee. The certification lab runs 24/7 and you will not get the typical shutdowns and holidays most GM employees receive.
Advice: Management needs to vet new employees better before settling on a wage and level. Let experienced team members sit in on interviews of possible candidates for their role. The certification lab has received New Management that has impacted the lab and a positive way. Don't change managers every two years like in the past. Management will be shaken up and recycled throughout the company at every change of the wind.
Pros: Great benefits great team members salary position plus overtime double time and holiday triple time. 3 weeks vacation at start. Great yearly bonus program and merit raises yearly

Cons: Executive managment is okay with lying and gaslighting their employees for stock market goals
Advice: None
Pros: Cool things going on in company and IT seems like a good place to work

Cons: Stressful environment and dealing with union.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits offered.

Cons: Management will go to great lengths in firing you with no adequate reason to fire you. Was fired for not submitting my one docent into three. Said I didn't follow process, which was never provided. I was award winning employee and all of a sudden being fired. There is no room for growth.
Advice: If someone wants to transfer into a new opportunity dont open that opportunity by firing the best person at respective position.  Shame.
Pros: Thought it was a good place to work and follow in your grandfather's footsteps and retire from there...

Cons: - Yearly raises decrease as time of service increases. Does not match inflation. - Limited opportunity for advancement. - Corporate hiring/ promotion focus based on diversity targets, not necessarily choosing best/ most qualified candidates for positions.
Advice: Develop programs to reward/ incentivize longer service employees with raises/ bonuses/ advancement opportunities - similar to the programs to attract/ retain new hire employees.
Pros: Major company easily recognized in industry.

Cons: -Company still fairly hierarchical, feels conservative, needs new upper management
Advice: None
Pros: -They care about employees, good benefits, well known in MI

Cons: Long hours and working on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, profit sharing and the entire team is nice

Cons: No more remote. We are going back to hybrid.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training and time to learn.

Cons: Depends on manager, your work life balance is broken.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health care. Good 401k

Cons: Continued Lack of Senior Leadership Driving us to be the best. We have embraced mediocre Leaders, which is starting to produce mediocre results.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Great Products, Great People,

Cons: No cons for the current
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for a company

Cons: Work all weekends, rarely off.
Advice: None
Pros: I appreciate having a job.

Cons: Career path is not clear
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job, good benefits, nice balance family/work

Cons: Not many, maybe that they want us back in the office, but it will remain flexible for you to pick the days to go
Advice: None, all the managers I have had so far are great!
Pros: Good salary and benefits, there are many paths to grow inside the company

Cons: No enough schedule flexibility for time off of work for important reasons. You get in trouble for calling off. I had to miss specialist appointments due to not being able to get the day off.
Advice: Give more schedule flexibility and able to take off for appointments for self and family members.
Pros: Working for a major company. Learning a industry in a different field.

Cons: Lots of Driving. Should be able to meet with dealers bi monthly or once a quarter and have meetings over the computer. The meetings in person can be done over the computer and would save a lot of time. Not able to do any work while driving and end up doing a lot of work in the evenings. Lots of wasted time with the amount of driving.  Work Life Balance is not the best in the field.
Advice: Think about dealer visits bi monthly or once a quarter and the rest of the meetings can be done via Teams. Driving 3+ hours one way to a dealer and back is a lot of drive time and will not be realistic in the future.
Pros: Benefits and Healthcare is good at GM.

Cons: Manufacturing sector does involve a lot of additional work hours compared to non-manufacturing roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty solid benefits. I just wish counseling was covered a bit more. Good pay for the manufacturing sector and the work that comes with it. Lots of great problems to work on and solve within Electrical Testing.

Cons: Bureaucratic and very political. Management heavy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and bonuses are good.

Cons: No retirement Pay, that's all.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is good Work life balance Value its people

Cons: Making Manager is a bit difficult. Not a lot of employee development programs
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, great benefits, and exciting projects to work on

Cons: Lots of hours required to work.
Having to beg supervisor for time off to be at my 1st grandchild's birth. Got wrote up when it took more than a day. This was after not asking for any time off after being there for over 6 months.
Fired for extended illness and not rehire able.
Working at GM was a dream I had for a long time. Had to accept a temporary position at a very low wage at todays standards $16.65, 3 years ago. The hire in wage is still the same right now September 2022 as a temp. Most factories today pay at least $18 today.
Worked for a year and was still not hired.
As a temporary employee I was treated like dirt, Went home in tears several times and I am not a sensitive worker. Been working for 30 years and never cried on the job.
Applied for assembly position was forced into a Hilo position. This was after already attending two weeks of training.
Everything is on seniority, When people get sent home early its always seniority first. Want a day off? Nope, Seniority first. Want a different job? Nope, Seniority first. Want to get hired in? Nope, Seniority first. Want a locker with your name on it? Nope, you're a temp.
Possibility of $1 raise every year, once hired in. Wait...Seniority first (see where I'm going with this)
Advice: Everything I wrote is 100% truth even through my bitterness. I mentioned previously General Motors was my dream job, come on I live in Michigan. Every old person I know has retired or worked for General Motors. Things have changed entirely. You took away retirement, oh wow I get 401K! You took away high paying jobs, Oh wow I get $16.65, McDonalds wages are a dollar less today. You made people pray they get hired in and I have heard stories of folks working for 5, 10, 30! years and still not even considered for hire. Also temporary employees are considered disposable. You make people work hard as hell, treated like s&amp;$@ everyday, for years and years as a temporary employee with no time off or raises. You make people work 6 sometimes 7 days a week, 10 hour shifts in the job they really didn't apply for. Not only management doesn't care about you but every EMPLOYEE knows you are a temp and they treat you like garbage too. Every single person you work with hates your a&amp;$ if you are a temp. Bottom line at General Motors. if you can make it to getting hired in, you're golden and being in the union is great. After all of that above it really is worth it, at least I think so and I wish I would have made it, but I didn't.
Pros: Lots of hours required to work.
Plenty of overtime.
Possibility of being hired in (even though it didn't happen after a year)
Union Job.
Pretty fantastic employer paid insurance. Even as a temp!
Paid training.
Once hired, $1 raise every year.
Exercise room on site, ATM machines, amazing lunch facilities, pretty clean and safe for a factory.
Nurses on site for illnesses and injuries.

Cons: Salary is not competitive with the market
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, learning, ownership, life work balance, great culture

Cons: No cons I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Opportunities, Benefits, Culture, Inclusion

Cons: Very Slight Decline in Quality of a few large vehicle
Advice: Listen to field workers on concerns
Pros: Great collaboration between workers and departments Open Door on Career Paths Posting all Jobs Management helpful in career development

Cons: Can feel large and slow moving
Advice: Keep moving fast and strategically, as you have been
Pros: Great compensation, many functional opportunities, focus on company values

Cons: Organisation changes, Employee firing, old tech aNd teams
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture, Incentives, Bonus, reputation, fortune 500 company

Cons: There are no complains, overall very great place
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and the team is so fun to work with

Cons: the family 1st, safety and all inclusive portrayed inthe adds is nothing but smoke and mirrors. GM is a white male dominant environment outside of corporate offices. What they preach and how they actually are are 2 different things.
Advice: Practice what you preach and walk the talk. Get rid of the upper management bullies and micro management staff at the production plants.
Pros: the pay is pretty good

Cons: Corporate culture is toxic. HR attacks successful workers when they stick around long enough to make a decent wage.
Advice: None
Pros: Not any when I left.

Cons: No cons really, great company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Employee care discounts, General product discounts like tvs and stuff and profit sharing

Cons: Hierarchy and ok’d school mdntsluty
Advice: None
Pros: Great diversity at the comiany

Cons: Base salary is not market competitive. Started making 3/4 of 100 grand. Got a 3% raise in 2021. Now incoming Track engineers are making 82-88k. Company does not reward loyalty. It also does not promote people with expertise. Management prefers to pull 30+ yr tenure dinosaurs with LESS THAN A YEAR of RESS experience over from transmission and engine to lead our RESS org. Meanwhile, people who have 8 YOE in RESS spanning back to introduction of Chevy Volt are stuck in middle management. Therefore, company does not reward intelligence or expertise either.
Advice: Reward those who consistently overperform and were hired in with low salaries during COVID. Reward or lose top battery talent to Rivian, Tesla, Aptera, companies which pay highly for expertise.
Pros: Great coworkers, great culture, great movement upwards in RESS organization, engaging work, good recognition and visibility in RESS sphere, good benefits

Cons: low compensation compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb, and opportunity to progress

Cons: Corporate messaging and guide path is misaligned with actual methodologies of current plant culture.
Advice: Group leaders are not highly valued as part of leadership teams but rather looked at as a subsect of the hourly workforce. Most group leaders are working under stressful conditions and are not supported for success to reach objectives but rather “old” culture teachings and high pressure tactics are utilized instead reducing morale.
Pros: GM corporate is attempting to create and foster a “new” era of managing production workers in order to remain competitive with todays labor force. This is a refreshing new approach from an industry traditionally known to be less progressive when it comes to the manufacturing workforce.

Cons: not that i can think of
Advice: i don’t have anything for the manangement
Pros: I love the work that we do, I think there’s a lot of opportunities within the company

Cons: Company size allows room for too many underperformers, making cross-functional work difficult at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Pay, Work/Life Flexibility, Endless Opportunity, Facilities

Cons: Certain areas are stereotypically corporate and full of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable pay, good benefits, good pto and holidays, diversity and inclusion initiatives.

Cons: Work hours may be long
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment and progessive encouragement

Cons: Lots of bureaucratic processes. Pretty slow development timelines
Advice: None
Pros: Not overworked. Most teams are staffed appropriately.

Cons: Still too much old school politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and time off

Cons: Sometimes things may not move as fast as you may like just because of the sheer size of the company and the large number of people and processes.
Advice: None
Pros: GM was a great place to work. Has challenging work and lots of opportunities across the company. Really good salary and benefits.

Cons: Pay could be better (also, new hires were making more than existing when we entered into the rotational program), EV technology is a bit behind leading competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Intelligent and kind people, TRACK program is a great way to start off your career, lots of room to try things out and for networking

Cons: Workload has increased significantly since covid so WLB has increased a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and decent pay Great work culture

Cons: But...it's slow. This is natural for a large, old company. Change requires patience and a lot of conversation and perseverance, which can be frustrating, especially for newcomers.
Advice: Be Bold when something isn't good enough. It's very inefficient for each employee/team to figure out workload and task management. Employees are given a thousand little tools, but experts need to build smarter, ready-to-use software "machines" and teach other teams how to communicate and manage work excellently.
Pros: Really has a culture of wanting to be great, and as an individual you have potential to create your own adventure. Pick a pet project and push for it!

Cons: Constantly working 6days a week for the past +4 years is tiring and overwhelming not really having time for family or a life outside of work your body breaks down eventually I’m 32 and have already had 2 surgery’s cause of the repetitive work we do daily.
Advice: Instead of 6 days how about  2 weeks on 1 week off then there wouldn’t be so many work related accidents and less people trying to constantly take leave.
Pros: The pay and benefits are great including the bonuses that’s why very few leave there is no other place that can really beat the benefits

Cons: Hybrid work life Boomer work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Pay Low work load at times

Cons: Pay is not very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people, great company vision, fair work-life balance expectations, nice recognition system, good perks overall

Cons: High school vibes. Poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and benefits. Room for advancement

Cons: Nothing about this company is great
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits great people to work with

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Chill atmosphere and great coworkers

Cons: very political and knowing the right people is valued above all else
Advice: None
Pros: large organization with many opportunites to rotate

Cons: Salary ranges are usually at the lower end in the market because of the benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and generous PTO compared to other companies

Cons: They are in a continuous pattern of overhiring, and then cutting jobs.
Advice: Should be more responsible with hiring strategies.
Pros: Very good benefits and flexibility

Cons: -Unless you're in the right circle or come in with experience, you're not getting a promotion -Management treats employees as if pay was competitive -No pension -No COLA -Takes years to get hired and wages are frozen for two years @ low starting wage -Pay is awful compared to what it could be and half what it used to be -Used to be a career job -Lose a lot of friends to other, higher paying jobs
Advice: Offer significant pay increase for both temporary and permanent workers and work ethic and quality of work will raise immensely.
Pros: -Health insurance is good -Paid holidays

Cons: low pay, horrible communication, unfair work environment
Advice: None
Pros: i won't work there again

Cons: Large company which can sometimes feel to large for a single employee to make a difference.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, culture and people leaders

Cons: Hurts not having experience in 1 particular area when job hunting.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to be able to work 4 different jobs and have control over your future

Cons: They rob you of you many years of service then make cuts just as people are approaching retirement age, it is a disgusting practice.
Advice: Do better, be better, try harder.
Pros: The retirement options, and job security.

Cons: I honestly didn't experience any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hybrid work settings. Great people to work with. Inclusive company

Cons: I don't like that I am constantly new in my role for a full two years. It is a long time to feel like you don't completely own what you work on. Some roles have a decent amount of work for you to do for a 6 month rotations, and some rotations have hardly any work at all. The roles can be inconsistent in this way, but with proper networking you can weed out the roles with work balances that aren't for you.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the chance to be able to explore different roles and opportunities out of college, especially not being sure where I want to land. Definitely helps give insight to where you want to take your career.

Cons: Can get busy during product launches
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting technical challenge Good overall team dynamics Excellent work life balance in general

Cons: Base pay is a little on the low side, especially in Austin (cost of living in Austin is getting out of hand). Sometimes projects can become back-and-forth due to business needs or slow communication. I don't see any reason that Austin employees should have to live within a certain distance from the office. Most people seem to prefer work-from-home (myself included) so living closer to the office (higher rent) is redundant since we mostly work from home. I would prefer to be 100% remote, so I can at least move to a cheaper area to compensate for the lower end salary.
Advice: Be a little more pushy for better bonus/raise % for employees.
Pros: Great work-life balance at GM. In most teams there is very little micromanagement. Every teammate gets their work done. Meetings are minimal, average of 2 short meetings per day. If the company does well, and your individual performance is at least up to par, you can expect a bonus of more than the number promised at the beginning of the year.

Cons: Improve workers pay for more work
Advice: None
Pros: Making sure all staffs are carried along

Cons: Hard to get promoted, hard to get significant raises without promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Great people at General Motors, exciting work, overall company culture is positive.

Cons: Bad management 
Mostly due to PM 
Promotion period, almost zero % you get promoted to 6 without sitting duck for 3 years 
Not a good place to learn and improve as Developer
Bad Onboarding Process
Advice: STOP USELESS JAVA TRAINING when the person isn't entitled to work with JAVA or PLAY with JAVA at the task and assignment level. 
BE REALISTIC about facts that you don't move people up and the same reason that made alot of Talent gone through your door suffer . 
Most of new Hires \ new Grad tried to find the way out
Pros: Nice People 
Good Environment
Perfect for Easy Going type of Developer

Cons: Opportunities for growth can be limited
Advice: Promote internally more frequent
Pros: Great work-life balance Kind team members

Cons: This was a High stress level position
Advice: None
Pros: This is a Great work environment

Cons: no sick leave for any personal reason
Advice: None
Pros: Good friendly environment to work at

Cons: Long hours - no home life.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and benefits plus union

Cons: Red tape, slow processes, takes years to move up
Advice: Give more autonomy those at the ground level and eliminate outdated/slow processes
Pros: Strong support system, clear guidance and work instructions, regular opportunities to explore other positions

Cons: Mandatory long hours and off shifts
Advice: Be nice to the pwople working for you. Very cut throat work enviroments
Pros: Pay is good and benefits ok

Cons: It's not easy to get in. There's a very in-depth interview and a multi-step selection process.
Advice: None
Pros: This position has great benefits because of the United Auto Workers Union. There is a very low turnover rate. The work environment is very friendly and all of the hourly people and the majority of the salary staff treat you like family. Overall, it's a great place to work. 

It's a very unique career opportunity with many rewards.

Cons: Good ol' boys club in Fort Wayne Indiana.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay. Good benefits too.

Cons: Slow growth and low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to learn different skills

Cons: no cons as such, great company
Advice: None
Pros: good culture, great people in the company

Cons: Not too much real interaction with coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid is a pro for this

Cons: do not work from home
Advice: there is no advise at this time
Pros: so much fun every day

Cons: No room for real growth in the company as a Production Worker.
Advice: Be more respectful to low level workers.
Pros: Profit share and health insurance benefits.

Cons: At times the people, jobs change too fast to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people work here.

Cons: very little opportunity for raises or promotions
Advice: None
Pros: work was easy, not very stressful

Cons: Do not have any cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Bonus each year Great culture

Cons: can be long hours with overtime
Advice: None
Pros: the benefits are really good

Cons: Not treated as equal if female
Advice: Learning how to communicate, treating all employees the same
Pros: Meeting so many different people/ networking

Cons: Very hard to get promotions, no ethics among executives, if you aren't a member of the "club" you will be overlooked.
Advice: Remove executive's long time friends from power positions.
Pros: Insurance (health, dental, and vision) Holidays Vacation time

Cons: repetitive work no skills required
Advice: start focusing on employees and quality not quantity
Pros: good pay for unskilled entry level work

Cons: Very fast past environment must be able to adapt very quickly.
Advice: More training time and support.
Pros: For an entry level supervision position good and many special project to enhance your skill set.

Cons: They need to increase base pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back environment. Good work life balance.

Cons: The pending lay offs might change the pros
Advice: None
Pros: They pay me twice a month

Cons: vacation time isnt that good, expected to work overtime, most people arent very engaged in their work and are just sitting around waiting for retirement. Managers dont really drive change or anything, impossible to move up to a good role with high pay unless you have worked there 20 years
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay and work is fairly easy and people are nice

Cons: Not tech centric. The interviews are very behavioral and hence they end up with people who can talk but aren’t good at coding or design. Lack of accountability culture at management level. People leaders are bullies who are driving away great talent.
Advice: Hire technical people leaders. If many people on a team are quitting, then there has to be a problem with the leader of that team. Hold the managers accountable for their actions. Tons of managers are bad and are here just for the money and the free car, fire them.
Pros: Great 401k matching and work life balance.. but that’s about it.

Cons: Favoritism. No work-life balance. The supervisor (not all) doesn't know how to properly handle direct reports. Politics. Doesn't appreciate your hard work.
Advice: More HR-employee engagement to speak up about concerns and issues within the team.
Pros: Competitive culture. Bonus. Nothing else.

Cons: NA NA NA NA NA
Advice: None
Pros: Provides an opportunity to learn new things

Cons: hard to tell for now
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work for

Cons: One you get to a senior level, it is hard to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of opportunities and great benefits

Cons: Worklife his horrible. 6 days a week. Union employees can be difficult with no real discipline. Coworkers are deceitful and backstabbing. High deductible insurance.
Advice: Support one another and improve worlife balance.
Pros: Decent pay if you like overtime.

Cons: There are no cons at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Great working experience when working

Cons: Compensation need to keep up with the inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment with good compensation

Cons: Significantly understaffed in key areas, leading to burnout of employees
Advice: Streamline the portfolio. Too many programs and not enough staff
Pros: Excellent workplace. Interesting problems to work on. Strong focus on career development.

Cons: Sometimes don’t give you the most thrilling work
Advice: None
Pros: Rotational program is awesome way to get experience throughout massive company

Cons: Noticed some politics between teams
Advice: None
Pros: The culture within GM is great and the company does value work life balance.

Cons: Still have a lot of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive and diverse than expected

Cons: -Demanding work. -Cannot work from home.
Advice: None
Pros: People are great to work with, good insurance and health support. 401K matching.

Cons: Responsibility heavily spread out across multiple engineers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Amazing benefits.

Cons: Detroit, pretty buricratic, can be slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, vacation, talented top management

Cons: Not much structure in terms of job duties
Advice: None
Pros: They have ample resources to learn, the culture is very helpful.

Cons: to far to drive 100 miles eah way
Advice: None
Pros: the pay was very good at the time

Cons: Pay is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance .

Cons: Nothing comes to mind now
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse, efficient, training, growth, stability

Cons: Relatively low pay for the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and work/life balance

Cons: - heavy tech debt, so not much coding of new systems - dismissal of salary reviews - removing remote work options
Advice: None
Pros: - Relaxed work environment - understanding of deadlines

Cons: extremely large could make one feel lost physically and metaphorically. processes and structure (the system) in place sometimes impede more than facilitate.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and benefits, seems genuinely respectful of their employees

Cons: Long hours and stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge technology best of the best

Cons: Being a large multi-national company there is an issue with people slacking and bringing down teams instead of being let go.
Advice: Keep rewarding the employees helping push the bottom line and getting vehicles in the hands of customers.
Pros: Great pay, bonus, benefits, leadership. Exciting place to work as we transition into EV’s!

Cons: Bad management of your company
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay good employees still

Cons: nothing that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great engineers and smartest people all around you.

Cons: No cons maybe change management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and decent PTO overall

Cons: The company seems to be too sluggish to keep up with the competition, at least in IT.
Advice: Focus less on what you want to do, and focus more on what the market is telling you what to do.
Pros: 40-hour work week, lots of room to learn

Cons: long hours, getting dumped on by wannabe managers who don't want to do their jobs and would prefer to delegate it to the only admin, stress,
Advice: Pay attention and keep your eyes open as you REALLY don't know what's going on.
Pros: Great benefits, training, people, and beautiful Ren Cen office environment, learned how to complete overseas expense reports and trip planning

Cons: Need to deal with politics. Sometimes hard to be in the right circle to progress career.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, many opportunities and options

Cons: Tech stack isn’t standardized and changes a lot from team to team even when implementing similar applications. Many time waster meetings.
Advice: Make return-to-office/hybrid a team decision
Pros: Great benefits that continue to only improve. Great job security. It’s easy to find jobs internally to advance career or switch teams

Cons: Constant drama between union and management. Never ending show of power from both sides.
Advice: None
Pros: Camaraderie and sense of team is very strong. Your friends and team will try to help you. Benefits also amazing here.

Cons: Too much politicking going on
Advice: None
Pros: Fun flexible work from home

Cons: - Not too much work - Need to push to get more experience - May not even get a SWE rotation!
Advice: None
Pros: - Not too much work - Since you're moving every 6 months, expectations are low - Good benefits

Cons: They might lay you off anytime
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits / bonus.

Cons: No cons with this employer
Advice: No advice needed
Pros: Management and culture is really good

Cons: Coast too much and you are left behind in skill and improvement
Advice: Require software managers to have software experience
Pros: Depends on your drive to keep learning and improving. Able to coast.

Cons: I don't really have anything bad to say about this company. If working remotely can be a permanent policy, then this company would be even more amazing!
Advice: None
Pros: Work appropriately is the current policy, you can come into the office or work from anywhere where there's internet, and quite of course. Just started in Jan 2022, so far so good. Can't complain. This company has been treating me well from the start. Lots to learn and everyone is so happy to help out and so nice, very understanding of your situation. Benefits are amazing! specially if you have a family. What ever you want to learn or get into, you can, they provide you with resources to achieve your goals. Just overall, great first out of college job, even for experienced people too, it seems they love it there.

Cons: Pay could be better in-person 3 days a week
Advice: Pay your employees competitively
Pros: SAFe great team varied work

Cons: Not applicable at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is an AMAZING company to work for.

Cons: - Large company, if you need something specific, you will need to advocate for yourself, or take time searching for the answer you need.
Advice: Give people a chance to drive the new EV's, the Hummer, the Lyriq, etc. Let them witness how great the cars are, and they will support the initiative much more.
Pros: - Clear organizational goals and mission.
- Industry leading pay and benefits.
- Great coworkers, culture.
- They trust me to do the job that I know I need to do.
- I feel supported by management.
- I feel secure in my employment.
- I feel accomplished in my work.

Cons: Don’t have any cons. Just got laid off after restructuring.
Advice: None
Pros: -Better than FCA in terms of salary, investment in employees, investment in equipment etc.

Cons: Exit into the right team.
Advice: None
Pros: The track program is great for exposure!

Cons: Really good for entry level.
Advice: None
Pros: Good for entry level work seeker.

Cons: poor communication from leadership :(
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay, decent benefits, decent people

Cons: They will try and low ball you in management. Speak up for yourself.
Advice: None
Pros: The best when it comes to benefits and days off

Cons: Sensitivity to global economic / political areas.
Advice: Continue to look for ways to automate processes; workload can become challenging throughout the year during ongoing economic disturbances. Looking forward, how are we going to mitigate the impact it has on employees work/life balance.
Pros: Excellent work life balance, leadership visibility opportunities, etc.

Cons: Company completely ignores employees and has proven it. They removed work appropriate and remote for many positions, after being told it would be a permanent remote. Remote work was the only real benefit they had comparing to other companies in the area.
Advice: Allow full remote work. Employees and talent will leave causing even more issues and delays to development
Pros: People are easy to work with. Everyone is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Project owners and managers are always willing to listen and help wherever they can. Great for growth and managers 1:1 are nice to have

Cons: Blending traditional auto industry expectations with "fail fast" mentality of agile software development is challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Surrounded by lots of intelligent people motivated to make better products for customers. Strong effort to be as diverse and inclusive as possible. Vision of zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion is a strong and meaningful purpose.

Cons: low salary, low tech exposure, low mentorship
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good people, great cars

Cons: Pay is too standardized across the company, so some roles are quite underpaid relative to the market
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome culture, people, and projects. Super flexible and accommodating culture for persona life.

Cons: Big, international team without sense of community. Slow upward mobility.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid and work from home options.

Cons: I have no complaints about the job
Advice: Keep doing a great job with employees
Pros: Great job I love it there

Cons: old school return to office
Advice: None
Pros: established company car discounts for family and friends

Cons: Employee wear multiple hats its difficult to find where you can asked for assistance from
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, Vehicle to drive, equipment needed. Seems that every employee is willing to help you as a new employee

Cons: Global hours can make for long days
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, exciting, progressive technology company. Inclusive work culture.

Cons: Salary is fair, but not a key point for joining GM.
Advice: None
Pros: GM promotes professional growth for employees. Regardless of the position you start, there's always an opportunity inside GM for you next to increase your value as a professional. So, take advantage of that!

Cons: Demanding work schedule leaving little time for quality of life.
Unclear paths towards growth or moving forward in the company.
Hard to take time off with little benefit of vacation time. Inadequate amount of vacation time for the demanding schedule.
In order to move up in some cases requires a pay cut.
Little to no training plan or mentorship.
Company is making record money in sales while cutting pay.
You are only as good as your last months profit for the company despite years of gains.
Advice: Create clear articulated paths for moving forward for employees.
Quality of life in line with vacation and family time should be considered.  People are in burnout and will perform better if there is balance.
A mentorship program should be in place to help train new employees.
Pros: I worked with talented team members who routinely helped each other to succeed.

Diversity in hire is excellent.

Cons: Overall Pay is a Con
Advice: None
Pros: Great People but overall pay could be more competitive

Cons: Good PTO and solid benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Poor WLB in electrification divisions

Cons: Pay Work life balance Career development
Advice: None
Pros: Paid holidays Unlimited sick days 401K match

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, fast paced but in a good way, leaders that want you to succeed

Cons: Very hard to get a promotion due to so many layers
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Good teams to work with Nice people

Cons: Not much to mention here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, co-workers often feel like family.

Cons: Lots of red tape to navigate to get things done. Turnover is huge issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent culture and pay. Good flexibility.

Cons: Very large company that can be difficult to move up in.
Advice: None
Pros: Large automotive manufacturer that is well positioned in the near future.

Cons: One needs to find one’s own passion and direction
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great company to work for

Cons: Sometimes workload is higher, but it comes and goes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great product and benefits at GM

Cons: I have not yet experienced any cons with this project
Advice: Management can improve in offering potential raises &amp; opportunities to grow in the company
Pros: Gm is a good place to work because of its program &amp; the great things it has to offer not only for customers but for employees as well

Cons: -Often feels like an internship i.e. assigned smaller tasks due to not being in a role long enough to be trusted with larger projects
-Hard to meet team members if working in a more remote role/team
Advice: None
Pros: -Seeing many sides of the company
-Making a huge number of connections from peers to execs
-Great benefits and care for you as an employee

Cons: Not too much cons except the pace is slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great wlb at gm and good college

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Training Diversity

Cons: provide a new car at no charge
Advice: None
Pros: high market share in the us

Cons: Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. The leadership is distracted by DE&amp;I to the point where the fundamentals are starting to suffer as HR  and the woke virus is taking over. GM will skip the most qualified and fill openings with quota employees that do not posess the requisit qualifications to match the job posting. HR demands other groups within the company be diverse all the while they are the least diverse group in the company. DESIGN, BUILD AND SELL THE BEST VEHICLES takes second place to the corporate social score.
Advice: Stick to the fundamentals. stop pandering to every sector of society. We are divided by your DEI push.
Pros: The salary is good and matches experience snd skills.

Cons: Worklife balance as a DRE working on electric vehicles is horrible. Long hours and zero overtime pay.

Accountability for people outside the DRE role is non-existent. Everybody expects you to know everything about your part and more importantly, every single thing related to your part has to be executed to perfection even if the actions are other peoples responsibility like Validation engineering, Suppliers, Purchasing, etc. You, as DRE, will be held accountable period, 0 excuses. 

Your performance will be judged on perception and self branding. If you are not good at public relations and perception, you will never exceed expectations nor get any promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary considering lower than average cost of living in Michigan.

Benefits are solid, low-ish healthcare premiums, great contributions to HSA and Parental Leave for males. 

PTO is good, you start at 15 days, increasing to 20 days on year #2 and increasing to 25 on your 10th year and then 30 days on your 20th year.

Cons: competitive between peers across teams
Advice: None
Pros: invests in training for new hires

Cons: Too many weekends and too much bullying. Poor management
Advice: Stop letting workplace violence happen and then turn a blind eye
Pros: Profit sharing is great and good bonuses

Cons: It's easy to get pigeon-holed in the company. Make sure you have mentors and supporters willing to help "promote" your skill sets and capabilities.
Advice: None
Pros: PR assignments at GM offer incredible opportunities to learn and grow. Whether you are working with product engineers or employees building the vehicles, your assignments will span multiple disciplines and functions. These assignments allow you to hone your skills from event planning to crisis management.,

Cons: Too many Re-orgs and changes in management and operations Too large so it is hard to build relationships with people outside of your team Not many events Some managers and employees are rude
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits package, matching 401k (up to 8%), good health insurance, decent amount of PTOs

Cons: Company is big and that add a lot of layers of ambiguity.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to start a career, learn and grow.

Cons: Not much training and no guidance for a new grad
Advice: None
Pros: The offered good benefits for employees

Cons: nothing bad to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, Inclusivity, Amazing team genuinely nice, Really great work/life balance.

Cons: high school like atmosphere. lots of nepotism in the workplace, so if you dont know someone that works there, you will have trouble getting a promotion. they also tend to promote younger people because they are looking for longevity and to be able to mold supervisors/managers.
Advice: stop the nepotism... you're only hurting the production of the company and employee morale by hiring unqualified people based on nepotism.  lots of people with no prior experience or even college degrees getting put into supervisor positions.
Pros: lots of overtime available. Great management. In order to make money, be prepared to work alot of hours. no work life balance.

Cons: HQ location Strategy Bureaucratic Crowded Politics
Advice: Solve the frozen middle
Pros: Global Respectful Innovative Talent Leadership

Cons: The promotions and positions do not go to the most qualified/ deserving candidates
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, decent benefits and pay

Cons: Did layoffs after Trump’s tax cuts to buy back stocks instead of rewarding employees
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, work-life balance can be decent depending on your manager/organization

Cons: Not many, you'll have a lot of fun
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities, good pay, good people

Cons: Just a number Physically, demanding Work and family life is not a good balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Free benefits Short term and long term disability Bereavement

Cons: Lots of road time, depending on the district you're in.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to be in Sales, Service &amp; Marketing. Company vehicle, flexibility and a pretty good work life balance if you can manage it.

Cons: Lot of hours no pension
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay benefits and union

Cons: Less benefits, work hours are not that flexible
Advice: None
Pros: People are great there, pay is average.

Cons: Sometimes work-life balance is not the best depending on project
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company to work for

Cons: Very bloated and very difficult to navigate the environment
Advice: None
Pros: Very easy company to work for, lots of variety and room for mobility

Cons: Pay isn't competitive with the overall market, both as a baseline and growth
Advice: If you want to market yourself as a tech company, you have to pay like a tech company too!
Pros: Culture is really open and welcoming, people are always willing to help and teach, very good work-life balance (8/9-4/5 most days)

Cons: Going back to 3-days in the office in 2023
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work contributes to great work-life balance Great Benefits Diverse Company Lots of opportunities to learn new skills

Cons: The UAW is a scam. They give people positions based on selling out the local membership. They put individual in roles (such as EAP reps) that they are neither qualified or competent to do. An example, Local 2250 gave an alternate EAP position to an individual because his father and uncle were the primary EAPs at the plant. This despite the fact that more qualified individuals applied for the position. Cronyism &amp; Nepotism will get you an appointed Local 2250 job but being qualified will not!
Advice: Make qualification requirements for ANY position that the locals, regions and international levels can appoint.
Pros: It pays well very well &amp; great benefits!

Cons: org changes and high expectations
Advice: None
Pros: cutting edge technology and customer focus

Cons: workload issues, not enough resources by management
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility with work hours, good bonuses usually

Cons: Some technologies are old, but they are going away and new tools are rolling out
More waterfall projects at the moment, but more are going Agile
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay in Michigan
Great Benefits (Medical Insurance, 401k, Tuition Reimbursement) and PTOs
Flexible work locations (IT have work from home options for the most part)
Great facilities and office environment
More stable career during economic downtime

Cons: Do not work  for Gm it in warren. Very bad experience.
Advice: Hire contractors
Pros: If you like Gaslighting backstabbing jerks this is the place to be.

Cons: The area I worked in did not practice open-door policy. Some managers in the organization led by fear and intimidation, making it a toxic working environment. Great talent left because of the management, not the work.
Advice: Be the positive face for GM.  Boost your employees to keep the morale.  The more respect you show your employees the more you get in return not to mention this motivates your team to give back.
Pros: Pay was great
Enjoyed the peers, collaborating with the teams especially the global partners
Believed in the department I worked in and saw the value the organization brought to the company, as a whole. 
IT tools for internal users were, at least, aligned if not better than other large corporations.

Cons: GM lacks any standards for hiring software engineers and often has no technical interview of any kind. This means you can be on a team with software engineers who can barely code, or surprisingly even have poor skills with a computer in general.
Advice: Have technical interviews for software engineers to have some level of hiring standards. Salaries for MI are ok but make them a bit higher for more competitive candidates, and have larger salary bands to really encourage the high performers doing most of the work

Drop the dead weight too, it takes a lot of our time to carry, help, and train some of the abysmally incompetent individuals.
Pros: You can coast on incompetency

Cons: Might not do work and some project can go slow
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, Great culture, and everyone is helpful

Cons: - Hybrid ONLY - Remote options are very limited - Management is very old fashioned
Advice: None
Pros: -Relaxed work schedule - Great training

Cons: Supply chain is obviously not a priority for upper management, materials departments are understaffed and have no budget. Still operating material flow like we’re in the 1980s
Advice: Invest in supply chain, can’t build quality vehicles on time and at scale without it
Pros: The benefits, pay and culture are great

Cons: Experts at gaslighting employees in my opinion. Work here if you want to lose your mental health.
Advice: Figure it out on your own. You wouldn’t listen to employees while we were there so not giving you the recipe to fix it.
Pros: Work from home? But not really because the micromanagement is unreal when working from home.

Cons: DEI- I was removed from a Boss Kettering award since I was leaving GM. You have to be over 50 years old to be left on one. I tried changing this but was totally rejected by that team.
Advice: None
Pros: I really loved the team I worked in at General Motors. If you join, find innovative teams like Autonomous or Electrification

Cons: The position might be one of the most difficult positions within the company. The GL is positioned to take heat from your upline supervisors, and you also have to catch heat from the employees. The union is extremely toxic to try and work with. The union trains the employee that it is okay to "tell a little white lie against management, so long as its for the greater good of the union".
Advice: Plant leadership should regularly get out on the floor to observe the behaviors from Union leadership, the disfunction, and chaos, that it brings.  Once they have done this, they should give production group lead's better training to handle the chaos.
Pros: There is a lot of overtime available.

Cons: Lots of mandatory overtime that for the most part gets canceled at the last minute making planning around it difficult.
Advice: If management would communicate more openly with hourly employees, productivity would be much better
Pros: Good pay excellent benefits. Union Shop

Cons: Mismanaged management will constantly shift your team and role.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to get your career started

Cons: None to think of now.
Advice: None
Pros: PTO (15 starting), paid holidays (~16)

Cons: Business needs to let tech people run things. Business prioritizes projects that do not focus on improving customer experience. 
Some teams are great, other teams are very disorganized and ineffective. Need to hold leaders accountable for their results.
Advice: Get rid of useless middle management that don’t help tech teams succeed. Continue to invest in tech and continue to improve pay and benefits to retain your talented developers.
More communication is always helpful. GM is making an effort to share info across the company, keep up the good work educating folks on our EV initiatives and upcoming new vehicle releases.
Pros: Really exciting time to work in tech at GM. They have many cool projects going on to support all of the upcoming new EVs. Company is trying to be more agile and overhaul their tech organization.
Pay, benefits, holidays are great.
Culture is awesome - people are passionate about the mission, and all levels of leadership promote diversity and inclusion. No drama, teammates are helpful and friendly. Casual work environment with a good WLB.

Cons: Line speed fast pace long days
Advice: Work with your team members  to understand the problems on the line and work well with others to solve problems and safety issues as well
Pros: People the management are workers that will help you threw your tough times

Cons: Management pushing onsite work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, headlining developments in the automotive industry, good work life balance

Cons: - Engineering promotions are rare if non-existant
- Hard work does not feel rewarding long-term
Advice: As GM transitions more into tech, incentives to perform well need to be increased. Going above and beyond does not feel rewarding at all. In fact, it feels actively discouraged.
Pros: - Work/Life balance heavily emphasized
- Internal transfers possible
- Positive and inclusive work environment

Cons: long hours and many Saturdays
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Great people to work for

Cons: Poor communications Poor work life balance. Hypocritical standards on employee safety. Lie and misleading in regards to work expectation. Forced overtime for months.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits free Pizza New car discount

Cons: Junior engineers get VIP treatment and become spoiled
Advice: None
Pros: Women are more easily to become managers comparing to other companies

Cons: Lots of hours, sharp learning curve
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Benefits, exciting career, excellent coworkers

Cons: all the time a lot of work
Advice: no comments
Pros: Best company to can develop your skills

Cons: not the most competetive compensation package
Advice: None
Pros: mostly work based on motivation

Cons: You must actively self promote yourself and work to make yourself known.
Advice: None
Pros: Large variety of positions available.

Cons: Not using the latest and greatest in technology. Forced return to the office. 30% of the staff does 80% of the work.
Advice: None
Pros: Attempts to have work life balance. Doesn't push you as hard as other tech companies like amazon.

Cons: few if any real issues
Advice: None
Pros: competative benefits, excellent culture, plenty of vacation time

Cons: Slow growth for managers, still rigged for upward movement
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work life balance, good pay, invested in learning

Cons: Not much field experience
Some days I didn't have much to do
Advice: Come up with a better plan/ goal for your interns, first few weeks I did not have much to do.
Pros: flexible internship
good pay
great culture, not an intimidating company to work for

Cons: Market conditions create challenging hurdles to overcome
Advice: None
Pros: Participating in solving global problems

Cons: Nothing I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Money is good and the work is awesome.

Cons: Changing tech direction happens frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is great. Remote work is available. Flexible work time. Good communication between teams.

Cons: Remote working was touted as a benefit, and they are withdrawing that
Advice: None
Pros: work environment is ok, compensation is average. Upward mobility is limited

Cons: Difficult to move up and go through promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: GM provides great benefits when compared to other companies

Cons: Pay isn't market value compared to other jobs in role
Advice: None
Pros: Loads of training Good benefits

Cons: Extremely boring work
Major retention issues
You may or may not do a technical job
Salary doesn't increase much
Advice: Full disclosure: i had a bad review and anyone reading should take it this with a grain of salt. I am considering taking a lower paying developer job elsewhere to find a bit more opportunity.

However, that being said I think management needs to learn how to develop and retain new college hires. You aren't going to compete with silicon valley, but you can cultivate a better reputation as a good place to start.
Pros: 15 days PTO to start
10% bonus(contingent on overall business performance)
Easy going with lots of flexibility

Cons: Can be hard to drive change.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company and a lot of room to grow.

Cons: None, I love it here
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for

Cons: Low base salary compared to competitors.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, very good benefits

Cons: 1) No stocks 2) Yearly raises are not enough
Advice: Continue the performance
Pros: 1) Good work life balance 2) Competent Engineers and good leadership

Cons: The concept of non-technical managers was puzzling to me. The promotion structure is based too much on time served rather than based on merit, which was frustrating. Many coworkers seemed to get by with doing little to nothing with no consequences.
Advice: None
Pros: There's good job security and room to move around the company and grow your career. I can definitely understand why many people stay at GM for long periods of time.

Cons: Culture is focused on fitting in with everyone else. Not a place to work if you have strong work ethic and drive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good training, benefits, steady work, good pay rate.Flexible Work environment.

Cons: Slow work pace and progress
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and great people

Cons: Company very siloed, engineering in particular hard to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of mentorship, ability to work with some cool data

Cons: A lot of paperwork and forms.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are very good.

Cons: Not a motivating environment, some dishonesty about roles.
Advice: More clarity about what the role will entail.
Pros: Good benefits, good work life balance.

Cons: Advancement could be illusive. Merits and technical skills could be better valued for advancement and pay raise.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is diverse, and work life balance is fairly good. Company also encourages innovation and development.

Cons: At times the company is still slow to innovate due to old processes and red-tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of options for challenging roles and a company that lets you pursue your interests.

Cons: Lay offs are quite frequent
Depending on team: Minimal support and guidance
I sensed some unspoken favoritism
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great place to start after college
Amazing ability to learn on your own
Teaches you that nothing is forever and allows you to always be ready for change

Cons: Lost fully remote flexibility for work schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, two days remote.

Cons: Nothing too bad to mention
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is pretty good for an OEM

Cons: No communication Poor leadership Same regime tok long
Advice: Better leadership
Pros: Health benefits Bonus Full time Discount

Cons: Monotonous work on an assembly line can be taxing.
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent work with good hours.

Cons: Systems can be hard to understand if placed in a CS heavy role coming from business. Personally not into the company culture and not enough camaraderie among team members. Too much variance in personalities in the office but that's just a personal opinion.
Advice: Management overall doing a great job on my team.
Pros: Competitive salary with great work-life balance. Very professional, intuitive leadership with great accountability. The work can be very rewarding and interesting to see your changes effect the business. I like my manager a lot.

Cons: - Has not made full-time WFH a permanent option (leaves it to individual teams to decide, so they're at least flexible for now).
- Difficult to seek mentorship within my own team; seniors don't appear to have time.
- The transition to SAFeAgile since last year has been fairly bumpy.
- Office snack options are overpriced.
- Frequently long hours
Advice: Make WFH a permanent option.
Pros: - Prioritizes cultural values and rewards participation in it
- Hires good people that are a joy to work with.
- Has a variety of cool projects with modern stacks (YMMV)
- Good benefits
- Office amenities such as: rising desk, two monitors
- Fairly casual office dress code. The motto is "dress appropriately".

Cons: The places run 6 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay. You don't have to do much, if you don't want to.

Cons: Takes too much time to accrue vacation. You have to work there for 10 years to earn 3 weeks of paid vacation while other companies offer 3 weeks of vacation to all entry level employees when starting.
Advice: Management should listen to hourly workers more and give us the same respect they give to each other.
Pros: Weekly pay for hourly employees

Cons: tendency to work in silos
Advice: None
Pros: get to work along with very highly qualified experts

Cons: Red tape Lack of training budget Not innovative when it comes to IT
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Having a fortune 50 name on your resume

Cons: Big company politics. Turf wars.
Advice: Some directors are not up to date with respect to technology.
Pros: GM has work in a lot of areas, so you can vary your career within GM
Company has become much more dynamic in nature with some areas having startup mentality.

Cons: None None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: 401k, Health insurance, Bonus, Culture

Cons: Managers didn't care to much on improving systems/processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy Work, wasn't very rewarding

Cons: If you want to grow you have to move every 2-3 year in the US
Some management decisions are old fashioned
Management reactions to environmental changes are delayed
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company
High job security
Helpful colleagues and friendly atmosphere
Numerous vacancies to grow inside the company
Lots of opportunities to learn new topics

Cons: Not friendly. People are not your team member, they are your competitor. People would try to distroy you to progress in their career!
Advice: You do not listen to us!!!!
Pros: work life balance is great. You can sign off at 5 if you want to.

Cons: I've written 99% java since I started here almost two years ago. On our team we have an almost purely non-technical management tier. Bad communication of requirements and design. Not going to get started on QA.
Advice: Design and requirements need to be documented. Team management should be technical so that they can take part in refining those requirements as they are handed to teams rather than putting the onus on developers to do so.
Pros: A couple great teammates. The ability to work remotely.

Cons: 100 year old company takes a while to turn the ship.
Advice: None
Pros: Over 30 years of great jobs as well as working with great people

Cons: - Uninteresting work - Long, pointless meetings everyday - Unfulfilling opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people - Great working environment - Great benefits and pay

Cons: - long hours - unrealistic deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: - good benefits - tuition reimbursement

Cons: I have nothing bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Was a great company to work with

Cons: Stress and high pace environment
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and Benefits are great

Cons: Poor development plan for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Really good values company and people

Cons: So far I have not seen any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had an amazing time at GM so far, they are really big on taking PTO and days off for yourself. There are always different team events taking place.

Cons: May not get to do what you actually want to do, pay is low compared to other large companies
Advice: None
Pros: Not much work/deadlines to do, good benefits starting off

Cons: Honestly, can't think of one at the moment. I have 0 complains.
Advice: None
Pros: I've been working here for a few months and I LOVE IT. Best manager, love working hybrid, so flexible with time, work is a manageable, love working with people from other states.

Cons: There appears to be a lack of Diversity in Leadership Positions.. the last black female director I encountered ended up leaving and going to a different company
Advice: None
Pros: GM offers great work life balance... what you do with your extra time is up to you.. kids side hustles

The balance is pretty good when you look at it wholistically.

Cons: Hard to move up unless you make the right contacts. Very old school.
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn a lot and grow as an employee

Cons: The growth can get stalled.
Advice: None
Pros: After SAFE agile introduction the working template is fast and rapid like a startup.

Cons: It's the auto industry you always have chance of being laid off.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits and overtime

Cons: not fair salaries with respect to othe remployees
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is good Great poeple to work with

Cons: Hard to climb up in career.
Advice: None
Pros: team supportive and helpful. Good support.

Cons: The job is physically and mentally demanding
Advice: Hold the TL’s more accountable
Pros: You make good money and benefits

Cons: pay is not so competetive
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work and life balance

Cons: with work from home they still want you to be in the area of an innovation center.
Advice: keep up the amazing work, thank you for being so understanding.
Pros: extremely welcoming, great teams, nice ramp up time for entry level software developers.

Cons: Some tech is outdated, but in my space this is being removed
Must push back to preserve work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: NCH program got a 20k pay increase to be competitive
Relaxed environment with lots of opportunities for advancement
Can take on a lot more responsibilities

Cons: Boring Uninteresting work Little growth
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Nice people

Cons: Needs improvement on team-to-team communication, company wide we dont communicate very well. Lots of duplicate work going on, lots of inefficiencies - still in a "siloed" work structure.
Advice: Look closer at the details, dont paint broad strokes that fit the majority. Acting like a smaller company will have areas growing more rapidly than treating every team/team member the same.
Pros: Good team dynamics, benefits, salary, areas for you to make an impact if you have the technical skill or the work ethic.

Cons: The salary for the Austin location is NOT very competitive. Although after about 6 months of working they gave a 25% raise after doing "market research" about local SE salaries for new college hires, it still doesn't touch what other bigger companies pay.
Advice: Pay more for your software engineers or you'll likely lose them.
Pros: They ease you into things, you'll have a mentor several senior devs to ask questions, plus your boss. You get plenty of opportunities to grow your skills, try working for different teams etc. They certainly don't work you to death like some other engineering companies.

Cons: Slow process to bring innovation to production
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance; flexible on what you want to do and research

Cons: Too much of discussions on trivial matters
Advice: None
Pros: Good respectful culture and values people

Cons: Drive too far from my home.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good company to work for.

Cons: I've been on 4 different teams in my time at GM. 3/4 times my managers were intense and expected results on a daily. Lots of people in Austin are very "try-hard" and will work until 7-9pm.
Advice: Learn how to delegate and encourage the team.
Pros: Some teams work with the latest tech stack (Angular/Java). There are some other teams working with React. If you're lucky, you'll work under a great manager who is relaxed and won't breathe down your neck because they have delegated other devs in leadership roles. I'm very lucky to have an amazing team who are super supportive and believe in work-life balance.

Cons: elimination of Work Appropriately very bluntly was a negative
Advice: None
Pros: crossfunctional collaboration is a constant in this role

Cons: Not very many cons working at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership cares about a great work life balance

Cons: very positive experience great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: absolutely great place to work before retirement

Cons: You can be ignored sometimes even when you're doing good work because it's a large company
After getting out of the college hire program, promotions are hard to come by
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Direct manager is very supportive (team by team basis)

Cons: Communication can be frustrating do to the size of the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Good benefits Good work environment

Cons: - leadership is lacking and the ability to want to improve things can fall to the way side…
Advice: None
Pros: - Pay (Salary + OT)
- Work life balance 
-Benefits (401k match, 12 weeks paid paternity leave, etc.)

Cons: Bad managers (toxic, hostile, etc) are protected by senior management and the company, while good employees are forced out. Anyone who speaks up is fired, while everyone else is mocked and treated like scum until they leave.
Career opportunities only exist for the submissive employees loved by the toxic management.
Advice: Manage your managers
Pros: Working from home. Company provided computer. Decent pay.

Cons: Sometimes due to size of company, slower to make decisions and implement them
Advice: Great work by management. Keep investing in young engineers and letting them grow and contribute to growth.
Pros: Great minds working alongside sharing the knowledge and helping to grow. 
Lot of interesting work on electric vehicles development. 
Best bonus options
Great health insurance with 1.5k contribution in HSA. 
8% contribution in 401k

Cons: -Management has everyone chasing a carrot sticks for promotions, they will get you to do more than you can and have you competing with each other but at the same time say it's "one team", and will promote very few (it is usually the manager's favorite). You are better off putting that effort to study and apply for a higher paying company than trying to be promoted for a 10% raise. 
-Low salary compared to other companies. During your end year review, you will get your review which says your salary and show where you are compared to the the "market rate". That is internal to GM (which is lower) and not the actual market rate. 
-There are some hires which know a higher up inside the company (relative or friend), and they get hired for pay grade roles for which they are not qualified for. 
-There is currently a lot of hiring. With that, the team dynamics are changing fast. Many people on my previous team left, and in a very short time there were many new hires. If you didn't leave, you got stuck holding up the fort, teaching new hires the ropes, and yes, most likely they are getting paid more than you.
-You are hired as a "Software Engineer" or a "Software Developer". The role will require you to do more than that, you will be an analyst, tester, operations, etc. I would often find myself swamped with production and non-production support tasks, than actual development, getting 3AM calls and running production deployments past midnight.
-With the company going 100% EV, they adapted SAFE agile. I would spend many hours in scrum ceremony meetings (spring planning, retrospectives, backlog refining), and not have enough time to do my actual work. Nothing good would come out of some of the meetings, for example retrospectives, would just be scheduled to rant and check the checkbox for following agile. 
-Company is hiring a lot of college hires (a pro in my opinion due to a young workforce), but with that there are less seniors, which means less mentors, and less knowledgeable individuals.
Advice: You expect so much from your employees, but your pay is not competitive enough to justify it.
Pros: -Company is currently going under a 100% EV transformation, which makes it an exciting place to work. 
-Good internally opportunities (lateral move with no pay raise - yes this is a con), but good opportunity for you to add new skills to your toolbelt for when you look for external opportunities. 
-Good benefits such as health insurance cost, and vacation/holidays given. Unlimited sick days, but only if you are sick for less than 1 week. 
-Company used to have a no work from home policy. With COVID, the company changed and is now hybrid, having to come in twice a week, for most roles.
-Pretty stable company as long as you meet expectations.
-Very good maternity and paternity leave time.

Cons: Wish the salary was more competitive, but other than that no complains.
Advice: None
Pros: I can't speak for every team, but my team was great and the manager was the best. The benefits here are pretty solid too.

Cons: crappy hours, lots of politics. Use it as a step somewhere else.
Advice: Listen to the hourly employees more, they know the product best!
Pros: Good pay to babysit adults

Cons: Can be long hours at times, but it is generally compensated.

Has a difficult time retaining young talent.

Work is repetitive in nature and can get old after a few months
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, holidays, pay, vacation.

Cons: hours can be taxing, having to deal with both european and asian based suppliers
Advice: None
Pros: will become intimately familiar with the vehicle design build and launch process

Cons: Leadership is reducing WFH time
Advice: None
Pros: The job has pretty good pay

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, pay and benefits

Cons: nothing to mention all good
Advice: None
Pros: it is great place to work

Cons: Work life balance is poor but I hear it's better lately.
Advice: Try new ways and listen to your people.
Pros: Good people, leaders in the field, security.

Cons: Weird hours, barely any holidays off, pay is controlled by the supplier
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, very simple workflow, supportive management, solid pay + benefits

Cons: Lots of weekends, mandatory overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, holidays off, vacation time

Cons: Communication could be a little better.
Advice: None
Pros: The Insurance is pretty decent.

Cons: Slow start in the beginning of career
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work life balance at work

Cons: If you want to grow in General Motors you'll have to spend several years doing lateral movements before getting a management position.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, people and leadership.

Cons: Actively looking for a new job because despite my manager telling me I'm performing excellently, the raises only keep up with inflation unless you jump up a level. And at that point you're then getting underpaid for your new level. Also I was very disappointed that GM IT is not really allowing for permanent full remote work.
Advice: Give real raises to high-performing people. I like GM's culture, and I want to stay, but even though I'm accomplishing more than 4 other developers put together, and I have a lot of business knowledge, I can't stay any longer because the pay gap is too much.
Pros: Good culture and fairly good work-life balance.

Cons: No cons to say anything
Advice: NA
Pros: Best place to work all the time

Cons: Computing environment, moves a little slow
Advice: None
Pros: Team wants you to succeed and thrive. Listens to complaints as well as tries to make the overall success of the team priority.

Cons: Pay Long hours No incentive No recognitions
Advice: None
Pros: Work Remote Profit sharing is good

Cons: Direction from corporate leaders Can out stress in management
Advice: None
Pros: Fair pay Flexible hours Consistent feedback

Cons: Hours and benefits were not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and brotherhood of fellow employees

Cons: Lack of training, work life balance
Advice: The support of more women in upper management
Pros: Pay, bonuses, promotion opportunities, lots of charity work, benefits are great

Cons: Get ready to work some overtime and not receive even a thank you let alone any extra pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous people, often are going to be understanding to any professional or personal dilemmas. Rare in todays world.

Cons: Micro managed to death, 1950's tech/ no scan guns.

 Run like a slave ship/circus. Race based favoritism, rampant absenteeism. Idiot managers, sexual harassment galore. 

Constant turnover when new hires realize how bad it is. High injury/accident rate ( the highest in the CCA division). This company is relying on past glory when in reality it's a minimum wage clown show !
Advice: Quit/resign and hopefully be replaced by outsiders that have experience leading people.
Pros: Benefits, profit sharing, , nothing else.

Cons: -Work can move a bit slowly sometimes
-Career growth isn't necessarily fast, growth depends on team you are placed in
-TRACK program may not deepen your knowledge sufficiently in any one area
Advice: None
Pros: -Interesting work (but this depends on the team)
-Excellent WLB
-Flexible schedule
-TRACK program gives ability to experience 4 different roles, good if looking for exposure

Cons: Experience is prioritized over talent Career growth/paths not well defined Lack of pay transparency
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and culture

Cons: Leadership has zero transparency Definitely feel like you’re just a number
Advice: None
Pros: Strong focus on diversity equity and inclusion

Cons: I don't have any at all!
Advice: None
Pros: remote and nice management, no complaints.

Cons: Mediocre pay. Not a good option for personal or technical growth. You will not be challenged technically, only your patience with your coworkers will be tested.

Very bureaucratic. People get promotions and titles they should not even come close to.
Advice: None
Pros: Good for stability, great benefits.

Cons: The transition to EVs is challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great plAce to work for all kinds of engineering assignments.

Cons: salary is kind of ok as per current market
No promotions , you can't even move up to next level easily
Advice: None
Pros: Good 401k match
Bonus package is good 
Work Life balance

Cons: None so far to my knowledge
Advice: None
Pros: Great wonderful experience as always

Cons: Low salary when compared to other software dev roles
Advice: None
Pros: Nice opportunities to learn and develop. Great people

Cons: No cons so far for GM
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork is easy. No company politics Pay is great for entry level

Cons: Can become a little political
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of growth and great benefits/pay

Cons: Too big company to grow professionally
Advice: None
Pros: Generous PTO and laid back culture

Cons: Some areas of the buisness are stagnant and can hinder development. They are easy to leave but very hard to change.
Advice: Review the areas of the buisness with greater rotation and replace management there.
Pros: Good work-life balance
Good growth opportunities
Good engavement with workers and leaders

Cons: Management only wants to slave you. Mandatory overtime for months and months with only about two days off per month. If you don’t work it as scheduled you get walked out (fired). They also make it almost impossible for career advancement. Once they have you on the production floor they want to keep you there. I informed them of a surgery I had and they asked me if I could reschedule it for the following year. They don’t care about you or your health concerns. They only care about the needs of the business.
Advice: Treat your employees like humans, not animals or robots.
Pros: Unlimited overtime and some of the employees are really cool. Also, good health benefits.

Cons: Claim to be a innovative company but stuck in their old ways
Advice: figure it out
Pros: If you are a boring person, you will enjoy

Cons: Once you're in the promotions are ok in terms of compensation. A lot less than you'd expect
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a good company to work for and they will pay well to get you into the company.

Cons: the transmissions laying on the ground
Advice: None
Pros: the lunches with all the team

Cons: Not much direction Mostly remote
Advice: None
Pros: Great people Great environment A lot of work to be done

Cons: I don't have any cons to share at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, integrity, leadership, technology, leader in battery electric vehicle development and growth.

Cons: Have not experienced anything bad yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote job, supportive team and management
4% 401K match, additional 4% automatic contribution, great bonus

Cons: No good benefits 
Not a good pay rate for what you have to do
Advice: None
Pros: Meet new people 
Learn new tasks
Hands on with many different tools and devices

Cons: They will work you 80+ hours a week. You will work every weekend and every holiday. Most work days are 12 to 14 hours long. You will have just enough time to go home, eat, sleep and get up and head right back into the plant. They don't care about you or your health.
Advice: Management doesn't listen. They only care about hitting their next goal and they are willing to use you up and throw you away to do it. Terrible on boarding process. Your health and family will suffer if you work here. It is a very toxic work environment.
Pros: They pay on time and the check won't bounce.

Cons: There are a lot of systems to learn, and some of them make no sense.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance.
People are welcoming and company culture is awesome.

Cons: Definitely treated like a number and not a person.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are decent, annual HSA contribution if you get a physical.

Cons: Old outdated processes 

Talks about innovating but slow to actually change

Not a flashy job

Pay is lower than some in IT

Work is not always the most interesting

Business and the upper leadership is in Detroit
Advice: Retain better talent by paying more and guaranteeing WFH
Pros: Lower pressure environment depending on the team you are on

WFH seems to be what most teams are staying with

Austin

Work/life balance

Easy to move in the company or get experience then leave if you want

15 days vacation starting and 20 at 3 years

Cons: Repetitive work and long hours Noise environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great wages and benefits Vacation tome

Cons: Extremely Corporate Low pay for industry
Advice: None
Pros: relaxed work environment light work load

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for

Cons: 9 Boxing system means that someone on the team is always judged harshly
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance Opportunity for advancement

Cons: same cons as any large company, you can get lost in the crowd
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility, great salary, responsibility, fulfilling mission, strong company vision

Cons: A lot of reporting. More energy spent on presentations and reporting rather than doing the work and investigating new designs. Too much of a boys club. Hard to get promoted.
Advice: Need to breakdown barriers and the boys club. Although the older are now retiring, the mentality on inbreeding keeps the stronghold. Create completely new teams and hire people outside the industry to innovate and come up with new ways of working. Leaders who have been there for more than 7 years will find it difficult to make this happen.
Pros: A very big workforce. Good work life balance.

Cons: No direction and management changes quickly, re-org
Advice: None
Pros: Laidback and friendly env. good for fresh collage graduate

Cons: My group is very toxic. Horrible for my mental health My opinions, voice, experiences do not matter to my management. I am treated horribly here
Advice: Listen and respond to your team, and not just your favorite ones
Pros: Only good thing I like is that it’s Remote

Cons: Return to work is being mandated
Advice: None
Pros: High salary and ability to move through the company

Cons: Executives make questionable decisions at times
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is appreciated

Cons: Long Hours and work weekends,
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and decent benefits,

Cons: Pay is not as good as google
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work and learn

Cons: Advancement opportunities are challenging and political
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and annual bonuses

Cons: Awful management, forced overtime, non-inclusive environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare and hourly rate

Cons: Pay raise and performance management system is broke. Raises are constrained to allocated high performers on a budget which can be demotivating. Also it fails to take into account job market rates for high demand workers leaving it easy to be tempted by other employers every few years when they don't keep up with the market.
Advice: Fix your performance management system and stop limiting your high performer counts if you have more than the budgeted high performers.
Pros: Performance Bonus and Benefits are pretty good. Parental leave policy is phenomenal and sets the bar for others. Paid vacation is also outstanding.

Cons: Bad Compensation
No Learning as A New College Hire
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance
Great Team Members

Cons: boring, and you wont learn much
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance nice people

Cons: Work home balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and vacation is good

Cons: Might not learn a lot if this is your first job
Advice: None
Pros: Chill work culture and not a lot of stress

Cons: I have no cons thus far with my employment with GM! Loving every minute of it!
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing with enforcing the 8 corporate behaviors as it ties every employee to the corporate strategy and engages us to "win with integrity".
Pros: They are very employee focused and are doing great things to engage employees and make them part of the Company's growth and future direction! Their benefit packages are very comprehensive and cost friendly.
Very excited to be working here!!

Cons: DEI specifically means people of color and young. It is not inclusive if you are white and over 40.
Advice: Make all job postings transparent and focus on qualifications not DEI agendas.  In addition to the behavior based interviews spend time on technical questions which cannot be prepared for.
Pros: Pay and benefits. Otherwise most people are just a number unless you are favored.

Cons: Large company, so slow to make changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative and inclusive company culture. Excellent work-life balance. Great benefits

Cons: Management accountability. Two-years before you can get hired full time. No dental or vision or 401k or profit share for two-years to name a few. Yet you're there everyday doing the same work working the same hours usually more than the full-timers. Union is worthless and seems to be on the side of management more than the workers. Never saw a union rep on the floor once working there. Saw my dues taking out every month though.
Advice: Reach for the rainbow. Great way to make a lot of money by only giving the appearance you're doing something useful.
Pros: Lot of OT if you want it. Insurance is decent.

Cons: No cons at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Management is very responsive. Offer many opportunities to expand your skillset and get new experience. Seriously committed to ensuring work life balance of employees. Have embraced a WFH hybrid environment allowing employees to make their own choices.

Cons: Too many meetings as software engineer
Advice: None
Pros: Can be hired as a full-time remote worker

Cons: Not really any I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible. fun, and diverse company

Cons: Beware of cronyism and nepotism.
Advice: Avoid popular trends and focus on delivering an industry leading product. Instead of finding ways to cut your older employees and costs why not instead look for ways to gradually enter them into retirement and retain their knowledge for the organization and newer less experienced employees.
Pros: It can be a great place to learn and build your background. Pay and benefits are competitive.

Cons: - Being such a historic, corporate company, GM's efforts to transform and act as a trendy tech-forward company are often lost. Orientation was generic, largely irrelevant for me, and lasted months
- Moves a bit slow
- Lots of corporate restructuring (2 new managers in less than a year)
- Experience is highly team dependent (I was on a great team)
- Pay is quite low compared to industry-standard
- Easy to feel complacent (almost too chill)
Advice: None
Pros: - Good mentorship from managers and senior devs
- Work with relevant languages and technologies
- Positive culture within team
- Low-stress environment

Cons: When the economy is doing bad GM has to slow down some of the extra things to make sure the company and its employees stay in the green.
Advice: None
Pros: There is always room to move around in the company. Everyone is treated with respect. Even none USA holidays are observed.

Cons: none for me in my 10 years
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to gain experience, work rotation

Cons: Long hours combined with low wages.
Advice: None
Pros: Brilliant work environment, encouraging and fast paced

Cons: Working with Ryder is horrible. They seem to forget who the Prime partner is. Its organized chaos, and most of the Ryder employees are very disgruntled. GM should force the hand and clean house with Ryder management.
Advice: Either take over the 3PL or find a company that can. 
Ryder is an anchor around GM's neck.
Pros: I love working for general Motors. It is very exciting. I have never felt so welcomed and respected. GM is growing rapidly. Its definitely a place to bring your talents.

Cons: taxed scholarships team access issues
Advice: None
Pros: flexible great team wonderful opportunities

Cons: No control of production schedule. 6-Day Work weeks
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of overtime available and solid benefits.

Cons: Economy based, possible layoffs when market is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits and work environment

Cons: not much to move up the ladder
Advice: trust your own people
Pros: good work life balance, flexibility

Cons: Top-heavy, very beurocratic and slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, big company

Cons: The salaries use to be below average. They recently upped the pay unilaterally for all new college hires. So.... my one and only critique would be that you will likely get stuck working on an antiquated technology when you first join.
Advice: Consider moving towards a more modern set of technologies. And also, keep doing what youre doing!
Pros: The amount of down time and the ability to work from home are fantastic. Additionally, 15 vacation days right off the bat is sooo nice. There's like 16 paid holidays. Thats a month of PTO every year!!!

Cons: Due to size of company, at times employees will be moved without much if any notice to another team to adjust assets/priorities. Also typical issues with cascading management and aligning values vertically and horizontally.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are fair and worthwhile.
GM's Vision of zero, zero, zero has helped shaped the direction across orgs.

Cons: Life work balance is not great
Advice: None
Pros: They pay good money and benefits

Cons: Trying to force people back into office.
Advice: Let people work where they wish.
Pros: Good pay, great, local staff.

Cons: Have to know the right people to get ahead
Advice: None
Pros: Good inclusive culture, big org

Cons: Could pay more but merit raises and bonuses make up for it.
Advice: Continue to nurture the skill building of the employees.
Pros: Great place to work, Work life balance is good, Good healthcare and 401k benefits. Also moving around within the company to gain skills is somewhat encouraged

Cons: Purchasing group not enough resources, too many initiatives in place at once
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, training resources in place

Cons: Not flexible schedule, didn't feel valued, not good for "single mom" type life
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, great benefits, good money, repetitive work

Cons: The position was stressful. There was no one way to perform certain tasks. Less than two weeks out of nesting I had up to 30 cases and continued to receive more on a daily basis. Car owners would have valid car trouble complaints they could not get repaired-- GM made vehicles that developed known issues that did not qualify for recall and left their customers stuck with vehicular problems they refused to pay for solutions to correct them. For these reasons, I'd never purchase a GM vehicle.
Advice: Hire more staff that is responsive and knowledgeable about the correct way to perform tasks. Perhaps generate if-then scenarios.
Pros: The staff was friendly, training was good.

Cons: Greedy company, no days off for full time temporary employees, very difficult for temps to get hired. Contractually they word things sneakily to trick or manipulate employees. The work (even though it’s simple) is VERY hard on your body, repetitious movements cause swelling &amp; pain. Injuries and workman’s comp issues are not taken seriously and are rarely covered, especially not for temps.
Advice: Do what’s best for the employees not what’s best for the financial gain of the already billion dollar company. If you have happy and healthy employees it will benefit the company in the long run.
Pros: Most jobs on the line are simple to learn. Have had good experience with management. Union works hard to fight for us.

Cons: Safe Agile is a terrible framework and is a bottleneck for getting work done.
Advice: None
Pros: Welcoming experience for new college hires.

Cons: Evening meetings can become a norm if you don't manage schedule carefully. I probably work 50-60 hrs/ week Frequently on the lower end with excursions to the higher.
Advice: Publish written guidelines on international meeting hours and days.
Pros: Great vacation policy, flexible on WFH, Great pay, bonus

Cons: Leadership decisions sometimes seem reactionary
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work/life balance

Cons: Lower Salary compared to most
Advice: None
Pros: Growth Opportunities, Hyrbid Office, Great Projects, Culture is amazing

Cons: Have to deal with people who don’t listen
Advice: Needs to work on working more with people to know if they are really in the right or wrong before assuming anything about them
Pros: Move around 
Learn more
Help people
Better pay

Cons: - long work hours, typically tied to the union workers schedule
Advice: Watch out for managers who micro manage. They will drive the actual good/efficient workers out.
Pros: - Pays well
- overtime pay
- generally smart people

Cons: Auto-industry is cyclical so you never know when we'll go into a downturn.
Advice: None
Pros: Bonuses, pay, benefits and culture cannot be beat!

Cons: Career advancement is very slow
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Benefits are way better than industry standards

Cons: There are no cons at all
Advice: None
Pros: The people live our cultural values, the product is exciting, the benefits are fantastic.

Cons: I sometimes didnt like it
Advice: None
Pros: I really loved working there

Cons: Minimal opportunities for promotion, can make big promises that aren't followed through on.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, strong rotational program, good learning opportunities

Cons: Can be high pace and very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, and innovative team to work with

Cons: Less opportunity to work with team outside my area of development. No a cons because it is a massive company
Advice: Keep up your support to employees. Thank you
Pros: Good pay, health benefits, work life balance

Cons: You can work a lot of hours.
Advice: None
Pros: The money and insurance is good.

Cons: Salary is not competitive as other tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Team members are helpful and GM has been growing to improve the environment for the employees. Work is often not so stressful and there are various resources to help employees within GM.

Cons: Only in Milford and Warren, MI
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee friendly and collegial

Cons: A lot of walking. If management calls overtime you have no choice
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay. Good people. Great benifits

Cons: None that stand out too much
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, great benefits. Happy

Cons: Long hours, can be high stress environment
Advice: None
Pros: Company car
Company credit card
Expense gas

Cons: This position is very stressful. I am a lead and expected to report out 24/7 and still get my work done under a compressed timeline. If anything goes wrong with my parts, I am held accountable (even if it wasn’t my error).
Advice: None
Pros: I’m continuously learning in this position and work cross-functionally with a lot of different teams and suppliers. Good for networking and moving up in the company. Love seeing my designs come to life!!

Cons: I enjoyed my time at this company and my team was great to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: Team atmosphere
Goal oriented
Room for growth

Cons: Low pay, is a boomer company
Advice: None
Pros: Good job security and benefits

Cons: strict 
90 days to get hired
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits 
decent pay 
profit sharing

Cons: - team works a lot of OT
- a lot of restructuring has been happening and haven't seen it communicated well
Advice: None
Pros: - compensated well for cost of living in the area
- team members are enjoyable to work with
- I feel that I get to work on new tech and get to focus work on what I want

Cons: You have to live in Michigan.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and really smart people.

Cons: Overtime rate is capped off
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime opportunity is there if you want it

Cons: Pay is below average for similar work in other industries. Many of our suppliers have significantly higher paid staff, with similar experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Recognizable product, plenty of challenges

Cons: sometimes work life balance is poor
Advice: improved work life balance. Off every other Friday
Pros: Work flexibility is pretty nice.

Cons: Nothing at the moment. They were known for layoffs before and lacking behind, but over the last 4 years they REALLY picked up the pace and transformed 180!
Advice: None
Pros: Now they are forward thinking and trying to be the best in tech! I left but I heard they are considering 4 day work week! Woah!

Cons: Management doesn't always understand the support side of the business.
Advice: Organize departments to be under an organization that understands the needs of the specific department.
Pros: Like cars, this is the place for you. They offer great benefits while you work there and flexible.

Cons: Easy to get caught up in the silo's of plant-life, without realizing there are opportunities outside of the factories.
Advice: None
Pros: Significant opportunities for people to shine, provided you speak to your bosses and make your intentions known

Cons: Team leaders don’t want to train
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits fast paced work with mostly nice coworkers

Cons: I have no cons about GM at all.
Advice: Keep up the good work and culture.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, and great people to work with.

Cons: Can get very political when it comes to career progression. Everything revolves around Michigan.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good people.

Cons: no cons to report about
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company to work for. Great benefits, work appropriately. Great balance between work and home life.

Cons: - Managers target doing what makes them look good versus what is good for their teams.
- No promotional opportunity unless you apply internally to other teams.
- Performance based merit raises are non-existent. You need to have good relations with upper management to get a good raise. Good raises aren't given out by performance. It's all political.
- Talent pool is weak because the interview/screening/assessment is so easy. All questions are STAR format with no technical discussion. The weaker talent tend to stay with the stronger employees leaving for significantly better pay elsewhere.
- There's a huge disparity between those who do and those who don't. You may find those who barely do anything are getting paid more than you.
- Constant chase for "emerging technology". They'll migrate from platform to platform for the sake of looking good on paper versus use case despite the fact that it disrupts team workflows.
- Low pay. This is one of the few companies where managers are paid more than critical senior devs (by a huge margin).
- There are a handful of rude/toxic employees. I'm not sure how this behaviour is acceptable. Reporting any harassing behaviour will end up with retaliatory action despite them having policies against retaliation.
Advice: Change how GM IT management operate. They don't care about feedback despite constantly asking for it and are very clique-ish to protect their own. Improve the culture in ALL orgs. Some are great, others are toxic.

Pay talent properly and have a stronger screening/assessment. This will result in stronger talent. If you keep seeking those from the bottom of the barrel and pay as such.... Well, you get what you pay for.
Pros: - Ability to work remote.
- Work/life balance CAN be good if you're working in a competent and respectful team.
- Culture can be positive but is very team/org dependent.
- Good 401k matching benefits and wellness incentives (overall compensation).
- Can be a good jump start to your career if you receive no other offers as a new college hire.

Cons: Not a remote job Hybrid
Advice: None
Pros: Usually 40-45 work weeks 401k matching

Cons: Too slow to go to production
Too many gates to pass for most things
Siloed environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great employees/managers
Good benefits
Great work/life balance

Cons: No career trajectory and no room for innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Job Security and pretty stable all around and good benefits

Cons: None in particular, overtime would have been nice but wasn't available
Advice: None
Pros: Treated me well as an intern, had a good project, manager, and pay

Cons: Some jobs are harder than others
Advice: None
Pros: Good work space, safety focused

Cons: Nothing to say about this...
Advice: None
Pros: WFH and other good benefits

Cons: Pay could be higher
Business asks are unclear at times
Advice: Hire less business
Pros: Days off
Work life balance
Benefit and the coverage

Cons: Incompetent managers, less growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work as a new college grad

Cons: The recruiter would put software developers in random teams without understanding their roles or duties. In my position there is hardly any development and more of other IT administration work which I did not sign up for. With time I found out this has happened with a lot more people. I do like my job but at the same time I signed up to be a developer so yeah that is a big risk while joining GM. Make sure to ask the recruiter about the role. (Though I did and I was not told anything).
Pay is decent but below market average.
Advice: Align the job titles of new hires with their duties.
Pros: A very good work-life balance. A superb 401k match, vacations etc. All the company benefits are really nice. Employee discount on the car is not so great but that is fine.

Cons: - Recent pay boost for entry level developers has been very nice, however, pay could still increase with the industry
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: - Overall laid-back atmosphere, allows for new software developers to learn
- 4% salary 401(K) match, with a 4% salary 401(K) gift.

Cons: Some managers have very old school mentality and are stuck in their ways.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are great, technology is mostly good, very good work/life balance

Cons: - some weeks you work 50 hours
Advice: None
Pros: - great teammates and work culture 
- flexible with your own time 
- tons of opportunities for growth
-

Cons: Poor management, team leads, and downright negative individuals. Terrible union- no real representation.
Advice: Hire more qualified candidates for management, and not just people who you know will follow your every wish blindly- knowing that the choices you make are wrong.
Pros: Decent money, good health care, paid time off.

Cons: Not as many remote opportunities as some may like
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay for the area

Cons: Not enough pay and location
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance

Cons: Pay is not well and bonus too
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company
To work for

Cons: Low salary level and slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great management and work environment

Cons: They take your mental health, force 6-7 days on you, deny vacations, call you back from vacations. Hiring and promotions are based on who you know inside not your performance. You are required to be there minimum 9 hours per day, provide little to no training at all they call it baptize by fire. Force politics down your throat constantly.
Advice: RUN
Pros: Close proximity to my home

Cons: The more years of experience the less compensated you are compared to new employees and outside industry. No fair salary increases
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, vacation, 401k match

Cons: There needs to be less meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, hybrid work.  
Outstanding leadership.

Cons: No work life balance and no care for employees workload
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good but not worth the amount of work you have to put in.

Cons: Nothing much I an think of.
Advice: None
Pros: A very good working environment. Good peer relationship. Company allows to be more creative and independent thinker.

Cons: As with all large companies the salary/promotion process is very nebulous and unclear.
Advice: None
Pros: Mobility within the company is fantastic, you can really learn a lot from many different areas if you wish to do so

Cons: None that I have experienced yet
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and everyone is really easy/delightful to work with!

Cons: Sometimes it might take a while to make decisions due to the collaborate culture
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay
Generous benefits
Flexible working hours
Collaborative culture
Supportive teams

Cons: Multiple injuries to production members due to poor supervision by group leaders. Throughput of vehicle assembled vehicles with little regard to production personnel and quality.
Advice: Walk your talk.
Pros: Benefits are better than average in the area.

Cons: - While they are still remote they haven’t yet commit to being remote forever which is what I was looking for.
- Pay was lower than I would’ve hoped for
Advice: Go remote and pay more.
Pros: - Great environment 
- Loved my Manager and Coworker 
- Interesting enough work

Cons: Very big company with lots going on, so your role will be very defined and not as fast paced.
Advice: Keep work appropriately as an option forever
Pros: Great Opportunities to advance and explore various roles. Very competitive pay and strong leadership.

Cons: Plant work can be noisy, lots of walking so be prepared and ready to soak in as much information. Hourly employees can be aggressive because of their pay difference compared to salary workers.
Advice: None
Pros: The salary is very good, you get a lot of hands-on experience, working on different projects, and a vehicle discount.

Cons: Can possibly have slow career growth depending on team. Pay is sub-par if compared to other tech teams
Advice: None
Pros: Chill WLB. Great benefits. Supportive workplace

Cons: management can be hit or miss depending on your direct manager
Advice: None
Pros: company has a clear vision

Cons: Long hours, no A/C, hard in body, boring, long
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits, good pay, good people, nice parking, good snacks

Cons: bad leadership, no sense of direction
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB and good benefits.

Cons: Lots of overtime then potentially long lay offs. If you're low seniority then job security can be an issue along with a schedule that can swing drastically. Company seems to like outsourcing/automating more positions so be wary of that. Not a lot of room to grow and its easy to feel stuck in place or stagnant.
Advice: Better communication between management and the production staff.
Pros: Hard to beat the pay scale and benefits package, it'll motivate you to stay. The job isn't too stressful overall. Having a job you can leave at the door is a benefit in itself as well.

Cons: it was good pay but took over my life.
Advice: None
Pros: working at general motors was ok

Cons: There are little ways to set yourself apart
Advice: None
Pros: Industry standard pay for the field

Cons: More Women supervisors in the shops
Advice: None
Pros: Communication Salary Incentive and Product

Cons: None at this current time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at.

Cons: W o r k politics
Advice: None
Pros: nice 401K benefit
Good number of PTO, sick leaves

Cons: Benefits were not great, could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment was sometimes tough

Cons: The large company means that processing will take longer.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a large company however the managers care about you and your growth

Cons: Bureaucracy is huge. Lots of office politics. Not really good work culture. As an entry-level, you're not given many opportunities to build yourself. Most of the leads and stuff don't actually know how to code. It's not a tech company, it's a manufacturing company so just keep that in mind when you are applying to it.
Advice: None
Pros: Well, the pay is alright as long as you don't end up living in CA. Otherwise, you are going to struggle. The work is really relaxed, most days aren't stressful, but once it gets busy, man does it get busy. Other than that, not much going on right now. Although it wants to build its tech department a lot in the coming years, so if you want an easy company to get into, GM is the way to go.

Cons: Not amazing pay and not a ton of work
Advice: N/A
Pros: Good pay, benefits, not overworking , and job security

Cons: Work life balance does not exist in the battery org. at GM. Deadlines are unrealistic with things being pushed out without properly doing the necessary engineering work. There is a lot of confusion as to goals and requirements in the group as well. I would advise anyone to avoid the battery group at GM like the plague. This group has high turnover and everyone who has joined this group regrets it.
Advice: Have realistic deadlines so engineering can properly do development work.  The new chief engineer in the battery org. is very abusive and aggressive and to lower level employees and needs to go.  The way you are operating this company by taking a short term approach will all but guarantee that Toyota will leave you in the dust.
Pros: Flexibility to work from home and overall nice people.

Cons: Computer malfunction projected goals actual material
Advice: None
Pros: Warehouse Stand Stoop Walk Sit

Cons: Long hours and not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good people to work with

Cons: It's a BIG company, so sometimes navigating its systems is challenging.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.  I am confident that GM will continue to be a leader in innovation and inclusivity.
Pros: Innovative thinking to ensure competitive advantage. 
Diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are impressive. 
GM Employees take pride in being part of GM and they are delighted to welcome new hires into the GM Family.
Great benefits with a focus on wealth generation.

Cons: - upper management takes a long while to make decisions, if they ever do
- sometimes there's catering to the older people that work there, resulting in GM not keeping with the times and losing new talent
Advice: None
Pros: - good pay (at least for entry level)
- great benefits and PTO/holidays
- offers full relocation assistance
- good work life balance (at least depending on the manager)

Cons: no issues working at GM.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, friendly people.

Cons: Favoritism in promotions
Performance reviews biased
Older workers not valued
Advice: Workforce needs to a balance of senior and newer staff.
Pros: Flexible work options
Great benefits 
Customer focus

Cons: Pay could be a bit more although they have tried to remediate that recently.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Great work life balance
Great coworkers
Nothing to complain about, it's the perfect job.

Cons: Pay raises can be minimal
Advice: None
Pros: It's what you make it

Cons: - Still some remnants of bureaucracy and old tools
- Difficult to actually get roles you want when trying to move around bc people already have folks on their team they want to move up
Advice: Some honest work is needed to ensure top talent is allowed to move around, learn new things on the job, to develop leadership from within.

Diversity within the director level drops and I know it’s a focus area, but progress needs to be made soon.
Pros: Amazing benefits (grad school, parental leave, health ins, etc)
Ability to move around within company
Year-end profit sharing
Lot of new business areas

Cons: Disorganized at times with lack of communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for work required.

Cons: don't have any thing specific
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work culture, management and people

Cons: We work 6 days per week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and medical benefits

Cons: Nothing particular wish they can pay better
Advice: None
Pros: Super chill about working from home

Cons: Nothing major actually to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and friendly team

Cons: Upper management seems to be always be chasing the next buzz word in the field without fully comprehending the effort to get there. It's a problem when most upper management are not technical.

Salary is low for the role with no real means of upward mobility unless you want to play a managerial role.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - great health insurance, hsa policy, generous PTO, wfh, great work life balance.

Cons: Very political, good ole boys(really girls) network
Advice: Embrace disagreement
Pros: Standardized work is well
Defined. Easy to do your job

Cons: Things sometimes move slow but you can actually feel that everyone is making their best effort, which is much more important.
Advice: Craft a clear career pathway for UX teams will probably attract more talents.
Pros: GM is a big company so I can only speak for my team. The managers are excellent people who want to help their employees succeed, for real. The projects are complex and engaging. Talents are recognized and rewarded in the right way. I can not appreciate enough the fact that people on my team here are grounded in their expertise and care deeply about their craft. I have so far not had any issues with red tapes which is a huge plus in corporate environment.

Cons: Can't really think of anything bad. It's a very good first job as a software developer.
Advice: None
Pros: Managers are very understanding.
As a college new hire the team environment was great.
Good work life balance. Not overworked.

Cons: Uncertainty of having to go into the office.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, pretty good salary, nice benefits, and some cool people to work with and learn from.

Cons: To many meetings.
You need to go through a lot of hoops to get stuff done.
Advice: None
Pros: Liked working with the people there.
The pay was pretty good

Cons: too much bureaucracy and too many people in upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good technology, wonderful people

Cons: do nothing days
low salary
low impact
will bait you in with interesting work then switch you
Advice: None
Pros: easy work
no one really cares what you do
can coast forever

Cons: Often placed on assignments with brand new technologies and unrealistic performance expectations
Advice: Place workers where there skills are, evaluate more ethically.
Pros: Big Company with great benefits

Cons: There are no cons lol
Advice: None
Pros: Job right off the bat and work with good people

Cons: Management rides u all day long
Advice: Just take a step back and let the workers do what they do
No more micromanaging
Pros: Easy work and laid back

Cons: Temps have no days off, I told my manager in advance that I would be unable to come into work and was given an unsatisfactory on my record at the company. When I was sick unable to come to work the next week I was terminated on the spot.
Advice: Maybe try to give temps a little more wiggle room? employees are doing fine but temps cant even get a day off for personal reasons.
Pros: Great benefits, welcoming environment, overall good place to work

Cons: Culture going wrong direction, micro-managing metrics
Advice: Pay everyone more
Pros: Lots of opportunity, decent pay (until recently)

Cons: Overtime pay and straight time pay are not much different
Advice: None
Pros: As an engineer work and hours are very flexible

Cons: Work life balance can be tough
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, lots of holidays/vacations. Good bonus

Cons: Nothing really major at all
Advice: None
Pros: Very chill job so far

Cons: Hard to move up within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall i am able learn a lot in the EV space and be able to add input effectively on various projects.

Cons: Trying to be cutting edge and efficient (aka cutting resources), most people I know working at GM have too much on their plate and it’s infeasible to do in any semblance of a normal work day. Very little work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting product; many wonderful and intelligent coworkers; the company is so large that you can have many different jobs all within the company!

Cons: Pay is not great for the area
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is accepting, kinda, and Work Life Balance

Cons: Lot of new competing initiatives
Advice: None
Pros: Technically diverse and cutting edge technology

Cons: As a DRE, I found that I did very little design work. Most of my time is spent in meetings, learning the million systems that GM has, and just being bored with the lack of purpose. I'm in a minimum of 5 to 6 hours of meetings a day, with some days being a solid 8 or 9 hours.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are simply amazing at GM and the bonus structure is very generous. Probably the most generous of the Big Three. The position is Hybrid, but I'm largely working fully remote at this point.

Cons: -mostly remote
-give you a housing stipend that isn’t nearly enough to cover housing in the Warren area
Advice: None
Pros: -give you meaningful work that will challenge you and help you learn
-good company culture. Everyone is friendly, approachable, and wants to help
-free swag

Cons: Women are discriminated based on gender. Mary Barra was pointed CEO to cover up the discrimination that continues in GM
Advice: None
Pros: Quick Decision Making and Execution

Cons: Hard to move up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule and understanding

Cons: It is tough to get IT support in GM online
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and friendly environment in group

Cons: terrible company if im being honest
Advice: None
Pros: decent start out pay and good experience

Cons: Mostly IT (non development) positions
Advice: None
Pros: Latest development tech; high talent level; unheard 401k match at 8%

Cons: Pay is below market for this position
Advice: None
Pros: Strong 401k matching (2% paid for every 1% paid by employee up to 4%)
16-19 paid holidays per year
3 weeks vacation year partial year - first full year. 4 weeks vacation
Great medical. Inclusion culture is strong. IT culture is improving.

Cons: lower than market pay
slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: has great work life balance
various lateral learning opportunities

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, game changing, inclusive, team oriented

Cons: There was no cons. All pro
Advice: None
Pros: Cool loved it. Great place

Cons: Management sucks. Especially when you do your job and do not fit in.
Advice: Each individual should be treated with respect. Defiance GM sucks.
Pros: Pay is cool for what you do.

Cons: You are given 3 weeks of vacation but forced to use 1 during summer shutdown even when you don't work at or with the plant. No other OEM (Ford or Stellantis) does this. Essentially you only have 2 weeks of vacation. HR is awful, they don't practice what they preach as far as "GM Behaviors". If you go to HR about behavior not aligned with this you are treated as if you are the problem. Make sure that you find out the work hours before you start. Had a manager try to dictate work hours after I had been on the job several weeks. Had I known about the work hours and the forced vacation before I took the job, this would have been a deal breaker for me. Once I moved to a new position that was a higher band than I was hired in as was told that I could not get the higher level or salary because I was "too new to the company". 401k match is not vested until 3 years - no proration. Benefits are not that great. Your only options are high deductible plans. There are many issues with this company that I have seen so far. GM culture is not for me...I would never advise anyone to work here.
Advice: Stop forcing vacations during summer shutdown,  Either let people use their vacation as they choose or give more vacation or paid holiday time.  Listen to new hires and their experiences with the group they have been hired into.  If there is a particular schedule that needs to be worked it needs to be listed on the posting ALWAYS. 401k match should be vested 100% immediately like some others have done.  If a candidate successfully is offered a position at a higher level, they should not be denied the higher band or pay that was listed on the posting simply because of tenure.  That is discrimination - again going against GM behaviors.  You want to be employer of choice but those things alone are deal breakers for me.
Pros: Career opportunities. There seems to be many opportunities to move around and learn new things.

Cons: Temp period is can be a little annoying as you can be shuffled from job to job at will. As a temp you get no sick days and very little vacation. Everything gets better once you get hired in as a GM employee (approx. 2 years as a temp)
Advice: This is for the upper management…hire the temps
Pros: Lots of voluntary overtime, some mandatory. Good place if you like to work.

Cons: HR is still catching up with what's important to EEs.
Advice: None
Pros: Intense and diverse experiences - no shortage of rewarding problems to solve

Cons: Mid to upper level dev talent is lacking. Low expectations can be a con if you’re the type to coast. Incentives to stay sort of runs out past vesting period.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s an excellent place to start your career. Plenty of learning opportunities and expectations for new hires are laughably low for the pay. It’s a large company so your experience will vary wildly depending on team.

Cons: Poor process
Lots of maintenance 
Pay is below average
Advice: None
Pros: Good Bonus
Friendly team
Mostly Greenfield

Cons: Job Security subject to market fluctuations
Advice: Transparency
Pros: Job Flexbility, Automotive benefits - discounts on vehicles, and parts.

Cons: Little to no guidance
Behind in technology compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Easy/Low Expectations
Lots of new grads
Can have good manager

Cons: Takes a long time to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Changing the culture to be more modern

Cons: Training takes a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Great team

Cons: *It's a hard company to move up in. 
*Depending on department you work in, managers/team members may not be the most helpful
*Often times, the hardwork you do goes unnoticed, overlooked, or someone else claims it and doesn't give you credit.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Benefits, 401K Matching, PTO, Paid Holidays, 12 weeks fully paid maternity/paternity leave

Cons: Tons of management, overloaded engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, good team atmosphere, challenging and fast-paced environment

Cons: Time consuming, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, compensation, benefits, people

Cons: Cost Structure, Silos, Team Culture
Advice: Focus on developing elite action teams and empower them.
Pros: Compensation, Work Life Balance, People

Cons: Only downside is location (which is subjective). Southeast Michigan isn't the worst, but there are certainly better places to live. If GM was located somewhere with better year-round weather, I'd probably work here for my whole career.
Advice: My experience with management has only been pleasant. Every manager I've had at GM has been great, and only helped in moving my career forward.
Pros: GM is a great employer. Its a very welcoming culture, and a vast wealth of knowledge which enables career growth. The pay is competitive, and they offer bonuses/raises every year based on personal and company performance.

Cons: I didn’t have any negative experience at all
Advice: Listen to your customers and more importantly listen to your team
Pros: Manufacturers Support and very progressive company to work for

Cons: With every large company there is some red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of vacation time. Hours are 9 to 5. Pay is good. Advancement is possible based on solid results

Cons: Limited promotion opportunities. Need to work by yourself for the most of the time.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly. A lot of freedom to choose what you want to work on. A lot of resources available for you to use. You can work on your own pace.

Cons: Pay is way too low… also gm prioritize new hires over folks who has been here longer
Advice: Treat people who stuck with you for years better. Otherwise, don’t be surprised if people start looking elsewhere
Pros: Great people, managers and benefits

Cons: None I can say at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for.

Cons: Sucks the office doesn’t have free coffee
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a great company and I love working here

Cons: They use the brand to pay less than expected
Advice: None
Pros: Good Mission and great people to work for

Cons: Disparity in various roles are staggering.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, autonomy, opportunities for growth.

Cons: General Motors work schedule is not consistent for part time workers
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors offer great pay

Cons: Can get really hectic and crazy depending on the team you are in.
Not a very accountable culture. Many people (especially those in positions of authority) get away with a lot of things.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of PTO, holidays, sick time, etc.
8% 401k matching
Good WLB if you get lucky with the team
Emphasis on safety

Cons: Have to go into the office
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good coworkers. Work life balance

Cons: Sometimes it’s easy to get lost in a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible Environment, great people, and lots of opportunities to learn

Cons: Wages have been stagnant for 20 years. The wear and tear on your body isn’t worth $30 in todays money
Advice: Manufacturing doesn’t have to be lame. Find ways to make it cool. Include some team building. Rent out an amusement park or golf course make it fun
Pros: Insurance and profit share is nice

Cons: Drama. Micro Management. Forced overtime
Advice: Treat your workers like they are the backbone of the company that they are!
Pros: Close drive. Good bonuses. Lots of overtime available

Cons: Work can be stressful
Someone from the company has the answers but you have to find it
Advice: A little bit of better direction from management
Pros: People are helpful
Rotating between different roles to figure out where you fit in

Cons: There is no work life balance. Currently the schedule is 11 hours, 5 days a week.  Jobs are hard on your body, and the work is over loaded. Prepare to be laid off a lot. If you are hired after 2008 you will receive NO pension, or healthcare after you retire.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and profit share paid yearly.

Cons: GM requires about 60 hours a week
Advice: None
Pros: GM provides alot of training

Cons: Hard to get promoted even when you deserve it.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Love the people I work with.

Cons: lots of paperwork, incompetent team members/engineers, repetitive/frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Problem Solving, fast paced manufacturing environment, ability to work your way up, good pay.

Cons: Not the best pay even if you have years of experience in that specific field
The way you will feel inside the company (engineers cannot make design changes with engineering data as backup, it has to be what your manager says, not room for improvements unless someone has complained) make you question your career choice
Lots of politics, those team building events will show you everything you need to know
Advice: Let people do their job and be more proactive with engineers for personal matters, no one what to spend +8 hours a day feeling like a fish in the ocean
Pros: Great benefits for your and your family. Working from home culture. Flexible for personal matters. Great resources as a new hire (training material, hardware/software, equipment)

Cons: I have nothing negative to say at all about working for General Motors
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Shift Times, Bonus, Culture, Work-Life Balance

Cons: Lots of growth opportunities but hard to move up from “levels”
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, encourages you to not be scared to speak up.

Cons: difficult to move around unless you make significant effort in developing your skills. It does not seem like they hire and promote internally but rather go a lot for external prospects rather than spend time training internal employees
Advice: some managers can be difficult on employees but that has changed drastically with more support which should be kept up and increased where possible
Pros: management now has started to listen to staff more. They help you improve your working ability with one on one meetings and understand your needs and priorities.

Cons: there is no cons if you're under right team
Advice: na
Pros: option to explore new technology

Cons: Writing this review is legitimately triggering a bout of frustration and anger. I hated working here. My 2 years at the company showed me such glaring ineptitude, apathy, and toxicity, that I used my final bonus from the company to short it’s own stock. Absolutely would not recommend considering this employer.
Advice: Clean house, re-hire better people and don’t try to make them move to Detroit. You pay well enough to have legitimately impressive talent.
Pros: GM pays well, especially when you consider the bonuses, and the expectations are laughably low (may be a positive for some people)

Cons: People aren't very welcoming
Your performance is based on other managers perception of you
When you reach out for help, they tell you to help yourself
Advice: Develop better practices and hire better managers
Pros: New College Hire program
Ping pong table

Cons: Can’t make them fast enough to sell
Advice: No advice for management
Pros: Great vehicles and updates for the new models

Cons: Compensation could be more competitive
Team growth needs to improve but the learning curve is quite steep, takes 6+ months to get up to speed.
Advice: Try to ensure you keep talented engineers from leaving due to extremely competitive pay offers.
Pros: Amazing leadership, open and direct style. Fun and interactive teams. Silo effects are going away and one team mentality is shining through. Good career discussions and paths to succeed.

Cons: Dirty, dangerous, physically taxing, poor management
Advice: Treat employees like human beings
Pros: You get a pay check Union

Cons: Lack of contribution between team
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company to work for

Cons: Sometimes you have too little work and sometimes you’re working 60 hour weeks
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance
Hybrid
You will learn a ton

Cons: Can feel like an outsider on certain engineering teams if you are not interested in cars. If you want to still work in the traditional ICE area, not a lot of opportunities. Specific to development program, 6-month rotations can feel too short at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Development program gives new graduates out of school a wide variety of experiences and the ability to see different areas of the company. Company and management encourage learning opportunities. Competitive base salary and benefits package a well.

Cons: There are too many to mention on this corrupt satanic toxic abusive harassment treating you like your a 4th grader.
Advice: You belong at Walmart in the housekeeping department managing woman’s tampons!!!
Pros: The pros are non existent so why ask!?

Cons: Very large company where you are, generally, very far removed from the finished product
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, stable company thatsinvesting in the EV market

Cons: Salary can be better and more competetive
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed and comfortable work place

Cons: No Room For Advancement unless Relocation
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Great Benefits, Work Duties

Cons: A bit more bureaucratic than expected
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of learning opportunities within the company

Cons: Moving up is more by years of experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary
Great place to start your career 
Discount on products

Cons: Usually had to work seconds or thirds. The pay was decent about $17-18.
Advice: Collin Host was a fantastic manager.
Pros: Organized, repeatable day in and day out. Young workforce "felt like college." Little pressure from management. Everyone got a long and joked, laughed all day.

Cons: unmotivated lazy workers spoil it
Advice: None
Pros: brilliant driven people work here

Cons: Very clean quite people are very nice
Advice: None
Pros: Air conditioning very clean environment

Cons: Sometimes the re-org can be time-wasting and frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, good benefits, and good career development paths

Cons: Hostile work environment, insane work hours. 6-7 days a week of working for years, they did not take harrassment at work seriously , when reported. It may be different now.
Advice: Listen to worker complaints. There were alot of us who were pushed to the side when it came to harrassment, that would happen in several different areas of the plant. Mainly coming from Group leaders.
Pros: Great benefits, PTO and sick leave, and profit sharing was amazing.

Cons: Promotions are not there One has to be connected to be promoted
Advice: NA
Pros: Work-life balance, decent benefits. Culture is awesome

Cons: none thanks this was great
Advice: None
Pros: great company it was awesome I love it

Cons: Subject to cyclical nature of the auto industry.
Advice: Be genuine. Empower team members.
Pros: Work-life balance, leading the auto industry in AV and EV technology, good bonus structure, broad technological needs, flexible work arrangements.

Cons: Non flexible company, and some time employees was excluded
Advice: Try to take advantage related global companies and your locations and employees.
Pros: Environment for continuing improvement and good practices for health worker

Cons: Lack of Leadership, secrecy among middle managers, bad management, below par marketing strategies in promoting their cutting-edge features in their vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, compensation, benefits, work culture

Cons: The Management, at all Levels, have very little accountability and pass the buck in regards to responsibility.
Advice: Live by the corporate model and embrace the real meaning of Teamwork.
Pros: When you leave the building. The job stays at the building.

Cons: Not as cool as Tesla
Advice: Keep listening to employees and don't revert to the "Old GM".
Pros: Pay, Bonus, Benefits are all top notch. Career path can take you anywhere you want. Very accommodating for remote work. Management under Mary Barra has done an excellent job of listening to employees and making changes for the better. Great company to work for.

Cons: Management style is very old school manufacturing. You might have to work Night Shift
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and salary. Lots of movement in roles

Cons: Sometimes I felt like I wasn't contributing to anything that mattered
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good job

Cons: lower salary compared to most tech companies if you're in software
Advice: None
Pros: Hard to move up in the company. Lots of old processes

Cons: They don't always practice what they preach.
Advice: Stay for a few years, learn as much as you can and take that knowledge to a more fair and equitable organization. If you are not related to someone important on a high level,  you're  probably going not be promoted to a high level.
Pros: Great place to learn the correct way to do things.

Cons: Challenging political times and change, difficult for knowledge management
Advice: None
Pros: Good size firm with full enterprise framework

Cons: working on silo. very few opportunity to grow.
Advice: give more responsibility to your team.
Pros: good policy, good benefit and salary.

Cons: not enough people to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: culture is really really good

Cons: Hard to move up, because its old company lot of people are here,
Advice: None
Pros: Not much work pressure, good work life balance

Cons: Leaders lack knowledge of industry
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, work from home

Cons: Given the aggressive push towards EV, it's surprising to see that lot of Chief Engineers and Directors don't seem to have domain expertise and it's impacting decisions
The other problem is everyone is stretched so thin in terms of resources, its starting to impact decisions
Advice: Hire the right people for the job, someone with expertise in the EV space if you want to be successful. 
Hire enough people to do the job so that people have time to perform due-diligence.
Pros: Current CEO, Mary Barra, is making gutsy decisions which I really admire. The switch to EV is encouraging.

Cons: Very slow paste, no progression, boring jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, no overtime, low workload

Cons: Not much to hate. Good Company
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits with Good Pay

Cons: Sometime the work is boring
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn a lot knowledge

Cons: - Not always easy to find/locate needed business resources

-Hard to connect with team, especially now that a lot of work is virtual

-Middling pay/benefits for a data scientist role relative to the industry
Advice: -Resource availability and locations need to be better organized and communicated to teams (e.g. central repository, index).
Pros: - With its push to EV, there're a lot of new, interesting projects that employees can take on to advance their careers. Plus, management, at least from my experience, is open to new 
endeavors.

- Teams are generally agreeable and collaborative.

-The available computing resources/tools are comprehensive

Cons: I love my company - None
Advice: None
Pros: Aggressively looks to the future.

Cons: Work can get boring and can drag on.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and upward progression

Cons: Corporate world, glut of middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, remote work

Cons: Culture, Ability to make change, Ability to train and grow
Advice: Hire a 3rd party consulting firm to change the culture and advance productivity
Pros: Good pay, Automotive, Location, Many Vehicle Lines

Cons: Slow start as a new hire
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, work life balance

Cons: Slow moving and uses old technology 
Too many off hand calculations for a large organization
Takes advantage of finance staff and overworked
Advice: Practice what you preach and really focus on works/life balance. It is shouted from the upper management but never makes it down to the employee.
Pros: Good compensation and benefits
Exposure to upper management

Cons: Raises don't keep up with inflation. Still kind of thwarted DEI growth, although, from my perspective best in industry. (at least they try, somewhat) Need to work more on accountability.
Advice: Hold mid level management and staff more accountable.
Pros: Flexibility. Growth, Advancement opportunities. Fair starting wages

Cons: Rapidly changing and potential unknown job changes.
Advice: Recognize more employees for a job well done.
Pros: Growth and advancement. Great compensation for hard work.

Cons: 1) The apps are all old and falling apart, their are orgs within IT, dedicated to working on these old apps, and the bureaucracy shows. .
2) Pay for New College Hires is bottom tier in the industry for software.
3) I had a idea of mine taken and someone else claimed ownership for......
4) Most of Management is technically incompetent.
Advice: 1. Increase base pay for New College Hires
2. Let new college hires on newer projects
3. Encourage your new college hires to think of ways to optimize and enhance older apps.
Pros: Work Life Balance is very very good.
Hybrid work Schedule, which is nice.

Cons: Kill your body get o lot injury
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit good health benefits , union

Cons: Big company but great atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: Paying less than market value
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work at.

Cons: 6 days and overtime unpredictable
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a job

40 hrs mostly

Cons: Lower Pay than top companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance; non stressful

Cons: Poor work life balance especially when working in the plant
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits
Profit Sharing
Competitive wages

Cons: not very many vacation days
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance, and everyone is super nice

Cons: carree development
team work
good enviroment
paternal leave
Advice: None
Pros: lots of work
overtime
early hours
lots of bosses

Cons: They keep increasing line speed despite protests from the workers on the line who can’t keep up.
Advice: Listen to your workers.
Pros: Seniority workers get good benefits and health insurance is one of the best available in the country.

Cons: A few opportunities for seasoned engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for younger engineers

Cons: Pay. They pay so low below average austin starting software devs.

Hired too many people. Not enough work to go around and when there is work it is not interesting, software engineer career building work.
Advice: Don't expect new hires to sit around for a year and half before you have meaningful work for them.
Pros: Very low stress. There seem to be very low expectations. Lots of new hires to interact with.

Cons: A member of HR preys upon vulnerable, married woman.
Advice: Look into HR personnel in the month of April
Pros: Good company, good benefits, stable

Cons: Lots of hours. Lots of days.
Advice: Great place to earn a living. Wish they would employ people quicker to fill holes.
Pros: Professional and respectful friendly environment. Awesome engineering.

Cons: Traveling too much and lack of resources
Advice: None
Pros: Car for free. Travel a lot.

Cons: Could move to a 32 hour work week
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive pay
Diversity and inclusion is a priority
Team mentality 
12 weeks parental leave

Cons: Detached management in IT, leading projects they do not understand.
Advice: Need more technical understanding in leadership.
Pros: Good Benefits and lots of holidays throughout the year.

Cons: Best place so far to work
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation, leadership , benefits, work

Cons: none at this moment, that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: love it here and want to stay for the long haul

Cons: Stress level is extremely high.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is high for the area

Cons: Bureaucracy that can sometimes deter work efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: A global company with diverse opportunities

Cons: Large bureaucracy, large workload, high pressure environment to reduce cost and timing.
Advice: Define consistent requirements and enforce them with data and examples.  Understand that when you decrease design time, quality and cost will suffer.
Pros: Great medical and 401k benefits. Helpful culture. Good mentorship, opportunities to speak to mid/upper management.

Cons: Requires a lot of work. The on-site campus could be improved.
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: The benefits are solid. The company has a lot of diversity and culture. The staff are very knowledgeable and always willing to help.

Cons: not enough pay for industry

so slow and feels like not getting my career path
Advice: Distribute work more efficiently... you are wasting so much human resource.
Pros: work life balance

good enough pay for area

remote work

Cons: Culture is starting deteriorate, Salaries are well below industry averages.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty Good Benefits. Nice People.

Cons: No work/life balance
In plant employees not treated as well as techcenter
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Insurance
Bonus
Coworkers
Not much else

Cons: Some management members should retire
Advice: need to offer better benefits package
Pros: work from home option available

Cons: Non that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Culture 
Benefits 
Pay
Growth 
Innovation

Cons: salary is not very attractive
Advice: None
Pros: good work time/spare balance at GM

Cons: The typical large company cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, flexible work hours.

Cons: This company has Low work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: This company had Good Work Culture

Cons: More perks to provided to employees like other technology companies
Advice: provide more perks to attract and retain employees
Pros: Great work and life balance

Cons: bulky system with a few built in bottle necks and not a ton of clearly defined practices if you run into any issues with the normal process flow.
Advice: Invest in the team and reorg to level the team up.
Pros: Great work life balance, competitive pay, excellent benefits, investments in tech to streamline the process. Much more like a PM than a traditional recruiter role.

Cons: Revolving door training other staff, without any help for support. But managed to get them certified on equipment and task that was needed for operations
Advice: None
Pros: Learned how to dispose of chemicals and waste produced on plant site. Trained for CPR and any situation that may occur on productive site. Learned how to operate special equipment such as fork lifts, bobcats, tuggers, Ariel lifts, walk behind for general cleaning such as floor scrubbers

Cons: The pay was low for awhile, but they recently adjusted it
Advice: None
Pros: I have learned a lot

Cons: Job was redundant which lead to it quickly becoming boring and had variables you were graded on outside of your direct control. A lot of meetings that could be handled with emails.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job. Large peer group. Great access to higher ups. Focused on positive culture. Pay

Cons: Salary is terrible (I make about 50% less than people with the same experience at other companies)
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is amazing
Benefits are great
Work environment is great

Cons: A lot of meetings. Many process related roadblocks. Small fish big pond. Forced vacation week of 4th of July.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. A lot of training and education resources. Flexible remote work. Inclusive and progressive culture. Challenging work. Excellent company vision. Transparent and approachable leadership.

Cons: All positive and no negative comments
Advice: None
Pros: Good company
Good work life balance
No work pressure

Cons: After a while, the work seems repeatitive as new tasks seem less and less challenging. Pay is average at best for this role.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a huge amount of new hires just like me who are new to the industry. I got to network and connected with many folks just like me while growing as a developer under an amazing team.

Cons: Can sometimes be slow and rooted in practices that have developed over its history.
Advice: None
Pros: Many different opportunities to do different things throughout the entire business. Engineering, manufacturing, design, finance. Working rapidly towards converting a high percentage of its business to EVs.

Cons: Hard to move up. Beuaracracy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and salary. Holidays and vacation

Cons: TC is fairly low considering market rates at other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Team I am on is friendly and helpful

Cons: Work environment, wages, culture, equipment, retirement
Advice: Some upgrades all around would be welcome.  Especially fork truck batteries
Pros: Benefits all all I can think of

Cons: The bosses don’t care they talk about everyone behind everyone’s back.. they move around the managers a lot so not sure who will be in charge.. the full timers can do what ever they want the part timers or always on thin ice.
Advice: Should really look at your employees more u would see a lot if u actually stopped and paid attention
Pros: The people are nice in some areas

Cons: Never anything bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Low pay, favoritism, add to many jobs to one job. Union doesn’t fight for you it’s a big scam
Advice: None
Pros: field day, that’s pretty much it

Cons: Management sucks and you barely see your family
Advice: None
Pros: Making lots of money with overtime

Cons: - No cons in my opinion especially if you're just starting out
Advice: None
Pros: - Amazing Stipend
- Great Mentorship

Cons: agile isn't exactly as it appears in the books here.
Advice: None
Pros: Work at your own pace and learn a lot

Cons: takes a lot of time barely any days been a temp for over a year
Advice: None
Pros: if you have no life or no skill i recommend this because they give lots of overtime for easy work

Cons: The trade off is that the company pays below market value

Exceeding expectations is rarely rewarded
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits,
good work life balance

Cons: -None, None, None, None, None
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexibility, decent pay, multiple internal opportunities

Cons: Politics everywhere. Trust no one. Never try to do more. Toxic.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work. High code standards.

Cons: They have very hard labored jobs and it will take a toll on your body
Advice: None
Pros: They start paying at $16/hour and limit you to 32 hours a week which leaves you some free time

Cons: Management is more worried about there WPO audits and taping squares on the floor then they are with the actual job at hand.
Advice: Actually do your job instead of just looking for the next check mark on your resume
Pros: Its a job with a steady pay check

Cons: I cant think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: its a great, love the remote work

Cons: low salary for Staff members
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for entry level

Cons: Under resourced
work-life imbalance
Not Agile for fast changing markets
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is competitive
Legacy based with Evolving culture of innovation

Cons: Hard to get into managerial positions
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company to work for

Cons: Repetitive work that is seniority based
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance with union environment

Cons: Tough work environment
Upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, bonuses, and benefits

Cons: Large organization can be tough to move within
Too many levers and approvals to make any change
Advice: None
Pros: Remote Work
Competitive salary
Great benefits
Fair bonus structure
People are nice
Decent work life balance

Cons: Executive leadership politics, old white men in senior leadership positions promoting their own kind and cliques, way too much focus on process than real innovation
Advice: Stop doing DEI lip service
Pros: Excellent benefits, respectful coworkers, decent salaries

Cons: Slow to change and develop new tech.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with some of the best automotive engineers in the world

Cons: Slow career development for some, lack of diversity in high-level positions, slow to change.
Advice: Diversify the leadership, not only in demographics, but in approach to the business. Develop your talent!
Pros: Great products, great pay, and fairly stable industry.

Cons: leadership doesnt listen to lower employees
Advice: None
Pros: great company and work environment. Great health benefits

Cons: Not many cons unless you want to excel and move upward then sometimes management is difficult to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: If GM is your first job then it's a good fit for you. They offer holiday pay, time off, bonus pay and remote work.

Cons: Union hated you, teated like a second hand salary employee
Advice: Have a career plan for this job
Pros: Good benefits, good experience, nice people

Cons: Went in the crapper after I left.....
Advice: None
Pros: Went well for the time I was there.....

Cons: Engineering positions are far from Detroit
Advice: None
Pros: Nice compensation for job out of university

Cons: Injuries, carpal tunnel, you probably will be on a over loaded job.
Advice: None
Pros: Union shop, profit sharing, insurance benefits are the best

Cons: The pay is about as low as you will find
Advice: Higher pay and better lease purchase options
Pros: Best Insurance you will find

Cons: Working every Saturday just bc they give great benefits
Advice: Stop working every Saturday and do every other Saturday
Pros: Benefits and the pay after you put in your time goes up to 33

Cons: Most managers do not come from SW background .
Can be very slow with heavy (old-school) processes
Advice: None
Pros: Usually good life work balance

Cons: Not a great place to learn the latest tech
Advice: None
Pros: Decent place to get experience right out of college

Cons: Constantly worried about lay off
Advice: I have nothing to say
Pros: You could earn a lot of money

Cons: Does not always value experience when they need to
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, excellent salary, excellent 401k

Cons: push back from hiring managers on use of new tech makes hiring challenging in some areas
Advice: Continue to promote from within!
Pros: Great culture, access to top recruiting tech, work life balance, fair pay/bonus structure, supportive leadership, balanced workload

Cons: This company has an archaic way of doing things.
Management is terrible.
Advice: Management needs to understand that people are not just a number on a computer screen.
Pros: Company pays well and has great benefits

Cons: Automotive is generally volatile. When it's good it's great when it's bad expect layoffs in some form or another.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and benefits were great especially right out of college.

Cons: Process and team structure are not as stable as expected.
Advice: None
Pros: Abundant innovation opportunities and colleagues are friendly and supportive. The company encourage inclusive culture.

Cons: -Had to support weekends throughout the year
-Line between controls engineer and technician gets blurred a lot
Advice: None
Pros: -Management is has realistic expectations and invests in employees
-Lot of weekend OT

Cons: At times stressful work environment caused heavy workload
Advice: Mandatory leadership training for all managers.
Pros: Multiple career opportunities and benefits

Cons: Work two saturdays on 1 off
Advice: None
Pros: Great place great team friendly environment

Cons: Lots of hours, 12 hour days 7 days a week
Advice: Lower the mandatory hours,  even 10 a day 7 days a week would work
Pros: Great environment, the employees are great to work with

Cons: not a lot of room to move up
Advice: None
Pros: great time and great WLB

Cons: It ok if you like it
Advice: None
Pros: Hours you don’t could work it 6 days a week mandatory

Cons: Not easy to move to next role
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Internal Job opportunities, Remote working, Good work life balance

Cons: Small pay increases
Difficult to move up
Advice: Not much, they are doing great
Pros: Schedule flexibility
Slow pace
Lenient dress code

Cons: heavy workload and less work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: open company and allows internal job rotation.

Cons: A lot of hours, would sometimes work 60 hrs/wk
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Potential to maximize earnings

Cons: Hard labor and high rotation of management. Female managers seem to be less respected by their male counterparts.
Advice: Create a sense of stability and boost moral.
Pros: Good pay very good benefits

Cons: Configuration management and number of product lines
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, collaborative environment, and benefits

Cons: airpot commute, managment,food caftatefira, bob,
Advice: rip it down, start over, five times, then do it again,
Pros: parking lot, orientation, pay, union, 3 weeks, probatuon,

Cons: Work is boring and outdated.
Advice: None
Pros: amazing benefits, work life balance, great culture, good pay

Cons: Nothing really as of right now
Advice: None
Pros: I just started here and I really like it! Every other company seems to treat contract house like poop and I like it here

Cons: hours and lack of respect from superiors
Advice: treat your bottom tier employees better
Pros: There is a lot of room for growth, good benefits, raises, profit sharing,’

Cons: Low pay  and difficult to get promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, flexible location for work (before COVID), great team, lots of work but fun, high exposure to management, no micromanagement

Cons: -Work over load
-Fluctuating work schedule
-High level of stress
Advice: None
Pros: -High Salary
-Professional team members

Cons: Constant confusion with management, absolutely no accountability on anybody’s part. It’s extremely frustrating to want to grow in a company, but there is absolutely nothing to open a door for that to happen.
Advice: Delegating responsibility will always help to ensure the task at hand will be accomplished. Holding people accountable instead of being the friendly manager, which hurts the process at hand and creates a manipulative  environment where no one gets in trouble and nothing changes.
Pros: The pros would be the profit sharing, which GM matches a great percentage every year so that is helpful in many ways.

Cons: Company is trying to change but still feels like old school culture, lot of politics, organizational misalignment and long ways to go to become true tech company.
Advice: Change culture and adapt flexibility, don't just talk about work life balance when you can not provide one to employees.
Pros: Lot of exciting projects to work on and engaged in if you are in the right organization.

Cons: columnized organizations each with its own VP making it harder to get a decision approved unless you go up the chain. Decisions need to be decentralized.
Advice: empower employees to make decisions and invest in their personal and career growths.
Pros: Lots of opportunity to grow and move around teams IF your manager lets you go.

Cons: Work life balance could be improved in some areas. A very lean Company now
Advice: None
Pros: A changed Company from old GM

Cons: Dirty, Fast-paced, Loud, Tough, Exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Friendly, Managed-well, Quick, Opportunity

Cons: Long standing on feet and shift changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and profit shares

Cons: Pay is not the highest, but is definitely getting better.
Advice: None
Pros: Depending on your team great work life balance.

Cons: Promotional opportunities are slow for individuals who have been with the company for awhile.
Advice: None
Pros: Since COViD the ability to work from home or work appropriately.

Cons: lack of direction and scope
Advice: None
Pros: open to ideas and good team

Cons: Bullcrap software stack.
Ignorant management.
Slow grinding death.
Advice: None
Pros: Work on bullcrap software stack

Cons: Lots of restructuring over the last few years
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and grow, excellent benefits

Cons: Large corporate structure makes it hard to navigate and be efficient
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to learn different areas of specialties

Cons: -Work/life balance is non-existent
-Poor communication from leadership
Advice: Clear communication, Reduce forced overtime,
Pros: -Decent pay
-Superb health insurance
-Plenty of other benefits like tuition assistance, dental, vision, etc.

Cons: Aggressive timelines, long time to make transparent decisions at times
Advice: None
Pros: GM is more progressive and pushing for EV products of the future.

Cons: No work/life balance. 14+ hour days. 
Horrible managers. They take credit for your ideas and work. The people who brown nose and put on the pony show get promoted. 
Get ready to do literally everything. They have a responsibility model they do not follow.
Advice: Follow the values you preach. Promote from results. Listen to your teams and question your direct reports when things don’t add up.
Pros: Competitive Pay and Benefits Package

Cons: No room for growth or expansion. Senior manager explained the only way to transition into a different level 5 position is by “swapping” with someone from that team. They also mentioned not to bother applying for a level 6 position, as they will require three years of experience, which you will never be able to get since you are forced to stay in a QA position. “Rarely do people switch from QA to other positions or vice versa.” Was basically told to keep my head down and wait until I am out of this program in three years… QA is a pigeonhole for someone who wants to be more technical. The 5-10% pay raise is just a fantasy for people in the program, since GM starts you off at a lower pay scale. You are better off going with a different organization unless there are no other offers. They label it as a great thing, but it really is stifling you in the long run.
Advice: Remove the bureaucracy for NCH’s from being able to advance their career, especially if they can bring more to the table than what you people silo them into. Also, pay is far too low compared to market rate. Stop pretending the 5-10% raises are a godsend, when you purposely start people off with a low salary. Additionally, there is way too much blubber in the organization. Too many butts in seats with nothing to do. Too many people not enough work. There could easily be money saved by removing this excess fat.
Pros: 15 days PTO,
1500 HSA contribution, 
unlimited sick days, 
relocation bonus (up to 10k), 
far too good work life balance - maybe work an hour or two and do Netflix / gaming the rest of the time.
8k reimbursement for tuition at university for masters, PhD or bachelors. Exemption for certificates.
Dental / Health (varies by location - Aetna, BCBS).

Cons: You are limited to work on small pieces
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and life balance

Cons: No cons at this fine company
Advice: None
Pros: GM work culture is one of the best.

Cons: Daily tasks good work nice
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work nice offices

Cons: Management wants you to work 20 hours+ unpaid.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good benefits. Work is challenging.

Cons: No advancement opportunities exist currently
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay
Life insurance
Health insurance
Optical Insurance
Dental Insurance

Cons: advancement stops at technician level
Advice: None
Pros: career development, benefits, pay, retirement

Cons: Sometimes it's very difficult to complete testing of small aspects of large systems due to behemoth legacy code
Advice: Keep up the great work! I feel like I couldn't have picked a better first job!
Pros: Autonomy
Access to huge library of diverse learnings
Work appropriately policy

Cons: free time, pay compared to others
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture, Good pay, good benefit

Cons: Because we are WFH, we are expected to work more than 40 hours a week. More like 45+ due to “expectations since you’re not spending time commuting”
Advice: None
Pros: The work is interesting and feels meaningful. The company focuses on Diversity, equity, and inclusivity.

Cons: Dated tech stack and slow implementation
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome entry exposure to various tech resources:
SQL
Java
Shell Scripting

Cons: hard work, little fixability do to contract
Advice: Ok, but lots of managers that have never worked a hard day in there life.
Pros: Pay , benefits , job security

Cons: Promotion are based on who u know not what you know
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of people to share work

Cons: Things can move pretty slow
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: there is nothing bad about general motors for me
Advice: None
Pros: very good company yes sir

Cons: Conflicting priorities between dependent organizations
Slow to adopt better or newer delivery processes
Many meetings to talk status instead of decisions
Advice: Connect fewer goals across organizations and allow metrics that roll up into those goals.
Decide more direction for conflicts rather than abdicate or request more data.
Pros: Great work life balance
Opportunities to create and innovate
Many options to focus on business or technology
Decent salary and good benefits

Cons: Driving to Warren, Mi from my home in Taylor, Mi became a very long drive.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay with raising every year plus bonus.

Cons: Manufacturing culture and management could improve.
Advice: None
Pros: The yearly Bonus is good.

Cons: Culture, multiple review layers, tedious and unnecessary requests
Advice: None
Pros: Advisors/mentors, big company - lots of opportunity to rotate

Cons: Slow to promote people to management.
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about their employees and their careers.

Cons: A bloated company filled with middle managers that block the company's progress. Directives come from leadership but then lower managers don't agree with the direction and stall progress.
Advice: Take your own goals about zero congestion, zero carbon, and zero crashes seriously.
Pros: A giant company that will allow you to move to different functions.

Cons: Everything, management needs help with personal accountability.
Advice: None
Pros: They are unionized and have  security.

Cons: -Hiring process hiccups
-sometimes slow responses from other employees
Advice: None
Pros: - Plenty of opportunities to learn
-Challenging assignments
-Independent work, but guidance is given when needed

Cons: Off shift, typical manufacturing grind.
Advice: Increase base pay for new production workers to create a better work environment. It puts a strain on the whole team when you aren't paying near enough to keep people. Many teams in my area are down on manpower every day because the entry level gig isn't good enough.
Pros: Great benefits, vacation, bonus and decent base pay.

Cons: Hard to get promoted at GM.
Advice: Provide real options to get promoted.
Pros: Good Work Life Balance is important.

Cons: Career favoritism to friends and the inner circle can hurt moral and hide true talent.
Advice: Stop cherry picking people for promotions and higher positions because they have a personal relationship with you.
Pros: Great benefits and ability to move around the org. 
Diversity of technology used and types of projects

Cons: Pay raises are on a slow fixed schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Team culture that fosters individual responsibility

Cons: Too much bureaucracy for me
Very large company and easy to get overlooked if you do make a deliberate effort
Advice: Continue doing your 1-on-1 meeting at least bi-weekly. I thought those were very helpful and meaningful.
Pros: Great work-life balance
opportunity to do interesting work if you seek it out and be patient
Many different ways to find and join with the company groups with similar interest

Cons: Has too much downtime sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: They really try to help you build your career

Cons: No free coffee was a bummer.
Advice: Better room for growth - I felt stuck in my current role with no ability to advance in my career.
Pros: Amazing 401K benefits and great co-workers.

Cons: Teams are compose of mainly new college hires.
Work life balance can be good or very bad base on the team you are on.
Lots of politics.
Software development best practices needs work.
Advice: Invest more in keeping engineers up to date with best practices
Pros: Good benefits and vacation policy.
Fun people to work with.

Cons: Sometimes workload can be highly intense depending on executive staffs and locations.
Advice: None
Pros: There are enough staffs to mentor junior developer

Cons: Some processes move to quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, exciting products and work

Cons: Workload seems to fluctuate significantly
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, flexible work schedule

Cons: Senior HR leaders, Executive Directors, Directors, Managers and other "connected HR professionals" use their "fraternity and sorority" to actively hold back and suppress the careers of proven good performers (when impacted employees seek feedback, they are never told legitimate reasons, but instead "whisper about unsubstantiated reasons to continue with "conscious bias". Especially diverse HR leaders and professional. Between 2020 - 2021, the HR organization lost 8 manager level and above African American leaders, 5 additional African American manufacturing management leaders, and 3 leaders of color. This is a mass exodus. They seem to count on the name GM to replenish the pool with new people at lower levels and use them until they are frustrated. The manufacturing HR leadership are an extremely close pack that work together in a "mafia like" way to promote their "cronies" and send others to dead in assignments to die. Many post about diversity equity and inclusion on LinkedIn and are on external diversity boards but have worked to actively hold back people that do not look like them.
Advice: Look at attrition by leader, overhaul the HR senior leadership.  Look at recruitment efforts where the same African American candidates are continuously called back for "so called" HR opportunities, but never hired.  This seems to be to fulfill an EEOC requirement to interview candidates.  My business friend have been interviewed 6 times in a one and a half year period but never hired.  A few well known business executives have publicly challenged GM's lack of good faith efforts as it relates to PR, marketing and sales.  There are issues at every company but this is a deeply seated, historical problem at GM.
Pros: Global Company, good product and hard working professionals

Cons: Might require you to be
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible place to work at

Cons: After entry level, there is no room to grow here. Their mid-senior level salaries are not competitive and their IT talent reflects that
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, structured environment

Cons: Large company, too many management layers adding red tape to decision processes, evening meetings with global regions
Advice: None
Pros: Well paid, flexible work schedule

Cons: Too much to do. over whelming micromanaged sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: I really liked the bonuses and my team was amazing

Cons: Salary does not reflect years of service. Been with company 6 years. New hires are making more with no relevant experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Healthcare benefits are better than most

Cons: This place will destroy your soul
Advice: Spend more time taking care of your people, and less time worrying about your own career advancement
Pros: The pay and benefits are decent

Cons: All the right things are said about career development and advancement but the “action” in real life lacks. Very difficult to move functions and gain experience.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a lot of company pride and drive for results.

Cons: The bureaucracy can be overwhelming
Can there be any more processes and approvals
The new leadership has a laser like focus on diversity and inclusion - for white women
Advice: There are a lot of very capable Asian, Black and Latino men and women that can perform at high levels beyond stereotypical roles.
Pros: Access to the latest technology
Hope of working on Corvettes

Cons: Management only cares about management.
Advice: Pay attention to your workers. They are the reason that you have a job.
Pros: They offer a good benefits package

Cons: Lower end of pay scale
Advice: Continue with 100% remote
Pros: Generous PTO plus many holidays off, Remote work

Cons: One down side is burocrecy. It is hard to climb up ladders and promotion are difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture. And lot of innovation. Depends on what department you work for.

Cons: Not much company transparency and not a huge amount of ownership
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of cash, work from home when you want.

Cons: Some people just don't want to do work and with all of the red tape, it can make getting things done very difficult
Advice: Fire people that don't work
Pros: Great benefits, good opportunities to grow

Cons: sometimes not coding at all, depending on rotation
Advice: None
Pros: - 4 rotations for the first 2 years (6 months each)
- lots of different experiences

Cons: Too many people that work at GM that should not work there.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, usually good hours.

Cons: Can't find one, maybe in the future
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours and good life balance

Cons: Takes forever to get promoted, pay is low for anything tech related
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, good visibility and career mobility internally

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: People around are always willing to help and there is so much learn at this company.

Cons: With such a big company, there will be many layers of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Good training for new DREs such as myself 

Many interesting projects to sink your teeth into and interface with different experts in various departments 

Good work/life balance

Cons: Organization and division of workload could be better,
Advice: .
Pros: GM is the trendsetter, there is a lot that can be learned here.

Cons: Multiple tools and systems make the work complicated and redundant.
Advice: None
Pros: Look ahead, being innovative and creative

Cons: There were many lies told when joining and the salary is well below normal Austin salaries.  Benefits are OK but don't make up the difference.  No free coffee?  They realize this is Austin, right?  The three innovation centers in Phoenix, Atlanta, and Austin have a lot of energy and desire to improve the business, but in the end you fight on a daily basis with people in Detroit who really don't care if the business gets any better as long as they have a job right now.
Advice: Promote people who are helping innovate and fire those that don't give a crap about the company.  GM feels like working for the government, where it takes tons of paperwork and many years to fire bad employees.  Move as much management to Austin (or Phoenix or Atlanta) as possible, where they aren't as jaded and aren't as focused on securing their next promotion.  Also, stop hiring so many college kids!  You are going to spend a ton of time and money getting them up to speed and they will quickly take "GM" on their resume to go get paid a normal salary somewhere else in Austin.
Pros: Working on everything related to cars is very rewarding, and they go out of their way to make you feel connected to the business, including bringing almost all their vehicles to the site for an all-day test drive (including several stingrays).  The office is very nice and the building has almost 1500 people now, many of whom are extremely bright and energetic.

Cons: just the usual concerns about company future
Advice: keep moving to electric vehicles
Pros: Great comp package, nice co-workers

Cons: 25 min lunch! An supervisors feeling intimidated by your good work ethnic. They play politics a lot at Gm. If one person don’t like you, trust me everybody else will follow suit. No lie!
Advice: Stop looking for reasons to terminate an full time just because the company is hiring directly an you employees had to work years as a temp. ITS NOT OUR FAULT, we took the opportunity that was presented to us.
Pros: Benefits maybe! An a employee or two.

Cons: They pretend like they are inclusive while allowing regular non inclusive behavior
Advice: Don't make us come back to the office full time
Pros: Hybrid work
Decent pay and benefits

Cons: Platform for EVs is not stable.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company that won't disappear soon

Cons: None that I can note.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work/Life Balance and an excellent culture.

Cons: Nothing, my team and the higher-ups are awesome.
Advice: None
Pros: They are big on Safety for everyone, 
Great team, I always feel like I can ask anyone a question and not feel belittle or intimidated. My manager is awesome too. I love this company :)

Cons: Experience highly dependent on team supported
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to get experience in different fields

Cons: Not too many downsides depending on who your manager is. I've seen good managers and bad managers at GM.
Advice: None
Pros: Mentorship program, benefits, PTO is good

Cons: Lots of work often will be working late
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, managers and health insurance

Cons: Lot of work is expected
Lots of process to work through
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salaries
Good benefits
Good work culture

Cons: Generally low annual raises to market average
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance 
Yearly bonus

Cons: Needs to learn to stick to technology
Advice: None
Pros: Great open environment
Great managers and remote work.

Cons: Pay, pay, pay, pay ,pay
Advice: None
Pros: Remote, flexibility, work life balance

Cons: No concern with current employeer
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoy Work in General Mortors

Cons: Poor development of sales objectives, too many changes in managment and therefore priorities
Advice: Find needed initiatives and stick with them long enough to gain traction.
Pros: Flexibility, company car, good training program and opportunities for advancement or learning other functions.

Cons: NCH get thrown into a random dept
Advice: none at all to be honest
Pros: Work Life Balance
Pay is great
Healthy PTO and Unlimited sick days

Cons: Lower pay
Not much else
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
Good work life balance

Cons: There is a lot of resistance to change and some poor organization in certain teams
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, holidays off, good support for trying new things

Cons: Driving to Milford to receive vehicles.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Work from home and hybrid positions available.

Cons: Nothing negative at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy and process to follow, things can move pretty slowly which can be frustrating.
Advice: Focus on making many of the legacy processes that are more painful leaner for the future.
Pros: Work life balance is overall excellent, but you will be expected to put in a little extra time occasionally.
Get to work with some really smart and driven people.
GM really encourages personal development and has programs you can utilize to further your education.
Pay is excellent.

Cons: Size of company can intimidate some
Advice: None
Pros: Strong culture and focus on DEI

Cons: none I found ..... ..
Advice: None
Pros: very good company .... ..

Cons: Can get lost with how many employees there are.
Advice: None
Pros: Good community, never left on your own.

Cons: Damage to body
Poor management 
Poor union
Micro management 
Over worked
Advice: Management could improve by having accountability. Taking ownership for mistakes or unknown information. Management could reward team members when numbers are met or for job well done. Stop micro managing the teams. Cancel all favoritism.
Pros: Benefits
Vacation time 
Diverse 
Bonuses
Union shops

Cons: high-level technical leaders (including chief architects and tech fellows) may not necessarily have the expected levels of technical knowledge
Advice: None
Pros: friendly culture; good work life balance

Cons: very busy and lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: friendly people and nice history to the company

Cons: Management isn't good at his job
Advice: do better
Pros: people are awesome and if you make friends with the techs, you may ask them for favors.

Cons: No comment in this section
Advice: No advice for the management team
Pros: Amazing company that is innovative

Cons: Below average pay, some teams are disorganized, management can be better
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is the best, great benefits and workload is manageable

Cons: The union leadership is finally facing a reckoning but they’ve been in bed with upper management for too long and truly must be reinvented to serve going forward
Advice: Know who your greatest assets are
Pros: Decent pay but doing the same task 100’s of times a shift is more difficult then people imagine

Cons: Not everyone is competent at their job, and many are tasked with extra work to make up for this.
Advice: Weed out the under-performers
Pros: Those I deal with are respectful

Cons: Limited growth opportunities in traditional combustion engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Good Salary and Perks

Cons: They are not flexible with expediting relocation dates so be careful when deciding start dates
Advice: None
Pros: I haven’t began working yet

Cons: Too many turn overs for mid level employees and new college hires.
Salary are low for mid level and new college hire.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture.
Lots of exciting projects.
Benefits are fantastic.

Cons: While you have a chance to shape IT process, it doesn't exist or has so much red tape it is a headache to overcome.

The company sells itself as being agile with a lot of opportunity to create new innovation. The reality is much of the work in the immediate term and next 5 years will be cleaning up the mess of decades of contractors and poor coding standards.

Some managers and departments are blatantly abusing college hires. When hired, these employees are put into a special bucket with decent raises for the first three years. In some instances these employees are given lead responsibilities (or the whole ROLE) and expected to perform at that level. For those that can handle the additional work it is a great opportunity. Unfortunately they receive the same wage and raises as their non-lead college hires counterparts. HR does not allow these employees who take on higher role work and excel at it to be reclassified and given proper compensation.
Advice: Try to cut down on the red tape and push for that innovation you strive for. 

Stop taking advantage of college hires. These kids talk and word spreads. You don't want to be known as "that" company to avoid. After three years, these rookie draft picks that took on extra responsibilities and proved their worth will leave for the competition to get PAID!
Pros: Great benefits (401k, decent health care, 16 holidays, and 3 weeks PTO)
Opportunity to shape IT process
Nice diverse talent with an even mix of young, mid career, and senior staff
Company is making an effort to turn itself around since restructuring after bankruptcy

Cons: Strict guidelines. Strict schedules. Tight deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay. Amazing Benefits. Good work culture.

Cons: I don't have too many cons
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed the inclusivity and mentors

Cons: No cons to mention from my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great team and place to work at.

Cons: nothing, it is all good
Advice: None
Pros: everything, I could say more but it's good

Cons: The benefits are pretty good. The team are pretty understand with emergency.
Advice: None
Pros: Not Applicable ....
Not Applicable ....
Not Applicable ....

Cons: Employees learn that less demand for the target production puts their jobs in jeopardy. Layoffs and plant shutdowns are beyond employees control.
Advice: Stay positive, support your team members and listen better by reviewing communication channels.
Pros: General Motors employees acquire real world experience in the supply vs. demand aspects of auto manufacturing. Good salary and benefits.

Cons: very minimal opportunities for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: good pay for work you do

Cons: nothing that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Best company for diverse and inclusive work environment. Good benefits and you can work remotely unless required. I have some team members who are 100% remote.

Cons: Spreadsheet-happy culture.  So many spreadsheets. And Word docs.  Everything here is Microsoft--every tool (Sharepoint, TFS, Visual Studio), every document (PPT, Word, Excel everywhere), every computer (no Macs in sight), every mindset. 

Every decision or thing is documented in a spreadsheet or a cumbersome ticketing system.  This is typical of big companies, but is the worst I've seen here.  One week to get svn access granted, etc.

No git, no github, no developer VMs, no ssh access to outside world (so you can't even clone git open source repos) etc.  

No equity compensation of any form (no RSU, no ESPP even).  Low salary for experienced devs.  Lengthy 401k match vesting (3 yrs).

If you drive a non-GM car, you are relegated to pariah-parking--all the close-in parking is GM-car only.

No typical "tech company" niceties--no free snacks at all, no free sodas, no free coffee, no free tea, no free plasticware (seriously, you are supposed to buy plastic spoons if you need, from the cafeteria), no paper plates, no cups, no toasters in office anywhere, no game room etc (one ping-pong table for entire 4-story building in a corner of one floor).  Giant breakroom/kitchen area filled with empty cabinets and empty drawers.
Advice: Loosen the iron grip.  Toss a few freebies our way, like stock the break room with plasticware or paper plates.  Put a toaster on the counter for crying out loud.
Pros: Teammates nice, fairly laid-back atmosphere.  Good vacation days and lots of holidays (eg closed entire week of Christmas).  Work mobile phone provided.  Decent 401k match (but see Con below).

Cons: - Totally absent culture. Too heavily top-down and too much "corporate speak" that goes in circles
- Very little opportunity to learn something new and modern that keeps you competitive in today's industry
- Very outdated tech
- Lots of in-fighting and office politics between IT and business
- The only people who seem to be promoted are jerks because they've been there so long
- Horrible communication tools and methods
- Even though lots of people, many are overworked with little time resources because they are so badly allocated
- College new hire program is a joke. Little to no training and you could wind up stuck in your position
Advice: - Work on developing culture for real. Lots of buzzwords and leadership terms flying around the place but they don't mean anything other than "management wants us to do X to for their yearly review"
- Get rid of outdated tech ASAP (development in IE...really?). You're not building better employees with the toolset you have now and you're not attracting top talent because of it either
- Totally feels like GM came to Austin to try to suck up tech talent in the region but it doesn't seem like you are giving much back to it in return. This is not Detroit/Warren. Act like it and know where you are. Many people seem to be stagnant and stuck in their careers unless they leave the company, which is also hard to do because no one is impressed with the experience people have at GM...
Pros: - Great benefits, lots of vacation days
- Depending on the team, could be good balance if you are close to retirement or just became a parent
- Lots of resources in terms of people to contact since company so big

Cons: lower pay at general morots comparably
Advice: None
Pros: good team at general motors

Cons: Can't think of anything bad about my experience. It was great all around
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, great teammates, and overall wonderful culture

Cons: Pay is on the lower end for software engineers. They also are very strict in promotions-- You almost have to be 35 to be a manager or lead. There's a ton of red tape for no reason-- Some weeks I will literally only have 3 hours of work to do.
Advice: Pay more and expect more out of your developers.
Pros: Relaxed work environment, unlimited PTO, 15-20 vacation days plus the 15ish they give us. Super lenient on work hours and will pay for relocation if needed.

Cons: Hours are long and 6-7 day work weeks may be required
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, nice vacation package, profit sharing, and yearly incentives

Cons: A lot of bureaucracy, toxic work environment.
Advice: Treat workers like they're valuable as individuals.  Management decisions tend to impact longtime and hardworking employees like they're worthless.
Pros: Good paid time off and interesting work.

Cons: 1. Pay is kind of low for the area
2. Lots of meetings that can waste your time
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Good work life balance
2. 401k is really competitive
3. Chill work environment

Cons: Large company, very bureaucratic. Interns and co-ops are being taken advantage of during this stage of the pandemic where it is difficult to hire and retain employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Very supportive teams for students to gain experience with.

Cons: - Poor process documentation or none at all
- One person is an expert on a topic causing extreme delay in problem resolution
- New college grads are slow to ramp up because everyone is "busy"
- No preferred parking at Austin North (what is the point of buying & driving a GM car)
- Lack of urgency if issue is not raised by someone of stature 
- Poor eating options (the cafeteria sucks and is inconsistent, replace them!)
- It takes a minimum of 2 weeks to get issues resolved, because people have "it is not my job" attitude towards problem solving 
- Can't get business cards for free
- Minimal company perks
   -> no free food/snacks
   -> took away vehicle ambassador program
  -> no ergonomic department
Advice: - Make time to develop new college grads, don't just pawn them off and make them someone else's responsibility. 

- Allow new college grads to get experience in other spaces.

- Offer perks! GM requests so much from us including focusing on increasing EBIT, however ALL perks have been taken away. What is the benefit of working here?

- I support Mary Barra, but it seems like the managers I see on a regular basis have their own agenda. 

- How is GM addressing diversity? I sure cannot see it...

- Take a look at GE's College Grad program and see how they continuously engage them and make sure they are groomed to be the company's next leaders.
Pros: It is very difficult to come up with pros other than the  most generic ones listed below...

- Vacation days are abundant; 15 days first year, 20 days 2nd year
- The ability to work from home
- Access to MSDN
- Flexible working hours
- Paternal leave for dads

Cons: Too many people, too much fat.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, lots of opportunities, good work life balance

Cons: Literally everything else besides two pros listed.
Advice: Stop sexually harassing people
Pros: Insurance coverage and education assistance

Cons: Old school company that is still doing things old school.
The pay structure is not based on things that other companies might base it off of (location/position/etc), its based off a scale and from my experience, moving up on that scale isnt easy.
Advice: None
Pros: - Work/Life balance
- Work/Life balance
- Work/Life balance 

(did i say work/life balance?)

Cons: The CEO and upper management only cares about profits and numbers
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and excellent vacation time off benefits

Cons: Management could use some work
Advice: None
Pros: They offer great benefits and the salary is great for entry-level positions

Cons: Very repetitive and boring. Never feel fulfilled from working
Advice: None
Pros: They pay you well to do a job that literally anyone else is capable of doing. Usually somewhat easy work if you can deal with doing the same task 400 times a night

Cons: 9 hour work days sometimes
Advice: Chill out a little bit
Pros: Safe work environment. Good benefits

Cons: Good intentions can be taken the wrong way by sensitive individuals.
Advice: Keep investing Heavy in IT, it’s paying off!
Pros: Great benefits, recognize great teamwork

Cons: work can get repetitive, must be hired on as part time employee and company wont make you permanent until your 2 year mark (as of 2022), mandatory to work Saturdays 9 hrs when you do become full time.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job, not straining work and health insurance is free.

Cons: Below average salary. Awful awful awful micro-management. Constant re-organization due to the inability to retain talent. Performance punishment.
Advice: Less management, more development. Too many people trying to be the boss.
Pros: Remote work. Good Benefits/Vacation time. Job security.

Cons: Salary is below average for most Software Developer roles in the Area
Advice: Increase Salary, price of living has gone up.
Pros: Great benefits in terms of work life balance, health ect.

Cons: An hour one way drive to work
Advice: None
Pros: Health Benefit package that's come with the job

Cons: More in-person trainings would be helpful
Advice: N/A
Pros: Fantastic leaders with strong pay

Cons: There are no real negatives
Advice: None
Pros: They pay for continuing Education

Cons: Constant push by management to always be involved in extra projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of flexibility, opportunity to learn new engineering areas.  Opportunities to present to director and executive director level.

Cons: The job has lots of hours
Advice: None
Pros: The job has high pay.

Cons: Hard work in some areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for work.

Cons: Hard work in some areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for work.

Cons: Company culture is very dated. Do more work with less time and pay.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k match is good and hard to beat.

Cons: Everything else. Prepare to make a deal you might regret very quickly.
Advice: Good old boy club needs to go. It still exists.
Pros: Pay &amp; benefits are amazing. Job did not follow the description or what was discussed in the interview. Management is asked to fill in for hourly positions at other plants.

Cons: Bureucratic due to size of company.
Advice: None
Pros: Oppurtunity to learn new skill sets. Good Work life balance and caring managers.

Cons: Old political perspective, not able to develop beyond role
Advice: None
Pros: They have good compensation and PTO

Cons: Like many old and large companies, management has a tendency to control your work life without notifying you until a change has been made for you. I've seen many people who learn they are changing roles from a department-wide email which feels very impersonal and makes you feel out  of control over your career.

Maternity/Paternity leave policies are underwhelming.

Instead of telling employees actual expectations, management lies to you with "stretch goals" because they assume you will fail to meet the actual timeline. I understand why people do this, but it makes me feel like a child. Multiple times, I worked super-late hours to meet their false timeline only to learn that it wasn't due for another few days. Then, I had nothing to do for those three days but be sleep deprived from the previous week.
Advice: Throw out the 1960's business culture that caused GM to go bankrupt in 2009 and learn to communicate with employees and promote collaboration. Also, two college hires can't always replace someone with 10 years experience.
Pros: GMIT is focused on hiring young talent- making about a third of the office in their twenties. This demographic makes my experience in the office fun and allows for innovation and creativity. 
If you want to expand network, there are multiple opportunities to be a part of employee resource groups. 

Vacation time is generous.

Building setup is colorful and encourages collaboration.

New car discount

Mary Barra is awesome.

Austin location has a much more open culture than the rest of GM since it is newer and not in Detroit.

Cons: The new OPEN SPACE office environment still has a few bugs to work out.  Like finding conference rooms.
The Tech Center Complex has many buildings and employees moving between them.  The current shuttle/bike/sidewalk system seems very short-sighted as a means from enabling people to go between buildings (which is a frequent occurrence for many)
Advice: None
Pros: After 25 years as a automotive supplier and 4 different companies, I have been very impressed with the General Motors organization and very happy with my decision to join.  While there are exceptions in every work-place and every situation, overall, this has been a great place to work and I plan to stay until I retire.  
The employees work hard and diligently.  
The company enables employees to be focused on their work without distractions.  
Like all organization, there are issues and short-comings, but the company acknowledges these and works to correct and improve upon these, whether it is process, product or people.  
There are plenty of opportunities for career growth, which is encouraged for those who wish to change.  
Leadership encourages work-place balance.  Not only do they talk about, but they act upon it.  
I have been impressed by the level and consistency in the amount of respect and confidence that the employees have in Senior and Executive Leadership, to a level that I have not seen in any past experiences.
Product Quality and Safety (product, customer, employee) are fore-front in all objectives, meetings and activities.  The company recognizes that there are shortcomings, but are actively working to continually improve in all of these areas.

Cons: none so far everything is good
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility and paid time off.

Cons: Pay is lower
Progressing career is harder
Advice: None
Pros: Good Vacation Days
Good Work Life Balance

Cons: somewhat under paid for the time youve been there
Advice: None
Pros: flexible
great management
little to no micromanagement
fair workload with a GREAT work life balance
many days off

Cons: Hard to move up the ranks
Advice: None
Pros: Good People
Trying to get better

Cons: This is a large corporation that is built with a number of competing silos that tend to guard their interests rather than cooperate with each other to get things done. In addition, if you are interested in moving out of the silo you are in, it can be difficult to make that transition, and HR policies are set up such that your current management can block any movement or advancement without much reason, and without recourse for the employee.

Although eductional and growth opportunities are available, they are likewise happered by this silo structure. I was block from taking part in a Masters program focused on electric vehicles (a strategic growth area for the company), since my current management in exterior design didn't view this as a strategically important education program for their group. I left to pursue this degree full time on my own.

Finally, although there is much that can be learned for someone new to industry, there is little opportunity to really have much of an real impact on the business. The status quo will rule (even if it is not working) and new ideas have a hard time being heard and adopted in the company.
Advice: There needs to be an overhaul in policies that allow employees a real opportunity to move, grow, and learn within the company. Power is given to direct managers, and those in higher management positions appear uninterested in dealing with such employee conflicts.
Pros: This is a place where you can get a stable salary with a great benefits package. There is much that a recent graduate could learn about how a business operates. There are "training" opportunties available, but not a lot of support around really providing additional "education" for employees.

Cons: Teams, that work on the same systems, do not communicate to each other much. 
People do the same work without knowing about it until it's too late. 
Some management tries to play a cut-throat game. 
Managers promise to the business some new products behind the backs of their colleagues and then pushes the whole team to achieve those goals before anyone got the same idea and implemented it.

Higher management pushes for the following principles: "speak up", "it's on me", "innovate" and a lot of others. The actual team managers say that they very much agree with all of this to the business but behind their backs they say those principles are stupid and if you try to bring anything up to their attention you can get your bonus cut, your salary won't increase or they can even threaten you to be fired. All they care about is to deliver the requested set of features before the deadline. If it does not function properly during the release time they will start point fingers and blame other teams/certain team members/other managers. Anything just to prove their work is great and the reason we are going to miss the deadline is somewhere else.
Advice: GM has way too many managers and yet the actual workers cannot get their words up to the business attention. Good thing they also have architects who can pause the development rush and straighten things out before it's too late.
Pros: A lot of different tech, projects, and smart people to gain more experience and knowledge from.
Competitive compensation and pretty good benefits (especially if you've been there for a few years).

Cons: pay time benefits at a cost
Advice: None
Pros: benefits pay time off work

Cons: A lot of meetings unrelated to your actual work
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive , helpful, work life balance

Cons: High Capital Investment and More Competition
Advice: None
Pros: Transformation in Progress as there is a transition to Electric Vehicles

Cons: Just joined so none so far
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Benefits 
Work life balance
Pay

Cons: Fast paced programs to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great to be apart of.

Cons: Compensation is lower than a lot of the big tech.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work-life balance, 9 to 5 WFH.

Cons: - Leadership doesn't always understand bottom line issues
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive pay and other benefits
- Culture is growing to be more inclusive

Cons: I don’t really have any!
Advice: None
Pros: They really care about their employees

Cons: Can get a little dull at times, pay is ok but could be better
Advice: Reduce bureaucracy, more promotion opportunities
Pros: Friendly co-workers, work-life balance, wfh, good benefits

Cons: The company’s room for Advancement are small
Advice: None
Pros: The company’s Benefits are good

Cons: Can take a long time to be considered for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance
Remote work
Great management support

Cons: They are a car company, so an IT job not directly supporting products can be phased out quickly.
Advice: I'm not one to advise them
Pros: Looks good on your resume

Cons: Working off-hour shifts can make a life/work balance difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and no travel

Cons: No complain and nothing to say bad
Advice: None
Pros: Love to work their and good work life balance.

Cons: There is no opportunity to move out of the "College New Hire" program once you are in. No matter if you are asked to move into higher roles than other more experienced employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefits in Austin TX. Great learning environment for entry-level devs

Cons: Slow upward mobility, big organization can be hard to have impact at times
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work life balance, rotational opportunities, remote option, reputation, exposure to evolving industry

Cons: large company with many layers of leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: solid company, competitive pay, decent benefits, generous paid holidays and vacation time

Cons: The repetitive motion that happened even with rotational job duties has left me with a permanent damage in my shoulder
Advice: None
Pros: Fellow employee were supportive and fun to work with

Cons: if you like the same work over and over, this is the place to be. having to fight tooth and nail to prove why your job is important to project teams is draining and repetitive. explains their low job retention especially when top talent is being underpaid
Advice: None
Pros: work from home is great! but senior management is often going back and forth about this

Cons: Big company hard to find a way to have career growth similar to all big companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
compensation and benefit

Cons: I have not had any cons.
Advice: Continue being great!
Pros: The culture and people are great.

Cons: Managers have a lot of control
Advice: Lots of movement/churn in the upper management levels.
Pros: Big company. Lot of internal opportunities to move and explore.

Cons: Not cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Environment. Technologies, stability, team work.

Cons: It is a very big company, not a lot of sense of a community
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company to work for

Cons: Overtime giving at the wrong time
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours good pay and benefits

Cons: Less career development opportunities, but the leadership is increasingly implementing more related programs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefits and 401k

Cons: You will have no life. Overtime is abundant. No work/life balance. Management aways looking for a reason to write you up. Your body will break down.
Advice: Calm down. We are all adults. We know what our job is and are doing our best. Take weekends off. Most of us would rather work 12 Mon thru Fri and have some family time on weekends.
Pros: Cadillac of health insurance available to seniority employees.

Cons: Working 6 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors has great benefits

Cons: moves slow, nothing else to say
Advice: None
Pros: inclusive, powerful, huge knowledge. That is it

Cons: A lot of learn-as-you go scenarios
Advice: Develop “District Manager school” to train new employees for job-specific responsibilities
Pros: Great benefits, plenty of support

Cons: Lots of red tape to get idea across.
Advice: None
Pros: People are helpful, looking to push you to next opportunity.

Cons: Usually have to move to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits including health insurance and education reimbusrsement

Cons: Very big company, very broad
Advice: N/A
Pros: Very good company/ High motor

Cons: Working for General Motors doesn’t have any cons
Advice: Bring motor city back to the USA
Pros: great vision for the future

Cons: drive time was to far to drive
Advice: none
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: - Can be too relaxed at times, have to push yourself to keep learning
Advice: - Push employees a little harder
Pros: - Bonus is good
- Work is very very flexible
- A lot of power over your code and driving the projects

Cons: Long work hours, demanding job
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work! Company is really putting emphasis on DE&amp;I and work place of choice. Great vacation.

Cons: You have to pay back the relocation fee if you leave the company prior to 2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: They provide a company vehicle free of cost.

Cons: - very disorganized when doing projects
Advice: None
Pros: - Best Work Life Balance

Cons: It’s not as “cool” as Tesla
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are better than other companies in industry

Cons: Pay is on the lower scale, but they make it up by the benefit and bonus structure.
Advice: I have nothing to share right now, my manager is pretty transparent.
Pros: Flexible. Remote. Great benefits. No pressure from management. Provide ample time to train.

Cons: Absolute mess. No mentorship or guidance and politics prevent anything from getting done.
Advice: None
Pros: You can get by doing nothing.

Cons: Less opportunity for advancement within the company due to lack of attritions from management folks
Advice: None
Pros: Offers great flexibility to manage work life balance

Cons: It requires you to put in lot of hours
Bad work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: People connection
Paid well
Can make lot of money quicly

Cons: Manager selection process is not good. Unqualified people become managers.
Advice: Set up a test for management skills  before promoting someone for manager
Pros: Good profit bonus, good healthcare benefits

Cons: Salary is not very competitive and other companies gives better salary but it’s hard to compete with the rest of benefits that GM provide
Advice: None
Pros: Great team 
Great life balance 
Good options to growth in the company

Cons: Only downside would be bureaucracy which is typical in any big company.
Advice: None
Pros: GM doesn’t micromanage their engineers and gives lots of room for creativity. Culture is also very good. They care!

Cons: Multi layered management resulting in slow decision making on technology side!
Advice: Need a lot more diversity and inclusion in the top 3 layers of management.
Pros: Good profit sharing and great benefits, nice work life balance.

Cons: The pay is not that competitive.
The tasks you will be working on will under prepare you for future positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Good benefits. Ability to learn multiple facets of technology or pivot to other fields.
Easy tasks and development.

Cons: None at the moment everything has been great
Advice: Continue to hire great leadership
Pros: Benefits 
Compensation 
WFH
Diversity
Work/Life Balance

Cons: Not a lot of freedom to try new jobs that you were not hired for or try new jobs that you do not have experience in.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a good company with opportunities for career growth and development. Your experience is what you make it.

Cons: Wont risk adapting new latest technology and rely highly on EM's than expertise / suppliers.
Advice: Please listen to every new engineer's opinion too.
Pros: Team working environment, Flexible, Disciplined.

Cons: Very hard to move around specialties and areas within company.
Advice: None
Pros: Something I really like about working for GM is the amount you can learn and contribute in such a short time, everyone is always talking to each other and working together to get things done.

Cons: Nobody to chat with at the water cooler
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Really enjoyed

Cons: Management is slow and old-school, and pay is ridiculously low.
Advice: None
Pros: Some teams get to work with in demand tech

Cons: I have not come across an issue that I couldn't address.
Advice: None
Pros: As a company they are focused on change, modernizing and implementation of new technology.

Cons: If you're an experienced hire like myself, you'll find this is a typical corporate company. It's the same red tape, same good ol' boys club, same politics, groups are extremely siloed. Promotions within the same group are almost non existent. In most IT groups, you can't be promoted unless you dedicate every waking moment of your life to your job - instead you have to leave the group to get the promotion you need or have someone leave. They let really knowledgeable workers walk out the door. The infrastructure is a mess. They go with whatever brand/products are the cheapest. They are trying to hire a bunch of new college hire developers to develop 80% apps in house and throw them into a group, train them and have them do repetitive tasks over and over again. It's very common to walk around and see people hanging out on Facebook or playing games. There are a massive amount of people that are not technical at all and I have no idea how they got the job. Cubical areas are short so it's very loud. Do not expect any privacy at all.
Advice: Give your employees a pat on the back once in awhile. Don't let good people leave. Figure out how to retain good people. Believe it or not, there are a ton of very passionate people that you let leave every day.
Pros: Benefits - Several weeks of time off, lots of holidays, paid winter shut down, health insurance is fantastic.
New College Hire? - This place is for you. They'll pay for you to move and give you a raise every 6 months.

Cons: Upward mobility is dependent on location.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and culture. Lots of opportunities to learn a lot.

Cons: none to speak of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: not a bad place to work

Cons: Salaries for specialized and experienced IT professionals is not on par with salaries at pure tech companies. This will lead to top IT talent leaving the company for better pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits including 16 holidays and 4 week vacations and unlimited sick days

Cons: Any hope of keeping up with modern tech stacks here is minuscule.  Most of the company does not do any work on the cloud.  When they do, not Azure/AWS but rather PCF.  In Austin, the management is full of ex Dell employees that look out for each other.  So you end up with engineering managers who probably don't know the first thing about coding basics or current trends in the industry.  

They are also afraid of the business team.  Management will lie to your face about being innovative and pushing the envelope.  Really what ends up happening is you either take over some old poorly written legacy applications that the business team has no desire to re-write.  Or the business team will buy a poorly written COTS product that is not enterprise ready.  Finally they are cheap.  No benefits like decent laptops (you will get a heavy brick), cafeteria, gym, training outside of new college hires, etc.  Company morale was bad after the layoff.  Only come work here is you are towards the end of your career and just want something to sail into retirement with.  Finally, the employee discounts are a joke.  You can bargain yourself that same deal.
Advice: Try to actually grow a spine when dealing with the business team.  Stop the huge preferential treatment to Dell employees.
Pros: Benefits are nice.  It will make you appreciate your other jobs.  Bonus is decent but just leave the day after you get it.

Cons: Work life balance, long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Just got interview for group leader position

Cons: Pay is extremly low considering industry standard
Advice: None
Pros: Manager is nice and team is friendly

Cons: It had a bad work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting stuff, lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Lack of training for incoming DREs
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great culture

Cons: Some internal processes are a bit slow and take up too much work time.
Advice: None
Pros: Every one is so welcoming and willing to help you get up to speed.

Cons: Temp workers not treated as fairly as they should be, lack of time off
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, and environment once hired full time

Cons: Pay is awful and they tend to lose good talent all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work/Life Balance depending on team

Cons: Large company always comes with high overhead and processes
Advice: Simplify processes, invest in more development and automation within the company
Pros: Great benefits and time off, flexibility, autonomy, values, inclusivity, strong leadership, moving to all electric, good pay, company car program, great discounts

Cons: Low salary compared to the market
Advice: None
Pros: Health and Family first
Job security

Cons: other companies are offering high compensation and are easy to still talent from GM
Advice: None
Pros: great team formation and great support from managers

Cons: Toxic environment. The union and company are not family orientated and the attitude is horrible in there.
Advice: None
Pros: Money along with the benefits.

Cons: low pay comparable to other developers
Advice: pay more
Pros: lax work environment, wfh, performance bonus is good

Cons: It takes years to be some a seniority employee and until you are they will work you to death
Advice: Make a better contract
Pros: Once you are a seniority employee the benefits and Percs are 2nd to none

Cons: Building is overcrowded. Not enough bathrooms, especially for women. Things are always broken and no one is in a rush to fix them. Trash is barely picked up. Bugs. No cafeteria. Prides itself on being a "start up environment", but does not understand the meaning of the phrase. They think that start up means that they don't have to provide any amenities to their employees. Working from home is frowned upon. If you want employees to be in the office everyday, you must provide normal amenities to them (coffee cups, stirrers, cafeteria, bathroom facilities, clean facilities, enough parking, etc.). Counterparts in Michigan do not listen - they just try to boss people around and blame others for their mistakes, instead of fixing them.
Advice: Truly embrace the word innovation. Allow your talented employees to shine and bring new ideas to life in the company. Attrition is high, especially in the Georgia Innovation Center. They are being ran away by too much bureacracy, too many rules, too much focus on the appearance of work and not actually getting the work done, and too much expectation to do the jobs of multiple people without any appreciation or acknowledgement. Listen to the experts that you hired. We are not contractors, therefore, the expectation for us to work like the contractors who were there before without the hourly compensation they were receiving needs to end. There are several other employers in the Atlanta area who pay more and provide a much more satisfying work experience.
Pros: 8000 in tuition reimbursement.  Salaries are on the higher end of the low-midpoint range.

Cons: You don't learn much, it's super woke and it's not a meritocracy
Advice: None
Pros: It was easy and cushy

Cons: Too many process to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of training and great environment work

Cons: Nothing really i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, benrfits,, and wonderful culture

Cons: I experienced racial discrimination countless times.
Diversity could improve on every level, especially on senior levels.
Managers may be skilled but some don't know how to manage people, especially of different races.
Advice: Think diversity on every level
Help employees to grow
Pros: Growth
Learning
The name helps in future jobs

Cons: The organization was very siloed.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a role that was never boring.

Cons: Pay is below industry standard
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance including holidays and 3 weeks of vacation on day one.

Cons: work life balance is terrible though. Mandatory 6 day work week.
Advice: None
Pros: Really good benefits and pay, easy work

Cons: Long hours, high stress, few locations
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay and benefits. Great company to work for

Cons: Limited growth opportunities specially at senior level
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for while leading change in the automotive business

Cons: Mandatory travel if you don't want to travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty laid back, lots of travel if you like that. Good people to work with.

Cons: Old company, old values. Almost impossible to be full remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits and stability, friendly staff.

Cons: not many cons honestly I swear
Advice: None
Pros: A ton of pros pros pros

Cons: Due to COVID-19 restrictions, working remotely can be challenging at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Greats place of employment for positive atmosphere, employee benefits, and all around experience.

Cons: None, that can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great wages, vacation time, medical insurance, and very good management with opportunities for advancement.

Cons: Compensation is not competitive. Transition to a more agile, software oriented company is taking place but growing pains are present.
Advice: Fill missing roles. Slow down and breath, don't rush projects. Share the money.
Pros: You can shine. You will learn alot if you apply yourself. Some teams will allow you to use a widely variable tech stack.

Cons: Too much work time. No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Not good for your body

Cons: Less pay for a fresher
Advice: None
Pros: Team is much flexible independent of hierarchy

Cons: pressure driven environment, not much psyclogial safety at end of day
Advice: None
Pros: great people interaction, lots of safety valves

Cons: Work a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, benefits, culture, growth

Cons: The union and company goals do not always align.
Advice: Very competitive unless you are favored.
Pros: Pay and benefits. Good support from leadership.

Cons: Not paid enough for the city.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going work environment, they are hiring a ton so the culture is changing to a younger crowd.

Cons: Works with outdated tech, don't care about their employees, poor work-life balance and terrible management
Advice: Stop sucking
Pros: Lots of PTO and holidays

Cons: Implementing Operational changes is cumbersome
Advice: Allow open culture to take input from all employee levels
Pros: Opportunity to learn and do things that impact business

Cons: Can get lost in the company organization
Advice: None
Pros: Good company culture for engineers

Cons: Some silos still exist in the corporate infrastructure.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a fantastic place to work.

Cons: Low pay slow pace growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment. Work life balance

Cons: Long hours in the plant
Advice: None
Pros: Work life Balance 
OT, Benefits

Cons: Irregular performance reviews and career-pathing is non-existent except in rare cases.  Promotional and even lateral movement is meted out on an almost random basis.  "Problem children" and prima donnas get ahead faster than anyone who actually works for a living.  Pay is not based on performance, except in rare instances.  Variable pay is a complete joke.  Constant fear of downsizing in the last 7 years, with the only seeming logic behind the cuts being "retirement eligible" or "somewhat voluntary separation package."  Problem performers are never dealt with, and thsoe managers that do deal with problem employees are not encouraged to do so.  Very "experienced" workforce does not like working outside of their silos, and actively stymies/undermines that behavior.  Communication of company policies/decisions flows top-down and is so steeped in jargon designed to spoon-feed the kool-aid, that it's both unbelievable and unstomachable.
Advice: The corporate culture needs an enema, plain and simple.  The company cannot continue to be run as if seniority is the only basis for advancement, and that "management trainee" is the equivalent of saying "longest in the job."  Specifically to SENIOR Management: cut out the middle, it's rife with a cancer the likes of which cannot exist at any healthy company.
Pros: Excellent benefits (insurances, paid time off); potential for great perks (like the company car program), and decent salaries.  There is an endless amount of work to do- constant opportunity to get involved in a myriad of projects impacting the business at every turn (just don't expect to be rewarded for working outside your box)!  Bureaucracy actually allows some cross-functional superstars to flourish.

Cons: Workload, Hours, Lack of time off.
Advice: None
Pros: Variety of work performed is interesting.

Cons: Nothing much it's a great company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good team, good atmosphere, good mission statement

Cons: Pay stinks. Can definitely get more elsewhere
Advice: Pay more to retain
Pros: Very good WLB. Opportunities to learn especially if you are a new college hire. Good benefits

Cons: They don’t pay that well
Advice: None
Pros: I like the Culture and the community

Cons: If you are serious software developer then you steer clear of this place.  You would think that a company that is trying to get into the Automated Car business would be cutting a top notch technical environment.  You would be mistaken.  The technology they are using was outdated before I began my career.  For instance a java project I worked on wasn't using a dependency management system, it literally had dependent jar files checked into SVN.

Another project I worked on kept falling over because it was trying to remove records from a database via JDBC... it was actually going through all the records, reading them into memory, and then going through them one by one to issue a delete... millions of rows...  I watched a very senior level employee spending hour upon hour trying to trouble shoot this thing.  How would you solve this?  Well you'd just double the CPU and memory of course (True story)

The consensus amongst employee's is "it pays very good", now picture yourself with a bunch of coworkers all with this same mindset.  If that's that seems like a compromise you are willing to take then go for it, you will get paid very good!

Note for new college grads (I was not one, but feel I need to put out a PSA)  If you are told you will be doing software development... you won't...  You'll be writing test scripts... all day every day... and not using some cool scripting language... think 3rd party gui tools like SOAP UI.
Advice: None
Pros: They pay very well and have the excellent benefits.  The downtown location is pretty nice.

Cons: not the most exciting job
pays wasn't amazing
Advice: None
Pros: lots of flexibility in the system

Cons: dont have any cons as of yet
Advice: none
Pros: just started working here today

Cons: nothing go say here thanks bye
Advice: none
Pros: Awesome Pay and benefits and vacation

Cons: None, glad I was able to work from home
Advice: None
Pros: Worked at GM and it’s a solid place

Cons: Cons: Super disfuncional. Lack of communication. No organization. Poor leadership. Job titles don't reflect what you will actually being doing.
Advice: Get your things together. Organize yourselves.
Pros: Pros: benefits like healthcare, dental and vision. 401k is awesome too.

Cons: no competitive salaries when compared to market
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance here

Cons: Management is arrogant and ignorant
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and good benefits

Cons: Work from home could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great paycheck
Great benefits
Excellent 401k match

Cons: Toxic fear filled culture. No family values.
Advice: Live what you say your values are.
Pros: Decent money, time off, bonus

Cons: not many extra perks that a google or apple would have
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, vacation, yearly bonus, stable

Cons: Nothing really matters so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of leaning opportunity, and clear performance evaluation.

Cons: Management resistant to modern methodology
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back and good job security

Cons: Some people get away with to much
Advice: They like to pick and choose
Pros: Great place to work great benefits

Cons: You need good health care due to the long hours and night shift
Advice: FIRE UAW, they are killing the compant from the inside. This made my job miserable while working there. You cower to the whimpers of the UAW.
Pros: Health care benefits are good

Cons: Hours can be tough on family
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is pretty good for the area

Cons: 6 days a week. Hard work
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are real good

Cons: a lot of office and plant politics
Advice: None
Pros: golden handcuffs and great vacation/wlb

Cons: You might love it too much
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and the feeling like you are a part of a team.

Cons: Limited opportunity for advancement
Lack of transparency regarding promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse range of experience 
Good benefits
Focus on employee wellness

Cons: Moving up the ladder may take time.
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance is unmatched.

Cons: Lack of promotion chances, need to be flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work with. Nice people

Cons: Work can sometimes be boring.
Advice: Would like to see more challenging projects.
Pros: Great teams. The collaboration is wonderful. The managers are amazing.

Cons: Expected to work a US shift, then a shift with Chinese colleagues and suppliers. If work isn't the center of your life then you will not be successful
Advice: Recognize that some people work to live, not everyone lives to work
Pros: High Pay. High Pay. High Pay.

Cons: Not many, but somewhat bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, innovative organization, smart coworkers

Cons: No longer has corporate pensions
Advice: None
Pros: very professional environment for a manufacturing company

Cons: Takes a while for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: WLB and job security are awesome

Cons: Long work hours sometimes
Physically demanding
Appointments can be hard to get to
Current manpower limitations increase stress
Pay is starting to slowly fall behind
Advice: More inclusive strategies, in lieu of managers with the "If your not losing, I'm not winning" mentality.
Pros: Good Pay
Great benefits
Vacation
Overtime availability
Inclusive Environment

Cons: Starting salary is a bit lower than would be expected.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has good benefits and vacation/holidays.

Cons: Most employees are engineers so it is the status quo to have an engineering background which may limit your career opportunities if you don't have an engineering degree
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is looking to improve inclusion and diversity across the company
There are more remote jobs than ever before

Cons: processes are slow, don't place you with the team you interview for. You can be placed anywhere and it is a surprise
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, nice people

Cons: It is very much a high school environment.
The local union is powerless against management, and management knows this.
Favoritism is how you scale up within the company.
Limited hours for new employees.
You are a number.
No pension.
Advice: Its futile to think they would change their ways. They will do what they want, when they want, whenever they want. Keep it up folks.
Pros: Good Benefits
Profit Sharing
Decent Pay
GM vehicle parking

Cons: No work-life balance. Lack of strong leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited opportunities to learn. Amazing technology. Skilled CEO!

Cons: Management structure and slow growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and decent hours

Cons: Very few executive level spots.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, lots of oppertunity.

Cons: Difficult to navigate bureaucracy and system
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworkers and work life balance

Cons: Depressing atmosphere low employee morale.  A lot of pressure on employees that is not productive.  May start losing the best hard working people.  Individual mid-level executives can be brutal to people without any place for employees to turn to for help.  HR not helpful to employee due to overwork and no clout.  People end up working 10 or more hours a day no extra pay or recognition and no end in sight.  Too much politics in middle  upper management, not enough accountability for them.  Their actions aren't necessarily  done for the best of the company or the employees.
Advice: Middle level executives are too political and selfish about their careers (lower unclassified).  They are not held accountable, partly due to some moving too quickly through jobs.  Simplify the metrics and make them the focus.  Value your hardworking & honest employees, be suspicious of the "yes" people telling you what you want to hear.  Surround yourself with people who will be honest and not afraid to speak up, encourage it.  Leadership needs to get closer to the employees - not the required Diagonal slice meetings, but much smaller less formal get togethers.  Have individuals in the trenches that you can depend on to give you the honest pulse of the organization - your people are the most important part of the company and don't forget that.
Pros: Great people in general all want to do a good job.  Good pay & benefits even after reduced some.

Cons: There are still many employees afraid to change towards inclusive
Advice: None
Pros: GM leads the cultural change to be more inclusive and give flexibility to the employees with work-appropriate policy. Great benefits.

Cons: Pay is uncompetitive if you live in Atlanta, Phoenix, or Austin
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance for most teams is good.
Work is often interesting and fulfilling. Tech stack is current and is updated frequently.

Cons: Trended inflexible on remote working. Overtime may or may not be compensated depending on your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good benefits.

Cons: Outdated procedures for software development
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: No control of forced overtime
Not paid as well as the demands on you
Even with forced overtime, we make 1/300 of the CEO pay.
Advice: Stop working us like slaves and pay us like the family or assets you claim us to be.
Pros: Paid well compared to most of America

Cons: They are increasingly paying new hires lower and lower wages, while eliminating jobs for lower and lower wages. They control your life. Overtime with an hour notice, scheduling Saturdays in the middle of the week, when you use your vacation, and when you take your breaks. It's not a good job like 20yrs ago
Advice: They only promote white people to run their plants. They don't even believe in the EVs they are about to build, plant management doesn't drive them. Ripping off the customer
Pros: Only if you have no other options

Cons: the company there is no contract with the workers why the company signs a contract then trashs it and lies big time to get its way they don't care there workers or the car or truck its all numbers and $$$$ to them
Advice: grow up respect the union contract
Pros: the union pay and benefits

Cons: Not ideal home/work balance. Often working from phone at all hours.
Advice: Need to raise expectations and hold people accountable
Pros: Good pay and available OT

Cons: Definitely on the lower end for pay for software developers
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance
NCH program is great at helping new graduates start their career
Truly care for employees

Cons: Huge bureaucracy, difficult to navigate, poor recognition of talent and accomplishments.
Advice: Get rid of the glorified seniority promotions and recognize people on merit.
Pros: Lots of smart people, good salary, very stable employment.

Cons: I don't have anything to list
Advice: Na
Pros: It was a good place to work

Cons: Managers had favorites to choose from
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was also good as well

Cons: Too many politics in a big company.
Advice: None
Pros: Wood model maker is a Great job

Cons: nothing bad about working here
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of good perks here

Cons: No issues, and working here is good
Advice: None
Pros: good working flexibility at this company

Cons: If you want to work on anything remotely interesting this isn't really the place.
The salary is way below average. I joined as part of their recent college grad program and didn't have much choice but to accept GM's offer because I needed a job. After covid-19 hit we got a 20% salary cut so I started looking for a new job as the pay wasn't good to begin with. I've accepted an offer at another company that is twice my current salary. After giving my 2 week notice I was told I need to repay my relocation expenses right away despite telling HR that I don't have the money because I've been struggling with the 20% salary cut. GM is just another corporation that doesn't really care about the employees at the end of the day. We're just another cog in the money making machine.
Layoffs are always looming over your head. When I joined there was a wave of layoffs and about half of the employees at my location were let go. You'd hear stories about how everyone would line up in their cubicles just watching as one by one people were picked out to leave. Since those layoffs there's been a strike from the factory workers and GM has taken huge losses as a result of covid-19 so another wave of layoffs is sure to come. They've been hiring college grads like crazy at below market costs so I'm pretty sure they're setting themselves up to let the higher paid employees go soon.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good. 401k match is good but gets vested after 2 years which is unfortunate cause it isn't worth sticking around for 2 years.

Cons: Push alternative lifestyle too much
Advice: None
Pros: Money is pretty good overall

Cons: There are no down sides.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great here, everyone shares similar goals and strives for inclusion and excellence. The benefits and leadership are superior as well.

Cons: Sometimes to much overtime for me
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work usually

Cons: Easy to get lost. So many people and everyone is busy. You must be a self driving individual needing little direction.
Advice: None
Pros: You are encouraged to be a self starter and drive your projects.

Cons: Nothing that I can really think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, great management and great recognition for work done.

Cons: Politics sometimes get in the way of doing the right or more efficient thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Can move around the company to find the best fit for a job. The people are fantastic.

Cons: Very conservative, not a real IT company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, vacation and bonus

Cons: - slow moving
- too process oriented
- re-organizes way too much
Advice: None
Pros: - competitive pay
- collaborative culture
- empowers employees

Cons: Gotta start off on night shift takes years to move to first
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay… three bonuses a year

Cons: Depending on the team you join, you may lack proper leadership and mentorship. If you are self motivated, this should be less of a problem.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work schedule. Good work life balance. Lots of opportunity to progress your career if you are self motivated.

Cons: No problems very understanding co workers
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome place good benefits good hours

Cons: Low pay and far distance
Advice: None
Pros: Full benefits and start immediately

Cons: -Teams can be understaffed and you will have to do a lot at times
-Below average pay
Advice: None
Pros: -Culture is great
-Benefits are real nice

Cons: It is hard on your body and you can be forced to work a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are good for no education being required

Cons: Promotions are tough and it’s not clear how to achieve them
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great culture, excellent opportunities for learning

Cons: Leadership is now very top heavy
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
A lot of time off
Flexible work

Cons: When the U.S. government became the leader of General Motors we were unsure of what was next. People were being released for obscure reasons and were replaced by people not familiar with manufacturing. The Lake Orion, Mi. plant, that produced the Chevt Malibu and Pontiac G6 - both great selling vehicles -  was closed and gutted by government demand and replaced by the slow selling Chevy Sonic. Both the Pontiac and Saturn name plates were gone. The Pontiac models sold well and Saturn finally had a design that moved people to their show rooms. The Olds and Hummer badge closing was probably over due, especially the Oldsmobile
Advice: Stay true to your core. In the early days of the company engineering ran the company, not accountants. This stayed as the norm until the mid '80's when accounting and one infamous account took charge of the company. We also remember Roger Smith and what he did which nearly killed the company prior to 2008. All of the GM vehicles looked like square boxes and the only way to distinguish a Chevy from a Old was by the badging. We do remember the "Cadillac" J car - a Chevy Cavalier  that could have ruined the Cadillac image.
Pros: They finally got it right when the lady they - the board - selected as CEO was a person with actual car manufacturing experience. Too many accountants had G.M. lose its identity as a design and engineering leader and they lost their role as a world leader in manufacturing. Ike, I believe, once said that whatever was good for GM was good for the country. I wish Mary Barra well

Cons: The entire job was horrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Awful leadership, hours and organization

Cons: Little to no room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, team environment and focus

Cons: Their are no bad experiences I can think of at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: *Flex Schedule
*Plenty PTO
*Great 40k Benefits 
*Annually Bonuses

Cons: Semi average pay. Promotions are stifled by the people currently in charge which may or may not be the best qualified for the position of interviewing people.
Advice: Change the hiring practice and possibly get more people.
Pros: It is an automotive company. Sacrifices to life schedules are just part of the industry. Not a bad job with semi average pay.

Cons: Detroit is cold in the winters
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, managers, work-life boundaries. It is an old company that is motivated to adopt new technologies and fresh perspectives.

Cons: Withing each business vertical/unit, a single manager determines an employees fate and are very subjective, directors within each vertical in the company wield too much power and run a class system especially Indian directors, they expect employees to be subservient, Indian managers are ruthless and operate like a mafia, if you don't belong to their mafia or pay obeisance you will never be promoted. Lack of clear career path and progression withing the company makes it possible for the mafia to hold employees on the same spot for years until you get frustrated and quit. Many employees spend 7 years with a consistent yearly rating of 'met expectations' and still not get promoted even though the employeee takes on stretch assignments that should warrant a rating of 'exceed expectations', they deliberately withold the 'exceed' rating to prevent the employee from having a basis for promotion.
Advice: 1.Investigate directors and managers who have employees that have not been promoted in 4 years. Employees with good ratings and no disciplinary issues should be promoted at least once  every four years.  2. Rotate directors and managers every 3 to 4 years to prevent the continuous perpetuation of their mafia. 3. Define and publish a clear career path and progression and set clear expectations  and metrics for each level.
Pros: Senior leadership has good policies, a good annual bonus, several holidays observed, 4 weeks vacation, unlimited sick days

Cons: The cars are kind of ugly
Advice: None
Pros: Cars are pretty cool I like them

Cons: Not many cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: The TRACK program allows you to experience so many different departments and interests around the company.

Cons: It can be hard sometimes
Advice: Be good
Pros: Good place to work Benefits
PTO
People

Cons: 6 day work week with long hours
Advice: None
Pros: great job with great pay

Cons: - management is hit or miss
- hard to rise up in the position without applying elsewhere in the company
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits
- unlimited sick days
- good pay
- working remote

Cons: People are too siloed in their expectations and directions.
Advice: None
Pros: There is an infinite amount of learning that you can do at such a large diverse company.

Cons: Stupid things like filling out weekly timesheet for fulltime employee ...In case forget it affects your reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Overall Good work culture and env

Cons: A little difficult when you start due to company size (really big company)
Advice: None
Pros: Company cares about ours as employees in all aspects (personal and professional)

Cons: Very large company with a lot of red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment and experience are fantastic

Cons: can be boring hard to move up or around
Advice: None
Pros: good pay not demanding understanding team

Cons: Less creative thinking and hard to standout for accomplishments.
Advice: None
Pros: Large Company with many internal opportunities. Good Benefits and stable employment.

Cons: No cons in my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Vision and mission are amazing. Company supports work/life balance

Cons: Not enough work to do sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: easy to get implemented into field

Cons: Pay is low, you’ll get overworked sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Not great for older employees. They will find less work for you to do and eventually find ways to let you go. They call it lay-off
Advice: None
Pros: The people are great. Team work is awesome

Cons: Large companies sometimes don’t move as quickly as one would like
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Excellent career advancement opportunities

Cons: Managers can be hit or miss.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is healthy and yearly cash bonus is usually very good.

Cons: Did not allow for much creativity
Advice: None
Pros: Paid a lot for little responsibility

Cons: there are too many political games
Advice: None
Pros: traditional company with convenient location

Cons: Internal processes move at snails pace. IT systems are antiquated and prevent you from accomplishing anything.
Advice: Get rid of all the locked down, on-prem, antiquated systems.  Move to open architecture, trust employees more.
Pros: Consistent slow pace, good work life balance

Cons: There are no cons its an awesome place to work
Advice: None
Pros: There is a lot of support and the company makes you feel welcomed.

Cons: Nepotism, and a lot of politics play
Advice: Remove the glass ceilings
Pros: New technology, products are fun.

Cons: Long shifts and weekend work for those who prefer 8 hour work shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Weekend work paying time and half

Cons: They'll reset your career by changing your work/technology/team every year or so to ensure they have a solid argument to never promote or give raises. If you do get raises or promotions; you'd get so much more elsewhere. Most leave GM for 20-40% pay increases. Their college-hire program is nice for the 3 years it lasts; leave immediately after.

GMIT claims to feels like a startup, but only in the capacity that middle management has no clue how to make decisions for it's teams, and it comes with the true fortune500 company-level shenanigan's for ensuring maximum output and minimal compensation.

Oh, and they love exploiting immigrant visa's. If i had a dollar for every immigrant they have in IT solo-supporting a legacy system at 80 hours a week avg workload that's also operations work so they never sleep consistently; I'd have a severance package worth talking about.

I acted as a psuedo-devManager to deliver an upgrade in Q1 while being paid as a regular software dev; I was let go in Q3 for refusing to turn into one of the 80 hour ops grinders. Know when it's time to leave. They will not give you severance.
Advice: fire everyone between dev manager and IT director; 7 years and I genuinely cant tell you what any of them do.
Pros: Health Benefits, their willingness to reset your career advancement if you wish to change roles horizontally, bonus structure.

College hire program.

Cons: pay, long work week, supervisors,
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits, benefits

Cons: Blame culture and not ready to be an innovator.
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous growth opportunity if you can manage to navigate politically. So many business units you can make great impact.

Cons: No concerns at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Just recently started working, have loved the process so far.

Cons: You have to wait 2 years to get hired in
Advice: None
Pros: Profit sharing bonus when hired in
Insurance for you and your family after 90 days

Cons: Old school senior leaders
High workload
Low base salaries for some groups
Advice: Inclusive with other point of views
Pros: Inclusive
New Projects
New Technologies
Home Office

Cons: Too much hierarchy and wish it was a flatter organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with flexible schedules

Cons: Management has disconnect from engineers. Unfeasible timeline.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team! New young blood and fresh ideas!

Cons: Long hours and sometimes it can be overwhelming.
Advice: Remember your workers are people too.
Pros: Great benefits. The pay is great 👍

Cons: Lay offs, no stability, long hours, unfair bosses, hard to get requested time off
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, profit sharing, paid vacation, overtime, tuition assistance

Cons: Can be overworked at times
Advice: Keep up the good work let’s get out these mask
Pros: Great pay great Insurance and can move up

Cons: DRE work can be demanding at times but overall it's manageable
At certain points in the product lifecycle, timelines can be a little stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits - Salary, Bonuses, Relocation Packages
Opportunities to advance within the company and to perform outreach in your community
Get to develop cool products

Cons: Nothing much to describe all fine
Advice: Good
Pros: Work culture and life balance

Cons: Some positions can become stale
Role does not always meet your level of education
Advice: None
Pros: Engaging community, Friendly coworkers, great facilities and Competitive salary

Cons: No cons I find so far
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment. Great pay and benefits and ample opportunistic to learn and grow

Cons: Long working hours, high pressure deliverables, 24/7 connected.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, work flexibility, career development opportunities.

Cons: Conservative work culture and slow pace in decision making.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Care peoples. Work and life balance.

Cons: public transportation in the area isn't great
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great, good WLB

Cons: Slow to change, everything tied to vehicle development process
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and benefits

Cons: Not really much to complain about it’s a job
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay good hours and very attentive

Cons: Communication with supervisors and other teams in relation to the day-to-day workings could stand to be improved a lot
Advice: Managers should work on communicating with each other more frequently instead of having developers interface between them
Pros: Benefits, lots of paid vacation

Cons: Here is a list of some downsides:

Too many 50 + people who don't want to retire. A lot of them great and a lot very old school, don't give room for improvement, are years behind in the industry;  Many older senior level management 8th and above who don't have a clue what is six sigma or GMS. Senior management seems to be old and unwilling to change with the times. There is a lack of diversity as everybody in the company; Most people close to 89 percent are from Michigan and have no clue what type cars are attractive in Texas or California;  Many layers of upper management; Lack of diversity 94 % white ,     5 % african american, 1.5 % latino, 3.5 % other
Advice: To be more open to new ideas. To recruit in different parts of the country. To change the old culture that we have in most of the plants.
Pros: You are able to pursue master's programs. Good place for young people to be in. Is a good place to advance your career. It seems to take a while but seems rewarding. Company is trying to bring in new ways of thinking. Very global and one of the biggest companies in the world. Benefits are great. Compensation is somewhat high. I work in a plant and make the same amount of money as my friends in consulting. Rick Wagoner seems to be a great CEO to work for and got his stuff together. Yes the company is not doing great but who is ?

Cons: The culture is old-fashioned. As a woman of color, I did not appreciate some of the comments and treatments I received. I did not want to argue or cause a scene with those individuals after being told that I was too "young", "woman", "sensitive" and "liked to overreact" and that that those qualities were "too woman-like" or that I "looked and acted very similarly" to other woman of color they knew. I tried to think what I did wrong, but could not find anything other than just being myself. I also don't think I was the only one who received these treatments after talking to my peers at GM.

I understand that the CEO is a woman and that some parts of the company are very progressive. I also understand that those individuals are from an era where not many women of color were engineers. However, My empathy was not enough to keep me at the company.
Advice: Cultural transformation, maybe through promoting positivity and diversity. I understand that GM is a for-profit company, but please try to provide more training and team building activities for people to be more positive, flexible, and accept differences. I don't think annual trainings and resource groups are enough.
Pros: GM is a huge company, so there are many chances to meet and network with other engineers. Work was very technical; as an engineer, I enjoyed my day-to-day work since there were lots of problem solving, data analysis, and teamwork.  Sometimes things were very fast-paced and other times not very much depending on where your vehicle was in the timeline.

Cons: Work life balance can be compromised
Advice: None
Pros: No micromanagement, promoting culture, generous, opportunities to learn a lot

Cons: Nothing negative to say so far
Advice: None
Pros: Best of the Detroit 3 automakers to work at

Cons: No innovation
No one cares about the company or product
No brainstorming
Everyone is looking out
Bad 401k plan
Advice: Hire new management
Get rid of Executives in Sunnyvale
Hire people who are innovative
If you want to compete with innovative companies like Lucid/ Tesla, bring big brains
Pros: There are no pros for this place

Cons: - do not care at all about career development even though they will preach to you that they do
- managers do not care at all about the big picture of the company 
- treat college hires like dirt and give them no responsibility at all 
- tell you its very easy to move around within the company if a role is not a fit for you, HUGE LIE 
- All processes are non existent yet you have to follow them....nuff said
- so many people in roles they are not qualified for and no one cares to train them 
- Training is a joke at this company and non existent for detailed skills 
- reward employees based on seniority not over intelligence and hard work

In the end all the "promises" used to get me to commit were all lies when I actually got to GM.
Advice: Actually care about turning around GM.  And show this in your actions.  Lead by example.  You all need to understand that the middle management (the people who are GM lifers 15+ years) have not and will not buy into the IT transformation therefor they should be fired, period.  Otherwise the company will go under...again.
Pros: not many.  A good pay for a job right out of college.  Young environment since they have hired about 3,000 college hires nationally in the past year for IT.

Cons: Poor team size for projects
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing to note over all

Cons: Sometimes, you have no work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, benefits. Pay is competitive, and unlimited PTO.

Cons: not easy to get promote especially for young people
Advice: None
Pros: Every friendly work environment and flexible schedule to easy balance life and work

Cons: Pretty low salary for tech, hard to get promoted
Advice: Advocate for higher compensation to retain talented people
Pros: Work life balance is great, vacation is great and unlimited sick days

Cons: Sometimes pre-existing processes can slow down your job and add unnecessary complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Great people &amp; solid leadership, good opportunity to move around and focus on certain areas of automotive.

Cons: Low pay and high work
Advice: None
Pros: big company, lots of new hires

Cons: 4 week vacation is set from start to finish at the company
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot through rotations

Cons: It is a truely depressing environment. The decades of job cutting in this company has created an environment where each and every employee that remains to have to do the work of 3 or more people in every position no matter what department you work in. This is compounded by bureacratic outdated work methods that you must follow or you will be likely put in a performance improvement program that represents the last step before being walked out the door. If you go to work here, you better like the position you hire into because employees are repeatedly blocked from moving to other positions within the company (including promotional opportunities) that are posted on GM's own website. Additionally, they frequently arm-twist salaried employees to work Saturdays/Sundays for free in many departments. 401 K match is frequently reduced as a cost savings measure. It is obvious from their recent highly publicized near bankruptcy they will never recover so why would you want to work for a company that is in that position?  I personally witnessed many employees leave this company to go work for "normal companies" and are now very happy. Nobody that leaves ever misses GM...trust me I know of many examples. Stay away from this company at all costs. Garbage picking out of a trash can is more enjoyable than working for them.
Advice: Leave before the Titanic sinks...Truely the expression that the grass is greener on the other side applies here!
Pros: Health Benefits are comparable to middle of the road companies, but there is a clause stating that any or all benefits can be rescinded at any time for any reason at the employers discretion. The pay is fairly benchmarked with other large companies. 401 K match is competitive during good times.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Keep the work/life balance by continuing to allow salary employees to work from home.
No vaccine mandates > at the very least, allow for testing! Don't lose good people...
Pros: Great company with a legendary product line
Great benefits and salary
Some year we get a bonus
Engineers work from home

Cons: Limited work life balance to progress.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced work environment opportunity.

Cons: There are no cons to working at GM
Advice: Pretty much work for it
Pros: Working with people around me

Cons: Stock availability, lead time, consistency
Advice: None
Pros: Great vehicles ,customer service, satisfaction, driven ,professional

Cons: Location not as attractive as west or east coasts.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Flexibility of work hours, People

Cons: its great working there for real
Advice: i dont have no advice
Pros: to make money to pay some bills

Cons: Hard to make an impact
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to settle in, great benefits

Cons: There is nothing much for growing
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and good for beginners

Cons: I could not find anything wrong with this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work in the USA

Cons: there are not many downsides working here
Advice: Incentivize growth through bonuses
Pros: Great Leaders
Team Oriented
Great learning environment

Cons: Difficult to get into next level
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits like 401k, leaves etc

Cons: Very little room for growth. 
Not work-from-home friendly, executives place emphasis on a work-from-work culture. 
LOTS of red tape and approvals to get through for almost any and every project. Requesting access to data/environments can become a pain. 
Work/projects can vary throughout your time with the company and change dramatically. I was hired as a BI developer on  a reporting &amp; analytics team, then somehow our team transitioned from doing analytics to operations support. We were given projects with almost no regards for our individual skill sets. People on different teams could be traded at any time like baseball players.
Advice: Treat teams of people like PEOPLE rather than like cogs you can float around to fit in any spot. Allow your employees to work from home at least once or twice a week. If you can't trust your employees to work when they're at home, why hire them in the first place?
Pros: Great benefits. Very good health insurance, 401K matching (8% -- but a THREE year vesting period), vacation time (start with 15 days, 20 days after 2 years of service), unlimited sick days (don't come from PTO), and a pretty good performance bonus. 

Good work/life balance. 

The team I had the pleasure of landing on was a dream. Younger team, between the ages of roughly 25-30, with great chemistry. My direct manager was a dream to work for, and genuinely seemed to care for each of his direct reports personally and professionally, but other teams could be much different.

Cons: Long and hectic work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Above average bonus
Good health benefit

Cons: no benefits no benefits no benefits
Advice: None
Pros: great team great team great team

Cons: Internal growth 
Career opportunities 
Might get repetitive
Advice: Work out Career plans
Pros: Interesting role 
Work life Balance 
Great leadership 
Positive work culture

Cons: To be lied on lied to acting like I'm ok if I'm not ignoring bad behavior
Advice: None
Pros: Cleaning caring helping people minding my business

Cons: It's shift work. Some like it and some don't.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and benefits. Overtime available.

Cons: Company still has some Silos
Advice: None
Pros: Work Environment is excelente. Leadership is awesome.

Cons: Slow promotions, directors don’t leave so limited advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Company car, interesting work, strong

Cons: Bad management with poor people skills.
Advice: None
Pros: Flex hours &amp; interesting work sometimes.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, comp lags compared to tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, interesting work and products.

Cons: None yet since I just started
Advice: Not applicable
Pros: Good hours, good pay, good benefits

Cons: you'll get yourself into trouble by having an opinion about gm products.
Advice: None
Pros: great salary and benefits with yearly profit sharing (teamGM benefits)

Cons: Not the most competitive pay available
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, great benefits, good bonuses

Cons: Not much - more flexibility with WFH
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary based on a low LCOL. TC does not compare with FAANG

Cons: Better onboarding experience for new hires with an assigned mentor/buddy from day one to set them up for success.
Advice: None
Pros: Great for entry level engineers.
Great benefits.
Awesome managers and coworkers.

Cons: There are no cons as it is very professional environment.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great Work Environment, Very flexible hours.

Cons: Fast paced environment at times
Advice: N/a
Pros: Good work environment, lots of opportunities, great training, great benefits

Cons: The hours are very long. As an manufacturing supervisor during the summer, I work anywhere from ten to thirteen hours a day. I also tend to work Saturdays and about a Sunday a month. The most frustrating thing about working at GM is the communication disconnect between the UAW and management and from the floor to upper management. Supervisors and other management are simpleminded in their pursuit of attaining production numbers (ie. 2400 parts a shift). They often know what's wrong with machines, what causes delays and what creates scrap but they don't want to shut off the machines to fix them properly. There are enough "bad eggs" to make working at GM frustrating (it is pretty much impossible to get fired).
Advice: GM really needs to listen to its workers. These workers have valuable and unique knowledge. Also, contrary to popular management belief, 90% of workers want to do their jobs well. They don't need to be babysat, they need support.
Pros: GM really is an international company and there are plenty of chances to work abroad on ISP assignments. The company really is growing in countries like China, for example. The pay at GM is also good and employees get decent discounts on GM cars and other gadgets and services.  You can find some very dedicate people in both management and in the UAW. There are people who have dedicated 30+ years to the company and those people are always willing to help. As an intern, I also get the chance to tour other facilities and give input into future projects.

Cons: Most of the time you are constricted with cumbersome procedures / directives of the day.  The procedures / directives come from countless sources, and most of the time have the personality of the responsible executive, or something that was interrupted by one of the executive's minions.  These rouge procedures / directives are difficult to get through, and most of the time are misinterpretations, or will change before anyone understands them.  The new phenomenon is that employees are scared to challenge these misguided procedures / directives, and countless hours are wasted on them.
Upper Management can be more like a dictatorship than leadership.
Advice: It is understood that you are "in charge".  It is time to start leading by guiding the people that are there to help, instead of driving loyal, dedicated people into comatose minions providing dogmatic output.   Instead of thinking "they just don't get it", you should make the people understand what it is that they do not get.  In the process you will grow that person, gain their trust, and have a mutual understand that will progress the company forward.  If you do not, you could be the limiting factor.   Also, maybe try elevating the individuals that people want to follow, and not the individuals that are right for you.
Pros: The engineering work is interesting, as it would be any OEM.  Vehicles are changing rapidly, and there are many challenging and learning opportunities within the automotive industry.  It is an exciting market to be in.

Cons: From the beginning, there was little to no work to be done at GM. I spent months without any projects or real purpose there. As time went on I found my niche on a good team of dedicated and hardworking employees in the manufacturing area. However the entire time, management was inconsistent and dishonest regarding projects and performance. I was told that I would be receiving a poor mid-year performance review because my team was over-performing and I was an excelling employee, but not enough. Because of this review, I was laid off, literally my manager's words. There are many reasons why you shouldn't work for this company, but the primary being, they are short-sighted and close-minded. If you wish to be treated like an adult, then don't work here.
Advice: Treat your employees like adults. I was kept in the dark about pay raises, bonuses, lay-offs, performance, and projects, the entire time I was employed at GM. How are employees supposed to work well if there is no visibility and clarity? It is sad. GM could be so good, but there is no trust and it poisons the entire organization. Why hire someone if you don't trust they will get the job done?
Pros: GM provided me with good resources to further educate myself and the time to do so. I also met some great people there. To be quite frank, the people I worked with made it tolerable to work there and I don't know how I would've got on without it.

Cons: Very poor IT.  Hardware and Software restrictions are extreme.  Design process is extremely bad.  Have suppliers/vendors doing the same thing as internal folks.  Feels more like competition than collaboration. 
Company totes the "One Team" phrase but is rarely carried out.  Many times you really get the sense that people do not want to help or even like their jobs.  Director/Management along with senior level folks are very overrated, condescending,  alot of talk/no action folks.   More time spent on presentations for leadership than the actual product that goes into the vehicles.   They do not know how to properly manage the people/content that they are assigned to oversee, directly affecting the product.   Do not work here if you want to grow as a visual designer.   You most likely will not even be doing design work, rather tedious production work.   A Lot of overpaid and under worked individuals.  Seems to be a very high turnover rate for the people that care about what they do and are good at it.
Advice: Management needs restructuring.  Design group managers should have knowledge of what they oversee. Very bad!  GM is a company that wants to be seen as a tech company rather than just an automaker,  they have a long, long road ahead of them.  Far too many dinosaurs/old way of thinking people.
Pros: Great 401k, Up to 8% employer contribution.   Great Bonus.  Good paid vacation.

Cons: Plant life it hard and transitioning into a role outside the plant can be very difficult and for some people impossible.

Leadership often tries to steer  people's careers in the direction they believe it should go in.

Despite a very large and expensive effort to transform and improve the organizational culture, the effects are not being seen at the plant level. 

The high salary you get for working in the plants comes at a price. We have some of the best health care benefits in the industry because we put out bodies on the line working 7 days a week and sometimes 12 hours a day pounding the concrete. The stress level makes people sick. Many supervisors and managers take sick leave for foot, knee, or hip surgeries. Healthy people under the age of 40 have heart attacks. This work is not for the faint of heart and I don't believe it's meant to be done for more than 5 to 7 years.
Advice: Recognize plant workers as real people. They are not some how indestructible or have magic powers just because they do a physically and mentally harder job than people in administrative functions.
Pros: Salaried employees working in plants make overtime in addition to their base pay which gives the potential to make tens of thousands of dollar more per year

The health care benefits include vision and dental. There's also an HSA option.
401K Matching is some of the highest out of any of the other large companies.

Most salaried employees are eligible for some type of annual raise even if it's small.

Cons: Terrible health care costs, expects a lot of hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great paid holidays, work from home

Cons: very hard work, slave company
Advice: learn to appreciate employees more
Pros: this job doesn’t have any pros

Cons: Slow to progress through the company. It's big and is a slow moving ship.
Advice: Build Efficiency
Pros: Enjoyable work, that is fulfilling with a good balance

Cons: Not as forward thinking as advertised.
Promises as far as industry goes are unfulfilled.
Poor follow through.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, hours, employees, woke/life balance.

Cons: a bit of a learning curve
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunities, always interesting work

Cons: To much forced overtime it’s draining
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, good teamwork, lots of overtime

Cons: Lay off regularly. Overtime in busy seasons.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly employees. Nice working environment.

Cons: The culture on the shop floor is not for the timid. Diiversity  is more prominent in the UAW than management.
Advice: Team Leaders need more support from management.Y Group Leaders need to be  accountable for there Teams taking advantage of Team Leaders. You put Team Leaders in awkward position by giving them management tasks but no power to do anything about it. Also Team Leaders need educated on how to deal with difficult Team Members, & when you have a habitual offending Team, Management needs to deal directly with the situation & not tiptoe around it, just because they are afraid they will turn down Over Time. Making a Team watch a movie about Diversity won't work, you have to specifically call them out on their specific actions otherwise there is never a team that can work as a real team because they are working against the Team Leaders purposely. If you have a Group Leader who has personal knowledge of these situations & does nothing about it they are just as Guilty in creating the Hostile work environment & that is not good management. A GM employee should be able to go to work & do their job to the best of their ability with no drama. Management should shut drama down bite it in the bud before it gets out of control! This is a nightmare waiting to happen, also a lawsuit!
Pros: The benefits package, education & training are at your finger tips, always trying to become a better company

Cons: Slow advancement in career, stress
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, time-off, work-life balance

Cons: If they don't like you they will make up problems against you. Union only protects favorite people.
Advice: If your are a good at being a manager there, don't worry, they will figure out how to get rid of you.
Pros: Good Salary and Benefits, Close

Cons: Not a competitive salary for IT
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to start, they will teach you everything you need to know for the job.

Cons: The company is great and there are alot of hours available
Advice: None
Pros: Love it love it love it

Cons: Be careful with management for anything
Advice: good senior management
Pros: good to work there part-time

Cons: I don't see any cons yet.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the culture and environment. Very friendly.

Cons: This is an old corporation, so culture needs to be updated
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, bonus, benefits, time offs

Cons: GM does not like free spirits .
Advice: Don’t assume if a job is getting done, that the assigned employee is doing it.
Pros: Good benefits, can finish job in 30 hours.

Cons: Individual technical carrier growth after senior developer level is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, bonus, and benefits

Cons: Complex organization
Old school middle management
Advice: None
Pros: great rewards and benefits
Great vision

Cons: None at all, I love it here
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great managers, great vacation time.

Cons: Older co-workers , not many people my age
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, hybrid, life + work balance

Cons: not a lot of room for innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Great Team environment very tech focused

Cons: Some days can be much longer depending on work load.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Inclusive Work Environment and Culture

Cons: They are phasing out of military electronics.
Advice: Get back into military electronics.
Pros: Benefits are great for retirees.

Cons: it is a tasking job.you need to be ready
Advice: give more opportunities to employees to grow and develop their skills
Pros: Benefits ,Bonus union opportunity to grow

Cons: Work Environment work environment, local cults at facilities
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits

Cons: workload, time, stress, management, travel
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility, benefits, co-workers, education, skills

Cons: There seems to be two different GMs in terms of IT. There are those that achieve management level and those that get pushed hard to do the all of the work. Those in management tend to make it into that level based upon their ability to become friends with their current manager. If you do a good job of kissing up to and becoming friends with your current manager, then there is a chance you too can become a manager in a couple of years and attain higher pay, job security, and have no real work to do. These promotions are never based upon potential management skill level or previous job performance or respect level from your peers. This is an extreme source of stress for the 90% of the IT workforce that is doing the actual work. Basically, you could work at GM for years and do a great job and add tremendous value to the organization, but if your pay increases too much you will be let go if you have not had a friend in management that moves you into a management role. It is quite stunning how this two tiered cast system of managers and those the managers push to continuously to work harder is pervasive throughout GM. It is the cause also of great inefficiency and poor planning because managers are in place that should not be in those positions. Those workers see how bad the managers are at doing their jobs and also see how those managers have less work than them. It is the cause of great stress and job dissatisfaction.
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation time and sick day policies are good.

Cons: Lack of communication, Very Little Transparency from higher up’s to employees
Advice: Communicate more
Pros: Great Benefits, Great Healthcare, Great Profit Sharing.

Cons: - They like the work from work culture. It would be difficult to get a 100% remote job here.
Advice: None
Pros: - Good pay
- Good benefits
- Job stability

Cons: Very hard on your body, work 6 days is much
Advice: Learn how to treat people with respect
Pros: You get holidays off, alot of overtime

Cons: no cons to report now
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance time

Cons: Lower wage than the industry average.
Advice: none.
Pros: Amazing onboarding program for new hires. Kind people in the workplace. Amazing Benefits

Cons: Could have been more accommodating at times
Advice: None
Pros: I liked working there for the most part

Cons: In general, GM is not a well run company with many obvious areas for improvement that senior management seemingly chooses to ignore. Additionally, there are very few opportunities for advancement even for talented employees. The reason for this is that as the company has gotten smaller it has also gotten very top heavy. There are a large number of managers and senior executives with seemingly little responsibility. Many of these managers have few employees that they supervise and their responsibilities are only slightly greater than those of the employees they supervise. As a result, it is difficult for younger employees to be promoted to leadership positions because there are already too many managers and not enough employees.
Advice: GM should get out of the business of fighting fires and get into the business of having a real vision and strategy for the future.
Pros: The people that work for GM are generally capable, respectful, and congenial. It is a great place to work if you are looking for a nice and welcoming work environment. People are always willing to help one another on projects or with questions. The managers also genuinely care about their employees and want them to be happy and successful as much as possible. There is also a great technical education program for those who are interested. It is possible to complete advanced degrees and improve one's skills conveniently and at very little cost. Finally, the working hours can be very flexible for those who have special circumstances or when unexpected events arise.

Cons: - Big, change is slow
- Pockets of energy and ambition but hard to connect the pockets into a cohesive force
- Apathy and inertia: got told a few times to be more patient and accept that things move slowly. Was not interested in watching years of my life churn away
- Project scope: the product is huge, the timelines are long, the vendors are many and as such you often end up with a tiny part. Or wrangling suppliers 24/7
Advice: None
Pros: Change is slow, especially in a company as big as GM but they know that and you can see signs of GM actively trying to change the culture, work environment, branding, image, etc. and, for the most part, succeeding. I worked at GM for about a year and left not because of anything terrible but because it just wasn't a good fit. But the good stuff I saw: 
- Growth opportunity: met many people who had moved around roles/departments/careers within GM. GM not only lets you move but seemed to actively encourage it. CEO Mary Barra herself worked everywhere from manufacturing to HR
- Benefits: amazing 401K matching (if you stay for 3 years), great health, vacation, etc. 
- Generally flexible work culture. Most teams didn't seem to mind if you had to work from home for whatever reason (illness, weather, traffic, etc.) 
- Great leadership: I had great managers who were very supportive in my work and my eventual decision to leave

Cons: none cons so far to share
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with a good product

Cons: Can be stressful, can take sometime to learn job.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home helps work life balance.,

Cons: NOT A STABLE JOB!! If you are young this isn’t a place for you
Advice: None
Pros: Make lots of money, great insurance

Cons: Long hours, no OT, stressed managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits keeps employees

Cons: Pay could be better for a tech role
Advice: Better pay
Pros: Lots of training opportunities and ability to learn a lot. Coworkers are super nice and understanding. Great work life balance

Cons: Long hours no time off
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit to have at this job

Cons: Too much work too uptight
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits good environment good people

Cons: Money
Mobility
Work variety/interest
No remote work
Little upward opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Easy to transfer
Multiple locations

Cons: Too much Politics, back stabbing, ugly culture .. too much work is assigned for people who and others dont do any work...
Favoritism rules...
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work on some interesting projects

Cons: Red tape
Good ol boys network still rules
Despite SAYING they want honest feedback, they still only want good news going back up the chain.
Advice: None
Pros: Industry leading vision
Commitment to set trends

Cons: No loyalty to people or work ethic
Advice: Be nicer
Pros: There are no pros except

Cons: Pay is not really compensated for the cost of living in Austin Texas
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment
Great people
Lots of young folk

Cons: U have to stinkin work
Advice: None
Pros: U got a stinking job

Cons: Poor hourly pay for the LOC. Still in negotiations for new contract for almost a year.  Poor working conditions for the LOC
Advice: Give praise when needed, develop communication with workers. Come out from behind the desk.
Pros: Great work schedule, paid holidays

Cons: No cons in regards to working here
Advice: None
Pros: This is an excellent company to work for.

Cons: Nothing really comes to my mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture. Definitely a fun place to work.

Cons: Direction is always changing, lots of wasted work
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, decent pay, competitive time off

Cons: Low pay, less than the average.
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, amazing benefits and 401k

Cons: A lot of workers have been there a very long time so networking is key and breaking into those circles if you are going to be successful
Advice: None
Pros: Got to learn a lot about the car manufacturing industry and even had a chance to tour the assembly lines

Cons: Work a lot of long hours and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent salary and medical benefits

Cons: none issues. solid mgmt team
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work at

Cons: No Cons. No Cons. No Cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great place to work

Cons: Very big company. Sometimes hard to fit in
Advice: None
Pros: Great rotational program for new grads

Cons: Pay is not up to mark.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and work life balance

Cons: A lot of standing but a station is at every job
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Great pay
As much over time as you want

Cons: Limited flexibility for plant roles, compensation for new grad hires matching employees with 5+ years experience/ company loyalty
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, work life balance, work from home opportunities

Cons: Uninteresting job, too focused on evs
Advice: None
Pros: Good team dynamics and helpful bosses

Cons: No downside to working at GM
Advice: N/A
Pros: Good benefits, pay, WLB, culture

Cons: - As of May 2019, all the software engineers &amp; developers have to take production support 24 hours and that pissed off lots of developers and lots of them already quit
- No growth. I have been working as Senior software engineers for 4 years and I did not see anybody promoted within. 
- They do not offer free coffee. You have to bring your own or pay them $80 for 6 months
- Their cafeteria food is very expensive, i.e. $12 for burger alone.
- Every year, you have to achieve 70% of your bonus, otherwise you will land in Performance Improvement Plan (PFI). No second chance available, if you land in PFI again. 
- I know lots of good developers being force to quit because of PFI. Your manager have to like you to avoid PFI. Too many favoritism involved. 
- ZERO work from home/Flexibility availability. You must be in office 
- They have laid off 40% of the workforce in February (search the GM news). They have been boasting about laid-off since October, that led many GM employee to quit in fear of laid-off.
- One month after massive layoff, they are massive hiring and I see 40+ position opening.  
- If you are in project for over a year, and you decide to change manager/project, its super hectic to get approval from your current manager.
- Absolutely no work life balance after they announced that everybody have to do 24/7 Production Support.
Advice: If you don't like your employee, please give them second chance to work under different manager.
Pros: Their salary is OK but not competitive in market.

Cons: no real con for the job
Advice: Keep doing the same thing
Pros: Work life balance is nice

Cons: low pay for most people kinda sucks
Advice: None
Pros: worklife balance is more on balance

Cons: Large company pros and cons
Advice: None
Pros: Work on amazing projects with great potential

Cons: Pay is what you'd expect in Automotive
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Culture, Opportunities, PTO and Holidays

Cons: - If you are not friends with management you will not get good raises or bonuses
- I know people on my team that worked very hard and did majority of the work in certain areas of our application but did not get a raise simply because other people were friends with our manager and the money went to them
- A lot of time wasted on future job goals and your manager does not do anything about it. I have told my manager I wanted to work more on front-end and API more than 5 times and he said "These discussions are more for your benefit not mine."
- I said it earlier but I will say it again, be friends with management other wise you will not benefit as much as others 
- Reorganizations happen every year there
- A lot of things you do are based off the CIOs metrics. They don't care what you think as long as their metrics are where they want
Advice: - Be fair. If employees work hard give them the raise and bonus they deserve
Pros: - 20 vacation days (you have to use them every year or your lose them. It makes it nice because management knows and normally doesn't care when you take them)
- 16-17 paid holidays in addition to vacation time (you get voting day off, enough said)
- Friendly environment
- $45 a month for health care (banner network only, there is an option for other networks as well)

Cons: There were a bunch of unkept promises. They sell you on the fact that moving between teams is an easy option if you get bored or want to try something new. Not so easy. I worked at GM for over four years and spent over two trying to switch teams. The new college hire program could use work too. Many people just get placed on teams and into positions that don’t even align with what they learned in college. You end up with people in developer roles that aren’t developers, and developers that are placed in tester positions, etc.
Advice: Place people in positions where their skillset aligns. Instead of just throwing bodies on teams, take more time up front to place them in positions where they can grow and contribute right away. Also if you say that you can easily switch around teams, make that apparent or don’t sell the idea that it is simple when really it is not. It is easy to get pigeonholed if you aren’t careful and looking out for yourself and your own career.
Pros: This was my first job out of college and for a first job, it was a good one. I got to learn a lot and work with some nice and talented people. The facility in Chandler is nice and new and close to plenty of food options near by. The benefits and yearly bonus are some of the best around.

Cons: Union caters to under performing individuals
Advice: None
Pros: $$ and Benefits are great

Cons: No cons, great place to scale a long term career.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and great place to work.

Cons: hours fun work tme play
Advice: none all good
Pros: work, pay , benefits, work time fun

Cons: Very large company, good luck setting yourself apart
Advice: None
Pros: Good Advancement, constant rotations into other positions

Cons: Slow moving implementation and product updates. Below average response times to resolving major issues and improving customer experience. Rollouts occur without proper QA or critical thinking.  Failure to address issues with resolutions when things go wrong. Being expected to work 140% of your 40-hour week, based the negotiated salary at signup. Living below the poverty line in America's most expensive city. Not much room for advancement. It's not what you know, it's who you know. Working in an environment that doesn't reward hard work beyond the occasional pat on the back. Not being recognized for feedback that eventually benefits the improvement of operations as a whole. Unreliable IT department.
Advice: Test product designs and explores sufficient QA for updates pre-release. Ask for qualitative feedback about added features or tools with internal teams who use and interact with consumer products BEFORE implementing a rollout. 

Improve user experience before implementing or pivoting business models. Create long-term solutions (not quick fix band-aids). Accept feedback and suggestions from employees at all levels. Encourage more underachievers to become overachievers at all levels. Train employees on company infrastructure expectations, partnership products, and best practices.
Pros: Having a major automobile manufacturer on your resume. Being immersed in a pre-autonomous environment. Employee, friends, and family discount on a new or CPO purchase. Great teamworking culture in a progressive environment. Unlimited financing and a strong partnership network of necessary resources.  Sponsored education and Executive MBA program included in benefits. RSP matching. Above average annual bonuses.

Cons: There are no stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k matching, health insurance, HSA

Cons: Slow in implementation of new technology
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and work culture

Cons: Not very transparent in aspects of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to get experience

Cons: Everything is good nothing is bad
Advice: You are doing well
Pros: Nice staff and good salary

Cons: Not a bad thing to say.
Advice: None
Pros: this was a great company to work for.

Cons: None till now and hope that continues
Advice: None
Pros: Great team , remote working

Cons: Base pay is a little low, but high yearly raises and a huge relocation lump sum help with that
Advice: None
Pros: Great relocation benefits, 401k and health insurance

Cons: Salary could be higher but non-negotiable for entry level positions.
Advice: None
Pros: There was a good location for the innovation center in Phoenix and for other states if you travel.

Cons: bad hours as ptt. management uses as temp
Advice: None
Pros: easy job good money nice people

Cons: Bending all the time hurts
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay a lot of money

Cons: lots of change in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: Can’t change positions in the NCH program in the first year if you’re not doing what you like.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, pay, wlb, &amp; many opportunities to learn.

Cons: Nothing that I can think
Advice: Shape up or ship out
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: If you expect to be placed in a team where you will perform the same task day after day, GM may not be the best place for you.
The building is old and has some leaks form the roof when it rains. 
Sometimes we are expect to work on the weekends when we deploy applications. You don't have to go to the office and can work from home.
Advice: I think the management is taking the company in the right direction.
Pros: Started working for GM 6 months ago as a Java Software developer and was assigned to a team responsible for “moving” applications from outside vendors to GM (Data Center Transfomration). It is VERY challenging environment. The team I am working on is absolutely the best. I perform various tasks such as: web development, quality control, writing technical documentation, and talking to customers to access their needs. At GM you are expected to learn fast and remain flexible. My manager frequently checks on my progress and cares about my professional development. I feel that I am successful, as the first application I worked on was deployed and I feel that I am making a difference. My manager is always available for assistance and is encouraging me every step of the way.

Cons: The culture is very difficult and change doesn't happen. Decisions are based on events going back to the 80s. The department had a culture of fear.
Advice: None
Pros: Unique benefits including company car, gas, insurance

Cons: slow to get anything done or complete
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy culture and people were happy

Cons: Worked long hours due to global calls at night and fire drills during the week and weekend.
Advice: None
Pros: Allowed autonomy in terms of work location

Cons: Management is big mess
They strive on process rather than results . It’s a process oriented company rather result oriented especially in IT dept
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and salary is good.

Cons: Long hours and non flexible schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of career development and room for growth!

Cons: Because general motors is so big and old, that is part of its success but also part of its failure.  It has to manage a large number of people and models all over the world and it seems like it is doing a bad job of this.  Because it has been around a long time, its employees are proud of what they do and where they work.  This is good but is also bad because new ideas from fresh employees are discouraged and thus the fresh employees lose their creativity and the fresh ideas are non existent and thus the company continues to build the same products over and over and do not adapt to the changing consumer.
Advice: Listen to fresh ideas because you're way out of touch with the world.  Encourage employees to present fresh ideas.
Pros: General Motors is a large manufacturing company and employs thousands of people.  Thus, there is lots of opportunity to grow and learn the different facets of manufacturing if that is what you want to do.  They have awesome buildings and loyal people who have helped this company function for 100 years.  They pay a good salary and have one of the best total overall compensation packages anywhere.  They have lots of experienced people who are proud of what they do and where they work and you can almost always find someone to relate to and there is a good sense of camraderie at the company.

Cons: Lots of pressure in manufacturing facility
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and lots of overtime

Cons: Body strain, sore muscles, loud environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Good hours
Diverse work
If you put the time and effort into it, this is a good job

Cons: Lots of work, always busy never finished
Advice: None
Pros: Good benifits, learns a lot from people

Cons: Relatively low pay, small increase especially for internal promotion.
Advice: None
Pros: Good career development, good life work balance

Cons: lack of benefits, use of personal vehicle
Advice: None
Pros: People, workspace, advertising, professionalism and knowledge base

Cons: too much demand at times
Advice: None
Pros: good management, very flexible and the ability to learn new skills on a daily basis

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Easy and straight forward process

Cons: Corporate greed, hard to get raises, no room for growth, pay low for job responsibilities required and expectations
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are good, they're very diverse, great individuals that work for the company

Cons: Tons of politics, secretive changes, favoritism, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Varies widely depending on organization, direct supervisor

Cons: Pay could be much better than it is
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great culture, high internal mobility, good benefits

Cons: GM is desperate to hire a LOT of IT resources: developers, network engineers, project managers, and so on. The desperation to hire thousands of technical workers drives questionable things to happen, as its so hard to hire technical talent in the first place.

GM cold called me to apply at GM. So I listened to the recruiter, applied, got job, loved the hiring manager, and what I was doing...for one week.

After ONLY ONE WEEK, some other project wasn't going well. Management rotated 1 worker off the project, and told me I'd be reporting to a different manager, and doing something unrelated to my job title and what I was told I would be doing. My offer letter with who I reported to and my job title meant nothing. 

I complained to HR, to management, and to the recruiters...nobody cared to make things right, only to force me to report to someone other than my hiring manager, and do a job far less technical than I was hired for, making several technical certifications and my past technical experience irrelevant.
Advice: When you give a candidate a job offer in writing of who they report to and what they do, don't change that one week later. That's misrepresentation of employment.

if you can't figure out / project what resources should be on what projects, you have some serious project management problems.

Keep burning new hires, and you'll get a reputation in the technical community...or perhaps you already have a poor reputation, and that's why I got the cold call because you're having problems hiring technical talent.
Pros: Cafeterias are great. Co-workers friendly and helpful. Bathrooms clean.

Cons: Way too many people. They hired 130 new hires out of college for 2014. You do not have the option to work from home. GM also has a culture of pretending to be busy, they don't exactly assign you too much work or provide adequate mentorship/supervision. This leads to a lot of poor candidates/hires that are either not knowledgeable about IT processes/ development/ systems analysis/ SQL(DBA)/ etc. By hiring that many people to fill their new innovation centers, GM ends up hiring way too much under-qualified individuals, with the end result of an ineffective in-house IT. Internal systems are also slow/overwhelmed/simply cannot keep up with the large number of employees and new hires enrolling for courses and classes.
Advice: Hire less people, retain better talent. The company is already too big, do yourself a favor and be more selective with the people you pick to work for you. You don't need 7 new hires on the same IT team.
Pros: Excellent benefits. Get to drive GM cars for free for up to one week. Up to 8% 401K matching, with a $1500 FSA account bonus if you enroll in a physical within November of your first year (wellness credit).  Also eligible for $3000 in bonuses every 6 months, for up to your first three years as a new hire. Starting salary is also competitive.

Cons: Bad culture
Political environment
Not a good place for growth
Not a tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
Interesting products
Their teams are so large, you will not be overwhelmed

Cons: Its a really big company so change is slow.  Also, you can feel disconnected from upper management cause there are so many levels.  Since there are so many levels it seems sometimes upper management doesn't make the best decisions, compared to if they were an engineer working on the actually program.  Also hybrids was moving towards being process driven, which is good because it makes sure people think about that they do, but really can slow down work an innovation as well.
Advice: My personal manager was excellent!  Helped my career, gave me advice, and I could be open and honest with him.  If every manager was like him, GM would be the best place to work at I could think of.

To upper management, make sure to stay connected to lower level engineers (7 and below) because sometimes your decisions really don't make sense to us, and I feel if you listened to the reasons why, you might agree and not make the bad decisions that later have to be reversed or fixed.
Pros: There are definitely some benefits to woking at GM, 4 weeks of vacation, a big company with big resources when they want to use them, good salaries, good bonuses.  I worked in the hybrid division and it was a fast paced area that was full of innovation.

Cons: Salary is low for the work everyone makes a different amount and it’s a secret
Advice: Take responsibility for your employees happiness it’s on you
Pros: Benefits are good vacation good

Cons: Working weekends is probable for a lot of roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture and the ability to move up within the company.

Cons: Lots of stress and people pushing their way to the top
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance generally

Cons: Winter months and salt on cars
Advice: None
Pros: Great flexibility when it comes to schedule

Cons: Hard to get the shift you want
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of overtime, Great people to work with

Cons: Listening to people complain yet never leave.
Advice: None
Pros: Assembly at GM is probably the easiest job I've ever had. Do your job and go home

Cons: salary in the software industry is not as competitive
Advice: None
Pros: good exposure to the vehicle industry

Cons: long working hours, old manufacturing equipment
Advice: None
Pros: Family atmosphere appreciative managers good pay

Cons: Location not suitable for me personally 
Compensation not on par with software companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance 
Supporting Collegues 
Exciting work

Cons: Hard work and sometimes it was dangerous
Advice: None
Pros: Good money to keep bills paid

Cons: Slow organizational structure, confusing organizational structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, empowerment, ventures properly funded

Cons: Too much emphasis on non-work related behaviors and activities
Advice: None
Pros: Electric Vehicle and software emphasis

Cons: Sometimes you can be working long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Work from Home
Opportunity for growth

Cons: GM seems to lack a general plan for future growth.  They have made improvements with the UAW but the union still controls much of the play especially in North America.  You don't get the feel that the cost cutting initiatives are being done at all levels - execs are still flying company planes when they could fly commercial - still driving company cars and getting gas paid for - great perks - but sends the wrong message to the rest of the organization.  Not sure that the other regions of the globe can carry the burden of what has taken place in NA.
Advice: Get tough on the union, expect more from yourselves and your people (i.e. still flying company planes, driving company cars, etc) - it's beyond time to get really serious about cost cutting.
Pros: There are many different types of jobs at GM.  You can move around relatively easily if you are at lower levels in the organization but it gets harder as you move up the ladder.  The people here are generally ok - but - there is still alot of dead weight in the organization as a whole. Some of the best engineers I have worked with have been at GM.  Until recently, the benefits were great and very competitive.  It's cool to work on cars / trucks - very challenging adn fulfilling when you can see your product on the road.

Cons: nothing bad to say great work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance and good work culture

Cons: No real work happening 
Everyone is constantly looking for the next internal job transfer
Advice: Need new management from outside of Michigan
Pros: Great work life balance 
Easy to switch jobs internally

Cons: Nothing I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome people to learn from, company takes care of it's people and sets them up for success with tools and resources.

Cons: You only make the great pay if you are grandfathered in, now they make about 1/2 what they once did with few benefits if any
Advice: None
Pros: The Pay and benefits are good for workers grandfathered in

Cons: Poor career development and feedback systems.
Advice: Need to improve manager feedback delivery and consistency.
Pros: Good team, active diversity and inclusion initiatives

Cons: Outside of normal day to day work issues, there was no cons for me personally.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, nice people.

Cons: Very political especially in the IT function
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for full time employees

Cons: large company so may not be as agile
Advice: None
Pros: Great inclusive environment , stable management, very professional team members

Cons: Located in Michigan, which is not necessarily ideal, but still an awesome place.
Advice: None
Pros: If you like working on vehicles, this the place to be.

Cons: None, None, None, None, None
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, Great, Highest Standard, Quality, Agile

Cons: Big company sometimes takes longer for you to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Payment, environment, diversity and inclusion

Cons: No real cons here at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and Work life balance

Cons: Work boss the drive to work
Advice: None
Pros: Pay benefits big booties in yoga pant

Cons: Very cut throat and political. Very black and white and not in a good way
Advice: Stop hiring by race and hire by who is deserving of a management position
Pros: very high paying salary job

Cons: If you sue a third-party supplier they’ll find a reason to fire you unfortunately
Advice: Your HR is a bunch of snakes
Pros: The pay was great for the little work that I did

Cons: Wish there was scheduling flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great job.

Cons: Old GM is still around and drives a lot of unnecessary policies that hinder work from getting done
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance is really nice

Cons: Career advancement can be slow, and med rage compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work life balance and work appropriate culture

Cons: The work is so repetitive and not at all rewarding
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is great and makes up for the tedious work

Cons: None poor management.  Poor placement.  Poor communication
Advice: None
Pros: None good benefits.  Great union

Cons: As with any major transformation there will be some amount of turmoil. In this case it means 'right-sizing' IT to balance support and innovation for the business of manufacturing vehicles. Heavy investments into cloud services, data warehousing technologies, and world-class tools also means working to automate the legacy IT functions; this effort towards automation could mean a lot of operational IT roles will be eliminated at the same time a heavy need for programming and integration will remain a priority.
Advice: GM has allowed a major and necessary transformation to occur in its IT department - this is something that has resulted in lost talent and losing control of retaining talent. Creating new innovation areas that focus on product IT integration will be an obvious choice for strengthening the companies ability to competitively execute on building next-generation vehicle platforms.
Pros: GM has transformed its company to be more product focused and that includes incorporating next-generation IT technologies and services. GM has gone through a transformation phase where it has in-sourced the majority of the IT functions that support the business. In addition to leveraging emerging IT technology, GM has invested in creating 'Innovation Centers' across the U.S. where it can hire and retain technical talent to help with this initiative; this helps GM hire talent that is not willing to re-locate to Michigan. GM has great benefits and is an exciting company to work for.

Cons: When GM brought IT back internal, there was tremendous potential to build a world class organization. However, that opportunity was squandered, as the leadership fragmented the organization into Innovation and Operations, and further into vertical organizations. This created tremendous friction, as Operations headcount was slashed and Innovation picked up Operational responsibilities, and of course the work still needed to be done. The CIO failed to grasp this very basic concept. He also tried this approach at HP and was ousted. 

Erroneously, it appears that he believed that change would result in increased innovation and lower operational costs, whereas reality demonstrated the results were one team that picked up the slack for the other, so it was an exercise in budget manipulation at a much higher overall cost to GM. 

In contrast to any formally documented HR policy, the CIO has explicitly stated that  IT is being expected to work a minimum of 50 hours per week, and there is a clear objective of slashing headcount over the next 1.5 years.

Looks very grim for GM IT under current leadership.
Advice: Get your act together and consolidate organizations to avoid multiplicity of effort. Realize that your resources are people that thrive when working towards common goals rather than separate organizations with different objectives.
Pros: Decent pay, but nothing special with the medical coverage. Squinting is considered the vision program.

Cons: Anyone is fair game for elimination at any time.  We had a small team of programmers in Chandler and we were very busy - working non-stop 10 days a week.  In February, we were individually escorted to a conference room where each of us were 'separated' from the firm.  None of this made sense as we were doing good work and always busy.  

Also, it takes 3 years for your $401K to fully vest.  As I was coming up on 3 years,  the large amount of money that GM had contributed to my retirement was gone.  Keep in mind that your $401K will be at risk of not vesting if you leave the company before years or your job is eliminated.
Advice: Consider the families you are affecting when you eliminate people's jobs.  I lost many classmates and friends all because the 'company' decided to eliminate jobs during a time of record profits.  In my opinion, layoffs should only be considered as a last resort.  

Also, only lay off the people who truly deserve to go.   Good, busy programmers do not deserve to be shown the door in such a demeaning way
Pros: I was so excited when GM recruited me from my University.  My family had bought GM vehicles all our lives and I was excited to work for them.  There is no shortage of work, expect longer than average work days.   There are a lot of opportunities to get involved with the Arizona Innovation Center and plenty of good people.

Cons: great place to work. Now downsides.
Advice: None
Pros: Its great place to work

Cons: No downside what so ever according to my understanding.
Advice: None
Pros: good working environment, good paying

Cons: the culture is toxically progressive
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, decent benefits, good bonuses

Cons: not enough money for work
Advice: None
Pros: it is ok for the work

Cons: Laboriously repetitive work.
Very poor upper management.
The longest, most stressful wait period until one becomes permanent.
The utterly unfair treatment of temps.
Having to be forced to work (90 days no time off) in times of “emergency” for the company. 
Having to work two Saturdays in a row to get one off.
Buildings have TERRIBLE temperature control. Absolutely swelteringly hot in the summers and freezing ice cold in the winter.
Takt times often depend on the cohesiveness of your fellow team members. If you have a lousy team expect difficulties both personal and professional.
The union is supposed to fight for you, but often they are a let down in many aspects. Union Representatives are lazy and put in the minimum effort to fight for you. Make sure you vote for representatives that you want to support you during elections.
Advice: The workers are actual people with families and lives once they leave their shift. Just because you’re in a managerial position doesn’t mean you can just talk down to and intimidate people because they aren’t  in YOUR position, or because they don’t have a “B.A.” like you do. Get off your high horse and be a good leader not a dictator.
Pros: Great benefits
Great pay
Constant opportunity for overtime 
Two weeks off for Christmas on top of you two weeks paid vacation time. 
Most holidays off.
Profit sharing and bonus’s baby!
Potential to signs up for skilled trades apprenticeships.

Cons: No support
Minimal training
Poor management
Asking questions frowned upon
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent salary &amp; benefits
Flexible work hours
Ability to work remote
Room for growth

Cons: Not much growing opportunities, Also it depends on team you're with.
Advice: None
Pros: You will get a lot of support from management and your seniors.

Cons: Call Center, IT is a help desk job
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, 401k, PTO, medical dental

Cons: corporate culture is still somewhat traditional
Advice: None
Pros: bright future and moving towards green technology

Cons: Price of cars should be less
Advice: None
Pros: None to mention today please

Cons: None at all, great environment and engaging management staff
Advice: Continue pushing the great culture you have
Pros: Culture/Values, People, Enrichment Resources, and Salary/Benefits

Cons: too cheap. pay too low
Advice: None
Pros: vacation days is not bad

Cons: Start out as a temp
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and awesome benefits

Cons: Long track for real money.
Advice: None
Pros: For first job take the entry level thing.

Cons: Mediocre health benefits, no perks, no coffee, lots of red tape, bureaucracy blocks the simplest requests (getting a VM in a lab can take months!). Many mangers are from AMD, Dell and HP and seem to leave nothing but destruction in their wake. 

What this means is that your manager, or even your director, cannot approve the simplest requests or really authorize any kind of expense no matter how small. Forget about bringing in lunch for the team at crunch time unless you want to pay for it out of your own pocket. Need devices for mobile dev? Good luck with that!
Advice: Cut the red tape. Provide managers and directors more budgetary discretion. Policy of waiting 12 to 8+ months to qualify for a raise is ridiculous. The lack of free coffee is like a dead canary in a coal mine! I don't even drink coffee! Behavioral only interviews is a recipe for an organization full of fast talking dimwits.
Pros: 9-5 work culture, 3 weeks vacation plus 16 holidays, car discount, level 8 (sr leads, managers) and above get a new company car every 6 months

Cons: As part of the new hire program, you will not have a say in what team you want to be on. Even if you have a background in java development,  they will put you in what team they want you, which is expected of a company but they DON'T TELL YOU WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO BE DOING until a week or so before your start date. Until then, the "hiring manager"(more of a random name to put instead of your actual supervisor) listed on the offer is going to give you the run around of " oh you're going to be on a team that is innovative, on the edge of technology" bs. Gives behavioral interviews, which is great if it wasn't for a technical role. In IT you need to know that the person you're hiring is interested in the job and knows how to do it.
Advice: Keep the behavioral interviews, as they should be necessary but for the love of retention rates, include a technical interview like literally any other fortune 100 company with an IT team. Also, be up front of where a candidate will be working at time of the offer. If you hire someone to be a "software developer" don't stick them as a network engineer.
Pros: 401k matching is fantastic, health benefits are pretty good. Strong college hiring initiative(which is also a con as seen below)

Cons: none none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work at.

Cons: Work life balance is non-existent. When I first got here, we were working 2 Saturdays on 1 off, now we are on a 6 day work schedule working nearly every Saturday, and on those days you are working a minimum of 9 hours, not including how early you come in before the shift and how late you have to say after it. You receive very little training, and the little you do doesn't prepare you very well for the actual job. Culture can be very toxic. Management is very cutthroat, there is plenty of backstabbing and throwing each other under the bus. UAW workers are very protected and hard to actually hold responsible when the Union has their backs but no one has yours. My team has largely been good to work with, but there are a few difficult employees, as there usually will be. You get almost no feedback on the job you are doing, and can find out from others.  I came in contract because it was easier to get in the door that way, but it leaves you in a precarious position job security wise.
Advice: Don't force all of the OT if it is not wanted. UAW have a system they can get Saturdays off without using vacation time at no penalty, create that for supervision as well.
Pros: The pay is pretty good, that is about it

Cons: GM claims to be one of the best places to work for Veterans and people with disabilities.  However, GM does not appear overly eager to help these employees that may require a little extra, like a bit more training in this case.  

If an organization is willing to accept Government funding they should go the extra yard.
Advice: Recognize that Veterans may come with hidden injuries that may effect their performance or conduct at work.  Know that these hidden injuries are developed from war zones or natural disasters  and are no fault of theirs.  Recognize that many disabled Veterans are unaware of the severity of their disability or even if they are experiencing difficulties on their job.    Being able to recognize when an employee may have a hidden disability effecting their performance may help turn a disabled (employee) Veteran into a good or even great employee and help save the organization money with little effort.  Disabled Veterans have sacrificed so much don't they deserve the little extra as they have given to us by protecting our freedom?

Remember we should not recognize Veterans only twice a year Veterans Day & 
9-11-2001.
Pros: Pay was great - No defined pension however 8%  towards 401k is nice.   Week off at XMas would have been nice.  
Still wonder what the bonus for level 6 and 7s would be?

Cons: There is still a lot of the culture that was described in the Velukas report left at GM. It's very difficult to work around silos if you end up in a role that is horizontal. You'll find that not much gets done because everyone says that piece belongs to a different silo so I won't help you. GM calls itself a tech company but I hear complaints daily from my coworkers about how they wish GM was more like Apple. GM wants to be the best at everything but I don't always see them committing significantly more resources to things they want to be the best at. There's also a lot of turnover/changing of staff on projects that are "important". Instead of work being done to move projects forward, most of the work is done to catch the new people up.
Advice: Don't hire new employees to empire build. Have a plan for what they'll do when you bring them on. If you can't think of enough work for them to do, talk with them about moving to another department within GM for their career experience instead of telling them how terrible every other department is and that yours is the only one do anything valuable.
Pros: -Good salary for what you're doing
-Freedom to pursue side projects
-Good vacation and holiday schedule
-Excellent 401K matching

Cons: No cons. Everything is great.
Advice: No advice. Perfect management
Pros: Excellent Company. Nothing to addd.

Cons: Sometimes it can be hard to deal with old systems.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of hours of work

Cons: Pays decent but isn't as competitive as other industries
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and lots of vacation
Personal health &amp; time is valued

Cons: The company tries to keep salaries low by keeping just 3 levels for engineers. With very few ever getting to the highest level.
Advice: How about promoting people on their ability?
Pros: Got to work on cars

Cons: Way too many layers of management. Makes decisions take forever to socialize or get agreement on. Very easy to get stuck with a low salary if you come in on an entry level job. HR and mgmt won't necessarily bump you to your market range for your job. You may have to wait YEARS to catch up. Lots of "old boys" network crap to deal with and especially in IT you have factions of people working to own as much IT as they can internally versus helping and cooperating on projects. Very inflexible work location policy. If you like small cubes with no privacy or sound barrier, then you've found GM's definition of "innovation". Getting in and out of the complex is a nightmare. There's a commute to get to campus and another commute and walk once you get there. CEO lets the IT Pres run wild as he builds his own factions away from the Detroit headquarters.
Advice: Don't let non-vehicle parts of the company go on autopilot. They are the silent backbone of the company and there are tons of managers who need to step aside and there needs to be more sincere look at collaboration.
Pros: Nice vehicle discounts and annual money towards a purchase of a new vehicle. Wide variety of technology to work around. Always fun to see newest cars coming out. Good holiday/vacation time.

Cons: Layoffs will be a trend for quite some time. The company wants to pivot long-term strategy at the cost of 8000+ jobs.  This change will encounter many business head winds -- increased competition, increased environmental regulations, pressures from DC to save American jobs, a hot global economy trying to find a spot to rest and normalize, etc.  C-level management is detached from many functions in different orgs, so the default is to layoff/fire people (blue and white collar).  Brazil offices were shut down, several more international locations will meet their fate soon. 

IT is a mess.  Other reviews noted Randy Mott's short-comings and they're all true.  There is a "good ol' boy" system that protects loyalists. If you're gifted with a passion for technology, don't come here.  Management creates a "favorites" list used to determine promotions and corrective action plans.  Problem is, these list are not based on merit, skill, or education level.  They must "like" you to advance.  This creates problems because junior level staff are often more skilled and knowledgeable  than superiors.  Direct reports can deliver successful milestones *in spite* of management. Finally, the % of technical and non-technical staff is severely out of balance.  It's difficult to explain important IT concepts to dev managers or supposed architects who last wrote code in the 1990s.
Advice: clean house.  start over.
Pros: Co-workers are genuine and try their best.  Passionate technologist work in  many organizational functions. They're worthy of better treatment from management.

Cons: - Inefficient tech/IT investment. GM does not attempt to recruit and grow software developers from the top tech firms. Instead, we do less with more. 
- Unless you’re a GM lifer, it’s improbable you’ll make it past the Manager level (8th Level). This was confirmed by the recent senior executive appointments to replace legacy GM vets, like Batey and Boler-Davis. In the last four years, there were four Senior Execs (Mary’s team) who left and all were replaced by 20+ year GM vets, no external hires. Hard to buy into the transformation we’ve been hearing so much about when hiring practices evidence more of the same ole GM. 
- Shared services (IT, Legal, Purchasing, Finance, HR) have no internal accountability. None of these core functions are aligned with their business units’s CAP goals (GM’s goal/target system), nor are they aligned with the internal morale survey (Workplace of Choice). The result is lack of accountability, alignment, and shared vision. Pair the above with minimal co-location and you have a recipe for sub-optimal results. 
- Surprising how many people are there to collect a pay check versus truly being invested in the company and the future of auto. To be honest, it’s a shame because GM had a ton of momentum as recent as 12 months ago.
Advice: It’s tough to steer the ship in a different direction at this point. Godspeed.
Pros: - Strong pay
- Strong benefits

Cons: Promotions hard to come by
Advice: None
Pros: Benifts. Salary. Time off, flex work

Cons: Slow paced
takes too long to make decision
Advice: None
Pros: No stress
over 10k relocation benefits
many perks

Cons: - Can be a bit bureaucratic and process heavy, but I've come to respect the need for it due to the complexities and reliability needs of manufacturing IT infrastructure
- Austin office looks like a cubicle farm
- Getting non-standard hardware or software for special applications can be a lot of effort/time
Advice: Keep up the good progress on positive/inclusive culture.  Try to reduce red tape where possible. Keep up the excitement around future technology.
Pros: - Great work life balance
- Positive and inclusive environment
- Good salary and bonus, though not quite as high as the tech giants
- Company car program for senior level employees
- For a 100+ year old automotive company, is surprisingly forward thinking on technology and has a strong mission (Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions, Zero Congestion) that it is driving toward with autonomous and electric vehicles
- Extremely serious about safety, including strictly enforced COVID safety measures
- Flexible work during COVID seems to be expanding to more flexibility once we get beyond it
- Casual dress in the Austin office, shorts and a tshirt are fine, although flip flops will look out of place (plus aren't safe in some environments)
- 15 days vacation to start, 20 days vacation after 2 years, plus a company-wide Christmas week shutdown.

Cons: no breaks, barely get any vacation due to the high load of work
Advice: management doesn't know what you are doing and you are on your own
Pros: good compensation as well as benefits. Large company

Cons: There is not a lot of room for progression
Advice: None
Pros: Very healthy work life balance

Cons: Long exhausting hours. Cruel dirty conditions
Advice: None
Pros: Pay. Zero pay health insurance. Retirement. Bonus

Cons: I was hired as a Software Developer and given work that involved using a very outdated and slow tool to move data around. In other words, the position was misrepresented. I wouldn't have taken the job at all if they were upfront about things.
Advice: None
Pros: People, including managers, were very friendly.

Cons: No raises
Can take at least 4 year to get hired in 
No pto
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule
Good pay
Health benefits included

Cons: lack of growth for future
Advice: None
Pros: add experience to early career
exposure to corporate world

Cons: Can be long working days
Advice: None
Pros: great competitive pay for techinician

Cons: It is a bit far away from where I live
Advice: None
Pros: Positive and very professional environment

Cons: None I love it a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Good job I love it

Cons: Forced weekends at a short notice
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay with good bonuses

Cons: Workload can be challenging at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Politics could get in the way of advancement. The company is so large that you can become a number quite quickly if you don't know how to work the system or get involved in internal organizations to become aquatinted with leadership. The leadership is on the conservative side and runs more on a old school business style. Example: If your a female, do not be too trendy/tailored in your suits, wear more than a base in make-up and wear your hair styled. The organization is big on you knowing what level you are within the company and not working with people above your level unless approved. Very layered company.
Advice: If you see talent, nurture it and don't hold it back even if you need the talent for your own needs. Also, if you have people that are not capable of the basic requirements for the job, remove them or transfer them into an position more suited to their talents.
Pros: Large company and could learn about how to manage politics. It is cool to work on things that are about four years out and get to see from start to finish. General Motors is quite a powerful company name to use while working with suppliers or other engineering forums. Most people think you have to be quite talented to be accepted at one of the big automotive companies vs. a supplier.

Cons: I was hired as a Business Intelligence and Data Analytics Developer.  I have never done anything close to those things.  I was put in a completely unrelated role on the first day.  So far as I know, NO ONE hired under that title works in either BI or DA.

This title is effectively click-bait, and needs to be discontinued.  Part of the IT Transformation is getting with the times--that includes transparency with prospective employees.
Advice: The aim of management is to make GM a workplace of choice.  There are some teams that definitely are, and some that definitely aren't.  Often this is based on how the manager manages the team.  Under-performing (in WoC survey) teams seem to have managers who are overly-technical (were promoted because they were the most knowledgeable/hardest working) and have no idea how to manage people.

Great managers know how to managed people and produce synergistic results as a team.  Often these are not the most technically-skilled.  Learning to identify these individuals and supporting them should be top priority
Pros: I enjoy my team and working here.  The IT Transformation is a great initiative, and is a necessary move, considering how badly behind the company was in IT.

Cons: The sales and marketing department is actively discriminating, downgrading, and getting rid of women.
Advice: None
Pros: 4 day stat holiday long weekends

Cons: Inflation to pay raise is not very good.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to move jobs within the company.

Cons: No job security in IT
Advice: None
Pros: Some good people to work with

Cons: Some cons for working at Gm is long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Some pros for working at Gm is Good pay

Cons: I don’t recommend to anyone
Advice: Y’all need to worry about how to keep hard workers instead of hovering over lazys
Pros: This place is literally theeeeee worst. Welcome back to highschool

Cons: Minus Holiday Pay* (you need to establish 90 days worked) and regular raises*, you don't receive any perks (vacation time, job selection, insurance, bonus checks, job security, accumulating seniority) until the company decides to make you a full time, permanent, hourly employee. Way back when, you would be one after 90 days flat out. Today, you can be a temp indefinitely. I've been for 3.5 years and I know many who were for 6-7+. You are forced to work the most undesirable jobs in your facility that nobody else wants and you are very much encouraged not to try and take time off, because essentially you are there for absence relief. You may be laid off several times before you are hired, they may also lay you off, and later bring in other people who've never worked for the company before and hire them despite you never having given them a reason not to want you back.

*You lose your earned rate of pay established through raises every time you are laid off. Basically you have to start anew. Also you'll have to earn holiday pay back every time
Advice: How about you throw your temps a bone and hire them - the hardest working people you have -  AT LEAST after they rack up YEAR(s) of straight employment without stops. People are not robots they need vacation time, sick time, job security, and benefits...
Pros: Rate of Pay for entry level employees is on par with/better than most jobs requiring next to no education

Cons: None noted from my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation in a challenging environment

Cons: Benefits are trash so dont
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and people skills are the big one

Cons: The amount of time you spend at the job and the way you are treated is not good whatsoever.
Advice: None
Pros: The money and number of hours you can work.

Cons: To many people
Management doesn’t care
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Great workplace
Very relaxed 
Fun

Cons: If you are a new college hire, this is often a bait and switch job offer. They would not tell you what you are going to be doing until after the initial training, which might or might not have to do with your future position.  They do not have good a placement strategy after hiring you.
They do not have good software development processes in place.  They tried their own flavor of Agile for a year, but it was not implemented correctly nor enforced. 

They do not listen to their experienced college hires even after finishing the program.

You would rarely be challenged with exciting tasks. The work is very repetitive and does not allow you to improve your skills after a certain point
Advice: Provide competitive pay to the college hires graduating the program.
Enforce and improve your development practices.
Do not give BA's all the power, they need to work with developers.
Pros: Depending on the team you work in, you may have good work balance.  They are flexible when it comes to taking a vacation, and you get 16 holidays a year. 
They also have very good health benefits and 401k matching up to 8%.
The bonuses are really competitive, but you meet your target you need to work really hard. 
It looks good on your resume.

Cons: Hours hard to schedule life
Advice: None
Pros: Like a big family good pay and benefit

Cons: Not much to complain about
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and nice work

Cons: Job security, while never an issue in the past, is suspect right now.  Culture of senior leadership is sometimes stifling to innovation. Sometimes, middle management appear to do/say what's best for their career rather than what's best for the company.  Benefits are getting trimmed and salaries are a bit below competitive with other industries.
Advice: Need to be more proactive and less reactive.  Need to change the culture to accept the truth from subordinates, not just rewarding those that "tell them what they want to hear".  Need to push decision and accountability making further down the chain and make the whole organization flatter.  Need to take the "checksheet" mentality out of the company and deliberately move away from tasks that consume time, but are not critical to success.  Executive leadership, VP and above, is outstanding.  Middle management is a problem with many social promotions of average performers that are connected to director level employees.
Pros: Worldwide advancement opportunities.  Can't imagine getting excited about a consumer durable other than cars.  The work isn't dull.  Things change everyday and the pace is fast.  Never get bored and have the opportunity to participate in activities through GM sponsorships like attending major sporting and cultural events.

Cons: Environment is slightly slow paced
Advice: None
Pros: Not a really challenging environment

Cons: Work hours can be long at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, good opportunities.

Cons: Not full time remote positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work/life balance

Cons: I have to leave this review
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: More diversity in upper leadership
Advice: None
Pros: nice company to work for offering remote opps

Cons: There is no growth in IT.
Advice: Work with employees on getting promotions
Pros: Flexible vacation days and holidays.

Cons: Purchasing is slow; sometimes tons of paperwork
Advice: None
Pros: I like my own department, including coworker, manager, director.

Cons: Legacy systems are archaic and bad to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: bad management and leadership. lack vision
Advice: None
Pros: good learning opportunities for freshers

Cons: Communication could get lost or comprehended incorrectly
Advice: None
Pros: They think of the customers

Cons: Not a good place for top performers and talent. No upper path for individual contributers. Pay is under market for non Michigan locations. It varies team to team, but I've had friends get blocked from transfers because they are the only competent programmer, and this is after telling them to their face they would help them move onto another team, and then they told them the only way to leave is quit. GM has a lot of data and there are opportunities, but you will likely not be a part of that unless you pay attention to the team you apply for, and even then they may just put you on another team because they need a resource. Again varies widely team to team. This job has left me extremely depressed and sucks the passion for programming out of your soul. They know they have problems and they want to change it but its not happening anytime soon if ever.
Advice: Learn how to run a project, instead of running politics, and stop thinking of devs as "smurfs".
Pros: Everything is really variant from team to team, but the benefits are good, and the culture and devs I have worked with are really friendly. If you are a mid performer and want a place to work at you could definitely be a GM lifer and be happy.

Cons: Sitting for long hours in a position causing discomfort.
Advice: None
Pros: Team-based environment with very friendly and uplifting staff.

Cons: Long hours, Hard labor, temporary employment
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, Great benefits, Great union

Cons: lots of red tape and access.
Advice: None
Pros: Can be misplaced on a team.

Cons: Pay on low end for CS jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Working toward electrification of vehicles. Great initiatives for diversity.

Cons: Bad management and and awful hours
Advice: Listen to your people
Pros: Great benefits and profit sharing

Cons: the scale of the company can be overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: great community, motivating environment, exciting projects

Cons: Pontiac, Michigan. Lots of snow in the winter.
Advice: None
Pros: Pays very well. Great benefits as well
Cool vehicles

Cons: Work includes 3 different shifts. Long hours and weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and good pay

Cons: Need to be more current and adaptable.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent company. Treat employees fairly.

Cons: Lack of senior talent. I heard Randy Mott (CIO) directly say that GM will continue to prioritize recruiting new-hires from college over retaining mid-level employees. After the three years of being a college-hire, you become a "real" low-level employee that gets a senior dev workload with junior dev pay and little or no mentorship. Your annual performance rating is based on a behind-closed-doors ranking of all employees of the same level - manager favorites get raises and better bonuses. Management is cliqued-up based on their previous employers; the key to success in GMIT is getting in the right club.
Advice: I enjoyed that in a tough social climate, (while they didn't always hit the nail on the head) upper-management tried to do the right thing and make change in the company; keep doing that.
Pros: Great vacation, 401K matching, and bonus. I joined as a college-hire, and they teach you everything on the job. While still behind the tech industry, GM is developing competitive, cloud-centric IT platforms. There is a lot of opportunity to learn the work that adjacent roles do and pickup skills outside your immediate function. It is almost impossible to get fired. If you are still developing your IT skills, this is an ideal first job.

Cons: Lack of impact through company
Advice: None
Pros: Safe company to work for

Cons: High level management care nothing about the well being of the IT support staff. IT positions are constantly being reduced with the remaining staff required to pick up the slack with work load on the increase. IT staff continue to take the brunt of life changing events affecting their families required to move if they want to stay employed. The tactic being used of requiring the IT staff positions to move to keep their jobs is more of a ploy to reduce older dedicated and loyal workers and replace them with new younger staff making less wages.
Advice: Practice what they preach when talking about care for their employee's and make decisions more fairly instead of letting their personal bias influence personnel's future with the company. It seems too many managers are out for themselves and have no regard for the employees working for them.
Pros: The salary and benefits are very competitive and better than some. There are various job types available listed in the job openings globally which can be applied for if desired. I believe Mary Barra is an excellent CEO and trust her fully that she is doing everything she can to make GM a better company that customers can trust.

Cons: Been with GM for 20 years and gone through a bankruptcy, TWICE where all employees took a permanent across the board pay cuts, and now the 25% head count reduction.  This is all due to very poor management!  Friends at other OEMs have not gone brought this same chaotic ups and downs to this extreme.  Advancement opportunities aren’t based on skill set but on who you know.
Advice: GM has serious issues with management.  Program teams are hesitant to tell upper management the truth or push too hard against what higher ups have indicated they want out of fear of reprisal.  This leads to costly bad decisions.  Way to heavy on 8th level managers...some supervising one employee....totally unnecessary...unless they have 6-10 employees then the 8th level position should be eliminated or consolidated.  Directors are totally clueless.  The executive directors have a good grasp on what needs to be done but the Director level is again a waste of money and could be eliminated.
Pros: Great benefits and vacation time.  Pay is excellent.  Wonderful coworkers.  Good for entry level experience before you move on to a more stable company.  GM offers a great starting point but nothing longer term unless you are comfortable with instability every five years.

Cons: Terrible culture and product lines
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Perks

Cons: I was able to try a few different jobs on the assembly line, and some were very difficult, even with all the advances in technology over the years.  Some were simply still not ergonomically designed and could really lead to repetitive use injuries, so I definitely think ALL of the jobs in the plant should be designed so the part fits well/slides on easily or does not require really awkward bending of the wrist while using a power tool, because the wrist is an easily damaged area.
Advice: I was able to try a few different jobs on the assembly line, and some were very difficult, even with all the advances in technology over the years.  Some were simply still not ergonomically designed and could really lead to repetitive use injuries, so I definitely think ALL of the jobs in the plant should be designed so the part fits well/slides on easily or does not require really awkward bending of the wrist while using a power tool, because the wrist is an easily damaged area.
Pros: Overall, the assembly line employees were treated respectfully and had a really good job.  It is a clean manufacturing environment, and most jobs require a reasonable amount of focus/effort/dexterity.  I enjoyed my time there.

Cons: Never seen corrupt place like this - no wonder why the ignition issue came up. The IT is mainly controlled by contractors turned GM employees mostly Indians and they don't have any clue at all other than taking a small thing and blow it up. GPSC is so corrupted that Indian Managers are even taking a bribe in India so that they can bring 10s of worthless contractors for nothing, The contractors don't have anything to do but GPSC managers have been taking money under the table so they have to protect or defend their wrongdoing. If someone complains then that person will be retaliated right away. HR is just a joke and they are aligned with the managers, or they don't have any clue. If you have Indian then you have chance to survive but other races are discriminated, retaliated and intimidated - and it's happening in US soil - hard to believe.
Advice: Get the GPSC management who are involved in brining in offshore contractors investigated and fired right way because they have been taking bribes in India. Just start with the ICVM first to see how bad the resources are managed - talk to the developers during the investigation not the managers because they are the ones who are corrupt.
Pros: There is nothing other than recruiter promising the IT being like Start up & a tons of growth, but that's not the reality once you join.

Cons: It is a sin to be a millennial.  I've been told that the average age of a designer/engineer at GM was 52 a few years ago, this caused senior managment to hire a large number of younger, educated, employees to be trained for the inevietable retirement of a large portion of GM's workforce.  While the overall majority of employees are helpful and receptive of new hires, a large minority of this older generation of employees are extremely resistant (maybe threatened?) by the influx of younger people. They often refuse to even consider the opinion/advice/suggestion of an "entitled millennial", this makes for a very uncomfortable work environment.  I would not recommend any design group at GM to anyone who would be consider a "millennial".  Engineering may be a different story.
-Everything is always some other groups fault, usually engineering (probably because engineering groups tend to have more millennials)
-
Advice: I really don't know what managment can do about the attitude of an entire generation of employees.
Pros: -Simple "interview"
-Great facilities (WTC)
-You can tell the company has tons of resources and isn't afriad to spend time/money training you.
-Best pay out of the Big Three.
-Relatively laid back work environment.
-If you do a good job, moving from contract to direct hire should only take 6 months.

Cons: Parking at the RenCen isn't ideal; however that is quite marginal (plus it's free and in a secure structure, so I guess I can't really complain).
Advice: Continue to focus on employee development as a retention tool. Additionally, making a conscious effort to break down silos between functions would allow employees to have a more holistic view of company operations.
Pros: I have been working at General Motors for almost two years now, and I have enjoyed every second of it! I started at GM straight out of college, and got offered a salary that was significantly more generous than other companies that I interviewed at. The corporate culture is incredible, and I was very impressed by their diversity initiatives and philanthropic ventures. This, in conjunction with the fact that General Motors has wisely expanded their business reach to become a "mobility company", made the decision to work here a no-brainer. The medical benefits are excellent, and I have been leveraging their generous tuition assistance to obtain my MBA. The atomsphere is lively and inclusive, and I have been very impressed by how engaged and approachable the Executive Leadership team is. I also feel as though there is potential for long-term growth opportunities, as there are constantly opportunities for professional development and internal movement.

Cons: The working conditions in the manufacturing facility are dirty, dangerous and generally unhealthy.  Overtime is mandatory and can last for years.  Some people love it and want the money, other people would like to have a life, but regardless of what you would like, you MUST be there.  If you are told to work 70hrs/week for 3 years, you have to do it.  I personally prefer to live my life outside of work, so that didn't settle well with me.
The longtime management vs. union conflict make working relationships incredibly stressful.  Management treats union members as if they were the enemy and the union returns the same energy back.  It is a working dynamic that is exhausting and incredibly frustrating.
Advice: I doubt that any member of management could do anything to correct this issue other than just be courteous to everyone.  It is really not in the power of any member of management to make any changes, the rules for the game are written by the top level executives.  So, it is a fundamental flaw in the entire structure of the company's working relations with the union.  It's just something that you have to deal with if you work there.
Pros: The pay & benefits are good.

Cons: Many silos, cultural torpor, and misplaced arrogance from an earlier era of greatness in certain circles.  Experienced hires cannot make job changes and usually are not selected for development, a side effect of the "frozen middle".  So it is a bad place to end a career unless the job offered is really the final job one seeks.
Advice: Some "creative destruction" may help in this case.  The company has such a legacy that makes it so hard to change its culture, even though everyone agrees it needs to be done.  Be nimble, humble and move fast as other competitors are closing in.  Acting like GM is still #1 is so out of date, because it is not anymore. Keep in mind culture is what people do, and asking the same people doing the same thing over and over, to just change their culture is not going to cut it.
Pros: Large company with many interesting assignments and projects.  Excellent place for a young graduate to learn, gain experience and start a career.  Maybe even stay for life if selected for development.  Doing well along with the rest of the auto industry and much improved financials.

Cons: Having worked there a couple of years ago and left due to the bureaucracy and the insecurity of some ex DELL members, I landed a year later at GM again but in a different state: great staff, amazing professionals, excellent work ethics, and with a higher position than what I had in Austin (despite the bullying I received). I went through the background check and my new office new I had worked for IT. Five months later into the new job and with excellent feedback from my superiors, I started to receive phone calls from ex coworkers at IT. That was it. The minute IT Austin management new I had a higher position than themselves, it all went south, even against my current supervisors. Somewhere somehow there is power in Austin which is the reason why they have such negative reviews and GN in other states considers Austin a waste in GM. I have already done my great review to the other department, this being said, please know that not all GM is like 'innovation'Austin. Thanks to GM OUTSIDE of Austin, the great people I met in the automotive industry and their recommendations, I now have a better job geared towards my career and goals.
Advice: Austin. That is the only advice.
Pros: Same, the benefits and the rest that corporate America offers.  If you are smart you will gather experience and knowledge so that other doors can open.

Cons: Treated like a child, only American minority 
in my entire group  software development process for new features didn’t follow  an organized engineering design process . Complained several times about this when questioned about why more work wasn’t  being completed. I hope that this has changed by now before I left they finally decided that having requirements for new features was needed but who knows if that has continued. It seemed like they wanted features completed so they would say to higher ups we are on schedule. I already knew this but HR is generally useless in employee disputes they are on the side of the company. Bottom line was do what your told and be greatful your at GM.
Advice: I don’t think I have anything like I said I think I just picked the wrong group which I kind of had a hint in the interview but was thinking it’s GM it can’t be bad and from my other friends that work there it seemed like a great place to work.
Pros: I really think I just picked the wrong group but I didn’t really see any positives other than at the time they had the advocacy program and I got to say I worked for GM

Cons: HR still sees you as a pawn but that pretty much applies to any large company so getting a raise is based off your job tile or if you can directly save the company money immediately which doesn't happen in engineering much since any cost saving changes you make more often than not will save money over years where as someone on the business/marketing side has more opportunity to make immediate cost saves that reflect the money saved that quarter 

I would recommend getting the most you can before hiring in as after that your salary increase will come to a slow once inside
Advice: Change what deliverables you use track your employees (especially engineers) and make sure their work can be recognized when salary conversations come up.

Continue to keep replacing managers that have the "Old GM" way of thinking and promote those that actually care about bettering the company and not just worrying about their budgets and bonus
Pros: Great benefits and is becoming more flexible with working from home and taking time off. Lot's of opportunity to move within the company. It's even strongly pushed that you broaden your skills or build your career in some way within the company.

Cons: HARD TO GET PROMOTED. Also, let the team members have some breathing room to help others. It would be nice to see cross-functional work and helping each others.
Advice: The current CIO has this old school mindset. He wants timesheets entered every week. He thinks the employees get productive that way. If you miss a timesheet, your job is on the line. No kidding. It will be on your reviews. He cultivates the same old-school policies like hire and fire which he had implemented at Dell and HP.  Know that if an employee is not producing, it is the leadership fault. Make sure the goals are clearly communicated and provide the support and watch the magic happen. Do not hire and fire the people. Also, don't over hire and be conscious about your hiring. The top level management gets paid ridiculous money and get stock options where as people who are actually producing do not get any stocks. Learn from technology companies and make your employees stakeholders of the organization. Also provide some ESOP options to the employees. Poor benefits except for 401k.
Pros: CUTTING EDGE TECH and lot of good opportunities to learn. Some smart people on the team.

Cons: Management treated people unfairly. Was alot of micro managing.
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch and snacks. Easy to get hired on and start.

Cons: I guess the downside is the constant negativity of the media towards GM.  If they knew half the products that WILL come before 2010, they'd change their tune (well probably not, but who wins with the media anyways.. oh yeah, Toyota and the Prius [with stolen patented hybrid technology from an American engineering firm, but you'd never hear that from CNN] ).
Advice: Advice?  If I were to give Senior Management advice, they'd better get the hell out of the way and let me run things!  Any 'Senior' manager that asks for advice needs to be immediately released (an opinion is different, advice is help).  About 90% of them should be retired by now (I hope some of the management is included in the 15-20% salaried retirement program before Nov. 1).
Pros: Well, I've read some of the other reviews, and frankly some individuals are doing better then others.. I'm doing GREAT!  Yeah, its going to be tough for the guys and gals that work on V8s and trucks, but thats the nature of capitalism.  I'm very grateful to work on new products (transmissions) so my job is safe (it also helps that I'm a bad-ass; i.e. 3 patents over 2 years, started right after college).

Cons: Long work hours, expectation to work on weekends and during evening. I felt that I needed to be constantly checking my email throughout the night to make sure no fires had cropped up. I was constantly redirected to new tasks and projects with no semblance of planning. Core deliverables were often un done because of this redirection. Additionally, a last minute approach was often used which caused undue churn and bad practices at all levels of the company. Should have certainly had a more planful approach to getting things done. However, all and all, just a mediocre experience working at GM
Advice: More respect for work life balance. More planned approach
Pros: Not a bad place to work, decent benefits, great people. Management seemed to be committed to doing the right thing. I was involved in a great deal of wonderful projects and truly enjoyed my time there. Unfortunately innovation was not a top priority and was often superseded by the need to cut cost and manage expenses, which i feel was detreimental to the delivery of a top notch product. In the end I moved onto greener pastures. I wish this company and my colleagues well, however, i think the glory days have past for this company. We shall see though.

Cons: Opportunities and new jobs, positions possible only after first year orientation and development period is complete.

All technical resources were formerly outsourced, so company is new to having technical skills on-board. Thus, be wary when you sign on that you get the top possible level (numbered 5, 6, 7, 8) and corresponding salary. If you don't negotiate for top possible level, you may find yourself holding deep documented experience and training in a skill, for example, databases, and working at same role and level as someone who asks out loud in a technical meeting "now, can you tell me, what is a database?" People are being hired based on who they know, not what they know.
Advice: Assign criteria for documented technical proficiency to be hired in at each level, instead of relying on subjective "Lominger" characteristics. These characteristics are especially subjective when hiring managers are part of the same old-boys network as the target employees. Speaking professionally and personal salesmanship are good traits to screen for, but the organization will need people with technical skills to deploy complex solutions flawlessly into production.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Company has history of solid HR practices to allow employees to pursue a self-directed and structured career path.

Cons: Opportunities for improvement/advancement are few and far between, unless you internally network which is a challenge, as well as do everything you can to try to mentor under somebody under your goal department, or work an internal charity event as project admin in order to branch out your contacts.  There is a penchant at this company for overworking employees.  There is a lot of lip service provided in order to make the workplace less stressful and enjoyable, but rarely does it get implemented for long.  Diversity is something that they are focusing on more, so I will retain judgment for that, but it has been a challenge in the past, especially when considering new or different skills to fill a position.
Advice: Keep striving for diversity.  Take a chance on another person, if they have many but not all of the skills you need.(I realize this is a big ask, but it is the only way to keep qualified employees and build on diversity, because people will be more likely to leave if they see lack of opportunity)
Pros: Salary, Benefits and services are all very competitive.  There are great opportunities for charity work.  The monetary bonus is also very nice.

Cons: You learn at a slower rate because IT teams are so large and politics play such a large role in development so that you're dependent heavily upon teams which do not care to support you but will not hesitate to block you from making progress.
Bad managers and rude leaders keep their positions even when they receive tons of reports for poor behavior and overall rudeness
I loved working at GM over the years, but things have gone downhill especially since the giant layoff earlier this year. It left the rest of us here feeling awkward and overwhelmed with new responsibilities. New managers took over without understanding what their new teams would even be doing..
Advice: Care more about what your younger hires have to say. There's a reason they leave in droves.
Pros: GM is very lax compared to most places
Their IT department in many areas, is state-of-the-art. We constantly focus on upgrading to the latest and greatest technologies within my team
Vacation and holiday time is AMAZING. The work/life balance is as great as you want it to be. I haven't found any company that's as competitive with this side of benefits.

Cons: Been working 6 days a week for past year and half also many weeks working 7 days week no days off.  Maintenance doesn't have any time to fix robots because running 7 shifts 6- 7 days week.  Union environment the union workers are very lazy get away with everything.  Never worked in environment were discipline on employees is hard to get them fired. Favoritism on hiring.  Plant is spending so much money going down to two shifts next year I see a lot of lay offs coming.  Flex or temps have been working over year and not permanent yet.  But all union workers or EE's hired on lazy reason why plant might shut down soon.
Advice: Make better critical decisions stop wasting money in comical way.  Making us work 7 days a week when you run a shift pays double time average pay for that day is between $40hr-$60hr but no one is working because machines down Maintenance not fixing whats broke because their a tool maker and not pipe fitter line down for 3hr over $100,000 wasted.
Pros: salary is very good, also after working 40hr week you get overtime pay for anything over 40hr and double time on sunday

Cons: You can get a bit bogged down in required meetings/processes, but at least every few years there are pushes to cut down and make things more efficient. Work life balance can feel encroached upon at times during project cycles. Some managers are better than others, which can bleed into career development.
Advice: None
Pros: Good upward thinking and culture - inclusive, celebratory of diversity, and takes it seriously.

Great Benefits: 

Good 401(k) match - 4% automatically plus an additional 100% match when you put in 4% (so if you put in 4%, you're getting 8% from GM). Fully vested at 3 years.

Good health benefits with three plan options which range from $20 to $390 for the monthly contribution and $1,500-5,000 for the deductible. All are HSA eligible and GM contributes $1,500 automatically when you get a yearly physical. 

Vacation time is at 15 days for 0-2 years and ramps up to 20 days at 2 years. That is in addition to the 16 holidays off that are automatically given (including the week between Christmas and New Years). 

Family leave (maternity/paternity) is 12 weeks. Birth mothers get an additional 6-8 weeks of disability leave, equating to 18-20 weeks of maternity leave.

Cons: Financial troubles have had a bad effect internally, employees are overloaded with assignments, and the culture is very top down.  Don't expect to make any suggestions or improvements.  The culture is not conducive to non director level input.  I was laid off, but not disgruntled, I was looking for a new company for over a year prior to being led out the door.  If you can play the political game, and at all costs make your manager look good, then go for it.
Advice: The leadership has not changed, they have shifted titles and reports to protect themselves.  Yet these are the same decision makers that drove the company into the ground, and are now expected to bring it back.  My recommendation would be to make the hard decisions, focus on value added activities and stop protecting the fraternity of leadership.  Thin out the top, let lower level employees take responsibility for projects independently.  Much more of what matters will get accomplished with less.
Pros: It was interesting to work around new concept vehicles and the talented people in the trenches.  A very large employer in the Detroit area, so if your local and want to stay GM may be a good choice

Cons: The biggest problem is the work-place shock of working in a unionized environment and seeing the hourly-salary divide at times. Hours in manufacturing can also be difficult, as standard work hours are from 5AM - 3PM, and you may be asked to come in as early as midnight at times.
Advice: None
Pros: GM really knows how to impress its interns, letting them borrow any production car they want, and taking them on tours of testing facilities, design studios and to sporting events in the Detroit area throughout the summer months. Compensation is higher than its competitors, and working in manufacturing gives the added benefit of earning overtime. Apart from this, GM presents a great working environment, with some of the smartest group of engineers and assembly workers you will ever meet. You will at times learn more from a stamp-press operator, who has been doing that job their entire life, than you would from school. Yes, GM is still reeling from the bad press of the auto-bailout, but after working there for a few months, you will realize that this company is much more than just a punching bag for political pundits, and is genuinely a great company to work for.

Cons: Too many to list. Rampant disorganization, terrible culture, useless lower to mid-level management. I unfortunately wasted two years of my career here and got nothing other than a few connections. My team was unassigned for the better part of those two years, so my job performance was based on how long I sat at my desk every day with nothing to do. Once we finally did get a project assigned, it was "shelved" because they found out (after three months of 7 people working on it) that another team was already developing it. I came on with a mass new college hire group and very few of them made it past three years of employment. Unless a stereotypical corporate lifestyle really appeals to you, do yourself a favor and don't work here.
Advice: Find your quality employees and do what you can to keep them around.
Pros: As you might expect of a company this size, benefits are good. 
Some people I know had flexible hours and could WFH, but that's at a team level so results may vary. 
It is almost impossible to get fired. One of my friends took a two month Europe vacation without telling anyone, just up and left. His manager noticed after 7 and a half weeks of his absence and he only received a "stern talking to" about his vacation.

Cons: You will be placed in a random team
 - It seems like more often than not, they need non-development teams to be filled
 - Ironically, I've seen people with a development background placed in a non-development team, and people without a development background in a development team.

If you are looking to grow as a software developer, I would avoid entry level positions at General Motors, because you will most likely not do any software development.

Additionally, moving horizontally to another team is impossible, despite how proactive you are in networking with other teams. You are essentially locked in your team, on average, three years it seems like. I've seen plenty of entry level software developers in the company for 0 to 3 years, not doing any software development.
Advice: Please don't trick people into thinking they will be doing software development, when you need manual/repetitive grunt-work to be done for the company. Attrition rate would be much lower, if you matched people who like to do manual/repetitive work vs people who like to innovate. You will save the company dollars, and you will save the hours people wasted in joining/leaving the company.
Pros: Great benefits. Slightly below average salary.

Cons: They don’t promote based on qualifications.
Advice: Stop looking to check boxes
Pros: Bigger company, lots of time off, good pay and benefits

Cons: I was laidoff before others that had less seniority than myself.  There were 10 of us in this situation.  I am the only one left that did not take a severance or transfer to a new plant.  It's not right but the union does what ever it wants to if it pleases them.
Advice: I have no words...in fact my issue wasn't with management.  I did my job and I did it well.  The union is my issue...I know that they help me in many situations but in this one it was a decision that the union made so they could retain others (one the shop chairs nephew) so others were laid off.  I still pay union dues 3 years later and they won't even return a phone call from me.  I've called 3 times in 3 years.  So glad I went and got my bachelors on them.
Pros: I had 10 years of service when I was laidoff, which gave me the opportunity to go back to school through the TAA program and still get my subpay.  So it was the best case situation for me in a bad situation.

Cons: Too many reorganizations made for new supervisors all the time.   Little connection with performance of company - and easy to feel unimportant and that personal efforts made no difference.  Big union atmosphere/culture in salary ranks - meaning that employees only needed to do so much.   In general the people I worked with were hardworkers and capable, but their talents were underutilized.  Top management not able to manage company for growth and usually managed in a reactionary way.
Advice: Go on the offensive to stop losses to other OEM competitors.  Vehicle/Product improvements aren't the only way to do this: GM was and still is uncompetitive due to high cost structure, which was built up over the decades.  Diversify: concentration on car and truck business alone is not a wise, long term strategy.
Hire a CEO/President from outside the auto industry with proven effectiveness.  
This is all advice that was obviously never taken and thus the situation deteriorates to this day.
Pros: Good to very good salary and benefit packages generally speaking.  Good feedback performance reviews.  In general the people I worked with were sharp, hardworkers and capable.

Cons: Layoffs
Transfer of plants
Management
Being bumped shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Time off
Holidays
Pay after 4 years

Cons: Gross, Terrible environment, awful management, awful place.
Advice: Get rid of the "temp" and the UAW, go to a meritocracy where those who work hard will be treated better and get better hours and pay.
Pros: Some of the other associates are nice.

Cons: Low pay. A lot of downtime.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great.

Cons: cannot work remotely.
Have to drive to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay.
Nice team.
good growth.
Bright Future

Cons: Long hours and weekends usually required
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and money for employes

Cons: Hiring lots of new kids and firing those who are a threat to lead, supervisors, and management.  There is a culture of envy and those who came from Dell are ruining the Innovation Center.  Too many meetings and people looking busy.  Too many 'gatherings' after work and heaven forbid if you do not assist, they want to know why but I never told them.  I take care of my disabled father and can't be socializing, drinking, and spending money after work hours.  If you do not give them your personal life, there is a problem.  If you go to Human Resources, they will not help you, they will either make you feel incompetent or worse off, they will fire you.  As soon as I did not owe them my moving expenses, I ran from the company where I though I was going to grow and be proud of.
Advice: Supervise Austin.  My other colleagues in Arizona and Georgia are happy.  You will not make it with the hiring and firing all the time.  Check your management credentials.
Pros: The benefits are amazing!  Great salaries and opportunities to own a GM vehicle (which I would never replace for my Mazda) but the perk is there if you want it.  Profit sharing benefits are also great but good luck with these recalls.  Good working hours.

Cons: Traditional, Paternalistic, Confused, Top Down Leadership
Very difficult to grow professionally (incestuous focus on internal learning, no focus on benchmarking)
Micro-management pretty common here
Leadership pays lip service but does NOT listen to anything.  Just learn to nod your head and say yes.
Layoffs/Restructuring (which is the the same as layoffs as they force you to move into a job in which you are neither qualified or interested in doing so that you choose to leave and they don't have to pay you severance)
Advice: You need a critical mass to make effective, organizational change.  GM is a huge ship and pretty impossible to change the direction of the culture.  However, 1) get a CEO who has worked in other types of environments and not GM ALL of her life.  2) do a clean sweep of the level that reports to CEO and then, carefully, select only a few of the lower layers of mgt to stay.  3) Get RID of all the layers of management, 4) None of this matters cause GM will never listen and never learn.
Pros: Vacation (time off gets to 4 weeks in 3 years)
Pay seems to be equal or slightly higher 
Big Name Company
If you are really into cars?

Cons: Toxic management. HR is useless. Back stabbing and information hoarding. By far one of the most toxic places in my whole career. Senior employees despise new hires.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay , meeting some good people

Cons: Work life balance was terrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and compensation were good.

Cons: Poor management from the region on down. On my team, every one of them was a seasoned sales person. The middle management couldn't sell water to someone lost in the desert. Often, they did more harm than good when they visited. The layoffs were interesting because GM lost a lot of new talent and retained a lot of dead weight. The management was only shuffled and those that were part of GM bankruptcy were still retained. Kind of like hoping your poker hand changes just by switching the cards around. Since the decisions were in the hands of the middle and region management, management suffered no loss and they cut elsewhere. And yes, even if you were a high performer with degrees and dealership management experience, if your manager did not like you, you're out.
Advice: As long as weighty decisions are left in the hands of middle and regional management, outcomes will always be seen as unfair or inept. Train managers to be managers instead of them just falling into the job because they are there. Being called "manager" does not give one the ability to manage suddenly. Otherwise, great products.
Pros: Great pay and benefits, great coworkers. The new company car every so often was great.

Cons: Very limited upward mobility to grow your career. Leadership is not concerned about developing younger talent but quick to criticizing your development needs. Severe lack of diversity in Sales and Marketing management positions in field and HQ. Tend to promote people with a lack of experience or time with the company and overlook great employees with a lot of experience. Promotions go to people who look the part rather than those with skills do do the job. If not a good looking white male your opportunities will be severely limited.re levelling field positions and taking away bonuses and company cars even though company is making Billions each quarter this year. Very hard to move up unless you are connected.
Advice: Need to be more transparent in your feedback to employees about what they can do to grow their career and promotional opportunities.  Need a lot more diversity in management positions including Asians, Indian, and African Americans other than the token few. Be more humble and less arrogant. Develop your experienced talent instead of promoting reps with a lack of experience into leadership roles like Zone Managers.
Pros: Great people to work with. Made many great friendships over my years with the company.

Cons: HR controls professional growth and can be delimiting factor to promotion and advancement in the company. There are rules that HR has set in place to prevent people from being promoted too quickly which makes me furious. If someone is providing significant value to GM and management wants to promote them, HR should support the promotion, NOT shoot it down.
Advice: HR promotion policies are contributing to a poor retention rate and salaries are not competative for IT employees who have been with the company for 4+ years, there is a major gap specifically in the Information Security organization.
Pros: GM is a very exciting place to work if you are in the tech/IT industry. There is so much innovation and change happening it feels good and rewarding to work on leading edge innovations. 

The culture at GM is positive for several reasons. The employees take family and outside work life important, including executive leadership and Barra the CEO. Flexibility has also been great.

Training and certifications have been always been granted when asked for.

Cons: * Those that are courageous and push the status-quo get a target on their back. "Don't rock the boat".
* You are only as good as your current manager/director.  If they leave, you may be in trouble.
* Still a network of friends.  The best don't always get chosen for new roles and responsibilities.  Plenty of slackers are in management, enjoying country club life.
Advice: * Do more with less.  Cut the fat.  You have too many employees.
* Be more agile and fail fast.
* Take care of those that work hard, connect the dots and are constantly contributing.
* Overhaul IT.  The new, Austin IT is arrogant, dishonest and pure evil (I am not in IT).  The Detroit IT folks are mistreated, over-worked (since the are onsite)  and fired left and right.   In sourcing makes sense if you have the talent and expertise to meet or exceed the talent that was procured by out-sourcing.  GM IT has a long way to go....
Pros: * Excellent pay and benefits.
* Great co-workers.
* Very little stress.
* Easy to coast/stay under the radar.

Cons: low starting salary
lots of red tapes
bullying new hires

you need to know how to deal with people like a politician to survive, experienced employees like bullying and stabbing others(especially against new hires) in the back. Technical skill is less important than communication skill. You performance is evaluated by whom you know not what you know. 

Starting salary is the same for all new hires regardless of their background(and it's below the average). No matter if you a CS major or business major, the salary is all the same as software developers
Advice: Add more techinical questions to the interview process, pure behavioral questions will not help you find the most qualified candidates.
Pros: relatively easy to get the job offer.
good work-life balance
good mentorship(at least in my team)

I'm lucky that my team members are really helpful when I just get started, when I have questions I can always find the right people to ask and it works well. Also my manager is really nice and cares about my growth.

Cons: I think coming initially coming into the company, it was a little scary. Everyone was so busy that it didn’t feel like a real opportunity to me. I didn’t get a ton of work in my first year and it made me scared that I wouldn’t even make it a full year at the company.
Advice: I would like management to pair new hires closer to senior developers. It would be nice to be hired and instantly be working on real projects and watching how the senior level people work throughout their day.
Pros: Everyone is so friendly at this company. General Motors has been the biggest blessing in my life. They treat everyone wonderfully, they offer a great salary, and the benefits can’t be better. It’s hard to initially get into a company right out of college. General Motors gives you a chance to come in, learn some skills, and broaden your horizons. I can’t think of any other company that I’d rather work for. I came in right out of college, but would like to stay my entire career.

Cons: There is no stability.  There company is very volatile and will cut positions and teams without any notice.  In two years and two months of employment I with through 2 job role eliminations.  Very much still an old school butts in desk culture where you're not judged by what you do and have people hovering over wanting to know why you're not in your desk even if you're working in the same building working in a conference room for extended periods.
Advice: Adjust your culture for the younger work force.  Evolve the culture to reward work with the realization that the Monday-Friday 8-5 in the office work environment has been proven to not be effective.  Jobs come with levels that limit people to achieving success based off of past accomplishment as applying for positions your qualified for but may be more than one level above your current position is extremely difficult and relies on who you know not what you've done.
Pros: You quickly accumulate vacation days and have liberal holidays.  For salaried employees there's no real cap on personal days.  Generous relocation packages.

Cons: cons are starting of as a temp you have no rights and you dont no when and if you are gonna get laid off from work and have to start looking for a new job like me after 8 months they are cutting a shift and now im out of a job
Advice: advice to managment is to push for the employes to become permenant becouse the employees have familys to support to and bills to pay people drop other jobs to go to gm to better there lifes just like you guys had the oppertunitys to do so if your gonna cut a shift atleast transfer the temps that deserve to work becouse they busted there buts as well as you did to get were you are
Pros: the only problem there is if you start of as a temp you can be let go at anytime but once you get past that time its a great place to work and great people to work for and some of the team leaders are there willing to help and do there job and some of the group leaders are very awsome to work for

Cons: I didn't like it there at all
Advice: No advice at this time
Pros: Good, great, nice, warm, bland

Cons: Terrible backstabbing culture. Directors believe they are Gods and you must serve them.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, paid leave, traveling locally.

Cons: There isn't anywhere to go anymore.  They have down rated some of the next level employees, so a promotion wil be out of the question.  Its still the same old GM, nothing new here.  
If they ever figure out how to run the plants with out being scared of the union, that will be amazing.  I see people every day sleeping on the job, or not on the job and nowhere to be seen.
For some reason, they (mgt) forget that its their business to see that everyone is working productively.  
Its also very hard to get to another division.  I'm in a job I hate, but can't get anywhere else either.  They fail to see what peoples strengths are and promote accordingly.  I've seen many promotions that weren't warranted.   
Its real sad to see how the salary organization is treated.  The hourly organization was offered a very generous buyout, but we just got to pack up our office with a lousy severance package.
I would not encourage anyone to work for GM, unless your'e hourly, then youv'e got it made!
Advice: When are we ever going to wake up?  Quit letting the unions run our plants!
Pros: Money, thats about it.  Oh of course, all the down time from falling sales.  Loved that!

Cons: A lot of the Union members favor an adversarial relationship with management, as opposed to understanding that it behooves us to work cohesively. The upper management is more "tolerable" of disrespectful behavior from Union leadership than what I'm accustomed to, but that seems to be common in this area. I'm not confident it's the same way in Detroit.
Advice: Maintain the unity that I've seen amongst salary individuals thus far. In addition, we need to perpetuate the imperative nature of our success to the hourly employees. The company (like any other), could easily find itself in a bad situation again, depending on our actions and the economy.
Pros: General Motors offers some of the best benefits available from a work place. We have 16 scheduled paid holidays, and start out with 3 weeks vacation. The medical benefits are also phenomenal in comparison to many other companies. Most people that complain either haven't worked anywhere else, or haven't done so in a very long time. In addition. the pay is also very competitive.

Cons: The purpose of the college hire program is to give them experience and have them leave before the 3 years to a mid-level position is complete. If they don't leave, they are forced out. When GM undergoes an automobile downturn, they fire employees who did good work for them for years, sometimes even more than 5-10 years. Most of the seniors, tech leads, developers, and college hires have left. Last year, GM fired many people in front of their own colleagues. There is favoritism by certain managers intentionally giving out negative reviews so those favorite managers can keep their job. The hr and favorite managers are doing a terrible job. The culture is so bad. Fairness is gone and when they fire you because of their automobile downturn they turn it on their former employees. 

There are multiple negative reviews of GM.
Advice: Fire your HR and managers giving out negative reviews intentionally to fire people so they can keep their jobs. Be fair with your employees. GM's culture changed because of favoritism and bad HR hires.
Pros: Good benefits, bonus for college hires, annual raises

Cons: I was hired as a temp in Febuary 2007 i was making  22 dollars per hour.It was less then the traditional workers were
making but not by much it was fine.when the new contract came about we were told that if it passed 500 temps would be hired at our plant and those that was not hired would be if we were still there after jan 2 08,well we were brought back January 2 08 but was not hired and was told instead of making us full time traditional employees they would pay us for x mas vacation and allow us to come back after new year but as temps still.
Fast forward to June 08 after being laid off for 6 months was called back again as temps but this time got hired as perm. however it was at the two-tier wage of 14 per hour which is supposed to be for non-core jobs such as maintenance or paint mixing and the such something that does' nt involve building the vehicles but i have been back on the same job i was before working side by side with my traditional co workers doing the same job as me for 30 per hour.
Advice: get rid of two-tier wages
Pros: none for new workers all new hires are entry level starting at 14 per hour

Cons: Far too many politics.  Project is put before People and Product - leading to unhappy people and low quality Product.  Far too much pressure to meet deadlines - at the cost of quality and even sanity.  Too many people looking out for themselves.  Getting ahead by stepping on others instead of by showing initiative, innovation, and enthusiasm.  Much of this culture seems to trickle down from senior management.  You don't see it in the younger folks.  Much of it seems to come from Dell and HP (who came from Dell) employees.
Advice: You won't be able to compete with other IT organizations if you don't start placing People first.  Make people happy to work there because its a great place to work.  Don't make them feel like they should be happy to have a job.  A positive work environment works REALLY well in the IT industry.  IT folks are not line workers, and can't be measured by simple numbers.  The need to have the tools and freedom to think and innovate.  See Google.
Pros: I loved the enthusiasm and energy from the younger developers. The 401K is good BUT only vests after 3 years!  They don't like to mention that part during interviews.

Cons: There are still pockets of "Old GM" employees that need to retire or sent off to retirement.  The company is changing at exponential pace yet many of the old timers just can't adapt fast enough to not be in the way of progress.  We still hear the standard old timer GM battle cry "that's not how we used to do things". Time to be put out to pasture and let the next generation move up the ranks.
Advice: Continue on the current path of change, but expedite the pace.  Your next generation of leaders are waiting in the wings to take charge.
Pros: Genuine concern for employees apparent from generous benefits including:
1) Comprehensive medical plan with company paying $1500 into HSA/FSA if you  get an annual physical. 2) Company 401K contributions = 4% standard plus another 4% if you contribute), 3 Significant PTO (vacation & holidays)...in fact we had recent election Tuesday as a paid holiday. 4) $8,000 per year per employee for continuing education. All of that on top of an above market pay scale and annual bonus plan.

Cons: Culture is hidebound. Too many managers are interested only in their own careers and not in the development of subordinates. Upper management is divorced from the product and from the line level employees. There has been a stranglehold on job movement for the last 5 years -- lateral moves used to be common, now they are nearly impossible to achieve. Upward mobility is negligibly available -- many high level jobs have been demoted or re-leveled.
Advice: Explain why various departments are structured the way that they are. Be more honest when discussing future corporate direction -- saying that you cannot say is better than a misleading or outright false statement.  Selectively cull a significant fraction of the mid-level management and backfill with industry outsiders.
Pros: Good product discount. Interesting technology to work on. Some opportunity to try different jobs and locations. Pay is generally good compared to tier one suppliers and competitive compared to other large industrial manufacturing companies.  If you are VERY motivated to work extremely long hours and basically do anything it takes, advancement to high levels of management is possible. Company is extremely committed to diversity.

Cons: Vesting takes 3 years.
Technology is ~ 10 yrs behind the current state of things.  If you don't keep current on your own you will end up with a skill set not relative to the current job market. (Struts, anyone ??)
Meetings can take up to 80% of the week with little accomplished.
Hardly anyone is ever promoted - regardless of what is advertised.
Basically all the offshore consultants were hired and brought onshore.  GM has a PAC/dept that "guides/informs" all of them on legislative/immigration issues.  These letters were never sent to any US citizens - only those on a visa.  This was about 50%+ of the mail in the mail room.
The most fear-driven micromanagers I have ever seen. Ever.
Advice: You need to seriously stop the micromanagement, especially from non-technical managers (about all of them).
Start by hiring those that understand testing is an integral part of development and not just an afterthought.
Hiring students out of college without any interview at all is really a bad policy.
Stop having so many "town halls".  With so many layers of management having a monthly meeting + the usual weekly ones, it is hard for folks to get anything done.
Pros: Great health plan
Some folks were great to work with and I learned a lot from them.

Cons: A bit slow towards the beginning...but thts typical of every company really...you don't just dive in to the work first day, gotta go through training and wat not
Advice: None
Pros: Their IT sector transformed immensely. GM seems to have taken past mistakes and downturns seriously and put effort in 2011 to transform the company. They insourced 90% of IT within these past 5 years, growing IT employee count from 2000 in 2011 to 12000 now, which is AMAZING 

With that, there's a sense of stability and positivity the company is going in right direction.

Flexibility, work life balance is really good (so far at least), two vehicle discounts (unlike other auto companies who give just one), and pretty relaxing environment...very nice buildings and campus 

Last but not least, the technology is very new...they even give new laptops, and are in the process of upgrading to Windows 10.

One of the most amazing things I've seen in my life are the data centers hosting the servers...magnificent architecture!

Lastly, the hierarchy for the company is pretty short, which is really good. It feels like you're just 2 steps away from the CEO

Cons: As with any large corporation, there is a certain amount of difficulty with communication between the layers of workers and between departments.  This has improved drastically in the last few years, but still remains to some extent.
Advice: Keep up the good work!  I believe we are on the right track and have some of the best product and highest quality that we have ever had.  We are at a turning point in our evolution, and we will come out of this stronger than we were when the economic problems began.
Pros: GM is a great company to work for, I have a high level of pride when I tell people I work for GM.  In my position, I am empowered to make decisions and control the product development that I am responsible for.  GM is not just a US company, we are a Global company, and have improved the living standards of many people who have worked for us and for the suppliers and businesses that that support our manufacturing.

Cons: They still haven't weeded out the old style managers the ones that use intimidation and job threats to try to get performance results. Long hours 10 hour days sometimes 6 and 7 days a week. The union environment is not ideal by any means and ultimately unless you are higher up in the company the compensation just isn't worth what you have to deal with on a day to day management.
Advice: Upper Management (The Staff) need to have more one on one meetings with entry level supervisors. I feel the staff really does try to make GM a workplace of choice but 9 times out 10 they have no idea what is going on out on the floor. The are fed lines from middle management and just assume that what they are saying is true. You need to inspect what you expect.
Pros: The company is very large so there are opportunities to move within the company but the downside is you need permission from your current employer to move so your career path is in their hands. If you're lucky enough to move up through the ranks the compensation is very good not to mention they give you a company car. They do offer bonuses, but they are based off of profit sharing numbers and performance.

Cons: If you are in the IT profession, stay far away from General Motors. They first began doing heavy outsourcing in the early 2000's of the systems development and IT support functions. Now, they are beginning the next phase where they are outsourcing the management of those functions. They are currently in the process of negotiating the next major outsourcing contracts, which will take effect June 2011. For those IT managers that still exist, most will be gone by that time. If they hire any additional people between now and then, they will only be used as (indirect) consultants until the new contracts are signed, then they will be gone as well. GM is trying to return solely to the automobile industry and get out of the IT, defense, mortgage, and any other non-automobile market.
Advice: Outsourcing may look like an effective cost-cutting measure, but the benefits will be short lived. There are multiple factors that will turn your short-term savings into long-term problems, including a loss of cost savings, customer satisfaction, and quality.
Pros: I received a lot of free training at GM, including PMP and ITIL training, which led to testing for, and receiving certifications. There is also a lot of paid time off during the year, including July and Christmas-New Years.

Cons: Promotions/raises/bonuses have nothing to do with how well you perform or what you contribute, but rather how much you kiss up to management.  Many talented employees leave because they are not rewarded appropriately.  Overall it is very unfair place to work, rampant with cronyism and managers seeking to have their egos stroked.  Over the last 5 years many unqualified people have been promoted to management positions without earning or deserving it.
Advice: Dinosauric managers need to be retired.  If GM wants to become a "workplace of choice" like they always tout, they need to treat everyone fairly and rewards need to be performance and merit based, not based on who you know.  GM's vision & values is an admirable goal, but a far cry from reality.  These values will never be achieved without modern management.
Pros: Opportunity to work with new technology, able to gain skills if you are in a good area.  Good pay (but poor work life balance), vacation, and benefits.  Company seems to be in an upswing.

Cons: They dont care about you. They put you in situations in which u can get yourself injured. They keep adding to jobs which are already overloaded.  Temp employees have no rights. 10 yrs and they fired me because of my injury at work
Advice: Actually give a crap about your employees. They are not robots. Hire people who would take pride in their job. Not people who start drama and drink while working. You turned our iwn union against us by mining their pockets to do what you say. Id never buy a GM vehicle. They say quity quality quality. When they get mad when line stops when somethins wrong. Keep it going. Therefore creating  a a poor product. Never in my life will i purchase or support GM in any way shape or form. How about giving your workers more time off during the yr. More VR days. Working 6 days a week ans you think you are foung to build a quality product. Ipen your eyes to what you are doing to your workers yiu fired me because i hurt .y back while working for your company. I was on sick leave when you fired me. Yeah. You dont care about nothing
Pros: Money. Days off during holidays

Cons: The UAW rules that have been established over the years now have the company at a competitive disadvantage. Toyota continues to get better, even though GM has closed the gap in quality. There is still bureaucracy in management and UAW which eliminates the possibility to make quick decisions, thus leaving GM behind the competition, or being threatened by strikes by the UAW.
Advice: There needs to be a flatter management structure and elimination of outdated concessions given to UAW dating back the past 50 years. I believe it will be difficult for GM to make it with the current management; not because they are bad people, but because they cannot see the forest for the trees. The culture is ingrained with past agreements with the UAW and a theory of entitlement, and unless this is changed quickly, GM will continue to lose market share. Until this is effectively addressed, GM will continue to backslide.
Pros: GM provides a good salary and benefits to both salary and hourly employees. The company is still large enough to be a major producer of vehicles.

Cons: Company claims to want to innovate but something as simple as using a new library or software requires multiple months to get approved by both architects and the legal team. Insane amount of beauracracy and red tape. Heavily silo-ed environment where teams focus on only one small piece of the puzzle and refuse to help with anything outside their area of expertise. Developing any application requires multiple meetings with multiple teams who often block anything that falls outside dictated standards. Hardware requests can take months and require multiple meetings with architects who push back on every request. Reactive mentality to only increase hardware resources when problems occur rather than a proactive mentality to prevent those problems in the first place. Standards are enforced by the letter rather than the spirit.
Advice: Give developers more flexibility to innovate rather than tying their hands with excessive process and red tape.
Pros: Opportunities for leadership.
Opportunities for management if so inclined. 
Decent salary.
Good benefits.
Large amount of vacation days if you are able to take them.

Cons: Too many middle and upper managers that make 2-10 times the floor managers.  Most don't have a clue how floor operations work and these are the people who take all the credit.  Very few leaders that can influence change for the better.  Most Upper Mgt. is worried about their own bonuses, thus, they are afraid to take chances to "think out of the box".  This is everyday status quo and why we are so slow to react compared to other companies.
Advice: Listen more to your workforce.  The answers are there.  Start reading between the lines.  Too many managers "suck-up" for personal gain rather than for company & stockholders interests.  Wagoner is doing his best.
Pros: It pays the bills and it's nice getting vehicle discounts.  There are some very talented people that make the company run.  The hourly have come a long way in their work ethics.  There is truly a sense of change for the better in union/mgt. relations.

Cons: Right now, survival of the company is all that employees are thinking about. So other downsides like lack of adequate compensation, career growth, benefits etc. are insignificant. The employees are mostly Detroit area locals. People from other states will feel like fish out of water.
Advice: Please declare bankruptcy, get rid of liabilities and start afresh with a smaller company.
Pros: Seems to be an OK company for someone looking to make a career in the Auto industry. As everyone must be aware by now there will not be an auto industry in the US for a few decades. The company still manages to keep a modicum of former era benefits like education assistance, 401K match etc. They seem to be very flexible as far as work schedules are concerned. GM tries to shield employees from their financial troubles and does a great job at it. There have hardly been any layoffs in its 100 year history. Their processes and organizational design is a good case study for MBA students, its got plenty of good and bad features.

Cons: COMMUNICATION, which is a known con for just about any global enterprise, company still operates in silos at times, senior/executive management appears to have different views and ideas from mid-level management, can sometimes cause confusion to sub-ordinates at the end of the day and delay production
Advice: Stay consistant with ideas, projects, and agenda's from executive leadership all the way down to the sub-ordinate levels. Mid-level management should actually lead and when necessary object to executive level leadership if what's being asked from sub-ordinates isn't possible. Get  the "yes mam" "yes sir" mentally out of here. It was the root cause for the recent ignition switch problem.
Pros: competitive salary, company phone + computer, competitive benefits package, annual end of year shut down (10 paid days off from work), Team GM annual bonuses, ability to check out new vehicles for a week upto 4 times a year, limitless opportunities for career growth and advancement if you network and market yourself to the right people.

Cons: Career advancement - While there are a lot of great learning opportunities in the early stages of an IT career, your prospects dry up fast after about 3 years. GM IT has a horrible habit of burning out top talent - if you establish yourself as a dedicated, talented employee, you are more likely to get stuck with the same work over and over again until you are hating life, rather than interesting, high visibility projects to advance your career because your manager only cares about the bottom line. If you think you can just switch teams think again - constant political battles between middle management make it very difficult to change to a job you'd rather do. And even if you do make the switch, you'll likely mess up your chances for a promotion or have to take a pay cut because HR has way too much control over employee compensation and makes it really hard to get a pay raise. They (HR) recently established quotas for the number of people in each organization that can be at a certain pay/benefit grade, and most teams are over the line so 90% of employees are stuck at their current level, by default. I've seen a lot of people quit recently because they were approved for promotions (sometimes by directors and/or executives) but were denied by HR (a lot of them were women, what's up with that Mary Barra?) who cite "policy". 

Perks - Although GM's traditional benefits are very good, a lot of the perks you'd expect to see with a huge car company are just not there. You don't get a company car unless you are a senior manager or higher, and even then you'll likely get stuck with something clunky that GM can't sell. Only the executives get the "cool" cars. There used to be an awesome program where more junior employees could try out cars for a week, but the company took it away to cut costs. This really sucks because employee discounts on GM cars are embarrasingly bad - most people use standard retail discounts because they are actually better.

Culture - GM recruiters sell the IT department as a "tech startup funded by a multi-billion dollar corporation". In reality, it's more like a "large consulting firm under long term contract with GM" in that there's very little of the aggressive,
innovative culture that you would see in a startup. Red tape is everywhere - you need 3 to 5 approvals just to get read-only access to a non-secret production database for example. The more established you get, the more time you'll
spend in endless meetings, which usually results in worse work-life balance because you end up doing most of your real work after hours. The rest of GM hasn't really embraced IT either...you'll spend about as much time selling your work as you do actually doing it. 

Middle Management - Middle management and tech leads are, by and large, awful. There's a few exceptions but most of them are petty, lazy, and constantly playing politics. Many of the ones in Austin have been working together for 20+ years, so there's a lot of nepotism and playing favorites. A lot of the reason for the career advancement logjam that I mentioned before is because some of the managers brought in "paid friends" from other companies at job grades way higher than they deserve, so they are enjoying high pay and company cars for very little output and preventing other people from getting promoted. If you aren't part of that culture and don't pay homage to the old boys club, forget about gaining any sort of career clout. Many of them have a consulting mindset and tend to overpromise to the business, signing up their developers for work they either don't know how to do or don't have time for (or both), and which usually doesn't deliver much value or isn't functional, but "it's what the business wants and we have to do as we are told...so...¯\_(ツ)_/¯". Many of them also get road rage in the parking lot and on commutes - we are constantly going over safety messages because the company cars are always getting wrecked or getting tickets for bad driving.

Infrastructure - GM's IT architecture is ancient, cheap, and something is almost always broken. This can make it really hard to test and deploy code because you'll often have to wait until environments are less busy or fixed in order to do your work. The old Austin IT facility was a former Dell building and was a great work environment. Lots of natural light, bright colors, and open air. The company is moving Austin IT to a new building, and it feels like a massive downgrade. It's an old warehouse which is very obvious. Exposed piping/wiring everywhere, exposed insulation on the ceilings which periodically falls on you, very few windows, drab and grey walls and floors, HOLES IN THE FLOOR UNDER THE CARPET and generally not ergonomic or safe. All the "renovations" feel very rushed and cheaply done. Even basic things like bathroom plumbing and water fountains barely work.
Advice: Don't be afraid to trim the fat in IT middle management. Most of them are yes-men who only have their own best interests in mind, and they are preventing employees who actually move the needle at GM from ascending the ranks. Don't be so obsessed with cutting costs that you make employees unhappy and keep them from growing their careers. Taking away company vehicle perks was a huge disappointment, especially without at least an employee leasing program to replace it. Take a look at Ford and Mercedes and take a cue for how they promote their products to their employees. If you really want top tech talent this will convince the kinds of employees you want to opt for GM instead of Facebook, Google, Indeed, or even other in-house shops like Walmart and Home Depot. Austin and Atlanta are huge tech hubs and GM is getting a reputation for being a talent farm, so make some changes if you want to retain top tech talent.
Pros: DISCLAIMER - This review is specific to IT in Austin, Texas. GM is a massive global company and each location, department, and team has a different culture. 

Benefits - GM's traditional benefits are some of the best you'll get anywhere. Healthcare is very comprehensive and includes an awesome wellness incentive program, and the 401K is probably one of the best of any company in any industry. You'll get a lot of the usual stuff too - corporate discounts, company merch, etc.

Compensation - Pay is certainly not bad, but can vary in competitiveness by location. IT jobs aren't scaled by how valuable skills are in their respective markets so every gets paid pretty much the same. This is great for the Detroit and Phoenix offices but isn't great in Atlanta and is not competitive in Austin. The company is trying to fix this and has adjusted starting salary for junior employees to be more competitive (although they are hoping more experienced ones will not notice I guess) The bonus is a double-edged sword - on paper it sounds really good but can vary wildly from year to year. It's based more on the overall performance of the company rather than individual merit, so you could have an awesome year but if the company does poorly your bonus will take a big hit. GM has had a couple of great years but last year wasn't so good and this year is shaping to be pretty bad, so don't expect bonuses to pay dividends for a while. This used to be offset by one-off performance awards that would occasionally be given out, but this was recently replaced by a weird game-show-like points system.  Again - overall still good, just not as good as it used to be, or could be.

Top Management - The C-Suite and executive leadership have an excellent outlook and are usually transparent about the goals and challenges the company is facing. They have a good read on industry trends and try to adapt as quickly
as a giant multi-national company can.
Work-Life Balance - GM doesn't have a sink-or-swim culture, which is excellent for folks fresh out of college. You'll get a lot of support, training, and (usually) reasonable expectations in your first year. If you manage your time well and play your cards right (see Cons section for how this can fall apart) you'll never work more than 40ish hours a week.

Other - GM has every ELA under the sun, so any tool you need to do your job you'll (eventually) get. Most associate-level employees are helpful and easy to get along with. There's a handful of cynical old cranks and smug millenial/GenX dudebro types but it's not too hard to find a niche.

Cons: Although movement was possible, moving upward was more of a wise-tale or odds similar to winning at a lottery.  The eviroment was driven more from who you know (more accuratly, who your dad was and knew) vs. positive job results and hard work.  This "boys club" is well known and commonly referenced as the "mofia" who remains in power even after the government bailout.  The people who have remained with the company are those not marketable to other employers.  Strong young talent is almost never recognized or appreciated.
Advice: Those in power and making decisions should more strongly consider that you will need a strong and more youthful work force for your pension and retirement benefits to continue after you give up the race.
Pros: The people working at the company tend to be very strong in company pride and desire to make it a better company.  With most large companies there were opportunities to move into different areas of the business and gain new skills and knowledge.

Cons: The bureaucracy in product development rivals the government.  The rigidness to standards and procedures can be overwhelming.  The manufacturing side of engineering whines more than a motor with a bad bearing.  Most manufacturing/assembly personnel are very unwilling to try anything new or push the envelope.  Most of upper level management is out of touch with what is really going on in the new programs.  There is little to no opportunity for advancement unless you find it yourself - and even the HR and management will tell you that as well.
Advice: Promote those who deserve it, not those who kiss ass and ask for it.
Pros: GM can be a great place to work with unique opportunities, creative design problems, wonderful people, and a good balance of work to life.  Most mid level management are good people to work for in your functional area.  Salary is typically good to better than most, and the benefits are top notch as they have always been.

Cons: With the company being large, and having such a history, there are many systems, and many processes, some of which are archaic and hard to change. At the same time we are trying to change ourselves quickly to be more nimble, which is a great challenge.
Advice: There is great work - life integration, but sometimes the balance is out of whack, that starts at the top by example and is driven by even simple leadership requests through the organization. So be aware that what you ask, drives a lot of work, which can be good, but is a challenge. 

It would be awesome to know more about future changes internally before we find out in the news. 

We are excited for the future, keep leading the way.  Let's embrace the remote work and not limit ourselves to talent that wants to live in South East Michigan.
Pros: With such a large and growing company, and very different businesses internal to GM, there are many broad opportunities where you can apply similar skill sets to different roles.

Cons: You get placed randomly into a department/team as a new college hire. The 3 week long mandatory training is worthless and you'll have to self-teach yourself a lot to prepare for the work you'll be doing. You'll either find yourself doing nothing most of the time or stuck into doing things you've not been prepared/trained to do.

There's an odd social hierarchy formed on job positions. Us "lower level" employees sit there and listen while the higher position employees talk above us in conference calls. Weirdest social environment I've ever been in. Depending on the team you get placed on it can be toxic.

There's very little room for professional/career development with a lot of folks still not promoted or moved up after they put in years. If you have other job offers, I suggest you weigh out the pros and cons because you will not learn, develop, grow, or move up in GM unless you become friends with upper management. At the minimum, you have to stay 3 years for full benefits (401k contributions and to nullify relocation package recollections).
Advice: Improve the NCH program. It feels an awful lot like a bad internship.
Pros: No micromanagement depending on who you work under and good opportunity to relocate with the generous relocation package. Decent benefits.

Cons: Absolutely no vision for the development of new hires. You're basically on your own. If you are lucky enough to have a manager who is a good person and believes it is his/her job to help you develop, you can stay where you are for years.

R&D in the recent decade has always been struggling with constantly (justifying our existence).

Full lack of transparency in promotions and bonuses.

Leadership in the last 4 years has been more concerned with inter-company politics than with actually achieving prosperity for the company.
Advice: Pay more attention to your young caliber who are ambitious and hungry for achievements, but just are not receiving proper coaching. I have seen many smart people while working there who have been there for around 10 years and still waiting for a chance because they are not aggressive enough.
Pros: GM R&D has a good reputation extending from the past, so when you work there you enjoy outsiders appreciating where you work, even though this only comes from the past. with no real present impact.

Cons: Dog eat dog culture
It’s all about who you know
Performance review process - less focus on employee improvement and more on putting employees in their place
No feedback during the year from leader
Can be hard to get things done
Focus on training has decreased 
I’ll probably never be able to attend a conference again
Work facility is poor, I have no space for anything 
Focus on results at all costs
Forced org structure of all people managers having at least 12 people makes for very odd organizational dynamics. Very bizarre
Advice: You have built a culture in IT that is around those that all used to work together in HP or Dell. That isn’t healthy.  The rest of the people are suspect 
You need to have good people managers in leadership 
We need to have leaders that care about employees
Pros: Good pay and benefits 
Lots of different roles/opportunities 
Great CEO
Mission and vision have improved
Exciting technology 
Great cars and trucks

Cons: A large number of incompetent middle managers in IT. A lot of long and pointless meetings. The ratio between middle management and employees in IT is just ridiculous. At one point I was on a project where: 5 developers were managed by 5 managers. On my previous job such kind of project would take 1 manager and 6 months; at GM it took 18 months to finish. Managers insisted on implementing a design, which nobody can use.  So nobody is using the software we developed. I wasted 18 months of my life.  Every IT meeting is full of self-congratulating speeches about innovation; innovation is happening, but so slow...
Advice: Reduce bureaucracy, cut the number of meetings.  IT is full of managers who just playing bureaucratic games instead of working on projects, which can produce real results.  Get rid of the people.  Minimize the number of projects, which use outdated technologies.
Pros: Good work/life balance. Mostly nice people, good benefits.

Cons: HRM is horrific,  the IT organizations are horrific and bureaucratic and arrogant, and deliver expensive corporate databases that don't work.  I would avoid all IT jobs,  the corporate staffs are screwed up white collar welfare departments,  avoid them too,  The only places I woukd work would be engineering or finance,  you can have a good and satisfying job and career in those areas,  not much hope anywhere else.
Advice: Need to start over with the IS&S  and IT departments, which are a big ugly mess being hid from top management with too much hot air.   need to replace current top management in those areas.  The IT situation is horrid and getting worse and dominated by political hacks that fool top management.
Pros: The engineering organization  is  fairly good,  they have their act together in more departments than not.   The company is  large and some  departments  suck.  People are pretty laid back,  some of the work is quite interesting and challenging.

Cons: Difficult to move up to a different salary level.  IT teams are spread across different US time zones but yet are expected to collaborate constantly.  CIO is not supportive at all of working from home even though there is a big space crunch and we are always on the phone with our various US locations.
Advice: Research telecommuting.  If your employees don't have to spend an hour commuting/parking/walking to the office, they can spend that hour working.  Stop treating employees like they're children who can't be trusted to work without someone watching them.  The quantity and quality of their work will let you know whether working from home is working out or not.  If you think that being in the office means they can collaborate, then why did you put the rest of their team in other US locations?
Pros: Best benefits in the industry, in my opinion.  Pretty flexible for work/life balance.  Nice office atmosphere (RenCen).

Cons: Not challenging at all, feels like babysitting a bunch of old folks (union), some are good but the majority do want to sink the GM ship. Plus you'll hate putting on the radio, the working conditions are terrible, at least at the Flint facility, sound pollution, very dirty, not a very healthy facility. Plus, some of the managers seem like mentally challenged, they would usually get impressed by trivial stuff, not very rewarding for people that value themselves. HR people couldn't be this dumb, they can't communicate with you because they don't understand anything since all they do all day is chit-chat, and eat, and get greasy fat. Boring environment, a lot of old folks hating their 30 yr job career at GM, very FRUSRATING.
Advice: Not everybody in management is bad, some are really good folks that work hard to get things straight, but most of them are very incompetent.
Pros: If you like manufacturing, its the place for you. Its like working at the Willie Wonka chocolate factory, only that its car parts. Cool for the first few weeks if you're me.

Cons: Office facilities out-of-date and poorly maintained, IT systems/staff inadequate, corporate culture needs to change faster, current economic crisis has negatively impacted auto industry, overly regulated industry, no U.S. government policy on energy, manufacturing, health care, business development.
Advice: Need to be more vocal about the 30-year record of incompetence by the U.S. government.  GM created many of its own problms, but Rick Wagoner fessed up to the mess several years ago and adressed the difficult issues with urgency and transparency.  It is time to push back on the U.S. government and ask for a coherent energy policy, health care policy, global trade policy, manufacturing policy, and tighter regulation of the banking and oil industries.  Maintain the perfect GM leadership track record of integrity and ethical practices.  Publicly promote GM's plant safety record, quality improvements, productivity gains, diversity policies and corporate responsibility.
Pros: Breadth of responsibility, complexity of industry, feeling of accomplishment, advanced technology, opportunity for cross-functional experience, global focus, quality culture, diversity practices, integrity and ethical practices throughout the company.

Cons: -5 call-ins per year regardless of seniority with no way to "earn" more.
-Temps are treated like rented mules.
-They claim safety is a concern but is put on the backburner in favor of production numbers.
-Not a good place to work if you have an active social life or plan on starting a family.
-Everything's constantly broken with no support or eagerness to invest in preventative maintenance.
-Overtime is rampant and is used as the default solution to the previously mentioned downtime issue.
-Local management is incompetent and only concerned with with short-term budget. They'd rather spend $1,000,000 over a year keeping a junk machine running than spend a one-time payment of $250,000 on a low maintenance replacement.
-Local management tries hiding GMS, health and safety violations from corporate by tidying up before corporate visits and audits only to let things slide back into disarray once corporate and auditors are gone.
Advice: Get rid of the clowns currently in charge of GM Powertrain Bedford, replace them with more competent people, buy better machines and watch your productivity skyrocket to the point overtime shouldn't be regularly needed.
Pros: -Full-time pay and benefits are outstanding. 
-Although the wage and vacation progression scales could use some work they're fair.

Cons: GM is a company to become a "one trick pony."  Most employees end up doing the same stuff year after year.  It is important to be placed in an important product development group.  Otherwise, career can quickly become meaningless. There are many bad managers.  Promotions are generally reserved for people involved in cost cutting.  Detroit is not a fun city either.
Advice: Employees need to be empowered and rewarded.  It is important to get rid of old boys clubs within the companies.
Pros: GM still pays better than many companies around Detroit as well as nationally.  If you are lucky to be in a good group, you get to do interesting work.  For a Mechanical Engineer, cars are among the most interesting things to work on.  Detroit suburbs are boring but have many good schools, affordable housing and the state of Michigan is home to good universities.

Cons: Bureaucratic: things don't move fast enough. The new (CEO and CIO) leadership is trying to change things but it takes a while to change the culture
Some areas can be political
The leadership tolerates low performers -- takes a lot of work to handle these
Could do better to recognize and reward high performers
HR policies are outdated
Leaders think they know everything and don't like to acknowledge that the world outside has better ideas: I don't see them adopting new techniques from conferences etc.
Advice: Wake up and see the world outside: it has changed a lot since GM was in the lead about 30 years ago. Detroit is not the whole world!
Pros: Lots of career opportunities: each business function can be a $30 billion company by itself. Being in IT, you can move around and gain different experience
Good work life balance: reasonable hours
Global opportunities: you get to work on global projects and if lucky, may even get an international assignment
For the 8th level Managers and above, the company car program is awesome.

Cons: There is a focus to bring in a large amount of new college hires for which to nourish and grow to become the company's core IT work population. However, there is not enough focus on the mid to senior level in terms of keeping talent for which the college hires will learn from. Without a competitive pay for the area, you'll continue to see a mass exodus of these employees which will severely impact the ability for GM to reap the benefits of their seeded college hires.
Advice: Crunch the math, at a minimum the company should match the average pay for the IT professional in their city of employment. The cost associated with training due to hire turnover does not even come close to the cost of adjusting salaries to align with local averages.
Pros: Startup feel, new projects and concepts being completed from scratch, cutting edge technology/frameworks. Great teams that have experienced, seasoned senior developers.

Cons: IT significantly lags behind current technology methods, infrastructure and organizational adaptability.  Career advancement in an analytical role is ill-defined, but I do think this is a problem that exists in many companies.
Advice: The IT organization needs to evolve to support the modern approach to analytics since it is currently stuck in the traditional, antiquated Business Intelligence paradigm.  Career development paths need to be defined for people in analytical roles to show them how their future can be at GM in the long-term.
Pros: I get to work on very challenging problems every day so there is no monotony whatsoever.  The people I work with are diverse and well credentialed, which makes for a very stimulating team environment.  Management is dedicated to the best interests of GM's customers and willing to try new things to solve a problem.

Cons: GM is still top heavy.  Management drove GM into the ground with the help of the union, yet those in management positions are still employed with fantastic salary and perks.  These people need to be removed from their positions to allow for fresh ideas and enthusiasm.  There cannot be a new GM with the same people in charge - even at the departmental level (level 8's and above).
Advice: Remove your level 8's if they have been in their positions for more than 10 years!  Stop promoting employees to think outside of the box IF they will only be "trouble-makers" for doing so.  Start listening to the squeeky wheels and make decisions that will change GM for the good forever.  Stop rebuilding the same machine, build something new!
Pros: Opportunities for learning about best practices in manufacturing.  Collecting a regular paycheck for an honest day's work.  Meeting some of the most intelligent people you will ever cross paths with.

Cons: Moving up is next to impossible here, they have one manager managing enormous teams, in the 3 year college program, there is no rotation or defined career path unless you go out and hunt for yourself. For a fortune 7 company, they really nickle and dime you, they're trying to be more like the newer tech startups, yet there are no freebies whatsoever, coffee, snacks, or even shirts? forget about it you pay for it all, they even charged parents to bring their kids on bring your kid to work day.
Advice: Rotate the New College Hires, set out defined career goals for them; without any opportunities to move up, employees will start to move out.
Pros: Good place to start out of college, big name on your resume. You start with 15 days paid vacation, many paid GM Holidays, Annual bonus, discount on GM cars, company phone. You can really make an impact here.

Cons: OT is basically straight time
Very political and cliquey 
Different/better opportunities for minorities and women
Very young and inexperienced HR/Labor dept that mostly does not back salary over the union
Treats new hires better than current high performing employees
Advice: Treat your current people as good as your new hires, they are the ones with the experience needed to move the needle at the company. Updating OT to where a supervisor never makes less than his employees on the weekends would be a great moral booster. Stop being so stringent on giving level 7 promotions to high performing supervisors, people dedicate A LOT of there lives to this company, they deserve to be compensated as such. Lastly, raises and bonuses should be more performance based. The new system revolving around everyone getting the same 3% each year to protect feelings is terrible for long term incentive and employee drive.
Pros: Good pay compared to other companies
Decent benefits
Does pay salary OT (somewhat, very limited rate)

Cons: Many of the employees there have never worked elsewhere so they don't bring in best practices from other industries.  To combat that, GM has high levels of interaction with agencies to bring creativity to their work.  You get great experience with high level thinking, but most executional work is taken on by agency partners.
Advice: The company situation is too complex at this point for me to provide recommendations without further research.
Pros: As an intern, GM is a great place to work because it is a global company with such a strong presence in the US.  You are treated as though you are a full-time employee, and are offered opportunities to interact with mid- to upper-level management and senior level executives.  There are many locations to live and work in and they offer competitive pay and perks.  Interaction with other interns can be achieved through housing arrangements, intern-initiated gatherings, case competitions, and company-planned intern events.

Cons: Being a large corporation, it can sometimes be difficult to make necessary changes in a timely fashion. Despite encouraging innovation, there are still politics involved, as every other corporation. Being a fairly low-pressure environment also slows things down a bit, though balanced with the greatly reduced stress that may or may not be a con. Salaries are not terribly competitive, but the benefits make up for some of that.
Advice: Providing more competitive IT salaries is the only way you're going to retain talent in this market. You've got everything else going for you, that's really the only thing pulling people away.
Pros: General Motors has a very open, friendly environment that encourages innovation. The benefits are fantastic and the job security is substantial. Very comfortable, definitely an easy company to spend your career at. The sheer scale and breadth of everything GM does means that if there's a job you want, you can find it here, and moving around isn't a problem. Great place to learn and grow.

Cons: Advancement opportunities are there but as with most major employers there are limitations to overcome. Those of us that are not on the short list must over achieve and excel daily. Making sure to go well beyond the boundaries or classification of level before ever being considered for advancement. Some Leaders are and forever will be clueless. How these leaders continue to stay employed certainly makes one scratch their head.
Advice: Open your eyes, knock off the nebulous direction  that wastes time. You need to consider your workforce and the churn you cause when you drive "Gotta Have" products then don't bother to market the product so NO ONE but your employees know they exist.
Pros: I've been with the corporation for a few years now. Not a bad place to work if you want to keep your head low and earn a decent salary. Some rewards and career fulfillment can be gained. Overall I think the corporation mind set is starting to wake up, just slowly. I'm hopeful the new CEO can turn things around.

Cons: Lack of growth / Pay increases
Advice: Cannot believe how inefficient processes are for a tech support desk. Many agents actually HAND WRITE their notes then slowly punch it into the computer because they lack adequate typing skills. Normal process for agents to leave customers on hold for 20+ minutes while they physically get up from their desk, walk across the building to speak with next level up about issues, sometimes agents even have to line up and wait for next level support. Voice mail process involves a level 1 agent HAND WRITING slips of paper with notes, then wandering around the office and handing them out to a level 2 to handle. For being HP tech company with GM, such high reliance on paper and wandering around office is ridiculous.
Pros: Pay is ok, work is easy in that, this desk does not adhere to any strict metrics, lots of goofing off is common place, was surprised to see what people get away with. Great entry level position - resume builder

Cons: Corporate sluggishness -I'd imagine this comes with most companies the size of GM, but it's frustrating how much documentation and review is required for even small software changes. This definitely puts us at a disadvantage when trying to remain on the cutting edge of innovation.
Upper management feels distant - Again, it's a huge company, but I've never even seen any of the upper execs. Milford is definitely isolated from the rest of the company and in some ways treated as inferior (neglect for facilities, etc)
Advice: Let your engineers loose. There are a ton of people working here that are bogged down in paper work when they could be creating.
Pros: Great benefits and pay for a recent graduate. Vacation time is amazing. 
Everyone I've worked with directly is competent and helpful.
Mobility within the company - If you don't like where you are, it's easy to research other groups within the company and move around. Seems like no one stays in one place for more than 5 years, and often less.

Cons: It's very corporate and political.  You feel like 60% of the people in the company are working against you instead of collaboratively to make progress for General Motors.  There's also an overall attitude of working "just enough to not get in trouble or fired...no more...no less."  Which makes you understand why it constantly feels like you're working on an inferior product, and yet nothing is changing fast enough to keep up with the marketplace.
Advice: Build in the infrastructure and culture that puts a priority on listening to customers and employees, so that the feedback actually gets to upper management.  Don't have all the management driving brand spankin new vehicles, where they don't have to experience the quality issues everyone else has to.  You'll never get the push for improving GM vehicles if there is a false perception that there's nothing wrong with them.
Pros: For the most part, you only work 40 hours a week and get to go home.  Employees are fairly laid back, friendly and helpful.

Cons: In a significant portion of job roles, it is assumed that you are omniscient, and little guidance is needed to "hit the ground running". Some see this as a Con, some see this as an opportunity to rise to the occasion. It depends on your personality. Whether you see this is a Pro or Con,  this an unnecessary risk to project execution.
Advice: Perhaps a better mentoring/oversight program can be encouraged to facilitate new job transition.
Pros: If you want to have a career in engine engineering, this is the place. The organization is very keen on developing engineering capability and broadening experiences. If you choose to diversify your experience in several engineering areas, or simply gaining experience with different components, the organization supports this pursuit. If you desire to experience all aspects of engine engineering, this is a great place to do it. I have worked at a small 6-person design firm, and now one of the largest corporations in the world, the opportunities for learning and growth are immense in this org.

Cons: Work life balance sucks if you're trying to get promoted. You're expected to contribute 110% on your job, be involved in recruiting, workplace of choice, and other different HR type initiatives just to put a check mark next to your name that you're a "leader". 
The never-ending pressure to always network feels very inauthentic. 
No good MBA reimbursement program (only $7K) per year, which is fine if you want to go to a low tier school, but doesn't work for most people who want to go to top 10 programs
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to work from home (hopefully stays after Covid)
20 vacation days to start +5 after 2 years and another +5 after 10 years
Noone is usually around last 2 weeks in December, so you're guaranteed to have amazing time off with no work (i usually travel overseas for 2-3 weeks in December and noone bothers me)
Bonuses are best in auto industry (typically $10K+)
Challenging assignments
Rotations every 2 years
Access to senior leaders and mentors (high visibility in some roles)

Cons: A very stressful place to work in the current environment - words like trust, integrity and respect went out the door with Mr. Wagoner.  Now, fear and paranoia reign supreme - it's suddenly everyone for themself.  You go to work every day not knowing if it will be your last day.  The Zero Based Staffing initiative was a joke - used purely as cover for demoting and releasing (mostly older) people based on extremely subjective decision making.  Not a very pleasant place to be right now.  In two months, the current administration has destroyed a corporate culture that was 20 years in the making and finally starting to gel.
Advice: Get some new HR leaders along with some outside OD talent and see if you can repair the damage - probably cannot be done until this current crisis passes but definitely needs to be done - otherwise the organization will implode within a year just due to the cronyism that is now running rampant.
Pros: Good Pay, Benefits are still not too bad, vacations - if you work in a team environment you can still receive praise from your matrixed leader for a job well done.

Cons: Horrible experience. GM got rid of this program that allowed you to rent any GM car for free for a week. Not only that, my boss completely bullied and harassed me. He got angry very quickly and has no sympathy for other people. He's able to manipulate higher management so even if I complained about him they'd only believe him. HR is a joke. They won't help in cases of discrimination. I learned nothing about the software development life cycle. He just threw random work at me and I felt as though my skills were stagnating. GM IT doesn't hire a lot of computer science or computer engineering prior either. They're giving software development jobs to psychology and sociology majors. WHAT A JOKE! Steer clear from them. Pay is also very below average for a software developer. They don't treat you well, especially if you're a new college grad. You're better off at accompany that actually cares and pays its employees more.
Advice: Stop hiring people with non tech backgrounds. Shows that the quality of your developers suck. And take cases of discrimination seriously before a lawsuit comes knocking on your door.
Pros: Not that I can think of

Cons: High variance in experiences between teams.  Some teams are drastically overworked; some teams have too little direction where slacking can thrive.

Like any big company, change happens sloooowly.

There are lots of opportunities for almost any career path, but often, it's just going to be faster and more profitable to switch companies to get to where you want to go.

In my experience, the placement of younger individuals on teams rarely aligns with the individual's current skills or interests. People are brought on with the idea that they can be trained for the task at hand, and then they can apply for better fitting jobs later.

Messaging from management is a little too politically correct for my taste.  IMHO, life is supposed to be rough around the edges; it feels disingenuous when everything is always painted in a positive light.
Advice: A little cynicism goes a long way for building honest bonds with employees.
Pros: Great work-life balance.  Good benefits.  Management genuinely seems to care about their employees.

Cons: GM's business is selling trucks and cars - IT is just one of many tools they use, and when there are financial issues with the company, it's IT that takes the hit.  Just make sure you take advantage of all the training and system exposures they allow you.  Worst case scenario, your resume looks a lot better when you look for your next job.
Advice: Constantly losing too IT talent, a long with making totally unqualified people ITOC shift leads solely due to their pay grade hurts morale at the ITOC centers, and managers who are remanded for their behavior continue to harm as what work is done doesn't matter, as all is decided with the Matrics that managers don't use the same way.  Careers shouldn't end because one gets stuck with a bad manager
Pros: If hiring out of college, good starting pay and exposure to many different systems that look good on a resume

Cons: Lack of work-life balance.  You have little say in terms of management policies.  Being on call is awful (you feel like you are a slave to your job the entire time).  There is a severe lack of communication among project teams (PMs will schedule you to do tasks and then not even send out the schedule).  There is awful communication between teams and involved parties are you are rarely informed of upcoming work which causes a lot of last minute requests.  This is not the type of job that is good for someone who has a family and other priorities.
Advice: Improve the work-life balance and fix the awful on call policies.
Pros: The benefits are excellent (401k and health / dental insurance).  The end of year bonuses are also great.  Managers are reasonable for the most part.  The provided equipment (computer, monitors, etc.) is top of the line.

Cons: Sometimes there is not a lot of work available.  It can either be feast or famine.  Where for a while you don't have a lot of work, then the flood gates open.  I think this is mostly due to growing pains, and it will work itself out.

The Medical coverage is pretty bad.  BCBS of Michigan is horrible about actually covering things, and if you appeal, the process takes forever.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.  Keep listening to your employees.  Make sure to have enough projects for the amount of resources you have.
Pros: Great people to work with.  Always look out for their employees, making sure that they are never overwhelmed.  Lots of different opportunities available, if you are willing to seek these out.

401K is best I've ever seen.  Automatic 4% towards RSP (retirement savings plan) then they match up to another 4%.  Basically you give 4%, they give 8%.

Cons: Some teams are impossible to work with and it's easier to just do their job rather than engage them. Unfortunately sometimes you actually need them to do something and well there goes your project's timeline.

Have worked here almost 4 years and there is a lot of dead weight that management won't put on performance improvement or fire.
Advice: Put people on performance improvement plans and start cleaning up the driftwood.
Pros: Largely depends on your manager. If you have a good one this is a great place to work. If you get a terrible one in a terrible dept then well it's hell.

The company is renovating a new campus in Austin which will be very nice once complete. 

Exceptional benefits: 
16 holidays, 3 weeks vacation year 1, 4 weeks at year 3
8% 401k for putting in 4%
Healthcare is high deductible with HSA, but company is very generous with contribution

Cons: - honestly, i've had no cons from my experience. i think it really would depend on what team you are on. the management and where you sit make your experience. i've only heard good things from other co workers. but if you don't like your team, you do have the option of moving around as i said before.
Advice: thanks!!!!
Pros: Honestly, I don't think you can get much better as a college hire to work here from what I have seen so far. I was hired out of college and have been here a year and a half so far and I don't have anything to complain about it at all. Compared to my fellow students who worked at consulting firms mostly, it really seems like GM cares way more about people and has more perks. 

I work in software dev, but it has been great, some of the perks:

- Raise every 6 months for first 3 years as a new college hire. (this is huge, no one else gets raises like this and they have competitive starting rates as other companies for sure)

- very good health insurance, it's $30 a month, but it's the kind where you don't need a referral to see a specialist. there's a $1500 deductible, but the company gives you a $1500 health savings account every year to use towards it when you do a physical, so basically no deductible, not sure how it would be for families though

- everyone on earth knows GM, huge resume booster. when you tell people you work here, you always hear "ooohhh, cool" and stuff like that. it's a really respectable thing to say you work here. 

- 401k matching, up to 8%. they give you 4% right off the bat of your salary every month, then they match up to 4% on top of that. so if i put in 10% into 401k, and they put in 8%, it would be as if i'm saving 18% of salary each month. the 401k vests in 3 years, so you need to stay for 3 years in order for the money to become officially yours once you work there. 

- able to rotate, you can rotate jobs every 1 year if you want as a college hire, in a company this big, you can pretty much do any job you want once you are in. i know they are big on training people so i think you can go into any other vertical too if they need people. 

- very willing to teach and help you learn more, like sending you to training events and the likes

- bonus every year based on company performance. the bonuses are pretty decent, as a college hire, then they will put money on top of that if company performance is good. it really depends on company performance though, but so far this year has been a record breaking year so we did pretty good on bonuses. 

- multiple innovation centers to work at. they have people in austin, tx, chandler, az, warren, mi, detroit, mi and atlanta, ga

- if you have a masters degree... DO IT. you get a higher starting salary then other college hires, and you are locked into the raises every 6 months. once you stay at the company for 3 years, you get promoted into the next level, and that also comes with it's own raise. also, make sure to do an internship or have some kind of experience related to your job before starting, they will start you at a higher salary as well for experience that you've had. my starting salary matched my friends who i went to school with, but they didn't have raises like this. 

- if you have a bachelors, you can start working towards your masters degree and they will pay for it right when you start. they give you enough to cover 1 or 2 classes per semester, which is honestly enough because working full time and doing the degree can be really intense, especially in a graduate degree. 

- if you move from another state, they will give you money to relocate, which is honestly way more then you need as a single person

- of course, really good experience and really building a strong skillset. i would probably consider working here for a very long time. many people i work with have been working with the company for 10+ years which shows how good it is. 

- this is one i didnt think about, but free parking. it seems like many of my friends who don't work here actually have to pay to park to work at their companies. GM has garages that they cover you on which is nice. 

- the whole company in general is really big on helping it's people. many automotive folks have worked here for years and years and retire here, so I think the old union focus is still here. as opposed to trying to trim down the bottom line for everyone and only care about boosting profits, i really feel like they try to help people out with their benefits compared to other companies i've been to.

Cons: Horrible 401k vesting; it shouldn't take 2 years just to get to keep 20% of the company match (which isn't exactly off the charts at 4%).  Poor communication within and between teams.  Some I.T. Managers who were hired as part of the insourcing initiative only care about hiring their friends, whether they are intelligent or not.
Advice: Improve the vesting schedule for 401k so we don't feel like prisoners.  Question decisions more so that bad senior managers can't waste hundreds of thousands of dollars paying java developers to develop applications with the same (or less) functionality as applications the company already licensed from HP and will not be portable if the company changes preferred vendors.
Pros: Lots of travel opportunities if you are a manager; they fly around between offices constantly.  Office environment is relaxed, casual and relatively low stress.  Work-life balance is good.  Benefits are good (except for vesting schedule in 401k).

Cons: Bureaucracy still remains
Managers still frown upon letting you try different positions
Hard to speak up and get noticed
Job growth can take years
No free food, cafeteria can be expensive.
Advice: Let your employees grow, if they want to try out different things, help them find a opportunity.

Hire EGMs wisely rather than how much experience or how old someone is. Having a Phd doesn't necessarily mean he is fit for managing a whole team.

Have rotational programs available for all employees rather then new college grads.

Let your employees at least drive the cars they are helping to build. A lot of employees dont even know what they are working for until it shows up in a car. And then again they never even get to drive them.

Have the ambassador program(keeping a company car) back!
Pros: The future of GM is great!
A lot of opportunities
Job can be exciting based on what you do
GM is getting way better over the years

Cons: GM is not really a team. People tend to think their job is a thankless job, and so they should get leverage for doing it. So the "best thing for GM" gets buried amidst competing individual interests. The management is often not clear what "the best thing for GM" is. As an individual contributor in this environment, it is difficult not to get disillusioned because it's not clear if you are contributing for your manager, your sub-organization or for GM.
Advice: You have some great people. Don't let in-fighting drown out their contributions. The present crisis is an opportunity.
Pros: At General Motors, you would come across some really smart and knowledgeable people. Given how tough the auto business is, and how many diverse technologies go into the car, the knowledge and ability of some people to identify technical and business value, is quite remarkable, and there is a lot one can learn from them.

Cons: Too much bureaucracy exists that can be used against you or will prevent you from realizing advancement or other opportunities.  The good old boy network has got to go especially in manufacturing.
Advice: The leadership at all levels seem gun-shy.  They try to align their business plans for strength but their business model is dated and cumbersome and limits their abilty to be flexible and agile.  They seem to be engaged in going fast to nowhere.  They are so busy trying to be competitive that they have forgotten how to lead in anything.  Market to customers not employees, if your products are any good the employees will buy them...it is customers you want to attract.  It is time to transition to a 21st century perspective
Pros: Many opportunities if you happen to be in the right place at the right time to capitalize.  Otherwise you will be forced to adapt to someone eles reality.

Cons: Big company = lots of bureaucracy.  Many are set in their old ways, making change tough.  Employee recognition for outstanding work is not always there.
Advice: Be more invested in your employees.  Recognize true good work when it happens (and not just marginal work from people who are attention-seekers).  Provide a better environment for employees to explore, test, and implement new ideas (time allotted for new-idea exploration, remove/provide thoughtful exemptions for unnecessary bureaucratic processes and systems).  Do a better job of hiring quality people for the organization.  Put money where value is actually generated (take a close, hard look at advertising vs research budgets) and ask yourself where the money is generating the most value.  Cross-engineering collaboration and empowerment of non-mechanical engineer team members needs improvement.
Pros: The vacation time compensation is great.  The people I work with are also great - although this is highly dependent on which part of GM you're in.

Cons: On management side (both technical and supervisory), positions available to external candidates limited to entry level.  Expect limited career advancement if not willing to relocate.  This is true for all GM manufacturing facilities.  GM is still GM - keep your expectations in line with the typical bureaucracy associated with any large company.

On the hourly side, expect the typical union politics.
Advice: Try to keep your focus for self-advancement and self-promotion in check.  Develop trusting relationships with people to drive positive change.
Pros: Solid benefits, generally above what is available in Middle Tennessee area.  Entry level production supervisory pay exceeds area market rate.  Entry level technical positions meet area market rate.  Overtime paid for positions directly supporting production for scheduled overtime.  Hourly positions exceed market and provide much greater pay and benefit opportunity due to union shop.  GM continues to provide a good standard of living for many people.

Cons: * Not focused in mentoring young and inexperienced engineers.  Lack of supervision and involvement by management.  Instead it rely on senior engineers for their training and learnings, but at the same time management wants competition --- this creates conflicts.
* Doesn't focus on team work but individual accomplishments 
* Management allow culture  of pride, trash talk and unproductive competition among engineers
* management allowed non-business behaviors.  For example, open dating among young coworkers creates people issues (almost feel like high school, this should be after work and personal)
* Management allow childish behavior among young people
* Does not embrace innovation, 'not invented here' attitudes, not open to criticism (improvements) from engineers outside their area
Advice: * Practice team work rather than 'alliances' even within each organization 
* allow open communication between employee and upper management 
* Promote right people and social values, integrity, teamwork
Pros: * Hired great college graduates and experienced engineers
* more freedom to design in your area of responsibility.
* Recognize individual contributions

Cons: Management is all talk, no action and they all have their own agenda; no proper project management or realistic scoping with business; the status quo is slightly below mediocrity, so if you are smart and take pride in doing a good job you will be expected to do your work and other people's; don't expect a raise, promotion, or the ability to switch teams.
Advice: Mary Barra - investigate your IT management and get rid of your execs that are cutting corners just to get green on their scorecard. People spoke out in the Workplace of Choice and were basically told "tough luck" by Randy Mott.
Pros: Jobs security, 401k plan, paid holidays, WFH flexibility (depends on team)

Cons: The constant layoffs and grinding bureaucracy. Some jobs did not offer much autonomy or flexibility. Work can be of very small scope due to large organizational structure. Upper management is out of touch with the average worker. All that the current upper management cares about is cutting costs and getting the stock price up (so that they can sell their stock options). Product quality has been suffering as a result.
Advice: Top level management seems to be out of touch. They never want to a actually fix inefficiencies - they would rather layoff large amounts of people at random and hope that the inefficiencies will "work themselves out." GM is a company with so much massive potential, but they continue to squander it.
Pros: Some jobs offered a lot of autonomy and were extremely flexible for a good work / life balance. Large company so there is the ability to move to other positions you may like. Individual managers can be very good.

Cons: Culture suffers for a number of reasons. One, Executive and Senior Leadership come from years of working Fortune 100 companies with old ideas of "work from work" and driving innovation on antiquated metrics developed 30 years ago. There is a struggle for GM IT to identify themselves as an innovative technology shop due to old school attitudes of GM Business, we build combustion engines for brands that don't spark demand.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for a company that has a mission for zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion by creating technology for electric autonomous vehicels. Lots of opportunities to improve your skillset, take on new roles and innovate on technology. Work life balance is great. Like all jobs there are times where you will have to put in extra time to get work done and meet deadlines, but overall work life balance is great.  Benefits are great including time off, insurance and bonus.

Cons: limited job mobility within this facility. The HR department is giving the employees a false sense of security that everything is ok.
Advice: The HR department is out of touch with reality. Two thirds of the business at this location will disappear in 2020.  The fuel injector and fuel rail business is going to Delphi.  HR continues to tell people we are ok because we make parts for trucks. The fact is when the injector and rail business goes away the plant will close. You cannot keep a 1.5 million square foot facility open to make one component for an engine. Advice to management: STOP GIVING PEOPLE A FALSE SENSE OF SECURITY AND BE UP FRONT WITH THEM SO THEY CAN PREPARE.  As of right now, we have not been awarded any new business and it takes several years to bring a new product to full production.
Pros: Decent pay and benefits.  Good place to get manufacturing experience

Cons: - GCCX/Onstar is a nightmare
- Leadership is not open-minded to change, stuck in their old ways (OLD GM)
- All executive decisions are made in Michigan. Austin is just a pair of hands to the company.
- New hires are not trained properly
- GM does not care to retain top-level talent
- A lot of lazy employees - you can get away with doing absolutely nothing
- Not team-oriented - everyone works in silos (our team vs theirs mentality)
- No office perks (holiday parties, coffee, team building events)
Advice: - Mary Barra - please looking into your leadership in GCCX.  A lot of political games that's hindering innovation. You are losing top-level talent due to this
- Invest in your employees! 
- Try and retain top-level talent. It's AUSTIN!  
- Get rid of employees who are not doing anything
Pros: - Great benefits and 401k matching
- Relaxed and flexible work environment
- Great place to start coming out of college to jump-start your career

Cons: The whole global economic crisis: rising energy prices, commodity and steel price inflation, the possibility of a deep global recession are headwinds out of GM's control. These forces additively amount to uncertainty, constantly imploding human resources, and tough actions which we don't enjoy making. Job security does not exist for my generation, If the playing field was level and we didn't have the costs of all the benefits and unions and all that, it'd be a different world
Advice: Flatten the structure. I think a collaborative, open management style produces the best input. Particularly if it's coupled with relentless questions, single-minded sense of purpose and direction and attentive listening. GM needs more of this at all levels. Executive directors need to be more downwardly accessible and approachable.
Pros: After 15 years tenure, the people continue to be my best reason to work for General Motors. Certainly as an engineer the continuous challenge of new vehicle development and alternative propulsion systems keeps me enthusiastic.

Cons: There is a lot of opportunity inside GM to do different work but be careful what job you accept to get into GM because all that diversity is virtually impossible to taste; GM management effectively does not allow employee movement.
8 level and above "managers" and executives are useless and provide no direction.  There needs to be a cleansing of the "stuck middle" at GM.
No accountability on any level at GM.
8-level "technical expert" is an oxymoron at GM.  
What bankruptcy?  The caustic culture created from years of no accountability has created a workplace and company that is rotten to its core.
Advice: Hold yourselves and each other accountability.  Listen to the 6 and 7 level engineers, their concerns are legitimate.  Get your heads out of the past, it's not 1966 anymore.
Pros: good work/life balance
lots of opportunity once inside GM.

Cons: Poor project planning and a misunderstanding of Agile / SCRUM produces unrealistic expectations from all project team members.  Lots of pressure to deliver to the project plan milestones with very poor requirements and constant and significant scope creep.  Horrible work-life balance.
Advice: Commit to using either Agile / SCRUM or waterfall projects, but don't mix the two together and expect great results.
Project planning and requirements gathering must improve if you wish to retain employees, improve work life balance and create realistic project timelines.
Pros: Lots of challenges and new projects surfacing, which provide opportunities to pioneer new and creative solutions for the first time within the company.  Lots of skilled, intelligent people to work with and learn from.  Use of cutting edge technologies are available to use and get experience with.  Great benefits and pay, along with generous time off and opportunities to drive high-end GM vehicles.

Cons: Sometimes the long hours wear on you, but the end result keeps your focus.  Working for a Union shop has challenges on Union and Management sides.  Trying to create better communication systems or channels is difficult.
Advice: Take time to listen to employees on the assembly to learn of their difficulties with stations you created for the process.  Sometimes employees can show you are more improved way to increase efficiency.
Pros: Working for GM gave many opportunities to learn new skills.  The company stands behind their employees and have high expectations, but work with you to make sure those are attained.  The long hours during change over periods bring much challenge that can be used as an opportunity to show your talent and skills. GM was always willing to lend me hand when a problem occurred by having the right manager or leader come to help.  I found I always had great support.

Cons: The visions don't translate very well to the everyday employees. Lots of indirection within middle management and re-organizations every few months makes it almost impossible to know what is really important. Most areas of the technology are still stuck in the same place they were 5-10 years ago which makes keeping up with newer companies almost impossible. The biggest issue is there are very few management level employees who own products and ensure they are performing at their best. Retention of younger, motivated employees, is basically non existent. Lastly the level of bureaucracy to get anything meaningful developed is stifling to innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are great. Lots of flexibility in work hours when you need it and 401K match is as good as it gets. The vision at the top is great and the executives say all the right things that will push GM to be a leader in the future auto industry.

Cons: No growth opportunities. Management actively discourages their employees from moving to different departments. For them it's more important to retain employee in their own group without regard of their career growth. 
Lots of politics and no real work in some departments. IT managers force developers to find work bypassing the Business Analyst channels and creating chaos and confusion for everyone. Toxic culture involving belittling other groups achievements instead of fostering collaboration .
Salary and compensation for senior folks is not up to par with market rates.
Red tape everywhere. Incompetent "shared services" people who stifle innovation and introduce unnecessary process everywhere.
Advice: Trim the layer of fat that is in the form of so many managers who contribute minimal value, take all the credit and have no interest in growing their teams.
Pros: Lots of corporate holidays and good vacation amount.
401k matching is good but hampered due to vesting of 3 yr minimum.
Low health insurance premiums.

Cons: Government stigma hanging over our heads by the uniformed public that believes the the politicians are controlling our every move.  It simply is not true. GM was on the road to improvement long before the banks collapsed and the government had to step in.  No one wants to improve the stock price and get the government completely out of our business, more than every single employee and retiree....
Advice: Continue with the current direction to build a Fortress Balance Sheet and satisfy our customers.
Pros: Innovative, empowering, technologically and socially advanced.  Great direction from top leadership who understands the history and is dedicated to not reliving it.  Being a large company can have some disadvantages but everyone here who survived the Bankruptcy is fully dedicated to doing whatever it takes to make sure we continue to satisfy our customers by building and selling the worlds best vehicles.

Cons: Not family friendly in any way...found a job share partner but could not talk management into it following maternity leave. Tried for flextime: denied. Tried for telecommuting: denied. I had stellar annual reviews and was slated for bigger things supposedly. Loads of promises for promotion, waited for YEARS, then when I tried to come back from maternity leave all of those promises evaporated. I suspect it is because I took a full maternity leave. Engineering management seems more work/life balance friendly than marketing departments. Still the Old Boys Network.
Advice: Get with the 21st century. People can work remotely sometimes now, it's called the "internet" also, you are contributing to brain drain...stop scratching your heads wondering why you aren't one of Working Mother's top employers anymore. Bring back flextime/telecommuting/job sharing and be open about it.
Pros: Exciting to work on cars, most people there are very smart and understand product quality comes first.

Cons: Upward mobility is somewhat limited for developers.  Corporate management is still learning how to deal with an in house IT team and so you can sometimes feel like IT is an afterthought.  Compensation as far as base salary is concerned is lacking compared to other companies around Austin.
Advice: Value your developers.  You are losing good people when they can leave and get double digit percentage bumps in pay
Pros: I loved my time at GM, the people were great and I lucked out with my team placement.  People's experiences vary from team to team (as with every company) but in my area my coworkers are what kept me around for so many years.  The benefits outside of pay are excellent.  The move to an internal cloud service has eliminated many of my complaints about infrastructure at GM.

Cons: Even if the overall rating is good and I've spent a very great time in GM there is as everywhere some bad apple. 
- Sometime promotion comes to people not qualifiedand with a gap of knoledges.
- There is the trend to follow what the other companies do and do it in a not conventional way just because we are GM. This drives a lot of complexityto at each level and slow down the productivity for quite long periods.
- Few directors are not able to take decision or give a clear driection and moves the responsability to their reports.
Advice: Support more the good managers and directors and avoid to put in executive positions who is not able to take a position or a decision.
Pros: The overall experience in GM was really good.

- Inclusive and friendly workplace. 
- Easy to get a good life balance. 
- Salary is in the average.
- Some of the high level management have a good knowledge.

Cons: Where do I start. I was offered a job with their subsystems. The health insurance is crappy (no dental or vision). The pay is a joke. The raise is laughable. They have the audacity to give us a employee discount on vehicles, but because of the crappy pay WE can't even afford the cars we make. The union contract for the subsystems is a absolute joke( they should be ashamed of themselves for even negotiating it). They always dangle  the real "GM" over your head as if they're actually contemplating you ever working for the real GM. High turnover rate.
Advice: Do not hire people under false pretenses. Your wages are not as competitive as the other two car companies, so stop advertising it as such. You should fix this, because people talk. You do not want to be known around town as the joke of the auto industry.
Pros: Its a great name to say you work for. They give a  pretty good employee discount of their vehicles. I work a okay shift. The work isn't very had.

Cons: There can be a lot of bureaucracy and long processes in order to get things done (in some instances), but there is work being done to streamline more and more every day. 

Not a lot of young people in certain areas of the business, but it's getting better.

No provided coffee isn't a big deal, but kind of a bummer especially in comparison to other companies that offer free drinks and snacks.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing. The company is growing and adapting to market trends in IT, which is very promising for the future.
Pros: Great benefits and competitive pay. Lots of people all working towards the same goals.

Good support from the management, even up to the director level, when discussing problems and solutions at work, or even just career opportunities.

You can often park right next to the building you work in, so no long walks or waiting for shuttles in a lot of cases.

Cons: As a college hire, you are placed anywhere. I agreed to be a software developer. I was put into QA where their automation is very new. There are not many senior developers that are leading it, so it is easy to get lost and left behind. Not all projects can be automated or may have little automation.  This causes you to do mostly manual testing. This is not what I agreed to do.
Advice: Tell College new hires what they will be doing when you hire them.
Pros: Great work life balance, unless your project is hitting crunch. Then you are expected to work nights and weekends. Benefits are pretty good. Nice 401K, vacation, sick days. There is no official work from home policy so that depends on your manager. If they are cool with it, it is very flexible to work from home a day or 2 a month.

Cons: Extremely limited opportunities to transfer to different roles (as software developer title covers actual developers, business analysts, and software QA) without managers going to bat for you
Relocation contract (10k penalty if you leave the company before 2 years)
Managerial secrecy (some managers hide what role you will be doing until you actually start, leading you to get placed into a role you didn't accept but are stuck in due to the aforementioned 2 year relocation contract)
Low pay for new college hires (degree dependent)
Advice: Be honest with what role employees will be doing starting off. Additionally, guarantee them the opportunity to transfer to a different role near the 1 year mark if they want to move instead of filling those roles with new hires then saying there isn't any room for transfers.
Pros: Good benefits
Good time off (3 weeks starting PTO with an additional week after 2 years, unlimited sick days, and good amount of holidays)

Cons: When I left Ganeral Motors began to let the union control the company. The company started to take away from the salaried employees in order to give more to the hourly employees. The union has basically run this business out of the US. The year before I left a laborer working the same hours as I did made $20,000/year more than I did and I was a facilities manager responsible for 3 plants and over 1500 skilled employees
Advice: Get a grip on your Union and make them work for a living. Stop over paying hourly employees and start compensating salaried employees at least the same as you do for the hourly employees under them. I can't blame you for moving out of the country but you need to get control of the union
Pros: Great overall company to work for especially when I first started. Good pay and benefits. They were very concerned with a balanced family and work life.

Cons: Very difficult to move around the company
"Good-Ole Boy" Network.  If you are not that, then you are not allowed the same opportunities.
All employees are not treated fairly.  It is about who you know and not about the worker you are
Advice: If you say you are going to hire on the outside, really hire on the outside.  Just don't hire those people are related to current employees.  Give everyone qualified a fair shot.  Promotions and deciding who to let go should be based on the effectiveness of the employee's work and not based on who they know.  But that is how it is at GM.  I said so many years, I wonder how that person got this job, but there are a lot of people there like that, especially in management.
Pros: Big Company, you meet tons of people
Nice salaries
Safe place to work

Cons: So many 60-70 hour weeks.  The division I was working in was so understaffed and over projected that there was no way around it.  There wasn't any end in sight, either, with no plans to bring more personnel on.  Advancement opportunities are a myth as well.  They will tell you that as soon as something opens up advancements will happen, and then nothing happens.  Rumor has it they aren't promoting from within, just bringing experience from outside.
Advice: Take the pulse of your employees once in a while, and not with a worthless workplace survey that just leads to more lip-service about how it's a "workplace of choice."
Pros: The pay is okay, the benefits are workable.  For the work that you have to do, though, it's not worth it.  My schedule was somewhat flexible, though that was due to my manager more than company policy.

Cons: As the company is such a large organization, project planning and coordination is not as effective as it could be. Paperwork and 'IT systems' are used as a substitute to proper planning. This prevents the engineers from spending their time on real engineering, instead huge amounts of repetitive unnecessary paperwork is created.
Advice: For vehicle software development cycles, lengthen the development period. This will give the development community time to get things right the first time, and overall in a shorter time. 

Remove the 'not invented here' mentality form all the back office organizations for engineering tools and processes. Too much of the tools GM use for day to day work are customized "GM made" tools that have cheaper better alternatives in the marketplace. This allows better cooperation with suppliers and less ramp up time for new engineers to the "GM way".
Pros: Company has strong commitment to developing new technologies, in house and to be the best

Cons: Unfortunately, there were limited opportunities for promotion (within the Engineering area) due to downsizing.  Whenever a manager would leave or retire, they would basically take the people who worked for him/her and put them under someone else, instead of replacing the manager by promoting someone.  In addition, the overall automotive sector, especially the US manufacturers, is not doing well.  GM/Ford are having a hard time competing due to high structural costs.
Advice: Keep moving toward "greener" vehicles.
Pros: General Motors offered lots of flexibility regarding time off/work life balance.  My managers were always agreeable when I needed to take time off, however I did not abuse this benefit like some did.  The salary was acceptable, nothing great but not bad either.  I could have left to get a higher salary but I preferred the better working conditions over a higher salary.  The benefits were fairly good as well.

Cons: Still remnants of the "good old days". Senior employees that show up very early to avoid work and leave early. GM will not fire them outright, but they still take up space and the spot of a person who would gladly show up and work. 

Because of the size of GM you really have to work hard to stand out. Otherwise you're lost in the hustle and bustle of daily operations.
Advice: Cut the dead weight off. They are wasting company money and put in fresh blood.
Pros: Generous time off (Holidays) nice benefit package. High performers are rewarded and promoted and put on good projects. GM will sponsor permanent residency for motivated employees. I only spend 40 hrs a week and not expected to be answering emails at all hours of the day. Very good work/life balance. Don't forget that GM employee discount on cars.

Cons: Developers are often stretched over too many projects, and cannot focus on developing quality code for just a couple of projects. Access to modern frameworks / open source is lacking. User stories for projects are often vague, which allows management / the business to ask for too many changes late in the development cycle. Developers often end up doing other IT employees work. Working with Oracle Siebel leads to slow applications / too much downtime during critical periods in the development cycle. Promotions / career advancement are limited.
Advice: Listen to your developers. Give them the creative liberty, space, time, and power to make design decisions so that GM can develop quality web applications and software.  Quit saddling developers with too many projects and too much busywork.
Pros: Great work / life balance. Good exposure to multiple stacks (Java web apps, ASP.NET). Not bad as far as a first software development job out of college.

Cons: Training is non-existent, so if you take pride in your work it is difficult feeling good about your day. Management does not listen to hourly employees for suggestions on how to make things more efficient. There are a lot of unhappy people due to how much upper management pushes, both middle and lower managent and hourly employees. Safety is treated more as a chore than a first priority.
Advice: Start training your employees, both salaried and hourly. Listen to your floor employees, the answers to a lot of your problems are there, not in a meeting. Start treating safety as the first priority like you say, and not safety first so long as it doesn’t impede production.
Pros: You get several paid holidays and vacations days grow as your seniority grows. You have the potential to make a lot of money if you want to work overtime.

Cons: Very political. Your advancement within the company is not based on merit.  Rather it is based on how you can fit into the political circles. Everyone has to be careful who you interact with, as they may have political clout that will impact your career.  Very few managers care about their staff and their careers. They pay lip service to the culture they profess. They don't really believe in the values they preach,  as you will be singled out if you speak up. Recent layoffs have been bad for morale and workplace.
Advice: Take another look at middle management and hire people managers that care about their staff.  You have a lot of good talent. Don't let bad managers make  your best people leave.
Pros: Good Benefits, Market Rate Pay, Talented and good co-workers, PTO and holidays.

Cons: - Does not pay as much as other tech companies for same roles
- Could place you in a role you're not suited for and/or overqualified for
- Clash of old school corporate culture and new tech company culture
- Your performance could depend on the type of manager you have
- Working from home is allowed when necessary but not encouraged
- Limited PTO based on tenure, although unlimited sick days and most holidays off
Advice: Start adapting to more modern work-culture practices, competitive pay to today's standards, and remove the redundant steps of protocol to get small things approved. There is a lot of hoops and people to find and talk to, to get certain things done. Allowing more freedom will allow for more innovation.
Pros: - Good first job to have out of college
- Guidance and resources to grow if you really push for it
- Good benefits
- Good work/life balance depending on team

Cons: I know this sounds impossible, but don't get old as several people who have retired from there state that you will abruptly go from being a highly-thought-of and respected employee to an unwanted piece of garbage. Other retired people told me that age fifty is the magic age when you are no longer wanted by GM. Your performance ratings will abruptly go down, you will stop getting merit raises, and profit sharing goes to the much younger employees GM WANTS.
Advice: Start to recognize that there are MANY employees who are at age 50+ who CAN contribute, and that studies have shown that the brains of those who are in the age bracket of 20-25 are not even fully developed yet.   Also, start to recognize that many of your illustrious directors are really out playing games, hoping to not get caught
Pros: The pay and benefits are great.

Cons: This company brought over all the Managers that ruined HP and was rated the worst IT company to work for and they are now implementing the same processes at GM. No chance for advancement and if you do move up in your passion you are not rewarded for it. Same old story…we are working on it – yet Upper mgmt. always gets there cut not matter what. Pay is decent but not what they preach and nowhere the industry standard for a company of this size. I see no good reviews by employee’s working in the IT department unless you are management. Take your talents elsewhere to a company that appreciates IT
Advice: Recognize your people and when they move up the change reward them for it.
Pros: Good work life Balance, excellent colleagues to work with very professional.

Cons: 1. Long hours (but that is typical in controlling) 2. Not as flexible as some other firms (but my team has just rolled out a pilot program which enables employees to work from home 1 day a week during non-busy times with manager approval) 3. Parking at the Ren Cen is a pain (you will have to walk outside/ take a shuttle from River East to the building for the first 5 years until you get upgraded to Millender)
Advice: None
Pros: I work in the Controller's group at the Ren Cen as a Senior Financial Analyst. Keeping that in mind:
1. Great opportunity for career development  / Promotions and bonuses are regularly awarded to high performers 2. Opportunity to work on different projects / work varies  3. Benefits at GM are outstanding (401K, Healthcare, etc) 4. Amenitites at the Ren Cen

Cons: Working cross functionally is difficult in any large corporation. Entry Salary is NOT competitve and negotiating pay increases and promotions is risky. Heads have been known to role. Leadership is working to have a more open space where trust and candor can develop. This will take years.
Advice: Pay employee better wages. Engage more with your team members. We don't like to watch power point presentations about all your/our achievements. We want real dialogue. We want to be involved in the business. Also, I don't appreciate that managers, directors and executives had their profit sharing %'s go up and 6th level employees and below have theirs reduced. Doesn't really show that management appreciates the efforts the people on the front lines. We either all go up, or all go down.
Pros: Great atmosphere, relaxed work space, and authority to make your own decisions.

Cons: It takes forever to see anything change.
Advice: Keep up the effort in building greener cars. Also, although I am not a business major, I think something needs to be re-looked at in the financial structure of the company from what I am reading in the news.
Pros: The salary, work environment, and perks are one of the best, compared to other very large corporations, and they have some of the best resources to make their own products. The employees are extremely talented, friendly, and helpful. 
GM is one of three American companies which manufacture their automobiles in the United States, and I think that is an important enough reason to support the continuation of its production. Although GM may be notoriously known for the large size of their automobiles, I believe the concept of having an American branded car has a lot of potential in establishing American presence on a global basis.

Cons: Management doesn't understand yet what it takes to be a workplace of choice for IT workers. No outside training or reimbursement for professional certifications, or professional organization dues, etc. No free coffee at work (bring your own K-Cups), work-from-home policy sporatic, long hours and no comp time policy, no free holiday parties or gifts/prizes - manty perks that experienced IT workers are accustomed to are not provided.
Advice: Implement anonymous employee surveys to get honest input. Pay for employee certifications, and courses to maintain certifications. Support employee involvement and leadership in professional organizations.
Pros: Exciting time to be in IT at GM - a lot of opportunity to provide input and shape how IT is done. Career opportunities are great. Benefits and salary are good.

Cons: TO has an incredibly arrogant culture. I've heard from managers here that it is the "best place to work in GM", and that it is "GM's elite organization". I'm sorry, but Treasury is a risk mitigating department, and its purpose is to protect the company from financial turmoil by managing cash flow. The ultimate failure of a treasury department is bankruptcy. The organization does nothing innovative and really does not contribute to the bottom line, but the impression I've gotten is that this organization thinks it is the brains of the company, and that the company would fail without its expertise. Some of the work might sound interesting at a high level, but in actuality boils down to 1. following the rules and 2. managing bureaucracy.
Advice: Management needs to take a good hard look at the culture that is in place, and have honest conversations with employees about the way things are done. It needs to catalyze change by simply caring about its employees.
Pros: The GM Treasurer's Office (GMTO) is viewed internally at GM as a prestigious place to work.

Cons: Most of employee is just like  a little ant to the company and can't feel any complishment no matter what you do. Salary is not reflect the job performance.   Do-nothing here is better than do lot of things with some defect.
Advice: Rate people's performance better based on what they did rather than just based on what they said.
Pros: Very good benefit.  All people are very nice to work with.  If you are good to talk or people still is good,  this is the best place for you.  It is a comfortable place for lazy people.  You don't need  be work hard or smart to get promotion and just to let you boss happy with good talk.

Cons: 1. Low pay compare to similar industry.

2. With all the profit and tax incentives that General Motors gained over the years, the company is still at a brink of bankruptcy due to the executives/management self allocating wealth for themselves and spending miss management at the very top.

3. The workplace culture at GM was merely a fraternity of white managers who only seek to elevate those that shared similar ethnicity. While diversity, and  especially within the IT Innovation team is a joke! The leadership and management absolutely have not a single person of color man or woman at the top leadership position. If you are looking for an organization to make a paycheck then sure the GM IT organization will be ideal. However, if advancement into a leadership role is your priority, that GM IT is not the workplace of choice that I would recommend.
Advice: Make employees and diversity your priority.
Pros: 1. I certainly enjoyed working with my co-workers. I have built relationship and friendship with many that I still maintained to date.

2. More than average work and life balance.

Cons: Promotions don't always go to the most qualified people. There are fast track employees and then the rest; High performing, enthusiastic employees are left to claw and scratch their way up the chain unless you're one of the lucky chosen few (helps to be a minority). Highly bureaucratic environment. Be careful where you accept a job; some functions/areas are dead-enders and direct supervisors can make it hard for you to move within the company.
Advice: Put more emphasis on taking care of your hard working middle tier of employees. Good people are walking out the door.
Pros: A variety of exciting & interesting careers. Fun work environment if you like cars / trucks. Generous holiday and vacation allowance. Good salary for the industry. Good benefits & 401k match. Flexible hours. Ability to move around the company.

Cons: Only downsides are that it’s hard to move up but that’s because managers never leave.
Advice: Allow a little more growth within the company. Allow a day where you can bring dogs to work.
Pros: Good 401k match of 100% up to 4%. Really good relocation assistance. Good health insurance options. Tuition reimbursement of 8000 a year that is almost always approved. Flexible hours and work from home based on your manager. Unlimited sick days based on manager as well. For the new college hire program you get a raise every 6 months for the first 3 years. And every employee is eligible for a bonus at the end of the year, and it’s usually really good.

Cons: The hours and schedule shifts based on production output.  May work day on week and nights the next.  There is not a lot of growth in the company unless you know the top execs.  In addition, there is so much downsizing required to stay afloat, and lost volume through the downsizing that I would be nervous each night for job placency.
Advice: Build the business on intelligence and ethics, not who-you-know or getting a job out the door.  They are in  tough spot, but they will not succeed as long as they are still roped by the UAW.
Pros: Good pay, but not equivalent when time is considered.  The company is so large that good work is boxed in a manufacturing plant, never noticed by the top of the food chain.  GM is in need of competent employees and the job keeps you on your toes.

Cons: Bad times, make for limited promotions and opportunities to achieve more.  So little control over the forces that work against us.  The weak economy,  the banking crisis, the lending crisis, etc....
Advice: Keep the the Strong Marketting Campaign moving.  I think that America should get reacquainted with GM the Company.  A strong contributer to our communities, we need to promote ourselves as a vibrant active part of communities that we live and work in.
Pros: It is good work representing good people.  It is great products, built with pride by Americans supporting the Manufacturing backbone of this country.  GM is rebuilding it's image and products to compete in a Global Market.  It is interesting work during troubled times.  I expect that Gm will turn this situation around and be stronger than anyone predicts today.

Cons: Managers seem to be too busy to spend time with employees
Little to no performance feedback
When solicited, performance feedback is very vague (i.e. good, if not I'd tell you, etc)
Lack of advancement opportunities
Poor Union Leadership and Management Leadership relationships
Still a culture of 'who you know' instead of 'what you've done' in terms of advancement
Little to no parity in regards to helping employees advance their own education (i.e. some get special perks due to people they know, outside of established criteria)
Advice: Take the initiative to give feedback to subordinate employees, particularly younger employees or those trying to advance within the corporation.
Address poor performance immediately instead of avoiding confrontation
Establish proper metrics to measure performance instead of vague items or 'department wide' items
Pros: Comaraderie between similar level employees
Pride in building high quality vehicles
Pride in the 'underdog' mentality
Some extremely good managers
Interesting projects to become involved in
Generally understanding to work/life balance, particularly when crises happen

Cons: Low senority results in 2nd or 3rd shift hours. Also lots of extreme overtime sometimes 7 days a week 12 hours a day. You do get compensated for the overtime, but difficult to have work life balance. The site I worked at only had 2 shifts and down to one so it was always at least 9 hours per day or more.
Advice: Salary staff may appreciate overtime in today's economy, but it shouldn't be required for a job and flexible within the work group. Low senority members should be able to use vacation the same way higher senority members. It is unfair working there for 5 years and having the lowest senority and never being able to take vacation around holidays.
Pros: Pay is good, but I also had a MBA and engineering degree which influences the pay you recieve. This position pay ranges.

Cons: Highly political.  Long hours, weekends.  Directors do not review poor Managers with employees and then protect the employee once they get a negative report. Management is protected; employees are expendable.
Advice: GM might be headed back down the bankruptcy path again if you refuse to pay attention to employee opinions, ESPECIALLY new emplolyees.  They will give you the straight story about their team and managers. They were hired because they are highly intelligent.  Give them the benefit of the doubt and interview them often.
Pros: Good  benefits but don't save with GMs401K plan until you have been there through your first year with good reviews.  After the first year of decent reviews, your job is pretty safe and you can move to another position.  You can't get the matching 401K money until you've been there at least three years!

Cons: Employees who have years of knowledge and experience are passed over for promotions in favor of much younger, less experienced employees who "suck up" to and socialize with upper level management.  Training new employees is mostly OJT.  Many good people but few posses good leadership skills.  Mentorship almost non-existent.
Advice: Train your people in leadership positions to be leaders.  Look to our seasoned, experienced employees for advice and leadership.  Get back to the basic fundamentals of GMS.  The current foundation and continuous training is gone.
Pros: Amazing new and exciting high-quality vehicles.  Salary employees are treated very well, good pay and benefits, great work environment.  New CEO seems to be doing her best to build the company and regain customer's trust by changing the culture.

Cons: - Large bureaucracy often makes it difficult to acquire the necessary resources to meet deadlines.
- Projects can be agonizingly slow moving when realistically they should take much less time.
- Experienced some requirements creep.
- Working in multiple time zones can mean many late nights and early mornings. The line between on and off the clock time can become blurred. Not uncommon in the industry, but still not ideal for maintaining a good balance.
Advice: What GM has accomplished in their insourcing effort is absolutely commendable. Hopefully, over the next few years they can continue to remove some of the overly-bureaucratic and outdated internal mechanisms so that innovation can increase even more. 

Keep hiring great people and stay on the innovative track!
Pros: - Innovative mindset
- Willingness to trust junior employees with large projects
- Plenty of opportunities to tackle interesting problems and learn new skills.
- Great people
- Competitive compensation package

Cons: Forced overtime looks good on pay day but not so good for your personal life. Some jobs are physically tough on your body and can wear on you. Best to switch departments or jobs often to avoid injury.  Also, avoid management.
Advice: Wish management was a little more understanding. I was sent home a week with no pay for being 1 minute late. But I clocked in on time that day. Still don't understand why. I asked for video. That was ignored.  I think some upper management wanted to show me who really has power. I felt bullied a bit in that situation.  The Union vs Management struggle is very real.
Pros: Good hourly, good bonuses, good job security as long as you show up everyday and on time, mostly good people, great American products

Cons: Management is mostly full of people that dont have a clue how to do the job, nor do they care to find out, of the people they are managing. They are just trying to climb the ladder and they dont care who gets in the way. The communication is poor between hourly, and salary. That lack of communication and respect, leads to resentment on the floor.
Advice: Please start recruiting group leaders from the hourly people. We do the job everyday, and know what it takes to get the job done. I believe that would help communication between salary and hourly.
Pros: Working at one of the "Big 3" is like hitting the lotto from where I'm from. They have great pay, and benefits, and pretty good job security. You have the ability to take pride in your work, instead of the very hectic pace of a job shop.

Cons: There's a lot of talk about diversity and promoting women leaders, especially with Mary Barra at the top. However, some of her leaders continue to revel in mostly male leadership teams with a bias toward women, most of whom have graduate degrees, unlike their male counterparts. Work-life balance is pretty nonexistent.
Advice: Talented professionals don't need to stay at GM to find exciting employment and challenges, not to mention going out on their own. The scales seem to be tipping from proven leaders and loyalty toward a Millennial culture. A balanced approach may be better. With a year's distance, I see former colleagues on social media who intensely appear to be trying too hard to promote the company and rationalize their countless hours.
Pros: Exciting, fast-paced global automotive industry made for interesting work and countless opportunities to learn and contribute. You're also surrounded by smart A-Type colleagues.

Cons: Politics is very rampant and out of control in this organization. Managers with no experience are put into positions based on who they know.  Skilled experienced individuals are by passed if they're not playing the politics game.
Creative and innovative ideas are almost impossible to accomplish due to the slow responses and red tape within the organization. 

Career movement is almost non existent below level 7.  GBS constantly reorganizes and the employees are always in a state of chaos trying to recover from the previous re-org. 

Workplace of choice survey results are just smoke and mirrors to make it seem the company cares because their actions go against what they speak.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits package.  Above most competitors and other manufacturing companies it's size.  The vehicle product lines are very high in technology.

Cons: Highly political. Philosophy does not match reality in regards to work-life balance. Opportunities are very limited unless you are a recent college hire. When they want to get rid of an employee, they put him or her in a position in which they he or she is highly likely to fail. They use this approach instead of layoff to avoid high unemployment insurance or protect the company reputation. Innovation is pitched to recruit talent. However, only a few areas offer the opportunity to innovate. In some cases, executives who are supposed to drive innovation impede it. Detroit-based employees who have been at the company for many years have better protection from job cuts (it is who you know). I could go on and on... Some people behaving ethically get punishes and some unethical (breaking company policy) policy get away with it. Company performs Workplace of Choice surveys. However, when employees spell out the solution, the company ignores it and implements something different (if anything at all)
Advice: Practice what you preach.
Pros: Their benefits and compensation are very good.

Cons: Where to begin.
During my current tenured of being employed at GM for over 15 years now, I have seen the worse attempt (or no attempt at all) at diversity and inclusion at the Fairfax, Kansas plant. I have seen this culture severely demean minorities and especially minority women in ways that would make any adult cry. I have heard and seen grossly and highly insulting behavior, comments, actions, and jokes but if you try to speak up, just know that you will lose your job over it. There are definitely some good and upstanding people in the company but few and far between at this plant. Management does their best to insult you in front of your peers just to prove they're superior and keep you in constant fear of losing your job or retaliation.
Advice: Hire managers that have a heart as well as a brain. No one should be subjected to managers and a workforce that operates out of fear and intimidation.
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits
Overtime is readily available

Cons: Despite massive strides and realignments in recent years, it's still a 100+ year old car company. On the IT-side, legacy attitudes often clash with modern tech culture. Bureaucracy, metrics, and the drive to "innovate" sometimes obscures sound technical practices. Pay is not as competitive as high-profile IT companies and there are few workplace extras. Several perks which wooed IT workers in the initial expansion have since vanished.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent holiday and vacation package, including Election Day and an end-of-year shutdown. Vacation days are given, not accrued - distribute however you like throughout the year. Yearly performance-based bonuses. The company is striving toward a collaborative and inclusive culture. Mild discounts on new vehicles which extend to family and friends - usually enough to get a trim upgrade on an existing budget. For IT workers, you have four work locations available.

Cons: Politics trump value.  Promotion is based
on connections (I.e. Be from India or else).  Culture is devolving from bouncing back from bankruptcy to repeating the behaviors that led to bankruptcy.  Want to learn from the people that bankrupted the world's largest company?  They are all still here, fighting for control and winning.
Advice: GM is an iconic American company and there are talented people who would do anything to restore GM to what it should be.  Stop letting politics trump value and refocus on supporting real innovation.  Nobody wins if you just become Tata Motors 2.
Pros: If you are focused on command and control, your best friend and new boss just relocated from New Delhi, and you care a lot more about politics than quality this is the place for you.

Cons: With pensions frozen there's no real reason to stay other than accrued vacation time.
You need to be very political to get ahead. There's little regard for technical excellence.
More bureaucracy seems to be management's answer to every problem.
Management only seems interested in developing and promoting youth. Mid career employees who've been stuck waiting for Baby Boomers to retire and open up opportunities are being overlooked.
Advice: Give more consideration to those who still have 10 to 25 years to go in their career.
If you're not getting the results you want, ask yourself if you have the right people in place in middle management. Address the problems in 'the frozen middle'.
Pros: Flexible hours and occasional work from home if you have the right manager.
Lot's of hiring going on, but maybe too much.
Good career potential for a young, new hire. (See below if you are experienced.)

Cons: Being one of the largest companies in the world, many things get delayed due to communication issues and procedures that are not clearly defined. With all of the downsizing and lateral moves still going on, large amounts of undocumented knowlege is being lost.
Advice: Many of the systems in place to document projects, processes and production are collecting the right stuff, but not very many people at the plant level understand the tools available to them.  My suggestion is to streamline the tools necessary to perform the job, then train everyone over and over on how to use those tools and how to use the data the posess.
Pros: Being one of the largest companies in the world, GM has the resources to make any size project work properly.  There are many layers of "check & balance" in place to validate new processes successful.

Cons: The IT organization is going the micro-management route with tickets, time monitoring, etc.  Makes you feel like you are not trusted.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors is a great place to work.  When writing reviews about such a large company, users need to understand that one person can have it very different than another.  It all depends on your specific organization, manager, and etc.  I hope to only include elements that apply to all GM employees.  GM has a fair and transparent stance on many things including compensation and job opportunities.  That impresses me.  Salaried employees are given information on their current salary vs the market rate, what level they are, etc.  The job opportunity awareness program gives employees a shot of the hundreds of jobs available any given day.

Cons: Overcoming enormous hurdles. For instance selling vehicles that are over priced according to the bank,  Which in turn asking for customers for money down due to credit & book value. Also not believing in what you are selling.
Advice: I would like to obtain a responsible position within an established organization that values loyalty and hard work. Willing to take advantage of training that will enhance my value to the employer.
Pros: Dealerships are changing. There are fewer and fewer dealerships around anymore. I love cars, if you like people, and are ethical, you have the chance to be very successful, and work around, drive, and even own some of your favorite cars. As a bonus, you have the opportunity to help change the dealer stereotype for the better, and hopefully years down the road people can actually look forward to shopping for a car.

Cons: With how well the company does, it would be nice to see more benefits for cars and services. Or even company paid events of some sort.
Advice: Show off car technology and recent successes to other employees to get them excited about the product. People can very much be in their own world. Learn to recognize and let go those who don't participate and do minimum work.
Pros: Great opportunities to improve the business within for software developers. Since they in-sourced their IT there are many areas where you can be free to innovate and it's encouraged. Since automotive and manufacturing are complex, there is just about anything you could want to do at this company. It's almost a start up feel in the IT innovation centers outside of Detroit.

Benefits are nice and the bonus can be rewarding especially if the company is doing well.

Cons: The people managers that get hired have 0 experience in actually managing people. You're likely to end up with someone managing you that has no idea what the product you're working on actually does. In order to actually get a promotion you're compared to every other employee at the same level, so if you end up on a project that's not making as many moves don't expect to get a promotion. The managers will say that no one is going to get cut from your team and what do you know the next week your team has been cut. I would avoid this company at all costs, there are a variety of better tech options for developers in Austin. Do not even come here as a last resort, it's just Dell light.
Advice: Get out of technology or actually start moving as fast is needed to compete in the tech space. You're just wasting good developers time with bogus projects that get nowhere or are worth nothing.
Pros: The benefits are nice but that's about it.

Cons: constant harassment about how you do your job and never treated with respect by management 
they talk down to the employees like little children and quick to punish  in you make one mistake out of many cars built.
Never praise the employees for a job well done
Don't know where they found the plant manager but told employees that if you don't like what i tell you to do K-Mart was hiring
Advice: Company is way to top heavy  why do we need so many presidents and vice presidents can't the managers handle the work and do away with the so called title and hundreds of presidents and vice presidents come on get real the only reason for the title is for a bigger salary and bonuses no wonder Gm is losing money. Gotta pay the presidents
Should only be one president and one CEO
Pros: good pay and thats it better be able to shovel the sh it and put up with the constant brow beatings!

Cons: Very difficult to get a promotion and progress in career. New internal roles rarely become available and if they do, employees are not notified. Sometimes the work can get stale and there is not a defined process put in place to create a streamlined workflow.
Advice: Management needs to get organized. There seems to be a great deal of miscommunication as to what people's job roles are and what their team is responsible for and working on. They need to lead by example and collaborate with other managers as much as they're team collaborates among themselves. You should ALWAYS know the employees you manage, what their names are and what they do.
Pros: Great people, great benefits, competitive salary. They truly care about their employees and create a nice work environment that's great for collaborating.

Cons: Unfair growth opportunities to a few. The 20 high profile in Austin that HP complained about are an example and the further showing the same by picking their own.  Growth limited by who you know and not what you know.  You Don't need a technical degree or be a poor developer and you can be a manager or a leader.
Advice: There will be no innovation if you hire all the old timers again.
Break the growth based on connections.  Stop making failed developers and PM your leaders.
Do inventory of how many IT leaders have technical degree or developed technology in recents years or can write code or ever wrote code
Pros: Benefits are good compare to other companies in this category.
Big investments on technology and buildings

Cons: During my time at GM, what began as leadership was slowly replaced by management, ending with my team going through four different managers in the last two years. The CIO has stated flat out that there are no clear career paths in IT. Several employees who had attempted to "Be Bold", "Look Ahead", and "Innovate Now" with regard to process improvement were consistently berated by their respective managers for daring to question the status quo. Credit for any good ideas went to management while many of those employees were eventually walked out in February.
Advice: Start actually valuing what you claim to be GM values. Stop allowing management to abuse the GM Recognition system by using it to each other on the back.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Learning resources are available, though are not exactly encouraged.

Cons: Sometimes long hours; fluctuation in the markets can impact resources for accomplishing your mission, and also impact amount and timing of compensation programs.
Advice: Continue to focus on performance, upgrade the contribution of those who are average to slightly above average, and encourage those who don't want to improve and excell to leave.
Pros: Exciting new products in multiple markets around the world, which include emerging automotive technology (like the Volt extended range electric vehicle, which runs on batteries, but has a small, fuel efficient 3 cylinder engine to back it up and recarge the batteries if you get too far from your normal charging point); competitive pay and benefits; great discounts on cars and trucks; an opportunity to work globally--there is explosive growth overseas in eastern Europe, Russia, India, and China.

Cons: Middle management (Directors down to Chief Engineers) seem to be so "ladder" focused at the expense of corporate competitiveness.
Extrordinary efforts are often rewarded whereas results are not.
Tout "Workplace of choice" when 50 hour work weeks are the expected norm
Advice: The current recognition systems reward individual effort.  Need to find a way to reward genuine team efforts.
Instead of demanding 10 hour workdays, create a workplace that entices people to put in those hours willingly.
Focus on rewarding workers for favorable results instead of just effort.
Give genuine accountability and lattitude to directors, chiefs and managers.  Carefully review leaders capabilities to produce results and adjust org accordingly.  Eliminate/diffuse any "good old boys clubs" and identify those who produce valuable results.
Pros: Complex technical challenges
Ability to contribute to technical leadership of the company
Flexible work hours

Cons: Not enough accountability, still not holding employees and managers accountable for performance issues and too many team members just coasting.  

Not a progressive company, too much of a need to be at my desk to be getting my job done perception/first in last out culture.
Advice: Not acting quickly enough to address the culture required to be a workplace of choice, executives gave a disheartening rate GM a workplace of choice or leave speech at all people meeting.  

Still too much frozen/ineffective middle management left from the historical pre-bankruptcy "old GM".
Pros: Great opportunities to work with advanced, exciting new vehicles with emerging technologies.  

Fresh new products that have excellent styling, design and quality.  

Executive leadership has a strong focus on making GM a workplace of choice.

Cons: Corporate America dog eat dog ladder climbing political game playing back biting lucky to come out alive if your not crazy gong in you will be when you leave;
Long hours long days long weeks work your body out daily exhausted & stressed Mentally & emotionally as well as physically
Advice: Speak to employees personally openly honestly as friend trusting believing the best have faith help instruct don't talk negative behind their back conniving gossiping criticizing or set them up for failure or discipline. Have a great attitude be a team on your dept shift area etc have planning mtgs brainstorming weekly parties go out to buffets after work certain days
Pros: Wonderful experience training patient mgmt. earn a wonderful living wage can save up & live out old age on pension ...
UAW dependable responsible everyday in every way

Cons: Sometimes the workload is overwhelming. Upper management is trying to hire more engineers, but it is difficult to find great candidates (something I know from trying to recruit to GM's high standards of GPA requirements and hands-on experience myself). Many of us are hoping this will get better soon, but the nice part is that you are always busy and you generally get pulled into many different roles to help your team get stuff done before deadlines. 

Sometimes the travel is overwhelming with a calibration role, you tend to work from sun-up to sun-down on these trips and get little time to re-charge at night, but if you love your work its not bad.
Advice: Keep focusing on trying to not overload engineers and try to hire more people to disperse some of the workload. Otherwise, great job listening to the employee surveys, I have heard many good things from my co-workers. 

It would be beneficial for employee-morale to pay more overtime on development trips. There are many complaints about the long hours away from family with hardly anytime to call home and talk to wife/kids when they are away. There are also costs associated with travelling (getting a baby sitter on weekends, hiring a company to keep up with lawn care, having contractor deal with issues that come up unexpectedly at home while you are not around to fix them, boarding pets, etc. that do not seem to be taken into account by managements slight compensation and a vacation day for Sunday work).
Pros: Many perks to this job such as a competitive salary, profit sharing, company vehicles, future product exposure, and raises are common if you work hard every day. It is fast-paced and the company is always seeking new advances in engine/transmission/hybrid technology. I am very happy to be a part of General Motors. I would strongly suggest taking a job here if possible. Many people are scared of moving to the area, but if you are interested in Powertrain, it does not get much better than living in the towns around Milford and Pontiac, they are typically low in crime and you have access to a lot of fun areas. It is also easy to drive further out of the populated areas and live in the country if you want to prevent driving in congestion etc. 

Career Development here is outstanding, if you want something, there are many people here that will do anything to help you get there (including Managers and Directors). The company seems to have switched to a "new" model of "put people in the jobs that will make them happy" and you can see the results, no one is leaving and many are coming into GM from Chrysler/Ford. I cant say enough about how supportive and helpful management is to help your self-develop.

Cons: Pretty much everyone ends up with a work related injury that you shouldn't expect them to care about.  Employees are completely disposable and are treated as such. As soon as you get hurt you get treated poorly  and told to quit so that they can bring in a new fresh body. Also lots of discrimination toward line workers from management.  Also  management will make mistakes and pin it on the  employees.  If you are a new hire you will also probably be  a temp for several years before being offered permanent employment. Lots of people joke that they work in hell but GM employees actually do.
Advice: Treat your employees like people instead of robots or machines.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Some of my co workers are nice.

Cons: It is not what I expected when I was recruited.  Environment is very hierarchical and  lower level employees are expected to nod their heads and do what they are told.  Plus, environment is not the same since many people were laid off here.
Advice: Make the organization flatter and more decentralized.  Be honest with college recruits as to what they should expect in that management is not open to new ideas and change in general.  Expect a lot of good people to leave during and after each layoff, and a lot of not so great people will also be protected with layoffs
Pros: Fun environment with a lot of other recent college grads.  Ping pong tables, onsite cafeteria, and some fun groups to be a part of

Cons: Work feels like it goes at a snail's pace. It has mismanaged things, such as skimping on a laptop. In an effort to "save" money, they will give a software engineer the same laptop they give HR. This, for example, causes one to waste more time waiting on the PC that could have been spent actually being productive. The time overall spent ends up costing more in salary than if they had just bought a good laptop. This isn't the only "cost cutting" (I use this partially facetiously) strategy they have used that has backfired or otherwise caused decrease quality of life for engineers. Their transition from Rational Synergy to Git is another that comes to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. 401k match. PTO. 17 paid holidays per year. Good insurance. Above average pay.

Cons: Current financial problems make for considerable state of discomfort and concern about future of the company.  Newer employees will not receive as generous of benefits.
Advice: Move more quickly to get new products to market.  Be more in tune with what customers want.
Pros: Excellent company to work for (in spite of current financial problems).  Good pay and benefits, excellent support with essential work equipment and excellent work environment.  Neat and clean environment, very attuned to safety of employes.  I would have a difficult time thinking of something negative to say about working for General Motors.  They are an excellent company to work for and even though they have a huge number of employees, I always felt  very close to my group.  They were very cooperative and worked well as a team.

Cons: Career planning is basically non-existent.  Also, some would say that favoritism is used when consideration is made for promotions.  The current management strategy seems to be to pit each function against the other functions so decision making is excruciatingly difficult.  Making progress often means that one must fight relentlessly until others give in through attrition.
Advice: Take some calculated risks and stop doing things a certain way because that is the way it has always been done.
Pros: The discount on cars is very good.  Also I really get along well with most of the people I work with.  The traditional week or so shutdown period between Christmas and New Year's Day (given as holidays) is something to look forward to every year.  Up until recently the healthcare benefits were outstanding.

Cons: Promotions are 100% based on who you know - 0% based on performance (at least within VSSM). This is an extremely political company, which is the princpal reason that it doesn't perform well in the marketplace. The not-invented-here symdrome is also fairly prevalent.
Advice: Do some serious house cleaning within the Exec ranks before the company implodes. Try zero-base assessments of the Directors and above.
Pros: If you love cars or trucks and everything in between, it doesn't get any better. GM's Design and Engineering are top notch in the industry when management let's them loose. GM's pay and benefits are generous - principally because management has to keep the salaried folks on par with the UAW folks. Most people at GM have never worked anywhere else in their career, not do they have the desire to work anywhere else.

Cons: Too slow to change
Too many layers still
Flexible work arrangements are not encouraged.  
Reluctant to promoting change and ideas
Still old school groups that have stronghold
Cross functional training is not well done or at all done
Not work place of choice yet
Promotions within some organizations is not common
Does not have company family referral program for job placement/internship
Advice: Listen to customers and employees
React faster with more urgency when customers are dissatisfied
Standardize regional processes and practices-still not there
Make design changes faster
Promote or hire for best potential capability and leadership of candidate vs just past experience
Study and provide work arrangement policy and implement across the board
Provide childcare or alternative support near work locations
Pros: Great Value, ethical standards
Good people to work with
Many areas to work in
Diverse culture and organization
Good benefits
Good bonus
Working on continuous improvement
Workers are engaged
Good standardized process and controls in manufacturing cars

Cons: Group Leaders probably have the most difficult job in the company. Daily work life is spent sandwiched between upper management and the UAW; you get unbelievable amounts of stress from both ends. There are a lot of cliques: If you don't align yourself with one of them,  you basically end up getting overlooked for promotion and other opportunities, but what company doesn't have some level of high school shenanigans? The person who is the outsider, that is to say, someone who removes themselves from the daily drama,  is considered as not being a team player.
Advice: Learn to be faithful. If this were the military, a lot of people would be convicted of adultery.
Pros: Decent pay for the area but still behind the curve as compared to Ford and Chrysler.

Cons: GM IT is out for itself and not GM. GM IT is basically a transplant of management from HP/Dell/Walmart that all move around with each other under Randy Mott like an NFL coaching staff, and bring their players with them — former HP/Dell employees. There is lots of faking going on. Hiring occurred that left unexperienced non-technical college hires in technical roles because the interview is only behavioral. GM IT is in a cost cutting stage and replacing everything with open-source, but is too nervous to fire/layoff anyone, and is just begging people to leave. As a new college hire, you will have to frequently ignore people who have been there a while because their information or approach will just be wrong or not a best practice. You will have to ignore management that simplifies complicated takes and ignores details for “quick wins”. Quantity is more important than quality. 

My guess is there will be some colossal failure in the next 3-4 years that ruins the reputation of GM IT because of the lack of approach to detail, not diagnosing the actual cause of technical problems, and rushing stuff to production. Lots of quick dirty fix solutions. What it could be is anyone’s guess, but it is most likely coming because of the lack of experience being thrown at complex problems. College hires are cheap, but the ones who have high potential and can solve those problems just leave after getting a fully vested 401k.
Advice: Test everything. Coordinate better across teams. Know when the resources don’t exist accomplish the goal. Value quality over quantity. Listen to the business before assuming your arrogant brain understands the auto industry immediately, because you’re a CIO or in management. Take time to solve actual use cases instead of standing up random junk to look “innovative” and to justify IT.
Pros: Opportunities to drive change
Large company experience, learn to navigate the behemoth, as well as dealing with GM IT’s private cloud/data centers, which are unstable
Can have some good co workers

Cons: Reasons not to work at General Motors: below industry average salary for "worker bees", managers too worried about putting out fires, poor communication of leadership with lower management, scarce promotional opportunities due to industry conditions, most assembly plant locations are not interesting to young professionals, trying to transition jobs to lower cost regions of the world, hard to increase pay unless you take a leadership/manegerial jump (which are scarce), career development is lacking, the long term picture doesn't look good
Advice: The salaried work force has low morale.  Performing exceptionally is rarely recognized monetarily.  You can't use the industry downturn as an excuse to justify it.  The skilled salaried workers you need will leave for greener pastures.  You can't cost cut yourself to profitability.
Pros: Reasons to work at GM: love of the automotive industry, interest in manufacturing, desire to work at a big corporation

Cons: Good benefits and employer.Good benefits and employer.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and employer. Good benefits and employer. Built on the strength of its diverse workforce, and recognizes the value of incorporating diverse backgrounds in our global workforce. General Motors has been a supporter and ally of Veterans for more than 100 years.Being made for more means always pressing onward. It’s a concept that reflects GM’s constant pursuit of fresh ideas and groundbreaking solutions. The automotive industry is quickly evolving and we’re determined to be at the forefront of change, leveraging our creativity to define the new era of mobility.General Motors has played a pivotal role in the global auto industry for more than 100 years. From the first Buick horseless carriages to technological marvels like the Chevrolet Volt, our products and innovations have always excelled at putting the world on wheels. Here are some of our stories.

Cons: GM is a big company and while that provides endless opportunity it does narrow job roles.   You probably won't "wear as many hats" as you would at a smaller company. It creates great opportunities if it fits who you are.
Advice: Continue in the direction that you're headed.
Pros: I have been at GM for over a year and have had a great experience. Leadership at all levels is stepping out of prior mindsets that US auto companies were criticized for.  You know something is changing when every employee with 20+yrs exp is talking about how the company is changing in positive ways.   Better designed vehicles. Safer Vehicles. More technology in the vehicles. More technology in planning and manufacturing the vehicles.  More fiscal responsibility as a company. More in tune with the customer.

Cons: The guidelines for leadership are there and expectations are not followed by all.  If you are not in the privilege group you can forget fairness regarding opportunities.
Advice: Look deeper into your managers in certain areas.   Employees are afraid to speak up due to retaliations.   I watched with my own eyes contractors being promoted without degrees and others that were hired into to GM  with credentials  were overlooked. and mistreated.    People were promoted to higher levels  due to personal relationships with management and very minimum leadership experience.  You never have to admit it but many know the real deal.
  Career Opportunities should not be based on who you are friends with.
Pros: Good company just the leadership in certain areas are not held to same  high standards.   People not sharing the truth.

Cons: The auto industry is doing very poorly, so the opportunities for growth are limited.  Job cuts seem to be coming our way with the lack of sales.  The health care coverage co-pays keep increasing every year, so it's become much more expensive to get full coverage.
Advice: We need to keep producing great vehicles and find ways to eliminate waste.  We also need to reduce the number of dealerships.
Pros: My position offers flexible work hours, which is good for me and my family.  The company rewards smart employees who can continue to innovate and improve manufacturing and design processes even in these tough times.  New technology is still being researched and implemented, so there are opportunities to work on cutting edge.  There are many opportunities to work on global programs, which offers the chance to travel overseas.

Cons: Work life balance is something you need to be proactive about. You could work 80 hours a week and still not finish your work load. Figuring out a good balance for yourself and your compensation/responsibilities is key to not burning out.
Advice: Keep up the great work. Would like to see better Team GM rewards or higher wage increases to compensate for downturns.
Pros: Work with the top industry leads and technology in automotive world. Always way too much work to be done every day, which for someone that struggles to stay focused is a blessing in disguise. Job description 100% lines up with my hobbies and love every day at work. Vacation time and benefits are top notch, in fact I have too much vacation time if anything (absolutely no complaints).

Cons: Cracking down on Work from home
Slow pace
Never challenged
Lots of red tape to implement even the simplest of changes
They over hire all the time, so layoffs occur every 3-6 years, update your resume constantly 
They want cheap labor from the college new hires to replace the experienced hires
Advice: Reduce the amount red tape in the IT realm for changes. Stop overhiring! If you have a number hit it and see and not do layoffs.
Pros: Excellent Benefits and Pay!
$1500 a year for getting a physical
You get yearly bonus based on performance
3% raise each year no matter what how bad an employee you are
lots of paid holidays, no really I mean it. The most I have ever had
15 vacation days to start with and after 2 years you get 20!
Even their layoff packages were very generous

Cons: Work is broken down a little too much here.  You get assigned a small chunk of work when you have capacity to do so much more.  There are not a lot of opportunities to work on different teams and get to know different parts of the business, although this was originally one of the selling points of working here.  Very cliquey, very easy to feel isolated if you aren't on good terms with your manager
Advice: Please make the layoff criteria a little more objective in the future.  I had excellent performance reviews for 4+ years and yet I was laid off.  Some lower performers on my team got to keep their jobs.
Pros: There are a lot of opportunities for young women at GM right now.  A Fortune 500 company looks good on your resume

Cons: It was frustrating that they could take the same position and fill it with someone with a high level person with 20 years experience (and pay them for that) and then the next moment fill the same position with someone with hardly any experience at a much lower level and pay band. It doesn't make sense that level and compensation varys so much when the job description and requirements remain the same throughout.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and benefits were good (including 18 paid holidays) with frequent raises, promotions or opportunities to move within the function, whether or not you have relevant experience. The jobs I had were always a lot of fun and I was friends with most of the people I worked with.

Cons: Bait and switch hiring practice. During hiring, I was told my position would be software developer with team TBD, and ended up being placed in an operational role with little to no software development. If this happens to you, try to switch or wait it out until a new position is available and be open with your manager about this.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has an excellent work culture with kind employees and good work life balance. 3 weeks PTO to begin and eventually it increases to 20 days, plus company holidays, which are numerous. If you're placed on a team which aligns with your interests, you will probably enjoy working here. The tech is pretty modern and there is a lot of room for learning and growth. Managers here are excellent in my experience.

Cons: GM is very large and has yet to live up to the dynamic/agile hype.  you will be more politicking than innovative, but some folks enjoy that.  It is a very old company so many of the work areas can be run down looking and system are very outdated.  Most people working here have been in the company 25+ years.  Moving up in finance is based on being in a Management track, so if you are not invited you can't move up.
Advice: Bring some excitement!  Lose the old boys club rigidity.
Pros: People are great, Detroit suburbs are actually quite a nice (coming from California), a lot of outdoors stuff to do.  GM, really takes care of you, and the cost of living is very good.

Cons: -Too much work for not enough people. I'm an Automation lead on 2 projects that were both garbage fires when I joined bc of incompetent people before me, and I've had to do double work the entire time just to get caught up.
-They give you trainings when you come in, but they are pretty much useless if you went to college for CS.
-It's nearly impossible to find any useful information about changing business practices because they're websites aren't easy to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: -The pay is pretty good and you get nice bonus and raise every year.
-They were well prepared to work from home when Covid started and have had good Covid practices.
-Insurance benefits are through Aetna and they are good.

Cons: * No company value, no one cares about the future or the products the company makes. A lot of smart people are loading up on Tesla stocks, they know GM is doomed.
* Too many useless managers who don't know anything about software or IT in general. They got their jobs by knowing a few buzz words and being a good pet of their managers.
* Too much bureaucracy.
* Too much personal favoritism. It's all about who you go to lunch with and who's rear you kiss. 
* Half of the employees are just out of college who only cares about video games, the other half are at the retirement age, they are here to the easy paydays.
Advice: Fire all your level 8 and 9 managers!
Pros: * A lot of holidays.
* Not much stress.

Cons: Although I must admit not all make it to production.Reason maybe market trends and most of all bureaucracy on the part of various organization and the Oil companies that try to bottle neck the flow of the innovative technology to production.
Advice: Keep up the good work and facilitate new technology development and let the work speak for itself. These are hard times currently, but persistence and patience will eventually pay off.
Pros: Very Innovative and aggressive research environment. Interesting innovations are being researched everyday. Product development towards one single goal - to provide an automobile that make the customer satisfied to the extent that he/she is loyal out of free will to the GM brand.

Cons: Still a conservative white male bastion!!  Worklife balance is considered a priority yet there are times that this is impossible due to timing demands.  North American automotive market in general is decline and NA opportunities are limited.
Advice: Stop looking in the mirror for more of the same when it comes to hiring and promotions.
Pros: Great products, brilliant team of engineers. Global presence is strong with many opportunities for ISP's. Pay & benefits are excellent. Education training thru GMU is targeted and allows for good professional growth.  Good team enviroment in Product Development which enables a critical focus on getting it right the first time.  Advancement in automotive technolgy is at a lightning pace that is exciting and cutting edge.

Cons: The company has a very simple and effective work plan: the recruiters lie to people to get them in.  Once in, managers dump 3x the work that any person can humanly handle.  Then HR makes sure that they get a "poor performer" review if they try to look for a job at another company.  How do you get out of this perpetual cycle?  You don't!  You work till you're worn out at which point you are quietly replaced by a fresh young college hire.  GM has been around for a very long time and they've gotten pretty good at this game.  If you want to work here, just know what you are getting yourself into.  And good luck.
Advice: Grow a heart
Pros: People here are young, optimistic, and eager to learn.  Cafeteria also serves awesome food.  This makes lunchtime awesome...just a bunch of chill people eating good food.

Cons: There's the obvious con- General Motors is hard on your body while working on the line. There are also several Saturdays scheduled throughout the year which makes it hard to plan anything on the weekends.
Advice: Listen to the employees on the line who are showing genuine interest in moving into management, especially if it's over a course of time. It is frustrating to be overlooked while in the process of pursuing a degree.
Pros: General Motors offers great benefits to their employees and their employees families. They're also good about giving some time off to new mothers (6-8 weeks off for the mother after the birth of their child). GM also helps out with paying for school which is extremely helpful for students working there. Having the holidays off is also a big bonus.

Cons: Our schedules for the work day are not very flexible.  We are not able to plan any time with our families on the weekends.  It’s hot and dusty.
Advice: The business is being mismanaged.  We do not have enough coverage to finished our work schedule.  We need more help. We need better equipment to do our jobs, like reach trucks that are broken down.  Also, it’s very dusty and hot in the summer.  There is no air conditioning. Our fans are not positioned correctly to provide optimum cooling relief.
Pros: The pros are the health care coverage.  The profit sharing and 401k benefits are also great.  The hourly pay is very competitive.

Cons: Many employees are having to leave the company sooner than expected due to GM's aggressive change in their business.  This has left many folks seeking employment whereas they would have rather stayed and finished their career at GM.
Advice: Open communication is very important during times of change.   Keeping  channels of communication opened as much as possible will ease this major transition.
Pros: Great benefits and very competitive salaries.  GM is a very large company which means there are a lot of different opportunities and challenges.  It is a great place for younger employees starting their career because the options are endless.  They are also focused on new technology in vehicles which is the way of the future.

Cons: The new college hire program for IT is very luck of the draw. You are assigned to a team based on need and not really your skill set. I came in with JAVA skills and was assigned to a team to do web development. 

Also, some of the managers are better than others and once you are assigned at random you don't get to pick. Some of the managers like to micromanage and count bathroom breaks while others are hands off and allow you to work from home when ever you like. I got one in kind of in between which was fine.

They hire a LOT of recent college grads so if you want to get ahead you have to bust your butt. There are not a lot of opportunities for advancements so even if you do bust your butt it is not guaranteed you will get any promotion, this is the main reason I left.

GM as a whole is a very cheap company, so don't be expecting to be trying out the new cars. There are no free meals, no company sponsored parties, and no team outings. If they can save a dollar they will! I often forgot I was working for a car company!
Advice: TRUST YOUR EMPLOYEES! The CIO, Randy Mott, is old enough to be my grandfather and it shows. The company is using old tech and old fashion office practices. Let your employees revitalize so that it can excel! 

Also, LET YOUR EMPLOYEES TEST DRIVE THE CARS! I often forgot I worked for a car company.
Pros: I was hired during my senior year of college to work at the Austin IT office. I like cars and GM's offer was higher than a couple of others I received so I was excited to start! 

As an entry level employee you get to work on real projects that contribute to the company. If you have the drive and determination you can get recognition and get some extra money!

The pay is good for entry level hires. For your first 3 years, you get 4.4% increases every 6 months as long as you don't screw up!

Cons: Still very bureaucratic.  Low performers are not dealt with in a timely manner.  Leaders give too many chances to low performers, do not take the time to coach people to get better, or document the problems in order to exit them later.  The company is so big, the various silos don't know what' s going on.
Advice: Make some tough decisions and move on.  We take too long to debate things or waffle back and forth. Particularly in today's economy, we need direct leadership at times to make change happen.
Pros: We are a global company and literally have people all over the globe that are somehow connected.  Rarely do you need to 'invent' something - if you are connected you can find the answer through your network.

Cons: Trying to live down the legacy of the years of sub par cars.  Trying to make it through a tremendous automotive shake out where the playing field has not always been level.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!  I am totally impressed with the present upper management direction and dedication to making GM the worlds best automotive company.
Pros: It's challenging being the under dog but you learn what you are made of and what your capable of doing.  Once you have the GM experience it will open many other doors in your future.  Don't kid yourself though, for all the problems GM has had they have some of the brightest and most talented people in the world.  That would include both inside and outside the automotive industry.

Cons: bureaucratic nightmare. 90% of your job is pushing useless paper. Very political. Lots of lazy people due to being not held accountable because of the paperwork nightmare.
Advice: You need quality IT people and not quantity of IT people. Quite hiring 2 college hires for each Senior Hire. If you would make your processes efficient you would be more productive and need 2/3rds or the staff you have now. Too many mangers looking out for their own self. Need a management headcount reduction at the mid to lower levels.
Pros: Big company that has great benefits. Job security. I like the people personally. Lots of fringe benefits like check out a car for a week.

Cons: Culture - advertised not actual. SW engineers surrounded by technology do not have up to date, reliable tools. SW in agile - ill-defined agile process not adhered to. SW groups floundering. Company uses reorganizations to solve process/tool/culture issues. GM predominantly hires any kind of engineer to do SW rather than hiring SW professionals.
Advice: Stop reorg'g. Work on maturing whatever process you land on. Off the shelf SW tools will not work without customization to work with how the company actually functions.  Co needs basic infrastructure technology. Project Management by excel is a waste of engineering effort. Many many db need linked ie program timing to development to manufacturing, etc
Pros: Flexibility to move jobs, decent pay raises early in career. Constant search for new automotive technologies (awesome).

Cons: Scaling back operations in the US, which means fewer opportunities for advancement.
Doing more with less means that those remaining sometimes take on an unmanageable amount of work
Lack of control or minimal influence over the public's perception of our technology, quality, business model, prodcut portfolio, etc.
Advice: Learn how to give candid, constructive feedback to your employees, and practice it!
Don't use the excuse "we have never done that before" or "it has always been this way".
Pros: Flexibility from a work life balance perspective
Global opportunities
Opportunity to "own" projects, programs, processes
Great discounts on GM vehicles and related services
Opportunity to represent a company that everyone in the world has heard of
Seeing our vehicles on the road and knowing that I played a part in the execution of a high-quality, great-looking product.

Cons: Awful industry to work in-- oversized, bloated company. Instability in terms of job future. Average age is 50+. Although people are proud to work for GM, they are not willing to see that even greater change needs to occur for the company to turn around. Hopefully the Volt will help GM but aside from that this company is slowly dying.
Advice: Think of better ways to downsize amount of car brands.
Pros: In my time at GM I had an overall good experience.  If you have a good manager you have room for growth and development. The pay and benefits are great. Most supervisors have 20+ years of experience so they know the industry well. Overall, General Motors is a company with some great, experienced people.

Cons: Constant threat of lay-offs, plant closings, and job loss.  Continual mind games in regard to security.  The fact that the general public has such a horrid view of hourly GM employees make it unpleasant to tell people you work there even if you're proud of the job you do.
Advice: Be honest with employees.  Knowledge is power, true, but shared knowledge is even more power.  Stop giving lip service, if you say it MEAN it and LIVE it yourselves.  Respect your hourly employees enough to treat them the way you would wish to be treated.
Pros: The pay and benefits, even though those are going away.  Some educational opportunities if your schedule allowed you to take advantage of them.

Cons: The company is in serious trouble with large legacy costs.  The geographic location of GM limits the talent it can attract.  The company is stingy with productivity enhancers such as notebook computers, cell phones, virtual offices.
Advice: The geographic location of GM limits the talent it can attract.  Move to an attractive location and reap the financial benefits (and cull the workforce).  The very best employees can work wherever they want.  Very few will want to live in the Detroit area.
Pros: Company does not expect your soul.  General Motors offers a very  liberal vacation program.  General Motors offers a very liberal benefits package.  General Motors has a very intelligent workforce.

Cons: It doesn't matter what position you hired in for, when a re-org happens, nobody cares.  No job future here in IT.   Old GM directors in IT know absolutely nothing about IT and the nobody knows what the new directors know.  No strategy comes from the Top. They leave it to the little guys at the bottom to figure everything out.  What a mess it is.
Advice: Soon, many of the new IT hires will be walking out the door unless they see a future at this company and leadership from the top down.  Get rid of the dead weight that's been sitting around for years!
Pros: The pay and benefits are good.

Cons: There really are no cons that I can think of other than the company intranet is limited to Sharepoint, which is very tedious when trying to create a website
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits, high-quality expectations, professional culture, modern work environment, several employee-centered social events, always reaching out to the community through volunteering and fundraising

Cons: The biggest issue is management and leadership.  Quality, first line managers who genuinely care about their employees and their teams are hard to come by.  Upper management is tone def when it comes to understanding culture.  Things like execs walking the cubes at 5:30 pm and checking to see who is still at work are ridiculous practices that should be abolished.  

Lots of horror stories of favoritism and lack of interest in career development from managers towards their employees.
Advice: Pay closer attention to who your managers are.  Management has been a severely lacking skill at GM.  Team culture and dynamics are important.
Good developers are not an easily replaceable resource.
Pros: Great pay
Great benefits
Excellent vacation, 401k and bonus

Cons: The industry has its ups and down, very cyclical.  This industry is very sensitive to any swings in the economy.  It is still quite conservative on many of its functions.
Advice: Please take care of your Gen x'er.  Many of us stuck around during the recession/bankruptcy out of passion for this industry and now feel passed over by less experienced workers when it comes to promotional opportunities.
Pros: The best thing is you can get to have many different careers without ever leaving the company.  Throughout the years I have been able to do Technical, Leadership, Recruiting...  Is very easy to move laterally. If you get bored is your own fault.  Very exciting to work on the cars of the future.

Cons: Temps start off with one day a week and if they like you then you get more. Every year the plant closes for 2-6 weeks for upgrades and you get a small amount of cash through unemployment. You also have to work at Truck and Bus for possibly 7-8 years before they hire you. You get no sick days. The only way to get time off is by asking your supervisor. Hopefully he likes you. You work 6 days a week once you become a temp.
Advice: The supervisors are fine but to upper management I’d wish they would take the time to walk in our shoes. Without faith it is impossible to get through this process. They have no understanding nor sympathy for the hell they put you through.
Pros: The pay is normally excellent if you can get in

Cons: Jobs on the assembly line are overloaded.  Jobs start as "temporary" with no benefits and may take quite some time to become "permanent" with benefits.  As a temporary employee, you are a floater and are continually moved around to different areas and jobs on the line which doesn't allow you to become fully efficient at the jobs you're on.  Management is highly stressed and it reflects on how they treat new employees.
Advice: Jobs are not set up in an organized manner.  Listen to your employees and set the jobs up so that they can be done more easily with the materials needed close at hand and in a systematic manner.
Pros: Starting salary was decent as compared to other manufacturing jobs in the St. Louis metro area.  No experience is needed to be hired.

Cons: Very hard to move around.  Managers never say good job and only point out what you and your team is doing wrong.  Moral at the company is very low.  I have never seen so many people that are unhappy and put up with it (thats why the pay is so good).
Advice: Tell the mid level managers not to micro-manage.  Work is boring because I don't have to think but instead just do what my boss says (which changed hourly)
Pros: Great pay for what you do!  Let me restate that, REALLY great pay for what you do.  Company is very good about letting you have time off for family things (i.e. getting out early for your kids tee-ball games, getting time off for Dr. visits).

Cons: I worked in marketing and product management and see them going back to their old, pre-bankruptcy ways. It's all about the price of the vehicle versus building brands or getting a competitive advantage by differentiating the vehicles and making the online shopping experience state of the art.  Marketing and Sales at GM talk a good game, but it's just talk.  If you want to work for a progressive marketing organization go someplace else.
Advice: Forget about the deal of the day and build brands.  Invest in the purchase funnel outside of retail advertising.
Pros: General Motors currently has good leadership at the very top with Mary Barra.  They are positioning themselves nicely as a technology company versus an auto manufacturer.  In addition, GM pays well, and is a stable, large organization.

Cons: Hours- Usually works six days a week
Bad lower level management
Advice: None
Pros: Salaries for GM workers and Ford are listed publicly on the UAW website under contracts, generally $22-$27 on average for full-time forklift and production workers.  Temporary forklift and production  workers hired before Oct 2015 contract started at $17,   hired after this date started at $15.  All positions have shift premiums averaging $1-$2 more for 2nd shift and $2-$3 more for 3rd shift. This is in addition to the salaries listed above. 
All insurance (medical, dental, vision) is covered by GM for the employee, spouse, and children at no charge to the employee. (Temporary employees only get medical but still covers whole family -no charge)
Holidays - GM has 16 paid holidays plus an extra day on federal election years.

Cons: I came in as a college hire. When the company hired all the people at once there was no real vetting process. It was as if they hired anyone that can turn on a computer. Over the years these people have stuck around. It can be really frustrating to work with these people. 

What makes this more frustrating is that the company has a lack of opportunities for raises and promotions. So it doesn't seem to matter if you work hard or if you spend all day chilling. You will be compensated the same and given the same raise. This may be a positive for people  who just want to show up at work and collect a pay check. But it stops people from going out and being ambitious and excelling at work. 

Because the company doesn't promote or provide opportunities for upwards mobility all of the good talent tends to leave for companies that do give these opportunities. These people are either never replaced or replaced with college hires. As a company we really should be doing a better job of retaining the good talent and letting the bottom people go elsewhere. However it seems to be the opposite. So I'm not looking forward to what GM IT will look like in a few years. 

The last thing I will say. The salary isn't great. I would say it's at the bottom level of competitive. Like if a competitive salary in the area is between $x-$y then GM is paying you $x on the dot.
Advice: You're going to really start seeing some issues in the next couple of years when all of the great developers you originally hired go elsewhere. You need to keep the good people and let the bad people go. Make your employees feel valuable and they will be able to do some great work for you.
Pros: I want to preface everything I say here by saying that GM IT is very large and diverse. The experience that one person has isn't the experience that other people will have because it will defer from manager to manager. 

GM IT is still relatively new. A few years back they hired thousands of people all at once, and there were some real growing pains. It's getting better, but there's definitely still room to grow. 

Because GM is an old car manufacturer people assume that the IT environment here is very formal. It's not. It doesn't have the techy environment that you see from typical large software shops like Google. There is a bit of a balance. 

Very relaxed working environment. The work life balance here really can't be matched. Again this depends on the team you are on, but for the most part work life balance seems to be what people like about here the most. 

The health insurance is good. You get some money on your HSA card every year for a physical. They do pay a few thousand per year for education reimbursement. Which is nice if you decide to go to grad school.

Cons: In a bigger company, adopting change can be slow. While this isn't always a bad thing, lots of ways the company could be 'nimble' are bogged down by the size of the company. It's slowly improving though.
Advice: None
Pros: Working in new products is difficult, but very rewarding. There are lots of different areas to grow in, lots of different skills to learn. Career opportunities are there, but networking is a must. Benefits are great, work/life balance is generally good (you'll have busy days and lazy days). 

The culture here definitely takes after it's long history, which is both good and bad. There are a lot of younger, newer faces that are bringing innovation and driving change in this company.  I'm very optimistic for the future of the company.

Cons: Lack of guidance.  You show up day one and hope someone shows you the ropes.  There is no 30 day, 90 day, 3 year, or 5 year development plans.  Shut up, and do whatever taks your remote boss tells you to.  Don't expect any recognition as your boss will ultimately take credit for your work and punish you if you make a mistake.  Want a promotion?  You better be in Austin or else dont even think about it.  Promotions are only given to friends of friends and among the 100+ programmers I work with, I have only seen 2 get promoted over the past 5 years.  I dont think any of my fellow IT staff feel appreciated.
Advice: start having bag lunches with the employees in the trenches.  My guess is whatever the directors and managers are telling you is not the truth
Pros: retirement and medical benefits are good.  annual bonuses are more than generous

Cons: The biggest result from GM’s Transformation is the return of the “frozen middle”. Everyone is afraid...to miss a metric, to raise an issue, to challenge an unrealistic target. If doesn’t get you to your goal, you don’t spend one ounce of energy on it. There are many small issues at the working level that fall into this category. And they won’t stay small for long. The middle refuses to acknowledge or deal with these issues. Exec leadership is blissfully unaware and charging full speed ahead with Transformation.
Advice: If something happens to those trucks, we are going to be in trouble. Didn’t we learn this lesson back in 2008?
Pros: Can be a great place to work, if you’re on the right team. Great pay &amp; good benefits.

Cons: No consistent work, Ineffective union, difficult to get hired permanent, repetitive work, no pension, moving to different states to keep a job, treats workers as incompetent idiots, will seek input from Line workers "bc they care" then dismiss you completely and do what they wanted to do even if it doesn't make sense or work. I could go on and on, but they're are far more cons than pros. Get an education and leave.....
Advice: There is no hope for management to get better. They hire yes men/women who will break every rule just to meet their numbers without any care in who might get hurt in the process. Too much greed, and none of them know how to actually be managers.
Pros: Decent wage, Free Heath Care, Education benefits (use them and leave!)

Cons: Work is very process driven 
No one is ever fired - many people still doing the minimum just to keep their jobs
Health benefits aren't the greatest
Current mode of slashing everything that is not critical - have even eliminated trash cans
Advice: Make the hard decisions needed now, short term sacrifice for long term reward.  I have been there for 8 years and have only seen the company decline since i've been there.  If decisions would have been made early the pain every one is going through now would be much less.
Pros: Excellent support structure for engineering world class products
Diversity in types of jobs available
Decent career growth available - must be proactive however
Detroit is an underrated city for those willing to do a little exploring

Cons: We are (and will continue to be) a work in progress.  Still streamlining structure and communications from the beast we were.  Vestigial pathologies are still being identified and addressed.
Advice: Drive On!  Sr. Management continues to do great job living and modeling  the customer-centric behavior that is the key to our survival.
Pros: GM provides opportunity for a rewarding and engaging career.  With the governments support, GM weathered the storm and is rapidly returning to being the flagship it once was.  The govt and interim management helped tear down an outdated and belligerent culture.  Current management continues to work on improving the company and developing a moat, consisting of world class product and customer ownership experience.

Cons: In my opinion lots of redundancy in processes and too much time spent on PowerPoints and structured meetings.
Advice: In my opinion folks that have been there for over 20 years (and sometimes less than that) are too stuck in their ways and too conservative.  To some extent I think the culture contributes to this way of thinking.
My opinion is that politics drives too many engineering decisions instead of technical factors.   
I am also concerned GM is doing things like they did in the old days by trying to tell customers what they should be buying rather than just making what they want.
Pros: Flexible work schedules, work from home with COVID, competitive benefits and generous bonuses, reasonable work loads, friendly atmosphere

Cons: Things move slow, cutting edge ideas are usually irritating to management and then the engineers and suppliers are typically not talented enough to do a proper execution of the initial design making designers and the company look bad on whole.
Advice: Find better engineering talent. Get more 'Rock Stars' instead of paying the lowest bidder in India to do essential software development. Would be wise to set up a UI development center in San Francisco or NYC to attract top-tier talent. It would be worth the money!
Pros: If you have a good assignment, you get a lot of visibility from your leaders and the public. It pays well and there are opportunities to work long-term assignments overseas.

Cons: This is a big one. If you do not start your job before April, you are not eligible for a pay raise next year, even if you work your butt off. So if you start at April 2015, you will not get a pay raise until April 2017. HR should be more transparent about this, because that is essentially a pay cut. So if you are considering taking an offer, you need to take this into consideration and/or after your final offer, bring up this topic and ask for an additional several percentage increase.

People are not held accountable for their work, and the work ends up going to those who have work ethic and technical knowledge. It's hard to fire people. The burden is on you to document their incompetence. And even when you do that, they would rather move the person to another team than to deal with HR. 

GM is starting to hire a lot of new college hires. It appears their strategy is to hire a lot of experienced people and throw a lot of money to incentives them to join. It's not easy to insource your entire IT operations so you need to pay people enough to deal with all the BS that comes along with off shored contractors. For example, the off shored contractors are not cooperative when it comes to knowledge transfers. We even have applications that do not have source code and we are forced to decompile the source code! Are the people who ran the projects previously held accountable? Nope, you just deal with it and make it work. 

Now that a lot of the hard work is done, their are hiring a lot of college new hires. They don't pick from top universities with strong engineering programs. GM seems to value EEO and hire from a lot of HBCU...more than I see from other companies. On a few teams I know of, there is on average a 1:1 ratio of experienced engineers to college hires. Some teams more, some teams less. But you will be spending a lot of time hand holding the new hires. Not only are some of them incompetent, but lack professionalism, such as coming in late, long lunches, missing meetings, sleeping on the job. 

In my opinion, once IT is full in-sourced, GM will start laying off the experienced engineers in hopes the new college hires who are paid a lot less will be able to take over. So if your are considering an offer, you should ask how many direct college hires are on your team and how many are experienced. 


Very little small perks. Bring your own coffee or pay $1.50...The company has no license for wireframe tool, so get use to using Microsoft Paint. No Christmas celebration or little perks to boost morale...just come in and work. 

Poor planning. I work in the Georgia Innovation Center. They've poorly planned the hiring process. People are stacked on top of each other, forced to share desks. We ended up renting a facility 15 minutes north, in Cumming to relieve the situation. Wifi is so slow because of the amount of people and poor infrastructure planning. If you can't plan for things you know will happen, how can you plan for things that you know won't happen? From an informal poll, most people live south of the facility so this is more time the company is taking away from you. Other companies I know are moving in town..GM...15 minutes further north. Myself and who joined before me did not have monitors docking stations for several months because of poor planning. Still currently only have 1 monitor. 

Even though they call the centers Innovation Centers, your job really is to take over and maintain poor performing, buggy old applications. And don't even bring up rewriting anything, no one wants to bring GM to 2015. 

The managers are generally non technical. Don't bother asking them what framework their apps use. If you ask them Spring or Struts, they'll think you're talking about the suspension system of a car. Ask them a question on PowerPoint, they can answer that. 

You have unlimited sick days. What this means is, you only take an entire day off if you are on your death bed. Other wise you work from home. 

Everything is slow. Need access to something? Fill out a ticket and wait a week. Need a firewall rule open? Fill out a ticket and wait two weeks. Of course, these blockers do not mean that *your* deadline gets pushed back.
Advice: IT works can pick and choose where they want to work. Make it a fun and productive environment.
Pros: Salary is competitive.
Start with 15 days of vacation (depending on when you join)
401k Matching is a max of 8% (assuming you meet the 3 year vesting period). 
HSA incentive of $1500 if you and/or your wife do a physical

Cons: The Austin Innovation Center was never a good place to work but certain things balanced it out like the Ambassador Program or the guaranteed raise every 6 months for new college hires.  Not so much anymore.  The Ambassador program is cancelled and the raises are no longer guaranteed.  Don't know if the changes are a sign of things to come, but probably not a place to recommend at this time.
Advice: Give back the Ambassador program, and give honest feedback about where the company is going.
Pros: Location is great.  Austin is known for it's traffic but the office is located away from all of it.  If you live nearby you wont have any traffic problems.

Cons: nepotism and promoting of friends, not always based on merit

they don't invest much in training employees or inspiring/exposing to them to the world outside of GM

terrible HR department, useless- they are biased to the corporation, not the employee

small thinking, need to catch up to the West Coast

too many meetings about other meetings, wasted time

Not much is done to promote team enthusiasm, bonding

Too much red tape to get through to get the tools employees need quickly
Advice: see Cons and figure it out
Pros: good salary increases (for some people, not for others, depends on your manager)

promote women and minorities (sometimes good, not always- at least they are trying to change the boys' club mentality.

exciting to be exposed to new and confidential designs

good relationships with software vendors

Cons: Not much to do after the new hire program is done,  glass ceilings everywhere unless you know the right people, many positions are full of people unfit for them
Advice: At this point, most new hires are aiming to stay for three years and then leave. Aim for longer retention. Also, correct immediately any misplacement of new hires in unsuitable positions.
Pros: Good work life balance, better-than-average compensation package, 20 vacation days after first year, new hire program has 6-month salary increases for 3 years plus bonuses, startup vibe; expect to "wear multiple hats", which helps you to learn new things.

Cons: There is a lot of people who aren't qualified to be doing the jobs they have. The old boys club reviews are very real.

Getting anything done means days worth of meetings.

Not all, but certain bosses will overshadow you and take your work. You do all the grunt work, they present to management and get the next level promotion.

Career opportunities are also very weak. You can move to a new job internally but don't expect to get a raise or promotion.

They like to hire people from top tier schools but then stick them in menial jobs. What a waste.
Advice: None
Pros: work / life balance and flexibility is good

Cons: In many departments, it's a toxic culture.  Several organizations have revolving door executive leadership that frequently leads to taking steps backward instead of forward.  Several layers of executives often make terrible decisions for GM customers and their employees only to try and position them for the next promotion because it was on their CAP.  There are people still there who's entire reason for existing is to make you or your team appear insufficient so they look better in front of executives.  There is almost no collaborative teamwork across organizations towards a common goal. 

Leaving the company is one of the best things that ever happened to me. I have my life and my sanity back.
Advice: Get rid of the people that contribute to the toxic culture with no exceptions.  Reward people that are good leaders and care about other people first.
Pros: Good pay, good 401k, exciting projects, generally they make good products.

Cons: HR is weak (will not fight for what's right, only what is popular), management (not leadership) is still an old boys club, the culture that many senior managers espouse is filled with double-talk and is generally not followed by they themselves (especially inclusion and respect for individuals) instead if you speak up you are punished by shunning and lack of new opportunities
Advice: not everything old in GM is bad, there were many (turns out to be too-) loyal team members that were kicked to the curb in favor of financial performance leaving behind many that aren't career minded but instead are focused on their foosball and Ping-Pong tables and excuses for why they cant meet deadlines.
Pros: decent compensation, profit sharing, lots of potential to make a difference

Cons: The new college hire program is a bit of a mess. I applied an interviewed for a "Entry Level Software Developer" roll and got stuck doing IT operations. The interview and several conversations with my hiring manager seemed to obfuscate the fact that I was not being placed on a development team until my first day on the job. While GM does offer free resources for self learning, I fear skill drain in this current position. Many other new college hires I have spoken with also feel they were "bait and switched". People that actually landed development roles form this opening seem to be an exception rather than the rule, which makes this whole situation seem intentional. This is a bit of a slap in the face to people with CS and CE degrees that hoped to apply the skills they just learned in school, but instead get stuck doing sys admin work that anyone with a solid tech background could be trained to do.
Advice: GM appears to be investing heavily in early-career talent. I was hired in as part of this their new college hire program, an initiative that saw the influx of several hundred other early career hires at the same time as me. I applied for a role titled "Entry Level Software Developer" and was interviewed for the roll as if it were a development position. When I was given my job offer, I was told I was in GM IT, but my roll was still "Entry Level Software Developer". I was a bit confused by this, so I asked my soon-to-be boss what the job entailed and received a very vague answer, but was still under the impression I would be doing software work. So my first day rolls around, and It becomes apparent I am on a DevOps team. While this is fine with me for the time being, as a new hire I am sure to be the one taking up a lot of the operations side of the job. I feel like I have been duped. My job definitely isnt as a software dev, and with a Computer Engineering degree, I feel like I wasted years and time on a degree that is completely unnecessary for this job. While I am grateful to have a decent paying job right out of college in the current global climate,  I feel I am being under utilized, and I feel like I was lied to.
Pros: Extensive training for new college hires through their Career Start Academy
Decent starting pay for entry level, with a great 10% (target / variable) end of year bonus and a solid 401k match.
New college hire program seems to offer a faster than average pay increase year over year with a grade increase at the end of the program, incentivizing new hires to stay on board.

Cons: I feel that GM doesn't focus on the right things. When Toyota released the Prius, GM laughed. Now they are breaking their necks to build more gas friendly vehicles.
Advice: keep your people involved, engaged, and informed
Pros: The best reason to work for GM is without a doubt the money. I'm working on my second year and I am making more than alot of the people I know that have been working outside of GM longer than me. Other than the money I just happen to work with a great group of people in my location. Its a family type of atmosphere which makes it easy to come to work. Plus GM is so big that promotion and lateral moves can happen fairly quickly.

Cons: Very unstructured, everyone here is new so there really aren't many people to go to for help with BASIC things. I'm fresh out of college I want to be surrounded by people that can help me grown not a ton of other college hires. Too many people here lost and confused. If they offer you a job after one interview be cautious.
Advice: Slow down. The waves of people being hired are too large, and the increments are too close together. This results in a ton of lost and confused people.
Pros: Great pay, work hours seem to be flexible. Okay benefits, everyone has access to company cars. Reallocation package is nice.

Cons: It's very difficult to advance in GM unless you have been "Chosen."  The mindset of a lot of the workers is antiquated.  The good ol boy network is alive and well.  Women do not advance as quickly or as often as the men.
Advice: Develop 21st Century thinking about promotions and opportunities within the company.  Give all employees the option to rotate through jobs if they desire to do so, not just a select few.  Be open to new ideas and new ways to do business.  Stay relevant.
Pros: I met a lot of great people that are still friends to this day.  The salary and benefits were outstanding.  You gain a lot of good experience that will help you when looking for other employment.

Cons: Base salary is at the bottom of the barrel for the new college hire program, but you do get raises every 6 months for the first three years, and there is a yearly bonus as well to consider. Sometimes I can't get my job done in a timely fashion because I have 10 things I need to get done but I'm not allowed to do them myself, and I have to wait for a specific tools team to do them for me, and these teams tend to be swamped with work all the time. It can be pretty frustrating at times. The health insurance is a double edged sword. If you don't need to use it, the low monthly cost is great. If you have a medical condition though, you are stuck paying completely out of pocket until you hit the deductible, which is pretty high.
Advice: Try to help your employees down the chain by simplifying some of the processes and making sure any changes are documented and announced. Sometimes you find a resource for how to get what you need, then you try it out and it gets rejected and someone informs you they have a totally new system in place, but you didn't even know it existed before and now you have to start all over at square one with a new process.
Pros: For anyone coming right out of college and going into the job market with no practical experience, I highly recommend working with GM. It may take you a few months after starting to get into your rhythm or you may be able to jump right in, depending on how well established the team you are joining is. This is a great place to work toward being a full stack developer. I've been exposed to so many new technologies and processes since I started. 

All the direct managers, and even their managers that I've interacted with have been really great. I've also gotten lots of advice on how to grow my career with GM. The vacation time is crazy good, and you have unlimited sick days (assuming of course that you are a responsible adult and don't abuse that policy). 

Working from home/telecommuting is discouraged, and I think this is a pro. Of course, if you are sick, you have a sick kid, or car trouble, something like that then it's fine. I like this because it encourages people to be in the building so you can talk to who you need to and get help in person if needed.

Cons: Long time to onboard from start date. It may be too long for someone who wants to hit the ground running immediately, but beneficial for someone who would prefer a slower, smooth transition. Once trained and placed on a team, opportunities for growth and responsibilities are at hand.
Advice: Organization is purely vertical and could benefit from horizontal management within domains. It could improve the communication and knowledge of the domain as a whole, where currently people are heads down on their own functions.
Pros: Great benefits. Cheap heath insurance, 4% match and 4% automatic contribution to 401K. Total 8% from employer towards 401K. Even if you don't contribute, GM contributes 4%. Pretty unheard of at large, established companies. Structured training for college hires. Great work-life balance and flexibility.

Cons: - Experienced professionals are beginning to retire
- Promotions can be slow within hardware
- Middle management can sometimes be inexperienced based on program, but show signs of improvement
Advice: In regards to new and inexperienced people in respect to their position, please do not put them on advanced programs that are just starting. If you do, please provide experienced people as well to compliment the team. It will look bad on the team as well as the people who are new and cause performance reviews to not account for that.
Pros: - Great design experience
- Fast learning curve for the breadth of knowledge that is a transmission
- Advanced development opportunities
- Great coworkers and teams
- High community service involvement
- Pretty good health benefits and vacation package

Cons: Unethical management from the bosses to HR except if you are an ex Dell employee. Would not recommend a young professional to start his/her career here as it lacks direction in every thing including the traning, no room for growth especially if u have a masters degree, bad management in everything including IT projects undertaking. Choose wisely, do not be swaed with the 6 months salary review, is a lie and promised training is a joke especially if management does not want you to follow standards
Advice: Please pay close attention to the innovation center in Austin it is a place that has a lot of politics and unethical behavior openly displayed which will inhibit talent growth among young professionals
Pros: Good benefits like any other big corporations, 2 weeks holiday in december, and hours of no work and getting paid. Way to go GM!!

Cons: A lot of military commrodary which can lead to favoritism and promotions of green employees those who may not be as qualified as others. That's the "good ol boys" mentality within middle/upper middle management that needs to stop, as it pushes good employees away.
Advice: When selection candidates for positions that require a certain amount of engine mechanical knowledge, i.e., product engineers, we should be selection individuals who have some basic knowledge of engine systems. Possible pre-employment screenings or questionnaires during the interview process.
Pros: Fun, exciting, company that is headed in the right direction. They compensate well for those who invested in their education. Wonderful tuition programs for returning to school to further your education.

Cons: If you don't find the right job for you, you'll more than likely experience what I have. The job moves too slow for you and is not challenging enough. The company is so large, it is like trying to steer the Titanic when things need to change or new projects and work come along.
Advice: The biggest piece of advice I'd give to management is for them to really listen to their employees and work on implementing change faster. Also be more open and transparent with your employees.
Pros: The pay is very good and the people you work with are enjoyable as well. If you can find the right job, there are some really interesting engineering projects and opportunities...

Cons: GM really does not have cons to list.  15 years ago this list would have been easy to populate.  Continued removal of silos and bureaucracy have been the biggest opportunities for GM, and in my experience, has slowly been able to correct the company culture.
Advice: As mentioned above, keep doing what you are doing.  Relentless customer focus, employee empowerment, and continuous improvement in company culture.
Pros: GM is walking the talk when in comes to employee empowerment, accountability, and flexibility.  GM truly has taken being a 'Workplace of Choice' to heart, and it definitely shows the multitude of programs and benefits available to current employees.  Products are some of the best and continue to improve.

Cons: - GM has a culture of mediocrity that seeps through in everything it does.  I've met a few sharp colleagues here;  but I've met just as many who are barely capable of using a computer, much-less performing their job.
- The people in tech leadership positions often tend to be more incompetent than the grunts, and this can lead to drama and politics.
- The business is Waterfall, and the Agile practices followed by developers are purely ceremonial.
- No amount of extra effort will ever get you recognized -- if anything, it will get you in trouble.  It doesn't matter that you've worked far more hours and far more efficiently than many of your coworkers;  you look the same to the company as the guy who works 6 hours a day, overestimates his tasks, and lies on his timesheets.
- Overperforming makes you a threat, and *will* be met with retribution.  Do not depend on the "no-retaliation" policy.
- If you don't lie on metrics, you will be crushed by those that do.
- Outdated tech stack.
- Incompetent, infuriating UX teams.
- Incompetent, infuriating business.
- Incompetent facilities.
- Incompetent, political management.
- Uncompetitive base pay.
- Teams are completely, irrevocably siloed.
- Awareline is a joke.
- Incompetent leaders are transferred instead of fired.
- If you're a senior developer, you'll probably be the first to go when there's a layoff.
- Things happen at a glacial pace.  This is just the nature of a large company like GM.
- The company is all talk and no action.
Advice: Nothing I say will ever make a difference.

(GM is a massive bureaucracy several times the size of several countries' entire populations.  This is a job you take if you want to be a faceless drone working for the Man, writing mediocre code in outdated technologies that's *just* good-enough to not attract attention.)
(It's also a job you take if you're fresh out of college and want to get some experience in the real world.)
(It's not a job you take if you want to be challenged, or if you do your best at everything you do.)
Pros: - Great benefits
- Often fairly relaxed
- Most coworkers are fairly nice
- Looks great on your resume

Cons: Resources are extremely scarce and insufficient to support the huge projects that GM is attempting to complete. Many departments (mine included) are expected to execute large IT changes working with a skeleton crew (I had ONE analyst) without a PO with internal IT. This is a fault of management and budgeting and is not a reflection on GMIT. I have always found GMIT to be extremely helpful.
Advice: Do not commit to impossible deliverables, especially if you have not budgeted dedicated IT support.
Pros: GM is heavily invested in growing their employees through training, job rotation opportunities, free courses, and tuition/online course reimbursement. They are also fully dedicated to innovation - particularly with green technologies - and encourage employees at all levels to submit suggestions toward that end.

Cons: too many layers and old General Managers and above trying to protect turf and keep fat in organization. dull HR.
some old guard while necessary will stop GM from being innovative.
Advice: now that you have a clean sheet from Chapter 11, question every major initiative of Executive Director and above that sounds self promoting or process creating. Hire from colleges creatively and when hiring from outside, be opportunistic. Their timing and your timing may not match. Retain good people by giving them important assignments.
Pros: smart analyst. best in class finance and engineering staff and facilities.
great brand name. now have a clean sheet and lot of baggage shed
smart engineers.
finance whiz have been humbled.
many retiring in next 5-10 years.

Cons: The factory is three shifts, so you do not know what shift you might have to work. The culture is a manufacturing culture, so some of the people are a little abrasive.  There are many times when you have to work Saturdays to make production, or do maintenance repairs.
Advice: Do not have employees move from department to department to get a broad experience. Having a focused skill set and experience creates quality work, efficiency, and people you can count on.
Pros: General Motors treated you very fairly. They were open to you moving around to try other opportunities. They were very considerate of your life situations. Management Listens. They want what's best for the customer and they know that starts with the employee being happy.

Cons: ZERO transparency during layoffs (I was one of victims). Looks like it has destroyed the morale of the group. 
Needs improvement on transitioning skillsets and knowledge to the next workers etc
Advice: Respect employees than view them as assets. You guys arent bean counters
Pros: I was test engineer and certified driver at MPG. I LOVED my job, got along with co-workers. Gained many new skills. Saw many cool prototypes on daily basis. I was able to make company wide impacts during my time there.
Great benefits, flex time (was able to work remotely during my surgery recovery). LOTS of PTO. I had 2 wonderful managers who gave great guidance for my success during my time there and as result always achieved my CAP goals.

Cons: Innovation stops at the names of the innovation centers. Mostly maintain old software and antique processes. 
Clueless management mostly doing lip service
Quality of new hires is questionable
High levels of nepotism
No development and growth
No training

If you are any where close to "ambitious", do not touch this company with 10 foot pole. This company is for people who just likes to collect paycheck and not care about anything else.
Advice: Most of the employees do not trust that management will listen and takes action on anything. Position yourself to be able to seek advice/feedback but I highly doubt they will do it.
Pros: Competitive salary. Good 401(k) match

Cons: Too much emphasis is placed on diversity which has caused some demotions and putting certain people on pedestals who should not be there.  GM wants xx% of its managers to be women by 20yy which is great, but it will come at the expense of a lot of existing staff members
Advice: Focus on making the best vehicles on the road.  Dont try to capitalize on equal opportunities for women as the press does already notice these things
Pros: I like the fact that diversity is embraced and there are equal opportunities for women here.  Austin is a great facility, a newly converted warehouse with a lot of nice breakout areas

Cons: If there ever were a company that needed to listen to it's employees, GM is a prime candidate.  You are also a number within GM.  You can be told one minute that you are a management potential candidate and let go the next minute based on nothing more than your seniority.
Advice: My advise to the management of General Motors is take the tough task of restructuring head on.  Don't do things the easy way, but the right way.
Pros: GM is a company that has many things going for it right now.  Solid product line-up coming out and recently reduced debt load via bankruptcy will help GM to be a viable company in the near term.

Cons: Depending on what area you work in the work load can vary making your role either real busy or running at a snail pace.  Still appears IT is setup to run like it's outsourced inside of being in- house.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits.  Start off with 3 weeks of vacation.  Have an option in health benefits to take an annual physical and get up to $1,500.00 put in your Healthcare Spending Account.  A chance to earn an annual bonus. Company has a lot of holidays including an end of year shutdown period that allows you to be off from usually the day before Christmas Eve until after New Years Day.

Cons: Not a lot of institutional knowledge was documented. Due to years of perform supplier dependencies. Processes and doctrine has consistently changed.
Advice: Globalize more processes. Focus on creating technology and process Centers of Excellence. Create a standard knowledge management repository.
Pros: Has all of the different types of IT jobs under one roof. What may take several different companies to obtain the various IT skills and experiences throughout the industry can be done right in house.

Cons: All the usual hassles of working at a huge company: endless meetings, tedious reviews and approvals necessary to get anything done.
Advice: Invest more in fun and social workplace activities. A little bit of team bonding goes a long way.
Pros: The people in senior leadership positions are genuinely good human beings. It's clear that GM does a great job of developing and promoting promising leaders who will create a great company culture.

Salaries, bonuses, and vacation policies are very generous and there are plenty of opportunities for career development.

The company is extremely supportive of women in tech and the percentage of female leaders at every level is higher than any tech company I've ever worked at; lots of fantastic mentors and role models.

Cons: It's all about making your boss look good
No one cares about your well-being, so look after yourself
Administrative work take up so much time
Micro-management
Chaotic Politics
Advice: GM IT has some good, mostly selfish project managers that are real short-sighted and do not know a slight bit about technology. IT is seen as a cost-center, money waster. Development and retential for sharp individuals is very limited. Stop thinking about how to make yourselves look good. If you care to develop your team, encourage them and focus on their well-being and sustainability for once, you will look good. Stop chasing the numbers. Trust your employees, do not micro-manage.
Pros: Great benefits
Freedom to work from home

Cons: Senior management does not get the point. During the most recent downsizing efforts, many employees were unfairly targeted due to flawed criteria (see: seniority). How do you make a "new" GM while terminating those employees with a fresh perspective, and keeping the ones that helped to make the severely flawed "old" GM?
Advice: Management needs to make more effective and courageous decisions on who will lead GM into the next phase of its life. Continuing with what hasn't worked in the past, is not gonna work in the future.
Pros: The people at General Motors are very friendly, and for the most part there is considerable room for professional growth. The company has instant name recognition and up until recently has been a leader in it's segment.

Cons: cryptic.  slow moving.  anachronistic.  I've never seen anybody get fired for being incompetent.  Lots of bright people, but organization lacks discipline.
Advice: After bankruptcy,  the middle management structure hasn't changed culturally.  They still believe it wasn't their fault and still largely operate the way they always have.  The few at the very top get it.  Those in the middle appear to those of us at the bottom not to.  It's a bit unsettling.
Pros: Interesting field.  Stable work.  Good people.  Relatively fair environment.  I've never seen anybody get fired for being incompetent.  Which, if you are hard working and good at your job can be frustrating.

Cons: In Global Purchasing and Supply Chain, there are constantly hot issues.  While there are many timelines and processes in place, hot items always crop up and take precedence, which in turn pushes everything else back - which then turns hot too. Also working with archaic systems that do not talk to each other, making analysis difficult
Advice: Senior management have great ideas, but have a hard time funneling it down to the working level.  For example, they send the message to have good relationships with suppliers, however the working level gets penalized if they can't squeeze every penny out of the supplier.
Pros: Great pay, good benefits, helpful coworkers. There is mobility between roles, however it is very competitive to get promoted.

Cons: the kitchen  or cafeteria as u would call it. could have had better food and snack and drink selection. plus the service
Advice: my name is jeremy whalen, i am a very hard working reliable individual. i am always on time never miss. im very hands quick learner. wanting to be valuable to a company i can move up and make a long term career for to take care of my son my heart.
Pros: Fast pace what i liked, they had very good equipment that run effecient and correctly. they kept it peaceful. had good team leads and supervisor. if you had a issue it was fixed correctly and fast, so production running.

Cons: Still very hierarchic in the middle and upper management. Play by the book and very conservative in jumping over the fence to explore new ways to design. That mindset was changing when I left, but results to see yet. Behaving politically correct , but not always with the right common sense.
Advice: Apply the principle of integrity itself at all levels. The quality of execution is normally correlated with the level of motivation in the workforce and true color values pragmatic exposed speak more than a thousand words.
Pros: One of the best work environments I have ever worked as the team building dynamic was really good most of the time I was in. Young &amp; senior generations of engineers merged and collided together, resulting in design of great products.

Cons: With so much uncertainty among the automotive world, it is difficult to see a future, even a near future.  I believe everyone wants to see GM make a strong comeback, but the morale isn't always there.  When your neighbor is being laid off it is difficult.  The only hope is one day they will bring the jobs back.
Advice: Be honest and truthful with your employees and keeping a positive outlook will keep your employees spirits up as well.
Pros: Lets face it, GM is on the LONG road to recovery, but the exciting thing is the desire to change.  Even though it is a large company, it is broken into small teams which make it feel like a smaller entity.

Cons: Dealing with union disputes and other political issues.  Slow to adapt to change.  Hourly employees have better health care benefits and continue to get raises while management often goes two years without raises.  The two sided environment can create a great deal of animosity.
Advice: Keep up the good work right sizing the company but don't forget about your employees and continuning to help promote their careers.  I've seen a great deal of talented young employees leave over the past years and senior management must invest in the future of the company.
Pros: Paid overtime when supervising hourly employees.  Great tuition assistance for sponsored programs.  Generous vacation and paid holidays.

Work day is fast paced and there is a great deal to learn.

Cons: Fast paced environment that leaves you skipping breaks, working overtime and being constantly pressured to increase capacity with little to no extra resources. Injuries and accidents occur on a semi regular basis, though normally they are minor. Factories tend to be older, dirty and hot unless they have been rehabbed lately.
Advice: Plan changes better and consult the people who actually will use the updates. I've installed and torn out so much equipment on overtime because someone thought something was a good idea without asking. Stop asking employees to walk everywhere when time matters. Stop buying machines that are under rated for the job.
Pros: The pay is generally above average and they can be generous with their benefit package. Management is willing to listen to employee input and rewards positive improvements.

Cons: At this point the red tape is out of control. Whole teams exists for quality assurance, and no I am not talking about testers. I am talking about people who don't code or know how to code, reviewing your changes with a checklist and creating more and more hoops to jump through to do your job. Do you want a database refresh? Ok fill out this Sharepoint excel request, then copy all the data from that excel file into a special format Excel. Take the special format excel and copy its structure into an email and reference the line number. Email that to the DBA (not-even-kidding). The company has built such a wall around deploying stuff it consumes 50+% of your development cycle.

The company was hesitant to deal with low performers for years and now they are paying the price.  Generous benefits and an environment where free-riding was pretty easy has resulted in lower than expected attrition.

Now that auto sales are declining and we are entering into a crunch cycle, HR and management is trying to clean house. Under performers are being put on performance improvement plans (a nice way of saying 'go away') and those who don't leave once on these plans are typically fired within 6 months. Hiring, except for college hires, has been curtailed. 

Unfortunately the above does not bode well. Already many teams are overworked carrying the burden of the non-workers. Now that many under performers are being sent packing, their partial workload falls on the rest of the team. This is causing the already overworked high performers who are fed up with the red tape to leave. What is left is mediocrity at this point.
Advice: After this round of firing please keep the house clean. If you let under performers (driftwood) build up over time and address it all at once it is more detrimental than addressing the problem annually.

Do something about the red tape. Protecting the company's production environment is great, but if you can maneuver a regular change, it becomes impossible to fix honest mistakes or bugs. You can't have innovation if you can't make changes.
Pros: Generous benefits (401k, holidays, PTO)
Depending upon your boss you might have the option of flex schedule

For college hires the raises every 6 months and final promotion after 3 years leaves you close enough to market rate salary wise.

The company bonus in previous years was overly generous. Now that sales are declining people have become used to unrealistic &gt; 100% multipliers.

I started as a college hire in 2013 and stayed with the company for over 5 years working in different capacities. If you want to move around and try different roles that is possible now (was not so easy when I started).

Cons: However, the pressue of deadlines, meeting objectives (cost, timing, production, sales) can be very stressful for some.  The hours are long and there can be alot of travel if you are managing a global program.
Advice: As GM downsizes to a smaller and faster company it must also downsize its processes.  When I left GM, the processes were strangling the creativity and drive of every one there.
Pros: The work has alot of variety and challenge.  There is a real opportunity to impact the final product.  As Program Manager for a vehicle you have the opportunity to work with all the functions, sales and marketing, design, engineering, quality, purchasing, manufacturing, etc.  As well, it is very rewarding to see your finish product on the road.

Cons: The company's hands are tied on promotions, raises, bonuses due to federal loans.  In hard times (2008-2009), pay cuts and lack of job security have driven away the top talent, although early retirement programs have cleared some of the dead wood.  Almost all are still at the same pay level as 2007 (for employees many years of service, this isn't too bad).
Advice: GM, like many older companies has 30% of your staff doing 70% of the work.  You need to incentive-ize  the risk for your hi-potential younger employees to stay with the company.
Pros: GM is really trying to turn itself around and understands the importance of change.  Many areas of the company are way understaffed so visibility to management can be pretty good.

Cons: There’s a challenge when you build a car with incredibly hot styling: how do you insure it goes as good as it looks? With a car like the redesigned Chevy Camaro the sport sedan’s fifth generation launched as a 2010 model, it’s a tall order to compliment the hot, high-speed lines with the kind of acceleration, braking and handling the car clearly looks capable of.
Advice: none
Pros: Fifth-generation marks the return of the Camaro after an 8 year absence. This new body style is built on the Zeta RWD platform, produced by General Motors in Australia. Whereas previous Camaros were considered the F-Body type, this is a completely new chassis which is said to be lighter, has all wheel independent suspension, and better weight distribution.

Cons: No loyalty by this company or its senior management. If you work outside of S.E. Michigan (especially overseas) - it can be exciting but will not be rewarded. Living the company values, delivering exceptional performance, being loyal, etc will not overcome the "good old boy/girl" factor. Senior management will pick those that have stayed "well within the lines". Staying too long (longer than 6 to 8 years) will be a negative when looking outside as most of the industry does not think much of the GM culture - especially for executives.
Advice: Not really worthwhile to comment. The new management (post 2009) is arrogant and firmly planted in it's S.E. Michigan towers. The advertised internal candidates for the next CEO practice the same unhealthy behaviors.
Pros: good place to learn about the automotive sector business. Large organization - if you are good and lucky it is possible to see more than one location and multiple functional assignments

Cons: Beware fresh grads-  if you don't negotiate your salary at the time of joining, you will stay in the lower band for many many years to come. They claim that an average employee's salary is at par with the industry but remember that includes old timers who used to get hefty raises back in the glory days. So somebody has to be paid peanuts to be "at par" = new employees who are desperate for work and would bend over backwards just to get in

Employee discount is a joke!
Advice: We understand that the HR's job is bring in the best talent for the lowest cost to the company but once the "talent" has been acquired you guys need to stop treating them like dirt
Pros: Big company charm, recognition

Cons: Absolute wors is that ideas and problem solving solutions are only 25% of the battle. Management demands, competiting priorities and a culture that prefers to Challenge rather than Understand will make it very tough to build positive support for change.
Advice: Seek to understand the problems and waste that exists rather than downplaying or challenging those who are trying to help correct deficiencies of the systems, processes, etc.
Pros: I found the culture flexible in terms of work-life balance but found the balance of management expectations vs. resources/control available for making good on the expectations to be a recipe for misunderstanding. What's great is that I was empowered to lead change and many opportunities to exercise creativity for problem solving.

Cons: - Too many broken processes that don't fit an organization trying to re-invent itself
- Too much politics between teams
- Leadership keeps driving toward a plan from 3 years ago that won't work and pressuring teams to deliver quickly... the result:  sub-standard systems that require lots or re-work and are hard to support and maintain.
- Too many demands on a small team, operations team is not taking over delivered releases, can't run multiple new development projects while also needing to do production support for previous releases
- Too many team members that aren't the right fit for the job
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong benefits package
- Flexible work schedule - but lots of overtime

Cons: Some departments such as fuel cell in Pontiac has very poor work/life balance, constantly working 55+ hours, sometimes over 60, no overtime pay, no flex time off. Very demanding program schedule and management.  Many days a week working starting 6 am and finish last meetings at 11 pm. Feel physically and mentally burnt out. Causing a lot of problems to employees and their families. No use talking/complaining to the manager, he/she is part of it, suffering as well.
Advice: Need to make it fair to employee. Either pay overtime or hair more people. Working on new technology is interesting, but not interesting enough to work many extra hours for free. This is not fair and not sustainable.  If this is the way it is, then at least tell people that during interview.
Pros: Company has great future as a whole. Proud to be part of it. Huge investment in new technologies.

Cons: - No choice as to what you do in the company when you start. (Randomly placed)
- Lower than average starting salary.
- Lots of 'red tape'. Takes hours to do many things that would normally take minutes due to bureaucracy.
- GM's 'employee discount' is often worse than the offers that dealerships give, and they don't stack.
Advice: Talk to your team about how your project aids in accomplishing the company's current global initiatives.  It's important to know why what you do matters to the company, and that is often lost on us.
Pros: + Amazing benefits package
+ ~10% yearly bonus starting out
+ ~4.4% raise every 6 months for the first 3 years if you're fresh out of college.

Cons: Before, I get into the cons, lets remind ourselves of the obvious... GM has over 200,000 employees at 390 facilities globally. Now lets begin
- I am pretty sure GM invented and maintains the definition of corporate culture. You are going to have lots of emails and lots of meetings. You have to be a people person. Get used to working with a variety of personalities. 
- If you are the type of person that "assumes" work is getting done, it is not. You need to be vigilant at GM and remind co-workers of their duties. 
- GM seems old. Physically, there are a lot near retired employees. Young people are starting to show up. 
- GM is like a large university. There is no hand holding. Once you show up, you have to figure out everything yourself. Teach yourself engineering principles, corporate structure, etc. 
- It is a very 7:30 - 4:30 job. Expect to work those hours... By 6:00pm the place is a ghost town. 
- Again, GM is big. You are the employee whom work hard and does everything that their management ask for... you are not going to get promoted. Everyone does that. You need to stand out, write patents, change positions that have exposure. You need to be strategic. No one ever gets promoted in a linear fashion. 
- Health benefits needs to be improved. Deductible is way too high.
Advice: None
Pros: - GM is doing very well as a corporation. After bankruptcy, a lot of "fat" is out of the company.  All that is left are employees willing to design, build, and sell the worlds best vehicle. 
- Everyone is passionate about GM products. Very few drive non-GM vehicles.
- Great perks. If you work engineering, then most likely you be driving NextGen vehicles to home and work. 401k perks. Health perks. Vacation Perks (up to 30 days if you work there long enough).. etc..
- Auto industry is moving at an insane pace. Very exciting time to be in the industry (NextGen infotainment, hybrid and electric, Passive safety systems, etc.). Plus, cars are cool! People hang posters of cars. You probably have some sort of personal connection to your car (love it or hate it kind or relationship). Your friends most likely care more about the auto industry rather than the cell phone or server industry. 
- Your work is important. Any changes you make to a vehicle are seen by 10 million customers a year. 
- Challenging work. The car is easily the most complex thing you own (100's of sensors, multiple computers, variety of serial comm, extreme heat and shock exposure, engine controls, crash proof, radar, etc.)
- GM just started a 5 year glide path to management (higher education (MS and MBA), exposure to multiple engineering arenas, engineering roles (programmer, program manager, release engineer, etc.)
- Overall, very an excellent place to go to work.

Cons: worst part was the repetitive work.
Advice: keep on doing what you are doing, you're not bad at all stop being hard butts sometimes and be more friendly and be more firm with rules with quality issues.
Pros: the best part was the pay. hard to get fired all you have to do is fallow really basic rules, and come in on time, go on breaks and return when scheduled (this has leeway). do your job to the ability of an average 40 year old could make due with. about an hour worth of breaks each day, they are split apart.

Cons: It's a very political environment and often feels too corporate, but the pay, benefits, and stability make it worth it as a young designer. Maybe as I work my way through my career here, I'll find that upward mobility is a struggle, but for now I am satisfied.
Advice: Pay attention to biases on employees... I've seen too often when nephews, sons, and close family friends of management get hired and then proceed to also get all of the recognition and upward mobility.
Pros: So many talented co-workers, it's hard to not be inspired here to do better. Great beautiful campus, great benefits.

Cons: If you work downtown it can be a bit of a commute during the winter if you choose to live in the suburbs. There is now great housing in Detroit that was not available when I worked at the Rencen.
Advice: Keep your heart and keep her alive and strong. Blessings for the best results.
Pros: My end date was actually 2009. However, I know who is there since  much of the IT team who were contract are now permanent. Exceptional people! Great environment, demanding in a good way. A learning organization with great Leadership. You have the ability to provide input, simplify complex, work in a dynamic team Crossmatrixed and cross-fuctional.  You see results of your contribution.

Cons: Some managers are stuck in the 1950s where they focus on dress code, number of hours worked and do not offer much flexibility. But there is a great variation within GM when it comes to this. There are managers who foster a culture of trust and appreciation. This is very motivating and helps employees perform better.
Advice: Provide more transparency and steer away from knee jerk reactions. Also, put some guidance in place for managers with respect to company policies. If GM is looking to become a modern age company, it does not help that some managers are unwilling to adapt.
Pros: The culture can be great including  exciting job, professional growth, and great work life balance.

Cons: Company can't execute on it's vision of the future because it has too many hold-outs and leadership cannot inspire the younger workforce. Underpays their IT talent.
Advice: Accept the fact that the way things have been done for 50 years is wrong and if something is going to take 6 months to do then that means you're going to be 1 year behind everyone else. If you want to change with the times you have to actually keep up with them.
Pros: Great benefits package, flexible work assignments, and lots of different areas to work in due to the company's size.

Cons: 1) reduction in benefits (e.g., health care)
2) lack of succession planning / younger workforce development (the employee has to take the lead on his/her own career)
Advice: Current workforce has a greater mix of older employees, which will eventually be an issue for GM once they elect to retire. Leadership should improve succession planning by developing younger employees and incentivize them to stay with the company. In my years with the company, most of the younger motivated employees tend to leave.
Pros: 1) ability to work with and contribute to current and future product line-up
2) international work experience & opportunities
3) competitive pay
4) good vacation / holdiays

Cons: Advancement opportunity depends upon relationship with manager, not necessarily effort/results.
Very stiff management (genuflect)
No open door policy (even though management says it has one)
No consistency between managers (what is good for one manager is not good for another).  Perhaps this is common between all companies?
Stealth raises (some/few get, most do not, on non-merit years)
High degree of responsibility - Low degree of control
Raises depend upon - relationship with manager as well as where one sits relative to average market value (which the employee is generally below).  There is no incentive to work hard, because effort is often ignored based upon previous points)
Advice: Reward those who do good work.

Manage with motivation - not fear.
Pros: Vacation
Paid Holidays
Fellow Engineers (working level)
Stability

Cons: I really don't have any, they treat me with respect, and pay decently. My only complaint is the number of bosses I've passed through in my employment. Not anyone's fault though
Advice: Try to teach the business how agile works. They seem to not understand it and make ridiculous requirements that we always have to fight against.
Pros: I came on as a college hire. They have been very good about getting me trained. On initial employment, they put me in bootcamp for a month. It ranged from the dev environment, to actual Java training. Unfortunately I migrated to a C# team a month after training. They gave me more training for that though so I wasn't too stressed

Cons: Executive management is only concerned with return to shareholders and Wall Street's perception of the company.  It's obvious...
Work from home policies are still in the dark ages.
Advice: Loyalty, integrity and commitment are all important human qualities that company leaders should also possess and nurture.
Pros: Pay, benefits, working conditions were all good to excellent.  Most people appreciate this and do their best to make GM a good work environment.  At an individual and small team level I believe people care and take pride in their work and are committed to the greater company.
Lots of opportunities for training.
Maybe one of the best big companies to work for, for women.

Cons: All upper management is in Austin so it is difficult to get noticed as most promotions would happen in Austin. Managers and Directors would rarely visit the Chandler office.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome co-workers and loved the location. The projects were fairly interesting for a while and tended to learn most everything you need to succeed in the first couple years then it was difficult to progress.

I found it a very great office for work life balance. You are encouraged to take time off when you need it. Plenty of holidays and vacation. Low expectation of long hours. In the first couple years we had some tough deadlines but as we managed expectations that almost never happened.

Cons: GM is not a "tech" company so if you expect an experience like at Facebook or Amazon, you will be dissapointed. Alot of the IT and software solutions are legacy, but they are currently making a big push towards adopting new technologies and are really trying to redefine themselves in the tech space. So in that perspective, an interesting time to be joining the company since there is alot of new opportunities.
Advice: Please improve the onboarding process and make it more streamlined.
Pros: Great place to start your software development career as a new grad. Good benefits, time off, and holidays. You really get alot of experience learning how things work in such a huge company.

Cons: Advancement opportunities are few and far between, senior management is very slow to react to customer needs vs. being proactive and anticipating what customers will want in the future based on trends.
Advice: Quality is king, but so is styling.  There are MANY ex-GM customers who were screwed over by quality problems and will never return.  Please concentrate on not making this group of people larger.  This is the major reason people buy foreign, and why GM is in trouble!
Pros: Collaboration and teamwork, interesting work, a sense of family even though it is a large company

Cons: Everything right now.  It is looking like they are heading towards bankruptcy.  There are massive cuts coming in the salary ranks.  Those that are left  will be taking pay cuts.  Our benefits have been getting cut the last several years.  We have only had one pay raise in the last five.  It is not a fun place to work right now.  Advancement has always been pretty poor, unless you were related to someone or knew someone higher up.
Advice: Look at the long term view of the company.  In all my years with the company, everything was always looked at in the short term.
Pros: I can't think of too many right now, due to their dire financial situation.  About ten years ago it was a decent place to work.  Competitve pay, good benefits, profit sharing, lots of vacation and holidays.

Cons: Have to live with critics all around in press and public due to the 80's and recent bailout.
Advice: Work on career paths and doing more to reduce silos (still many departments that should be combined.
Pros: Making exciting products if you are into cars...taking home a Corvette or a CTS-V or the latest plug in Spark or Volt is much more exciting for me than my friend's perks n Silicon Valley who get to take home the latest software on their laptop.  Very good pay for the area's cost of living. Good vacation plan. Good schools.  Overall good for families.

Cons: Too much overtime and too many members of management.  Upper mgmt. spends most of their time creating paperwork for supervisors to do.  They enjoy creating more work for supervisors to justify their positions.  Now they fire regular supervisors to replace them with contract ones at half the cost.  You are caught between the hourly and upper management.
Advice: Say thanks once in a while to the people who make the business run.  Stop promoting those who shouldn't be just because they can't do their current job.  Hard to supervise the operation if you're going blind on paperwork!
Pros: The pay and the benefits.

Cons: Unfortunately, many of the pro's listed are also cons in their own way.

Because the working environment is often very young, you're left with many inexperienced, college level employees, and the rest tend to be older managers far removed from the work they oversee. There seems to be a large gap in the middle, somewhere to turn to for advice or guidance with the everyday work.

Recently the work/life balance has started to trend downwards. When I first started the idea was "Work as much as needed to get your work done." In IT, this works well. When we were busy, we would work as much as needed to complete the task, and then when things slowed down we might have only had to work 5 or 6 hours a day. Additionally, working from home was accepted. Over the past 6 months or so there has been a very strong push to ensure everyone is in the office 8-9 hours a day, regardless of workload. This can lead to sitting around on your hands or not getting your work done in a timely manner because everyone clocks out at 5 PM.

Compensation in some areas is well below par for new hires. The salary for my field is roughly 25% lower than at a less successful company 2 miles down the road. GM tries to push the "benefits package" to avert your attention from this in the form of bonuses, but those are entirely company dependent and can easily fail to supplement the lack of a competitive salary. It seems they continue to attempt to lower this bonus each year as well.

Credit is generally granted to the manager overseeing the work you did entirely on your own. General Motors is a very old company that tends to treat its executives significantly better than its underlings. Successes on projects and endeavours are usually seen as managerial successes and come with bonuses to the manager rather than rewarding the employee. There are plenty of internal programs set up to remedy this, none of which are utilized.

Moving up in the company can take an eternity. When a position you seek opens up on your team, it's advisable to talk to your manager (or whoever is responsible) immediately about this opening you seek, but don't expect any resolution for possible years to come.
Advice: Treat your non-executives, the ones saving General Motors from your old business habits, better.
Pros: The people at General Motors are generally great to work with. There's a strong push to hire lots of college graduates, which can make the environment fun and filled with new ideas.

The work/life balance is generally OK at General Motors. I don't find myself having to work too excessively most of the time, but it could be better.

Some of the compensation are good. Vacation is lengthy even for those fresh out of school, 401k matching is excellent, and healthcare is about on par with other companies. Additionally, GM employees get discounts on new GM products.

Great place to work if you are well established or at the end of your career.

Cons: Organization structure, processes, and culture and heading in the wrong direction -- away from collaboration, teamwork, iterative development, continuous delivery, etc.
Advice: Create collaborative, empowered cross-functional teams; encourage pairing; get rid of big upfront planning, big upfront requirements documents, big upfront architecture, big upfront design (planning, requirements, architecture, and design are all very good, but need to be done iteratively to allow things to be learned and changed); deliver much more often; go all-in with BDD to let scenarios drive working software, instead of all the intermediate non-deliverable work products.
Pros: Good benefits, especially vacation/holiday. Often good people to work with.  Can find some interesting projects to work on.  Can learn and gain some good experience.

Cons: Still have some many old GM employees with old mindsets. You can't expect to deliver great results with same approach. What worked before may not work now.

Too many inefficiencies and need more improvements on efficient data management.
Advice: Need to fix the inefficiencies and provide the better tools for employees to succeed. Look how many applications and software are in place today. What are their main purposes and how can they be integrated?

Further reduce overhead and employees who are unlikely to improve. 6 months to one year turnover time is too long. 

Be more transparent with employees' performance on regular basis for them to improve quicker.
Pros: Mary is doing a fantastic job! Some great and talented people! And phenomenal products!

Cons: The company is too big for its own good, typically you need to work with multiple teams and miles of red tape to get things done.  The work feels meaningless as you typically wont receive proper training to where you truly understand what the applications you are assigned actually do from a business stand point.  Finally with the light workload comes anxiety to where you don't know when your manager will find out how much you actually do and let you go, and when asking your manager for more work they don't know how to respond.
Advice: You want innovators but don't offer innovators a place in the system
Pros: Great compensation, Easy work, 
Good Benefits

Cons: Lack of empowerment, decisions flow up to multiple committees, Not all leaders are strong and who you work with and for makes a huge difference, Many leaders are fearful to make decisions and are too internally focused to support their team.  Aggressive culture.  You must have lots of political savvy.    Not a transparent company, but that is true of many large corporations.  If you are not happy after 5 years leave - it will not get better for you.
Advice: None
Pros: very competitive benefits and pay - some very talented employees.  If you put in the work, you can learn an incredible amount about the industry.

Cons: No holiday parties, if you want a promotion it's better to leave the company and come back (so dumb!), could have better maternity leave but 8 weeks is still good,  lazy employees rarely get disciplined
Advice: Improve maternity/paternity leave and have a real holiday party that managers don't have to pay for out of pocket. Stop working 80 hours.
Pros: GM has a lot of varying opportunities so you can move around and have totally different jobs if you want. I like my office and my team is wonderful people. I stay challenged and feel like every day brings something new. The vacation  time is really excellent. I got 20 days after 2 years plus 16 holidays.

Cons: Company as a whole is not building leaders, but rather good engineers.  Leadership from high up often makes poor decisions or misinformed decisions.
Advice: Leadership needs to be making decisions based on information from customers and create an overall synergy between goals and the people performing the work to meet them.  Requirements should inspire innovations and improvements and not propose unrealistic goals in some categories, while moving projects in a direction that does align with the goal of that particular technology.  Management needs to take high risk, high reward projects on.
Pros: Manager was helpful and involved.  Everyone around the group was excited about work and interested in projects and new people.

Cons: None, GM is on the right track, but needs to offer Hybrids in their bigger modles, like
the Buick Enclave.
Advice: Keep up the good work, look out for Ford and Toyota, they have a lot of Electrical and hybrid
vehicle, going into production.
Pros: Work on state-of-art equipment and the next generation of technology for automotive use.
I work on the P-2000 hybrid diesel-electric and gas-electric, as well as, the all electric
Focus due out in 2014, it might out sell Chevy volt and Toyota units combine. The Ford Fusion, according to Consumers report and CAR and DRIVER is a better buy, has better performance and fuel economy that the Toyota Prius.

Cons: GM has over 200,000 employees. You have to be willing to work with people otherwise you will get nothing done. In addition, GM has a huge corporate landscape with dozens of tools and processes that one must conquer. GM has made improvements in its orientation training material but expect no golden handbook on how to do your job. You must be independent, willing to ask questions, and ready to learn. 

It will take time for GM to completely change its corporate culture. I reference GM's culture as a pro but there is still a large minority that remain as "old GM." These are the people who look to do the bare minimum to get by. They take little pride in their work and they are thinking their home improvement job rather than their work. GM set subpar employee standards; therefore, these employees will remain.
Advice: 1) Fire the 10 percentile employees at GM. They cause more harm than good. 
2) Management should be trained to be effective leaders in addition to being effective managers. They should have the capacity to inspire others.  
3) There is a joke at GM, 90% of the company is "trackers" and 10% of the company is "doers." This should be flipped.
Pros: What was once a dull and boring company is now one of the most exciting companies to work for. The electronics industry is looking to pack technology into the automobile. From infotainment to powertrain, every aspect of the automobile is making vast leaps. GM recognizes this trend and is applying the necessary resources to support. 

I come to work everyday excited for what is ahead. I work with a skilled labor force that is capable to tackle any problem. And my management is happy to support me and enables me to be ambitious and take risks. 

Everyone in the engineering staff truly feels we can design the best car a customer could ever wish for. The only way GM is going to win customers is by building the best car and making the competition look substandard. Overall, what was once one of the worst companies to work for is now the best.

Cons: - there are employees who do not perform. When they’re in a team environment they’re the weakest link affecting overall project
- you’re easily inside the GM bubble. It’s often hard to take yourself out to see how the real competition is doing.
- there’s a monotonous defined pay structure that does not reward high performers. For instance, HR will say if you’re at GM for X years and currently make Y much, then you can make up to 3-5% more per year on a non-promotional year and 7-10% on a promotional year. It severely hurts you when you start your salary in GM at a low point. It takes YEARS before you get paid your worth. ****GM compensates for years in company rather than how much you actually contribute. This pay model explains how they breed poor performers who are content. This results in a ceiling for high performers which also explains a high turnover rate for those in 3-7 year mark.
- GM recognizes insubordinate rather than loyalty. GM will pay you more if you went to competitor and back versus staying in GM. Hurts GM because they would have to pay more to re-train
Advice: - recognize the poor performers and kick them out. They’re expensive to keep.
- overhaul your archaic pay structure and actually reward your employees for their contributions rather than how many years they’ve been at the company.
- be more competitive in your pay because you will bleed high performers to start ups offering stock options
Pros: - overwhelming support from your executive leaders and directly from Mary herself. 
- There’s a culture here driving for the mission of zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion’s. 
-The values are aligned to do the right thing.
- the people are few of the brightest and most hardworking
- the work is never boring and GM is always looking to be the very best in the competition
- WLB is what you make of it. You can work a lot or you can work and still raise a family.

Cons: Actually working for two bosses.  Getting paid from one and having to pay the other.  Little to no work flexibility (life/work balance).  Lack of willingness to bridge the divide created by years of "contractual negotiations".  Lack of merit based pay, seniority is the only right in job placement.
Advice: Work together and stop fending for the betterment of the individual.  The worst Introductory training program that I have ever experienced (per diem training).  The ideology of "your with us or against us" has got to be deconstructed in order for the company to continue.
Pros: Great benefits and outstanding pay for labor.

Cons: Working weekends, required to rotate shifts, not able to stick to one shift, sometimes just a glorified babysitter, on 2nd and 3rd shift you are at the mercy of sometimes inexperienced senior management that does not make the best decisions (working 12 hours in the middle of a snow storm to try and "make up" for expected poor performance the next day).
Advice: Continue to recognize good leaders and promote those while removing those that are not effective and bring the morale of the employees and company down.
Pros: Great networking, work with good people, amazing pay for the amount of work done, 3 shift operations help limit unwanted overtime

Cons: Big company also means your scope of work is narrower than if you are at a small company.     You can get lost if you don't stand up for yourself.     
Lots of competition among the younger employees for promotions.
Advice: Keep the focus on continuous improvement.   Encourage employees to always be open to learning new ideas and skills.   Everybody matters.
Pros: Big company means lots of opportunites especially for young people.
Also have the opportunity for a global assignment.  
GM has great leadership now.  (Mary Barra, Mark Reuss, Alan Batey, etc.)   
Women have equal opportunity and are paid equally to men.

Cons: I love a fast paces environment so that makes me feel like I've accomplished a lot at the end of the day. Plus there are a lot of great employees there
Advice: Communication is a key and making tour employees free food about the work they are doing. A simple think you are or grade Jon goes a very long way. It makes them fweek good and appreciated and willing to go above and beyond
Pros: Unfortunately there is no communication and no working together as a team. My main reason for for looking elsewhere is because I'm looking for a company to grow and advance and there isn't any ability for me there to do so.

Cons: Management is back stabbing. Favoritism always wins over performance.  Recent lay off was based on stack ranking by managers on favoritism, # of years with GM (&lt;3 to be removed), while employers were told management has no clue on what's happening. Very disappointing!!!
Advice: Stick to equal employment opportunities. 
Retain quality resources for your company growth
Lay-off should be based on lower performance candidates, not by the race, age or # of years worked  or  managers favoritism.
Higher management should analyze the situation before blindly taking final decision
Pros: Great company to work with! good pay &amp; better benefits.

Cons: Your work can be siloed. For example is your a system administrator, you likely won't manage security, storage, backups, etc. as their are separate teams dedicated to each piece of the infrastructure stack.
Advice: Don't let employees hear about major news from the media, or leave them to speculate. Communicate corporate decisions that will affect employees more proactively. Sponsoring job related certifications would be a well received and often utilized benefit.
Pros: - Great benefits
- Large IT infrastructure exposed you to a lot of technologies
- You get out what you put in
- Fun, global product where you can see your work in action every day
- Opportunity to work with some really smart people

Cons: When I started out, the pay was slightly below market average, but they explained this is because they account for it in other benefits like 2x yearly raise for 3 years, which eventually aligns the pay midpoint to that of the market. So fair enough. I'm not sure if they're still doing that though based on what I heard from new college hires.

Restructuring which led to layoffs was sonething sad but not surprising since when I had HR onboarding 5 years ago, the representatives acknowledged that layoffs are unavoidable when necessary. However I think with the way they handled the pandemic, it seems this mentality is no longer in place and job security has improved dramatically!
Advice: Keep up the competitiveness!!
Pros: First off, they're offering remote, compared to companies like APPLE who have received employee backlash for not offering remote, APPLE!! 🤣

They realized the competition and immediately adjusted and restructured to catch on in the EV space after the Tesla hype.
Not only that, but I feel like they're trying to even compete against longtime tech giants like Google even though GM is an automotive company. I get this feeling because what IT was like 5 years ago is completely different today! It's like they're investing heavily in new generation of IT and technology, unprecedented in the history of GM before!
Also the best impression i had of GM is when the pandemic happened, all companies were preparing for layoffs of some form, including reputable ones like LinkedIn and even Google let go of contract employees!! However, GM did something outstanding they've never done before! They cut everyone's salaries and especially executives TEMPORARILY. This granted job security and even better, we got paid back pay WITH INTEREST!!
I really respected this move on GM's part! What an amazing move that saved the company a couple billion dollars in the face of the pandemic!

Theres a reason the stock price is now equivalent to that of social media giant Twitter's!

Cons: Work life balance extremely poor. Layoffs were constant. Management was waiting for retirement and had no passion for the organization, or work being done, Those who were around longest got the most perks/raises despite again...buying time while waiting for retirement. Hardworking employees were not appreciated or supported.
Advice: Take care of your incoming graduates who are PASSIONATE about automotive. Recognize them and reward their achievements. Give more opportunities for those who work hard and go above and beyond to learn and fulfill the needs of their role to advance and be compensated for the work they do.
Pros: Benefits, Resume Builder, Networking Opportunities, Association with Automotive Mfg. to carry on with elsewhere,

Cons: Competition is rough, especially since there's so many applicants out there. Very little or no technical questions were asked during the interview.
Advice: A two stage interview and they follow the STAR model for their interview. The mostly ask behavioral questions for both the first and second interview. The first lasted about 45 mins with 3 questions and 2 hours with 8 questions for the second.
Pros: The interviews are very causal and mostly behavioral questions, not too difficult if you prepared for them. If you have a chance to meet with the interviewer before the interview they do give useful advice on what to prepare yourself for what's to come.

Cons: There were times when people were seen as a number and not always seen for what they brought to the table.
Advice: Be willing to coach and mentor those that need to learn the art of finesse in business. Not just punish them for something done incorrectly.
Pros: Because of my proficiency and dedication to the company, I was able to work with my management team to create  a work/life balance for my very unique situation.  As long as you know your job, and prove that you are willing to go the extra mile at times, managers that I reported to were willing to accommodate my life situation.

Cons: New college hires tend to be lumped together. It's hard to hold an underperforming employee accountable, and it's hard to adequately reward an overachieving employee.
Advice: Recognize talent and hard work when an employee demonstrates it, and spend more one-on-one time to review employee performance.
Pros: It's easy to move around different projects to find a good fit. Most teams are flexible enough to allow for a comfortable work/life balance. Specifically speaking for the New College Grad program, GM is a company that offers the experience of working with other young hires as well as the mentorship of senior devs.

Cons: Toxic top down management culture.  Crush input.  Unrealistic objectives with their head in the market condition sand.  Could not stay the course to save their lives.
Advice: Take your own cultural training and BUY IN!  Technology was not intended to rule your life but improve it.  No 24/7 communications - No 6 or 7 am conference calls so they "Don't interfere with your work day"  Give back weekends!  No work life balance just work then work harder.  Vacation was never meant to be Red - Yellow - Green!  Just vacation.
Pros: Local level management and team atmosphere.  Great benefits and pay package.

Cons: Middle and upper management are not supportive or networking or creating a work-rich environment
Poorly manager and brought up leaders (if you are not on the "secret" list of future executives then don't even bother.
At times, my manager was caught talking behind my back in meetings (VERY unprofessional & rude) 
Slow moving company with lots of red tape
Benefits are OK (discount on new car).
Advice: Younger people don't want your job. We want to learn, have a supportive manger, and  grow our career.
Pros: Networking / professional guidance 
A lot of flexibility for roles and changing teams
Support for extracurricular activities (inside and outside of work)
Lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Sexual harassment from day one! Complaints to management went unhandled and HR is practically impossible to find (the most you can do is email GM "People Services", which I did and never heard back). Other people at the company were not surprised to hear this and generally had their own horror stories of being sexually harassed and ignored by management.

Toxic work environment. Constant bullying and sexism. Speaking up against it only makes you a target.

More typical problems with a big company: no clear career path, mounds of bureaucracy.
Advice: Make sure your espoused values (of diversity, equality, etc.) match what's actually happening to your employees and make HR actually accessible for issues beyond physical safety concerns.
Pros: Good work/life balance, including generous vacation time and management encouragement to use all vacation

Some perks, like being able to take development cars home and not really have to pay for gas

Cons: The only con I could think of are the deadlines are too close to each other and there's a lot of pressure on management and everyone because of it.
Also new hire training is pretty fast paced so you get thrown into the deep water fast.
Advice: Maybe more team building events would be great.
Pros: I held a lot of jobs previously and it was a long journey to get here but it was worth every second and every sweat. I can't praise this company enough.
Co-workers, supervisors, management, they are all friendly, understanding and there when you need help. The company itself organizes an insane amount of charity events and gives a lot to the local community.

Cons: It can be hard to grow in responsibility or earn promotion at a company that is shrinking.  Also, GM is not a stable place to work at the moment (June of 2009).
Advice: The current federal involvement and bankruptcy is a true crisis, but it also affords the opportunity to move aggressively.  Make sure that the move is toward a future vision that makes sense for the company long-term.
Pros: GM has a team of smart, hard-working professionals working on some of the most exciting products in the world.  Pay and benefits are solid, and you will get a chance to contribute.

Cons: The political/bureaucratic atmosphere is exhausting. You'll find yourself performing "under the table" tasks for your direct supervisor because he/she wants to impress the management, only to find yourself being thrown under the bus when a competing manager finds out. If your manager likes you, you have a better shot at moving up, but if they do not, good luck transferring internally. You're only option for increase compensation is to leave GM all together.
Advice: Start investing into your people. Offer training on ALL levels. Stop the shadow IT and force management to all work together. Too many chiefs, not enough indians (figuratively).
Pros: Steady work. The environment always seems to change very often.

Cons: It can take a lot of meetings to get things done sometimes.
Advice: Remove some of the levels of approval to make things happen faster. This requires some trust in your employees, but that's ok because they know what they are doing.
Pros: I feel that compensation is very fair for the industry and the region. There is significant amount of flexibility in you schedule, as long as you get your work done and attend all of your meetings. The best part is that you get to see what you work on every day on the road in the hands of our customers.

Cons: 1) some areas are still focused on the tactical vs. strategic 2) still lots of old school mentality and entitlement "I've been here 30 years and should be promoted" 3) lack of financial accountability at the leadership level 4) workforce complacency 5) highly competitive industry
Advice: Goals should be measurable and tied to financial outcomes. Leadership needs to be more strategic-thinkers than tactical and data driven.
Pros: 1) CEO is doing a great job 2) changes are in the works but it's like turning the Titanic...takes time 3) good pay and benefits 4) global auto industry is very interesting 5) injection of new blood and innovation 6) opportunities to change roles

Cons: IT is going through lots of change as they insource. Processes changing frequently. GM enable project methodology can be DISnabling.
Advice: help identify what the career path is for positions so that people get a sense that company is investing in them and the employee will return the favor.
Pros: I get to work with some really smart people trying to navigate an IT organization that is in a transformation change. You get opportunities help facilitate the change in GM.
Flexible hours that is conducive to having a young family.
Great people to work with.
Benefits and pay is good if not better than large companies.

Cons: Some days there were not enough hours in a day, but I loved it.  Retired.........
Advice: There are many ways to save time and money when determining modes of transportation and inventory flow.  After several years with GM I managed to determine the best ways to ship and receive materials, parts and  inventory.  I found there are many ways to make or break a business by not taking advantage of the tricks of the trade.
Pros: Responsible for logistics, shipping, short lead time material flow.  Supervise union and salaried employees.  Negotiated all air, rail,  truckload and less than truckload  shipments, contracts.and modes of transportation.

Cons: I joined GM after leaving a very good position in a recognized multinational aerospace company where the culture truly is similar to the Silicon Valley notion of “anything is possible.” I was extremely excited to come to GM, mostly to be a part of the new technologies and “cultural change” described by several GM spokespersons (including the CEO) in various media outlets. I was leaving a top company for what I truly believed was another top company, this is how much I believed in what GM marketed to me. I was told my technical skills and educational degrees would be challenged. It has been about six months since I joined GM and I have been given no such caliber of work. In fact, the most “complex” task I have been assigned is to submit a Work Order and create Excel spreadsheets, and yes my title is engineer. I keep asking my manager for challenging work and all I get is “paperwork” stuff that a 15 year old can do with very minimal training. I have a Bachelors and Masters in Mechanical Engineering and I do not use my education at all in GM. 

I also do not feel safe at work. My manager has an aggressive attitude. He constantly uses bad words and I cannot say the rest to protect my identity, but is not good. He treats his direct report as if we are his kids. I see my co-workers complaining all the time on his back, but they are afraid of speak up. All they say is “this is a good company with good pay/benefits and I am happy to have a job”. GM indeed pays well and the benefits are very good as I stated above. But I would rather make a lower salary with less benefits at a job where I can be myself and use my skill sets. GM campuses (at least in Michigan) are not tobacco free. All the building entrances smells like cigarette even the conference rooms and restrooms. Sometimes people even smoke in your face. I have even seen people in meetings talking very rude to minorities (including women’s). Is that a sign of a progressive and safe company? I do not think so.  

This feels more like a 8-5 job. You can tell a large number of people hate their jobs and they are there just for a paycheck. A large number of people do not respond to emails and some to phone calls. I have even been in situations when I have sent a meeting notice with days in advance and no one shows up. And when you go to their desks you seen them texting, etc. And if you ask them a question they complain and point you to someone else. 

Even at the company trainings you hear the instructions complaining about the company culture. One instruction even joked saying that the GM handshake is "is not my problem - is someone else's".

GM is still a bureaucratic company where employees, mostly individual contributors, are afraid to speak up. Is true that the leadership is trying to change that culture. There are renovations in the Warren Technical Center and constant emails to promote a cultural change through collaboration. But I guess they have to get rid of a lot of people in order to change the company culture. I am very disappointed at GM.
Advice: None
Pros: GM pays very well. Make sure you negotiate your offer prior accepting! Their benefits are not great, but still good to today standards. They offer tuition reimbursement and you do no have to sign a retention agreement like many companies require these days. 401(k) match is good as well. Training opportunities.

Cons: Depending on your team, management is not helpful for developing your career 
There are not many opportunities, if any, to move into leadership positions from the college hire program. The few opportunities I did hear of in my time at GM did not come with an increase in salary, only an increase in responsibility
Advice: Provide more leadership opportunities to young talent and give appropriate compensation for these opportunities. In the time I spent at GM, some of the best talent would leave to other companies to get more leadership experience, it was not an environment that supported growth for younger employees
Pros: Bonuses every year based on how stock is doing
Vacation is pretty good

Cons: General Motors is constantly making wide-reaching decisions that affect our plant directly. 2-3 years as a temp would be more than enough to get you hired in at most places, but because all of the plants in the region keep downsizing or "de-allocating product" all of the 1000+ jobs added at our location over the last few years have been filled by transfers from plants both near (Lansing/Hamtramck) and far (Lordstown, Ohio).
Advice: It would be nice if the top brass at General Motors would stop playing musical chairs with their employees' lives.
Pros: Most jobs are reasonably well-balanced and the pay is pretty solid.  Health benefits are pretty good too.

Cons: Basically, working at General Motors as a Software Developer as a new college hire is  a total roll of the dice.  Before you start, you need to be assertive about what you want to be doing.  When I started, the company attempted to put me into a position that would have been less than ideal for my career, and didn't align with what I thought and was told I would be working on in general.  I wanted to be a full stack developer, they attempted to put me on a mainframe management project.  This would have been career suicide.  I was told "sometimes at GM, we just get what we get".  I had to start a political campaign to get myself out of this situation.

Some teams allow abuse and unrealistic project deadlines to propagate down from the business.  I have seen devs overwork themselves, pushing in code at 2AM and working 12 hour days.  Some managers are ok with this and expect this, and celebrate the "rock stars" who are slinging garbage into Bitbucket to just "get it working".  Meanwhile, code reviews aren't really a thing, nor is unit testing or any code standards.

The staffing strategy is (and has been) literally this - replace the talent who leaves due to being underpaid by eager-to-please college hires.  Lots of tribal knowledge, poor or total lack of standards, and toxic environments are cultivated as a by-product of this.  

My advice: if you want to be marketable and are coming into this job.  Push to work with modern technologies and advocate for yourself and the type position you want.  Don't let yourself get steamrolled.  There's a lot of garbage in this organization and I have personally witnessed many suffer.
Advice: I've worked under great managers here, and some terrible.  The terrible ones loved playing politics, favorites, and were not receptive of their employees' feedback or concerns.  They were usually the "boss" type, and not the "leader" type, and their teams suffered from horrible turnover and lack of standards.

Don't be a boss, be a leader.  Listen to your people.  Don't get steamrolled.
Pros: Easy interview
Open dress code
Work life balance*
Good culture*
Flexible PTO*

* - Depends on team.

Cons: Middle management doesn’t know how to run a software organization. 
Slackers can skate by for years
Older engineers want you to stay “in your lane” if you try to be innovative because they’d rather spend 2 weeks manually doing something that a computer could do in 10 minutes. 
Spreadsheet hell, try putting stuff in a DB for a change
Advice: Get outside help and listen to them. Stop bending software tools to form to your process and modernize the processes and software architecture instead. Also most people need software training since they don’t have a CS background. Tech companies will eat you if they decide to really move into the auto industry
Pros: Very good pay and benefits.

Cons: Loosing money and may go bankrupt. Lot of old guys impose theie views which are sometime good also.
Advice: Shed some senior management jobs
Pros: Lot to do. Lot to learn cause lot of challanges. Looks good on resume. Invest in training. Most of the manager have lot of knowledge and this help new graduates like me. But lot of old people sitting there doing nothing but waiting to retire. They are main reason for the GM problem. But you cant blame them as they deserve a good retirement. It is the government who should make sure people retire respectfully and not become burden on Companies. Overall I like working here.

Cons: GM used to be a company that was a very good place to work at.  Unfortunately because of incompetent management appointments and decisions, they have run this company into the ground.  GM is big on culture and internal politics. They love people that go along with status quo.  Open your mouth and disagree with the bosses and you will be labeled Not A Team Player!
Advice: Car Sales should be the number one priority.  Here's a simply concept for them, the consumer wants a quality product at a reasonable price that doesn't break down.  People work hard for their money and want to get the most out of it.  Right now, they view GM products as not meeting this requirement.
Pros: None, except for the pay check and benefits, and really, the benefits and pay are average for a major corporation.

Cons: Respect was non-existent. If you wanted a better job just wait for 22 years and you will have a chance at it. Oh wait sorry they wont be there as they are closing shops all over.
Advice: Listen to your people. The people doing the job no what is wrong, why it is wrong and what can be done to fix it. If you would have listened to the people perhaps the companys quality would not have been where it has landed.
Pros: Benefits with this company were unbeatable. Believe me I have tried. The compensation program for this job was the greatest. Great pay, versatility and solid hours that were predictable.

Cons: Many boring, non-value added meetings.
Too much red tape to implement change.
Difficult to advance once they have you in a job that you're good at.
Once you're good at what you do, they leave you in that position forever.  People who can't complete their job are the ones who get promoted to something else.
Advice: Don't pigeon-hole employees for performing a job well.  Allow promotional opportunities.
Pros: Managers let you take the ball and run.
Freedom to make decisions, implement solutions and manage your time on your own.
Good work/life balance.
Mostly nice people with just a few "bad apples".
Fun atmosphere with potluck luncheons, picnics, bakesales, parties, etc.
Very little overtime required
Often received a "Job well done!" from management.

Cons: The overall management style is the archaic traditional top down, "do it my way" in key parts of the organization (like Purchasing - very "old school").  Other areas like Product Development are very progressive.  When they laid off people in 2009, they didn't let enough of the managers go.  GM is still very management heavy.
Advice: Bring back Rick Wagoner.
Pros: the diversity of career paths and people make GM a great place to explore different career tracks, all while building service with the same company.  The level of competence of most professionals is very high.  The course offerings for job training are amazing... truly best in class.

Cons: Managers are rotated every three years.  As soon as you begin to gain respect with your current manager, they get rotated out and you have to start over with someone new.
Advice: Let employees move to new positions.  Not fair to keep a person in their job for 10+ years because nobody else knows how to do it.
Pros: Opportunities abound with the many sites in the United States and throughout the world.  There are both small and large sites to suit the desired environment.

Cons: While they're trying to retool their image, they're also chasing after China as all the big 3 are now doing. Problem with that is, focus and priority too much into pleasing and drawing that market that you forget about your biggest base market here in the U.S.
Advice: Stop giving lip service to saying that you encourage transparency, and actually show us by your actions that you support the lower level employees concerns.
Pros: Global company and even if you work in Detroit, your experience will go beyond the U.S. The focus currently is to evolve from the old GM and start growing into a new, more resourceful and employee encouraged company.

Cons: The Only con I may think of is that because GM is such a big company, it takes a while for anything to get done. For instance, the hiring process was a headache all together, however it was worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is an awesome company to work for. Ive been with them since 2014 under their "GMIT" devision. They take excellent care of their employees with competitive wage, 15 paid vacation days a year, and 15-20 personal paid days off on top of that. They are very family oriented and family comes first, which is great. I genuinely feel that GM is a company that goes out of their way to accomadate their employees.

Cons: - Compensation is below market average.
- The Austin office is labeled "Innovation Center", but there aren't any opportunities to innovate.
- Not that many opportunities for growth for a college hire. 
- Coworkers don't seem to be passionate about what they're working on.
Advice: - Give college hires better opportunities to work in different roles.
- The interview I had was entirely behavioral. If you're looking to hire a software developer or software tester, at least ask them to demonstrate their skills.
Pros: - Fantastic work-life balance
- Can work from home if necessary.
- College hires earn a raise every 6 months as a part of the GM College Hire program

Cons: Not all campuses seem as “friendly” as Milford. The cafe food is very expensive at all locations. Employee vehicle pricing is not very good. You still have to purchase through a dealership like a normal customer and basically get the same deal as many local Michigan residents. If you come in as a higher level employee with a competitor vehicle, that you own and aren’t leasing, your discount is basically worthless.
Advice: In general a great company to work for, keep up the good work!
Pros: Great pay and benefits. The Milford campus is a very happy  work environment. GM is actively trying to breed a positive work culture.

Cons: After graduating the new college hire program, opportunities for advancement require 5+ additional years of experience, each year only gives inflation raises until you've proven your worth and "loyalty." This leaves majority of people to leave after 3-4 years because the time spent vs the promotion advances are not worth it. Likewise, this means almost all your fellow employees are newly hired workers, little to none senior devs to be found, and if the senior devs are good, they are overworked. 

Management is non-existent, I would say majority (unless you're lucky with a good manager) don't care about your career or how you progress, only butts in seats, you are basically treated like a number in a spreadsheet. This is probably because of the age of the company - a lot of old souls who don't like change.

4 out of the 6 managers I've had in 3 years (a lot right?), have all the left the company.

It's also a roll of the dice if you get on a good team or not. The politics in the company is a big reason why management end up leaving.

You have to play the politics game to get promoted. But none of these cons are limited to General Motors, just typical big company pains.
Advice: Invest more in the college hires you have - promote earlier, lock in on talent and offer competitive compensation to keep them. Hire more senior developers as well for mentoring. A rising tide lifts all ships.
Pros: Good work life balance, amazing vacation days, amazing benefits. College hire program maintains 4.4% raises every 6 months, with your last raise being 10% (sometimes more if your manager fights for you but this will rarely happen).

Great work life balance; think less than 35 hours work weeks because most people won't notice who you are or how long you've been in the office. I've had a coworker who routinely took 4 hour lunches, and slept in his chair; it took him 1 year to get "let go" (he moved to another company after being pushed out), so it's very hard to get fired unless they are having routine layoffs like a few years ago.

Laid back environment. Deadlines don't realistically matter - everything gets pushed back so very little stress.

They're trying to be better and work with newer coding languages, which is nice. They've heavily invested in CI/CD and cloud software for easy deployments.

Cons: I've been with GM 4 1/2 years and have been layed off 8 months and getting from temporary to permanant can be challenging
Advice: 90 % of management have no idea how to be leaders that gain respect of there employees to lead them to success just bullies who are driven by production numbers not quality FIX THE CULTURE
Pros: Industry leading health dental and vision insurance payed for by GM. At the end of this 4 year contract all permanent employees will be topped out at $32 .32 an hour $1500 in bonuses every year plus $1000 per billion of General Motors North American profits

Cons: Older generations made many decisions based on their own survival, not the long-term welfare of the company. Senior/mid-management blocked innovation for a few years. Current senior management is brilliant. Hope it's not too late for the company to reinvent itself.
Advice: Continue off-loading all the dead weight. Stay focused on product and quality.
Pros: Global scope. Given the large scale of the company, people are given a great level of responsibility from early on in their careers. Managers at GM have a level of responsibility comparable to directors of vice presidents at many other companies. It's the NYC of big business. If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere.

Cons: Big company = big bureaucracy at times.  Getting the smallest tasks done sometimes took too long - getting a new phone, new software, etc.  Terrible career advancements opportunities given poor revenues and shrinking employee base.  Some great people, but also some not so great to work with.
Advice: Find ways to retain top talent as best as possible, regardless of present financial state.
Pros: Despite what are probably some negative public perceptions, my immediate management was always extremely competent.  Management was very understanding of flexibility with time off.  Given a great deal of responsibility and usually received useful feedback on job performance, including ways to improve.

Cons: - Talent management - doesn't know how to get the best out of their employees
- A lot of old leaders that value who you know vs what you know.
Advice: Change your structure and get rid of the old guard, particularly in HR. They are too set in their ways and too under-resourced to do anything about it.
Pros: - Good benefits - from base salary to healthcare options and access to discounts etc.
- Good talent - Usually tries to take the best of the best from the available talent pool
- Reasonably flexible work environment

Cons: Bad offices especially for IT. Packing employees like livestock in a warehouse with no facilities is not acceptable. Bad management.  Company hasn’t evolved past the 80s. Managers mentality is very old school and not open to current standards. HR is terrible and they treat employees just like a hord of sheeps.
Advice: Get in line with current standards especially in IT. Working from home is not unheard of especially if your commute is atrocious and your warehouses are already packed to the gill.
Pros: Good benefits, possibility of longevity if in the right group. Decent training

Cons: Overbearingly complex Project Management Processes that are geared very strongly toward Waterfall methodologies and make few allowances for different methods such as Agile, though this seems to be improving.
Very slow to respond to change, and limited influence by the "Doers" over the processes used to manage projects.
Work/Life balance issues requiring consistent 50-60 hour weeks to meet the demands of the job.
Very limited room or opportunities for advancement.
Advice: Work Life Balance needs to be addressed.
Pros: One of the oldest and most well established companies in existence. 
Many good people who care about what they're doing and have pride of ownership over the products they're producing.

Cons: Parking at the tech center took way too long to fix (for a transportation company).  Culture at GM is deg the good ol boy network.  There are connections from the senior leaders all the way down with buddies - perhaps not the “best” people in the roles.  The “frozen” middle is still present in the higherarchy.  

Toxic people, of they are buddies of management, are kept in the company and not appropriately dealt with.
Advice: Have more transparency top down.  Diagonal slices from executive leadership with the actual workers to improve efficiency and eliminate the muddy message working its way up through the org.  Don’t venture away from your roots - a transportation company.
Pros: GM has some very knowledgeable people.  Very capable technical abilities.  Good vacation benefits, 8% 401k match.

Cons: It is very difficult to get promoted because there are many people holding high level positions and those people are next to impossible to get rid of or demote.  Management is more worried about underperformers feelings than overperformers careers.
Advice: Think about the message you are sending to the people who get the job done.  You need these people.  Treat them like you need tham instead of putting up with the dead weight.
Pros: We make great products. Working in a very global environment teaches you alot about cultural diversity.  Ther people there are great and the work is challenging and fun.

Cons: Static management limits carrier opportunities. Accountability falls mostly on engineer and not on management. Senior management is very political. Local management is variable. My current manager is very competent technically and is manages people well. Hold employees accountability, but still trusts them. The vast majority of GM managers are not like him.
Advice: Reduce layers of management. Get people in management who are problem solvers and old them accountable. Empower the engineers to make more decisions.
Pros: Reasonable balance between work and home life. Many very competent engineers. People get along very well. Access to some of the best facilities anywhere.

Cons: Miserable conditions throughout the auto industry.  Massive downsizing at GM in 2009, and it's not likely to stop now.  The domestic automakers may or may not resurge when the economy improves.  Extreme difficulty breaking through the "Baby Boomer" ceiling to gain responsibility commensurate with pay.  Job titles out of step with other big companies given comparable pay and responsibilities (GM titles not impressive enough), creating resume liabilities.
Advice: Good luck!  You'll need it!
Pros: GM is still a key global player in its industry, for those who have a passion for all things auto.  Cost of an excellent standard of living is reasonable in Detroit.

Cons: Work environment can be impersonal.
Job Application process is impersonal.
Engineers do more project management than engineering.
Advice: Create more opportunities for Engineers to engineer and apply their skill set and be creative; align employees with careers that take advantage of their skill sets and career goals.
Transparency and interaction with employees is of great importance in retaining and encouraging the best talent.
Pros: Compensation is on par with the industry.
Many different career opportunities for a growing or ever changing career path.
Great access to automotive benefits such as the opportunity to drive the vehicles, access to service documents, and more.

Cons: If you have a brain, some of the inefficiencies will drive you crazy.

Promotions can be based on friendships/relationships more than merit and ability.
Advice: Implement a mechanism for employees to submit suggestions. (The link for suggestions on the internal company home page is a dead link that leads to Page Not Found, which really sums it up.)
Pros: Good pay relative to the position.

Great vacation package; I think new hires get 3 weeks plus week of Xmas

Good benefits: health care is pretty cheap, 4% 401k matching, annual profit-sharing.

Cons: Overall experience is varied and very leader, functional area dependent.  Various disciplines and functional areas apply the corporate "direction" differently.  Some areas can have poor leadership with poor work/life balance.  Not always supportive of employees . . . expediency can overwhelm accuracy and fairness.  At times it is clear that senior leaders have little comprehension of what is really going on in their organizations.
Advice: Senior leadership perception of their own actions is often perceived differently by the company's employees.
Pros: Competitive salaries and benefits.  Pockets of good, effective leadership with decent work/life balance providing learning and advancement opportunities.

Cons: Teams are different but on mine there is too much backstabbing, politics and general negative old-school attitudes. Management is blind to destructive attitudes and behaviors of favorites on team;  project deadlines are not adjusted when external contributors are delayed in providing necessary information; too much power placed in too few hands; lack of encouragement for collaboration; if you offer constructive criticism expect to get your hand slapped; not recognized for going above and beyond.
Advice: wake up! get rid of the political turf wars; recognize talent and expertise; stop micromanaging,  being hyper critical and stop playing favorites.
Pros: Huge company, great vacation and perks. Interesting projects.

Cons: Company is very large. Easy to get lost by the management team. Since company is so large the employee treatment and engagement is sometimes uneven. Some groups have good camaraderie and team work. Others are still stuck in the 1950s management style.
Advice: Continue to work to spread the pockets of excellence.  Share the new found wealth with everyone not just those at the top. Though very good, restore the support for furthering education.  Funding has been cut in past years. Continue to invest in people.
Pros: Great training. Good breadth of opportunities.  People are very knowledgeable and are willing to share.  Generally good pay and benefits.

Cons: Management supports the cheaper new hires. And tries to push the Senior devs out the door. Management  mentions every yearly meeting that this may not be the place for you. I think he'd rather see us leave before our 401Ks vest after 3 years. It's hard to believe they can be that cheap especially since they are saving millions a year by in-sourcing now.
Advice: Don't be so cheap. You'll be the only ones there pretty soon.
Pros: Decent pay and good benefits, if you can wait 3 years for the 401K to vest.

Cons: Expected to answer your phone 24/7, Expected to fix other peoples problems no matter what time of day or how many hours it'll take to fix and leads to no punishment of the person who broke something, They won't fire people who are useless, they just lay off people who make a lot of money.
Advice: I shouldn't be putting 20 hours a week into a role that isn't my job title, on top of doing my job titles work. This is caused by a major lack of communication.
Pros: Good Pay, Flexible with coming into work when you have appointments, Friendly Coworkers

Cons: Long detailed list, bare with me please:
-The true reason that you will work under several teams/orgs is that you will get pulled into a job somebody quit or nobody wants. Management will not care about if that change reflects your expertise/career goals and there will be a lot of deflection as to who even initiated this change (your direct manager, HR, or a Director). On the other hand if you attempt to make a lateral movement to another position available - good luck. Logically, the "good" jobs/roles rarely open up because people fight to stay in those teams.

-The true "Innovation" apps at GM are Outlook and Skype (Excel is third). They are management's best friends.  GM uses boring old vendor software but creates even more boring in-house software (yikes). Over 50% of GM software is legacy software written by people no longer there with non-existent/poor documentation. Legacy apps break ALL.THE.TIME. Many times it's because it's inexplicably linked to another app/server because "it sounded like a good idea" a long time ago. 

-Bureaucracy is the boogey-man word and Director-level management refuses to accept there exists so much of it. Bureaucracy to install software. Bureaucracy for servers to apps you own. Bureaucracy for production deployments. You will have meetings with people who will stonewall and will bring 2 other people in the call to act as witnesses for their justification. Being proactive will only get you assigned more work and will cause you to become the SME of 3 MORE legacy apps in addition to the 5 you already own. Because of this, teams will actually allow software to break/deadlines to be unmet (with the "secret" blessing of managers). Deadlines are constantly made/promised by people who have never been software developers/engineers.

-Out of the 4 IT "Innovation" Centers: Austin and Warren are substantially better especially for your career growth. They get more "visibility" and have better projects (again, depends on team). GM focuses too much on Galileo, myGM Rewards, AVT, and MAVEN while disregarding the apps that provide POSITIVE net cash inflows. It seems like other teams exist only to not disturb upper-management by preventing P1/P2's. The message is "Helping the client/customer great but preferably focus on preventing P1/P2's". Now, if your team did meet that metric of "No P1/P2's for the Mid-year Performance Review"...you still won't get recognized. There exists considerable, outsourcing for apps that GM, itself doesn't believe its employees are qualified to do (ex: AVT). GM avoids open-source software and it has become detrimental to its goal of "innovation". Lots of soul-draining repetitive tasks and most of it involves Outlook (aka management's BF). Before you realize, you will have lost knowledge/skills you had in the past. 

-Beware of the IT organizations that have the word "Global" in their name. They contain ALL the negatives listed above (such as legacy software) on a larger scale. No exception. The Directors in "Global" orgs also are uninspiring, feign transparency, and lack direction (can't have direction when your org consists of projects that aren't innovating/ provide little to the customer). No surprise I saw more turnover in these orgs than other orgs.

-Most of the discontent is towards Randy Mott's network he brought from Dell and HP (CIO's and especially Directors). Perhaps some of them have quit/were layed-off but for years they ushered in bad practices, bad vendors and fostered nepotism. If you want to "moveup" at GM, learn to take data of all the cost-savings you provided into Excel-format, only then you can communicate in a language they comprehend.

-Not as important as the statements listed above^ but GM has lots of synonym and acronym entities/programs/software that sound alike but are ACTUALLY different things (EX: GM Loyalty/GM Rewards/GM Recognition, Chevy Volt/Bolt, ITOC SE/ITOC SD)
Advice: Management's insecurities are so obvious. Exhibit A: Lots of talk of "innovation" but what they really mean is "compensation"; as in, GM is  compensating for the things it lacks. Exhibit B: Management constantly uses the word "transparency" in their emails/townhalls. In reality, you will learn MORE about GM's future by reading NYT/WSJ/WaPo than from management. Here's how the spin-cycle works: Executives give middle/lower management words to use repetitively and within months everyone is also using said-words; as if that resolved the problem. Be on the look out for these phrases too: ("lots of opportunity for growth"/"We are like a startup company"/ "leadership driven initiatives"/ "GM loyalty").

Truth is some employees allow software to break because that is the ONLY way to get executive attention to a bureaucratic-systemic problem.

Prioritize promoting employees INTERNALLY!  BUT, if you have to hire externally, stop bringing management from Oracle, HP, Dell as opposed to Google, Facebook Apple or even actual successful start-ups (MongoDB, Uber, etc.) You can't expect employees to be more loyal than the company itself. The layoffs where the biggest demoralizing factor BUT even before that there was not a sense of community at the company. The company-events are poorly promoted and GM even got rid of the cafeteria, thereby encouraging people to eat at home/elsewhere.
Pros: -IT Innovations centers, you are likely to work under several teams and orgs if you stay over a year
-Raises are great for salaried New College Hires (4.4%) although it's less for other salaried employees
-HDHP Insurance (which is great if you never use it OR if you go WAY beyond the deductible)
-Dental &amp; HSA (1.5k contribution) are amazing 
-401k is amazing (if you complete vesting period)
-Lots of PTO (can't save unused PTO though) and company-wide holidays/days off (especially December)
-Majority of Coworkers are very approachable and genuinely want to help
-Cute titles such as Release Engineer, Messaging Engineer, Operations Engineer etc.
-Company makes an effort to improve employee discontent (ex: GM Recognition program)
-Less outsourcing and many successful in-house IT projects (there still exits some outsourcing though)
-Innovation centers are located in suburbs, plenty of housing options  (although this can be a Con if you want to live near downtown area)
-Job can be greatly beneficial to grow your knowledge and skills (depends heavily on your org AND manager)

Cons: Political minefield, old boys club in Austin, and not willing to listen to new ideas.  I was by an IT consulting firm by the large salary, but ultimately management is not willing to listen to Industry Best Practices around new digital technologies.  Also, management in Austin is very top heavy and you are encouraged to nod your head and agree with them or else.  Same old crew is out of the office at least two days a month for 'charity golf tournaments' that end up being only 8 people (all from GM).
Advice: Take a hard look into what is going on in Austin.  Their 'best practices' are a little outdated and new ideas are discouraged
Pros: Good pay and benefits, company car is a nice perk

Cons: Career pathing can sometimes be confusing within a company of this size
Advice: None
Pros: With the proximity of driver-less cars,  the automotive industry is an exciting place to be...particularly General Motors where we have a strong leader in Mary Barra and the cultural and strategic drivers in place to be a market leader.

Also, particularly for those who are based in SE Michigan, there isn't a comparable employer for offering roles that have the diversity, scale and complexity as those available at GM.  Makes for some very challenging opportunities and presents ongoing opportunity to take on new roles across different functional areas.

Cons: Management is not great. Poor communication along with big egos makes for a hostile work environment. There were plenty of places to grow and learn, but management doesn't want to move people. Just because someone has been there 20+ years, does not make them management material. There is still a problem of male dominance and doesn't work out well for female engineers.
Advice: Promote those employee's that show their worth and drive to make the company better. Don't just promote or hang on to someone because their family has worked there for many years.
Pros: The pay was great, plenty of paid holidays, and great employee discounts.

Cons: As a Fortune 500 company, they may require more years of experience in certain areas than smaller companies. There is so much competition that sometimes people leave the company, and come back in a management role.
Advice: Help employees branch out to other departments and sponsor employees. Managers don't do this enough and at some point, it is just easier to apply online and leave the company rather than trying to schedule so many "introduction" meetings to "meet the right person"
Pros: For technical people, this is paradise! There are so many options to become an expert in different components of the vehicle as an Engineer

Cons: Wondering whether or not GM will survive this downturn in the automotive industry.
Advice: The entire management chain at GM does not properly communicate the 'bad news' from the plant floor.  Everyone is afraid that if they deliver bad news to their superiors, their job is at risk.  Therefore, the higher in management you are, the further removed from reality you are.  Find a way to get the honest truth from the plant floor, and you will be able to make decisions that will save GM.
Pros: My management has been extremely flexible with balancing my work and home life.

Cons: Some of the most incompetent management I've seen in my life. You will spend countless hours in meetings that add 0 value. The way a decision gets made is 9 meetings, 15 managers, 8 directors, and 120 powerpoint slides later something might get done. HR is the most worthless and only there to serve management. My 7 year old could run HR here. At least he wouldn't mess things up and play with his toys. Since Mary Barra has gotten in the stock price has gone no where. If I could rate 0 stars for the CEO I would do it.
Advice: Get rid of the CEO, get rid of all the levels of upper management and hire outsiders to do those jobs, and get a real Board of Directors.
Pros: Pay and benefits are good. However, that comes at a cost.

Cons: There was'nt any issues there that i could remember to shed light on that one would consider negative as my employment there has been very rewarding and satisfactory
Advice: Continue to use the team concept and value your employees opinions and remain open to the suggestions as they see first hand the end product.
Pros: The team concept is a very valuable tool and used in almost every aspect on the jobs i preformed there. Starting out on assembly to finishing my employment in metal repair i value the experience very much.

Cons: Your boss/es has the ability to determine whether or not you can move within the company. They tend to move up the brown nosers and the ones they do not care for. Which leaves you stuck in a department which does not allow for you to grow within the company.
Advice: Give a person the opportunity to grow within the company instead of holding people back. Give each individual the opportunity to learn the entire business instead of holding them prisoner in one department limiting their growth.
Pros: Great salary and benefits. When the company is doing well the profit sharing bonus is exceptional!

Cons: Some managers, like mine, may not be very good at allowing you to grow. Also, lots of projects are in-sourced from contracting companies, therefore lots of badly maintained applications, little to no documentation, so it could be very challenging at times (but it depends on what team you land).
Advice: Allow employees to move quickly and grow. If they are not happy, they will leave the company. Also, compensate when there is hard work and recognize it better.
Pros: Good benefits, potentially good opportunities but depending on what team you land on and who your manager is. Company is doing great in the market

Cons: Most of the perk listed are best experience as a college grad hire
Once you move out of that program, the benefits are the same but the pay increase are yearly and based on subjective premise
Under paid in reflection to the market value for software dev at other jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to start you career in.
Great way to set a standard in what to expect as in benefits
401k 4% matching, totaling in 8% contribution
Mandatory 2 weeks vacation during Christmas/new years break
15 paid vacation days for starting
HSA for those that want to do the wellness incentive
6 month pay increase for 3 years for those in the college hire program

Cons: Not a company that I would start my career at.  They lock you into a 3 year plan with really no way to rotate other than doing your own research and finding a hiring manager within the company.

With the managers being older in views (same with the C level) you see things like not being able to work from home and flexibility in your job.
Advice: Get with the current times!  Your not going to be able t o recruit the younger generations if youre not listening to what they want to achieve from a personal development and social life aspect
Pros: Good benefits and good bonus

Cons: Unable to work remotely even though my whole team is remote from me and I am on the phone all day long.  Seems silly as I could do the same work for home.  Old school CIO needs to go.
Advice: Allow employees in IT to be able to work remotely. We are a company that has a company motto of Zero emissions, zero crashes but yet me mandate that we MUST be in the office when one could work just as effective remotely.
Pros: Benefits and paid time off are great!

Cons: HR still has an old-school mentatility and often fights upward movement for employees that are "too inexperienced" (e.g. too young), and still pushes a seniority-based instead of talent-based retention model.  Management fights the battle, and often wins, but still difficult to manage a business when you cannot make the decisions that need to be made on the personnel side.
Advice: None
Pros: Managment rewards talent, and fosters an environment that thrives on teamwork and relationship building.  You do have to put in long hours on occassion, but this is a company with endless possibilities, including rotations outside of the States, several legal business entities the size of fortune 500 companies, and cross-functional experiences.

Cons: One con is that depending on location your salary may be below cost of living for the area. They don't determine pay on the area, but on the national average.
Advice: I think the biggest thing is to change allocation of funds. There was a reduction of funds to the operations side which has increased the work load on everyone involved in operations. This will make us unmanageable.
Pros: I have enjoyed working here. The college new hire program is a great way to gain experience. They rotate you through the different specialties so you have experience and knowledge in multiple areas. My management has been very helpful and supportive.

Cons: LITTLE FLEXIBILITY. Hard to take days off and specially they want you to be there at least at 9am and leave at 5pm. Monday - Friday. Its a very corporate full time job. Sometimes you have to stay on call etc. Takes months to switch your initial  position.
Advice: None
Pros: You don't get fired easily and human services hear you and help you. Steady pay, increase in salary every 6 months when you are a new hire but manager can hold raises and take away bonus percentages. You get a bonus every year depending how you performed and how well the company did. Also, like I mentioned how much the manager gives you.

Cons: No company parties. Used to be able to borrow cars for a week once a quarter. Now you can not borrow at all. Boring work environment. Long commute.
Advice: Bring back ambassador program. Make working environment more like Apple and Google with break rooms and collaboration rooms.
Pros: Free 4% and match 4% 401k, so if you put in 4% they give you 8%. Big discounts on great cars. 3 weeks paid vacation to start and 4 weeks after 2 years. 2 weeks paid paternity leave that can be used by dad or added to maternity leave for mom. Company is doing great, leadership is dedicated and hardworking. Overall great company.

Cons: They expect you to work in 90+ degree weather with no AC and minimum bathroom/water breaks.
Everyone starts out as a temp and you get treated like garbage because temps are "disposable"
Advice: Advice to the union leaders - quit abusing the temps. Been a temp for 4 years with no hopes of getting hired directly. I do the same work as a direct hire and yet I can't get dental or vision, profit sharing, or even paid vaca days. The union needs to change this abuse cycle.
Pros: GM pay for you to have health insurance
You get paid for every ounce of your time when you are clocked in

Cons: Workload can be quite heavy at times, although this varies by position, program, and project phase. Generally the attitude is "get it done", and if that requires 60hrs/wk, so be it.
Advice: None
Pros: I have always felt well taken care of at GM. In particular, I feel there is a good culture for encouraging growth and allowing individuals to pursue their own desired career paths. Leaders are always willing to discuss career goals and opportunities with you, and programs such as the TRACK rotational program for new hires provide opportunities to move about within the company to grow your skill set and network. Salary and benefits are great as well.

Cons: Turnover is extremely high in the Group Leader position at the Lordstown location.  Training is minimal and does not prepare you to work on the floor.  Union employees have too much power and many will make your life hell just for the fun of it.  Team Leaders (union employees in charge of a group of other union employees) are supposed to assist the GL and run their teams, problem solve, etc. leaving the GL to manage operations at a higher level, however, they and their team members still work under the assumption that they are "Coordinators" whose only jobs are to give "e-breaks" (bathroom breaks) and to fix mistakes as they arise.  Many will use giving e-breaks as an excuse to avoid other work.  Rather than fix problems as they arise (ex. contact electricians or maintenance), they will try to pass the buck to their GL's.  In effect, Group Leaders are unable to do their own work and are stuck doing their own jobs plus that of the TL's.  Expect to work over (unpaid, of course) at least one hour per day in order to complete paperwork and any other issues that arose.  You will not be able to stay in your office for more than 5 minutes at a time.  You will literally run up and down your area responding to help calls and alarms for 9 hours a day.  You will also be expected to come in, at minimum, 30 minutes before the start of the shift (usually 1 hr if your Superintendent likes a pre-work meeting).  When hourly employees get their ten minute breaks twice a day, you will not.  You will most likely have a meeting.  When they get their 20 minute lunches, you will likely not.  Expect to be hungry, have sore feet and back, and be tired on a daily basis.  Also, as soon as you get used to an area and it is running smoothly, you will be moved to another area or shift.
Advice: Put the hourly workers in their place.  Stop bowing to the union and undermining your floor managers.  Train managers better in dealing with the union's tactics.  Offer buyouts to those who have been there 30+ years as they are the biggest impeders of progress and efficiency.  Do something about the sexist and bullying culture.
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits.  Those are the only Pros.

Cons: - The weather in Michigan isn't for everyone. 
- It often feels like there are many "silos" within GM, and engineering work / findings are not shared readily and transparently among the engineering teams. Frequently redundant work is done simply because team B wasn't aware that team A had already done that work. Information is not organized, shared, and made searchable.
Advice: Join the 21st century by bringing IT up to par: rather than silo'ing information off and only granting access to folks on a case by case, need to know basis, open up access and allow all the engineers to share a lot more of their information with each other - it will accelerate product development.
Pros: - If you are an engineer developing future products, your work will literally affect thousands if not millions of vehicles, which can give you a sense of accomplishment / satisfaction. 
- If you are an engineer and you work somewhat hard and show that you are be capable and proactive (self starter), you can move up the pay scale quickly. And you will get the support you need to in order to make the changes you envision. 
- The company is very flexible in helping you deal with life events that come up. 
- In my time there I have not observed anything "evil" about the company - they are in it for the long haul, they want to do the right thing and not cut corners just because customers might not notice. GM seems to have a strong corporate conscience, even if it means we have to sacrifice profits in the short term. 
- The work culture is overall good - the managers are trained to resolve disputes and to conduct themselves fairly. They care about your career, prod you to try to define where you want to go, then they help you to get there.

Cons: Product engineering and supplier relation management suffers due too many divided roles, e.g. Buyer, design release engineer, manufacturing engineer, materials engineer, and technical specialist.  Less buyer involvement and too many engineers involved in technology and parts delivery.  
Low degree of diversity inclusiveness at the lowest ranks of engineering since communication between teams is a challenge.
Very large and inefficient in management.
Low opportunities to grow in engineering or management.
Advice: None.
Pros: Good opportunities to work in areas of interest to you as an engineer
Has profit sharing system and effective goals management system
Good executive and senior management/leadership teams.
Generally a work/life balance enjoying culture.

Cons: High stress environment. Not much professional development. You are essentially a gopher and fall guy for your superiors when they make poor decisions (which you must execute). However, you get tremendous hands on experience if you are willing to take the time to figure things out for yourself, and ask questions of the people who actually run the equipment. You won't learn from your superiors... at least the ones who are worried that you'll "take their jobs."
Advice: Less politics and more productive leadership.
Pros: The wages and benefits were outstanding. Everything you could ask for in a compensation package, you got.

Cons: The only con that I can think of is the amount of process to maintain an enterprise, while the IT environment is still relatively new. This is improving quickly.
Advice: Keep on doing what you do! This is a great company.
Pros: Great people, great environment. The work is challenging and the environment is collaborative. I can see the real impacts that I am making to this company, which is rare in this size of an enterprise. The technical diversity really allows one to get hands on experience in a myriad of different environments. Great place for experienced engineers and new college grads.

Cons: Employee ambassador car taken away - no employee appreciation in powertrain - unprotected/ limited parking space - not easy to get promoted within the team which limits the desire to stay with the team after 2/3 years, too many meetings takes away time or productive work
Advice: No special parking for pregnant women, 
More employee appreciation/ recognition, anonymous survey for new managers
Pontiac being a sketchy area, need to make gated entrance specially in winter time with shorter daylight
Pros: Bonus, work from home, great colleagues to learn from, career development events, resourceful classes offered for technical development, track program is really great (wish I knew about it when I joined)

Cons: Still very silo driven, meeting dates more important than quality in many cases, IT networks slow, PC's dated and under powered.
Advice: Invest in the tools to get the work done like new laptops and internet speeds, spending money on pretty but outdated collaborative sitting is not going to get you to world class designs. Nice having new parking garages but I'd rather have a new laptop instead of a 5 year old one, the tablet I am typing on is faster than my Engineering laptop and my home network is too!
Pros: Matching 401k, decent health plan, 15 to 16 holidays, bonus plan, lots of good people

Cons: Still has the issues that all big companies face.
Advice: Keep moving in the direction you are moving
Pros: Lots of additional perks to working at General Motors - free trial of cars every three months, bonuses, group outings, like to the auto show, tigers games etc.  Definitely improving work-life balance as well by allowing more work from home opportunities.  I have a unique perspective as I spent 6.5 years as a contract employee then left for 14 months and now I am direct.  I can see changes have been made since I was away.

Cons: Telework is only available sporadically.   Mid mgmt is struggling with all the changes and is doing their best to keep the fiefdoms.  For a company that is talking so much about innovation, it's surprising they hired so many of the existing contractors instead of finding some new blood.
Advice: Innovation does not only apply to the products but it also applies to the culture.  By putting "old GM" in charge of the new IT centers, change is stiffled.
Pros: Excellent benefit package.  Location is good.

Cons: Slow to change, there is a genuine belief that "change is bad." While very knowledgable and productive, the workforce is on the older side. With most employees in their 40's and 50's, it makes it difficult for young professionals to network for the future.
Advice: Open up the office, make the workplace more lively and exciting.
Pros: Large company that offers a wide array of career opportunities. Excellent benefits, compensation and vacation package. Employees are extremely knowledgable and intelligent. A lot of the engineers that work here are truly elite.

Cons: A big number of people coming from DELL - HP. This leads to many issues, if you know what I mean.

Hiring people not based on their skill set, but on other things.  Behavioral  interview questions will not help you to find most qualified candidates.

Folks from Detroit are used to deal with contractors, slow to adapt. Getting good business requirements are very difficult.
Advice: Why employee has to pay for coffee?
Pros: Good benefit. GM treats their employee fair. Many holidays, in general you don't have to spend more than 8 hours per day, lay back. There are some interesting projects.

Cons: Beauracracy is heavy. Transparency is non-existent. Many managers with little to do micromanaging their teams.  Putting senior talent to work doing junior level work with no chance to advance or learn. Innovation is a joke.   If you are Hindu and from India this is the place for you. Otherwise you will be ignored.
Advice: Get rid of managers that have no purpose except to babysit.  Senior level staff does not need to be micromanaged.
Pros: A paycheck is pretty much it.

Cons: If your not on the Hi-Pot (High Potential) list and know someone to pull you along you will get no where. Getting a level raise takes forever. Hard work does not pay off here! Internal job site is a joke. They are just keeping GM compliant with offering the jobs internally. Internal jobs are 90% of the time already filled with a known candidate. They just post it for compliance.
Advice: Get rid of all the so called Managers and Directors that have no direct reports!!! So top heavy it is scary!
Pros: Decent benefits, many internal opportunities (OAP) but good luck getting one.

Cons: Communicate better with all teams; Business, Developers, and Testers need to be aware of project timelines, due date, and changes. 

GM is a huge company with many levels of management so projects move EXTREMELY slow from my experience. It was very common to have projects delayed 4-6 months or put on hold unto the next year.
Advice: Get your PMs in order and stop allowing changes so late into projects, save them for enhancements down the line.
Pros: I can only speak for my team, but as a Software Analyst it is very low stress, easy hours, nice and helpful coworkers, great benefits, and a nice facility.

Cons: The size of the company at times can be overwhelming. Great ideas sometimes get squashed for the greater good of the entire global market. This ideology will limit the amount of risk the company will take with design.
Advice: My advice to management would be to be more in tune with employee suggestions. Provide more team building opportunities monthly to receive a greater return from your very talented employees.
Pros: GM has a ton of resources. Talented group of Designers that are at the top of their craft. As a global Company GM provides opportunities to work abroad across the globe.

Cons: Timing is everything re hiring in. It’s an 8 yr haul minimum to full pay, often longer due to temp status abuse. 
Can be difficult to plan life outside. Saturday’s can be added up to Thursday before. Also can be cancelled on Friday, so management plays that game. 
Common practice to hold hostage as a temporary status worker for multiple years. Temp pay $15, caps at $19 after 4 yrs. 
Upward movement limited as seniority rules in all aspects. 
Leadership is horrible, scared chickens with head cut off. 
Supervisors just as bad, strong lack of talent. Supervisors also have no power to manage team, all decisions have to filter through their bosses boss. 
Overworked supervisors either forget or ignore most requests - even after union push. Usually answer provided at last possible moment. Each local union has strengths and weaknesses. 
Cyclical industry never seems far from next lay-off, tho benefits are great even on layoff.
Advice: Hire talent and let talent make choices. Get out of contract hires Cheap borns cheap. 
Abusing temps for multiple years is a huge knock. It’s borderline evil.
Pros: Benefits 90/10  with $600 deductible and no monthly fees, full vision/dental.  
No defined pension but do offer 401k. Company contributes weekly at, $1/hr plus 6.5%. Funds are avg. Roth 401k option. 
Wages are good, but full growth ($17-$30) takes 8 years IF actually hired permanent. 
Overtime often very available. 1.5x after 40, on Saturday, 2x Sunday. 
Great profit sharing and various metric smaller bonuses ($200-500) almost quarterly. 
Union Work environment is safe, yet laid back, shorts, Tee, sneakers is Okay. 
Opportunity to transfer to various locations when hiring, depending on distance and time commitment compensated $5k-$30k for a transfer. 
Layoffs are compensated up to 80% of pay.  
Healthcare 2 yrs post layoff. 
EVERYTHING IS EQUAL(ish) AS CONTRACT IS NEGOTIATED 4 years FOR ALL.

Cons: If you come in young without knowing someone (mommy/daddy/grampa/aunt ect is up there in the org) you will have an extremely difficult time getting promoted.  Immediately get someone at the director level on your good side! Come in as a 6B, you will get a 10% bump to 6A in a couple years, then if you stay 5-6 years and put in good work you can get another 10% pay bump to a 7th level...then leave on good terms, get mgmt experience somewhere else, come back in 3-5 years as an 8th level by not burning your bridges when you leave! Pretty much the only way finance/CPA personnel can make mgr without waiting 10-15 years after being a 7th level, you will have grey hair by time you get there in the New GM.

HR is kind, but have their hands tied. If you are unlucky and work under a bad level 8 (which there are plenty) they will look at you as a passer by or worse & you will have waisted precious years of learning OR could get “blacklisted” without knowing.

The “good ol boys” club in all the reviews below is entirely real.  I am fortunate enough to be in this “clique” (due to many years/connections) but again, promotions are 90% purely political (and now VERY RARE) & you must know a family member or have outside of work connections.  Come in as a level 8, Come in as a level 8, come in as a level 8 IF Your Goal is to stay long term.

Company is currently prepping for more layoffs, if you come in now when the vehicle buying cycle is trending down, be prepared for a rough beginning, you will have to work hard (big 4 type hours-no overtime or promotion each year type of life) to earn a higher rating. Next few years, bonuses will be lower due to Macro Economic things going on (tariffs, uaw issues, California lawers coming after the Company’s money, Uncertainty coming from 2020 elections, EPA emission standard battles to come if Democrats take back control-will seriously hurt companies bottom line & this will come out of your paycheck. 

Unless you play politics well, be prepared to be rated average & become stagnant over time (get your GM experience & leave if you come in young like stared above). Also, I’ve noticed (as a woman) that young men, particularly white/asian, are brought in initially with less pay than their female counterparts. This is probably due to the current #metoo culture or CEO, not sure, could just be a legal thing GM wants to cover its bases on. We actually hired a legal firm to ensure women & men were being paid “equally” a few years back...alot of good hard working men kind of got burnt because of this.
Advice: Be honest with employees, don’t give young folks false hope! Tell them candidly to consider leaving if you think they don’t have a chance to progress! Be Leaders, Trainers, to the younger folks so they can grow, don’t get them involved in politics until they are ready & understand the old fashioned nature of the culture. Being older, I hate seeing the “new generation” come in expecting the GM life that their parents/grandparents told them about, it is gone. GM is no longer “that special” to work for anymore-change that! Do more outings, office events, stuff we used to do in the 90’s-we dont have to break cash flow to do a golf outing... Just because we banned smoking on campus & went through bankruptcy doesn’t mean we cant have fun events once a month/quarter-this motivates younger people to want to stay.  Now everyone is just a number.  If you are considering coming from a big finance or accounting firm, you will need to have Senior Manager level experience to be considered a level 8 potential but will probably have more experience in being a good teacher/leader than most 8’s currently here.  Directors-You have the power to make this organization a place that young people can grow, have fun & be proud of where they work, get rid of the good ol’ boys club, its 2019 not 1960.
Pros: 16-17 Holidays Per Year
1 Work From Home Friday Per Month
Benefits (8:4 401k match)
Most people are talented at the senior/analyst level OR director level.
Great Short-Term (3-5 Year) Resume Builder if young, You can really learn the Politics of a conservative style large corp.
If you live in the Detroit area GM looks good on your resume, they do look for top talent.

Cons: Lack of job security and a very limited culture that hinders one's ability  to get approval to get things done.  Need to change culture to survive--a long term goal not easily attainable.
Advice: Find your own best vision and culture rather than following the vision and culture of Asian auto companies. Lead, and don't follow because if you follow you must be number 2 or lower....
Pros: Good opportunity to see a large company function and get along in a highly competitive environment.  Can learn the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats to a large automotive company facing a future of cut throat competition for market share.

Cons: Expectations are for 12+ hour work days, anything less and you're a slacker.
Advice: HR practices are so far out of alignment that the company has no chance for success.  Top performers are not rewarded, under performers are not dealt with, which eventually drives the top performers down to a lower level of performance.  Additionally, performance metrics are not in alignment with company goals, again, driving the wrong performance.  This appears to be a fairly common problem across Manufacturing, Purchasing and Engineering.
Pros: The use of company vehicles is a nice bonus.

Cons: Empowerment has been replaced with more central decision making and micro-management.  Decisions that could be made at lower levels with cross-functional teams has been elevated, thus making decision making slower and more detached from the work.  The outcome of the elevated decisions, however, are borne by the lower levels - - successes credited to upper leaders, failures relegated to mid-lower leaders.  Relative to promotional opportunities, a candidates "personal brand" and recallable performance are considered.  If you don't have a champion to help provide feedback during those HR discussions, you may fair worse in being considered for future promotional opportunties.
Advice: Performance along won't preserve your high ranking amongst your colleagues.  Its important to work perception with higher management although there is limited mechanisms in place to influence your perceived " personal brand".  There needs to be a more formal assessment of employee's potential to perform, desired competentcy match for future opportunties and consideration of actual performance during a relevant time period to create a fair and equitable environment.  Dispelling the belief that "who you know" is now more important that performance is important for GM to retain or attract high potential employees.
Pros: Ability to move through various units for a rich career experience.  GM enables movement between technical and management opportunities and across units, if supported by your management and with good performance ratings.  GM also offers a number of locations for their various units and often.  From an empowerment perspective, the more distant from Central Office a unit is, the more decision makers are empoowered.  If you managed to have good ratings and a good perceived "personal brand", overseas opportunities will become available to you and GM does a good job helping employess and their families to make that transition.  The overseas GM units are very interesting and offer a very rich work culture and experience.

Cons: The hours & monotony  suck the life out of you! Mandatory 10-12 hour days doing the same tasks day-in-day-out. Second shift typically ran from 3pm-3am {not a great schedule for parents}, The plant closed down in WI.
Advice: Continue your valued efforts as advocates and accessible leaders of your department's workers, it's great for employee morale.
Pros: The pay was great. GM's supervisors/management {for the most part} were good leaders & advocates for their department's workers. Time off on "shut down" a.k.a. "change over"...was a great perk {2 weeks paid time-off over Xmas & New Years}. Overall a good company to work for.

Cons: Can be very physically and mentally draining work if you are on the assembly line, poor communication from leadership, No energy to do anything else after work. Work eat sleep, wake up and do it again but a job is a job.
Advice: Implement a better communication process and more positive reinforcement on the long hard over time days and the hot days in the plant when you need that boost to want to keep working with no complaints.
Pros: You get in early and leave early. Good people in co-worker levels. Hard working people. Profit sharing bonus and good health and 401k benefits, paid holidays and vacation time.

Cons: Too much paperwork/complexity/overhead to get the job done.  Some parts of the organization/managers are stuck in the past and sometimes block career development for their own benefit.  Training plan for new employees is insufficient at best.  No HR involvement.
Advice: Reduce complexity of tools/processes as well as the number of tools involved in releasing vehicle software (without compromising quality).
Pros: Great pay and good benefits (lots of vacation).  Very good career outlook for a stable company.  Challenging, and exciting cutting edge work.  Quality employees, management (for the most part),  products and world class laboratories and test tracks.

Cons: Only taking on temporary employees. Most temps have to work for 3 years or more before getting hired on full-time, then it takes 8 more years to reach full wage. Intermittent lay-offs are becoming common practice, in order to handle product changes and market fluctuations.
Advice: Make quality more important that quantity. Make people more important than product. The health, safety, and mental well-being of your employees shows in the overall quality of the products shipped to the customer.
Pros: Decent pay and benefits, employee and family discounts, paid time off plus sick days for full-time employees. Retirement and savings plans available. Tuition assistance is also available.

Cons: Zero secure future at this company
Management don't know what they are doing, one day they hire thousands while the second day they layoff thousands.
VP - CFO is running business similar to how they run business in her home country!
If you are engineer or manager with more than 15 years of loyalty experience, you have no value as they will treat you like a dead horse!
Advice: Fix the company roadmap once for all. 
Enough the hit or miss in steering the company
You should have owned Cruise Automation rather than being under their mercy 
Remove the CULT from the company and treat people fairly in salary as always new employee will be paid 20% higher than old loyal technical one
Pros: Decent working hours
Nice culture for employees
M  Plate cars are available for everyone

Cons: For me, being from out of state, I feel that I can only work for GM doing the work that I'm passionate about in Michigan and I don't like this, big company - just another number at end of day
Advice: None
Pros: GM does a lot of really cool work in various markets, my experience has been that they are very encouraging of providing opportunity to do different jobs to grow in your career as opposed to locking you into a job for life, they pay well and have good benefits, hear good things about working from GM from people who work for competitors

Cons: Long hours, MUST Stand on your FEET anywhere from 9 to 11 hrs a day with a 30 minute and 20 minute break and constance repitition
Advice: Respect your people,  treat them like they are HUMAN and when walking by, pick your head up off the floor, look at your employees, smile and say hello or goodmorning - it doesn't hurt!  Try it
Pros: if you're ruthless, love to curse and not afraid to fire good, hard working people for having to take off to take care of a sick child, then this is a good place for you to work.

Cons: Company is too large if you want to be noticed and advance your career. You need to fiercely compete and somehow find an executive to support you in your career path.
Advice: Management needs to better understand the skills of their people and be able to help them advance in their careers. Of course, it's difficult to do that if you need the skills of your current people but managers are hoarding skills in the wrong places.
Pros: Acquire experience and move on to another smaller company which has less competition for advancement. GM can provide excellent experience to work with global partners from other countries. Training is excellent.

Cons: Bizarre leadership focus too often; inconsistent and frankly too low performance expectations. There are too many mindless bureaucrats within the organization that plod along, working to avoid any responsibility. Too often, it seems like the main objective is to avoid making any decision that might mean responsibility.
Advice: Too many times "team" is used as a cover for lack of individual responsibility and accountability.
Pros: Solid pay and benefits, some good people who know their business. Some of those people are trying to turn the company around, but it is a big challenge in light of the entrenched bureaucracy.

Cons: Most jobs leave you tired after work or dreading going into work. Job rotation is available but most jobs within a group are similar and Coordinators aren't required to rotate with line workers. Kiss your Saturday and Friday nights goodbye as you'll be too tired to do anything but go lie down.
Advice: More ergonomic jobs need to be engineered. An ergonomic board can't work with parts that are sharp, stiff, heterogenous and tasks that are repetitive.
That and for a young person social life is completely awash unless your only friends work at the plant.
Pros: Best job in the area for pay at this skill level.

Cons: Lacked direction
Rude coworkers
DRAMA!!
No one picked up after themselves
Advice: Show your people what they should vbe doing, lay the law down and tell them what IS and ISNT part of their job as described in their job descriptions.. 
Don't allow the ones who slack off and screw up on overnight shifts.. Make such a project for those who come to work after them and have to not only puck up their mess..but also do THEIR job...
If they don't do their hobs right, FIRE THEM!! 

You are NOT paying these overnight ladies to sit online watching YouTube and chatting on Facebook all might !!
Pros: Pay was good, hours were flexible

Cons: Large company with intense work schedule. Global footprint requires flexible working hours and not all groups are able to support that. Cultural challenges across team boundaries locally and globally
Advice: Continue to drive workplace of choice and cultural transformation. Drive to set bar high for quality, loyalty, and financial results. Look to the future and transform the company to be successful with disruptive technologies driving transportation options
Pros: Large company with lots of opportunity globally and cross-functionally. Shift in culture is ongoing for workplace of choice and results are promising. Currently growing and hiring.

Cons: - Very large company with a lot of red tape which can sometimes make simple actions very tedious and inefficient 
- New hire program is 3 years long and you will be on the same pay scale as hundreds of entry level hires around you, some are under preformers with the same salary as you diminishes motivation to work hard
Advice: shorten the 3 year program
Pros: Thoousands of ongoing projects, its is hard to get bored and easy to get a lot of experience with all sorts of tools and technologies.

Cons: I was an electrician there,my only complaint was that when it came time to get parts they didn't have them or there was a long wait time to get them in the plant
Advice: Use more former skilled trades as supervisors.....these young guys straight out of college may know how to manage people in your system but it really helps when you can go to your supervisor and describe a problem and he/she actually knows what you're talking about in other words experience is invaluable in my opinion.
Pros: Over time was a great thing,I tried to work all available,also the profit sharing plan was very good

Cons: Very political &amp; tribal.  Top heavy (Too many IT management and leaders). High positions are based on tribal affiliation and not merit or competency.  Most managers are good politician with superficial knowledge or lack of understanding of the technology.
Advice: Streamline the 20+ VP/CIOs  with managers, superficial architect and organizations  to a more effective size.
Pros: Great benefits. Best health insurance with low premium. 20 days holidays. Flexible hours and vacation. Good career path growth. Cutting edge technologies. Some great people to work for.

Cons: The tough economic times make it a tough industry to be employed in general.  The fact that GM is doing poorly makes it even tougher.  Job security isn't guaranteed in todays market.  They tend to hang onto bad engineers instead of firing them.
Advice: Be more forthcoming about what's going on with the company.
Pros: There are great opportunities at GM if you are willing to work hard and be intelligent.  I get to work on really cool projects I wouldn't be able to get my hands on with other companies.

Cons: You consistenetly made to feel you are not wanted.  Your ideas and efforts are usually have no impact on the direction of the company.  Credit is taken for your work by management desperate to save their own jobs.  Very, very few real Leaders,
Advice: Respect and listen to your employees.  Being an executive does mean youare supposed develop and motivate your employees.  Hiding behing endless closed door strategy meetings 6-9 hours a day does not build team morale nor
Pros: Compensations is fair.  This was once a good company who had some good LEaders that are now gone.

Cons: Overall, not a great environment to work in. Vehicle Engineering TRACK program has changed so rotations are only ~6 months which does not allow you to be part of any meaningful projects. Depending on the group you are in, you are treated more like a student/intern but as an entry-level recent college graduate, you are required to do the 2-year program first. Expectation from upper management to work around the clock, even though they say they are all about work-life balance. If you want to perform well, you have to work at least 50-60 hours per week. Plus, managers move around every 2-3 years so there is very little consistency or support for the people on the bottom. Also, many people become managers who significantly lack leadership / communication / people skills. There is minimal diversity in the company, despite all the publicity that GM is diverse. Don't expect a warm welcome if you are a POC or LGBT+, especially if you work with/in manufacturing. Promotions seem to be related to who you know, not how much good quality work you do. Similarly, if you are a slacker, you can get by for years without being fired. During my few years there, I have experienced layoffs and UAW strikes, and told by multiple old-timers that this is typical and expected every few years.
Advice: Lift up the people doing the brunt of the work. Keep managers in roles longer to improve efficiency at all levels of the organization. Require managers to take leadership / communication training and be evaluated more regularly and consistently. Put more action behind your words.
Pros: Great benefits - medical, vision, dental, 401k, PTO, paid holidays, and flexibility in schedule depending on the job. Vehicle Engineering TRACK program enables you to experience different areas of the company without committing to a single department/position for 2 years.

Cons: -The misuse of the Software Developer title. When hired for the job, they gave me very little information about what I would be doing. They gave me the name of the team I would be joining, but nothing more about the general tasks of the job. I assumed it would be software development given the title, but it was not. The team I was assigned to was focused on IT work and admin work. While at GM, I barely touched any code as a software developer whether it be developing or testing. I feel like this really left a sour taste in my mouth as I felt I was misled the whole time I was there. There is nothing wrong with IT work, however, there is a clear difference between IT work and software development and it was not made clear what the position entailed.
-Lots of red tape. It felt like I was spending more of my time getting permissions to do things than actually doing any work. I feel maybe 80% of the the time I spent was navigating the system to do something rather than just doing the work easily. I understand that big corporations have policies that they need to follow, but it is easy to see why startup EV companies like Tesla move much faster and are able to gain a competitive advantage because of this. 
-Too many meetings. Many times there were meetings set up that could have easily been an email, but a 30 minute meeting had to be set up instead. This led to many team members having their full day just packed with meetings, many of which are general team meetings. For example, the daily standup, which usually takes 5 minutes at other companies took us 30 minutes every day. For this project there were too many people in the standup and too much talking about what peoples problems were during the meeting leading to more time spent wasted if the problem wasn't relevant to you. 
-Too many systems to learn. There are so many systems at GM to learn, an uncountable number of them to me. It seems like every week there was new fire to put out from something I had never heard. In addition to this, there is no documentation on what system is used for what and how to use the system, leading for more meetings needing to be set up and more time wasted of those who have to explain what a system does and what it is used for. 
-Pay is low. I get the feeling GM was able to use the pandemic to hire a lot of students at the salary that they could not otherwise because the job market was so tight at the first couple months of the pandemic. I certainly fell into this as I accepted this position at a salary I probably would not have taken if I had other options. Although I can't fault GM for this, they were still hiring while other companies were scared to.
Advice: Be very clear about what the job responsibilities are for people before they take the job. 

Also, try to cut down on the red tape and number of meetings. So much time is wasted that could be doing real work.
Pros: -The people are by far the best part about GM. Everyone on the team I was put on was super welcoming and happy to help when I needed help on things. I was assigned a mentor who was pivotal in helping me learn the systems and get work done. 
-The benefits in general are pretty good, although with the financial benefits like the 401k match and HSA and relocation benefits all have a long vesting period before you get to keep the extra money. 
-Lots of days off, with GM being a company that has worked with unions, there are nice extra days off you get off you would not get at most companies, like the two days off around easter and a couple weeks of lighter work in the summer when the plants go down.
-GM is willing to help people learn, in terms of offering lots of free resources for you to explore what you would like to if you are in to that, and they offer a subsidy for any advanced education you attend while working at GM
-Work life balance was very good, never had to work more than 40 hours, although did have to work at some odd times sometimes, but not a big deal.
-The overall company is going in the right direction, they have fully embraced the EV future and are very passionate about it

Cons: The majority of the employees there are just getting by. No real excitement for anything. Some people have already retired while still there. You go in do your work and leave. Company values process over outcome.
Advice: Connect employees to the product. Show them what they are making and why it matters. People have worked there for years and don’t even know the product. Emotional engagement means excitement to work and produces quality work. Many people aren’t happy about their work and it shows in the product and issues that arise.
Pros: Pays pretty well. 
Good health insurance. 
Decent discount on car and parts.

Cons: No raises, increasing costs of healthcare, no bonuses, ingrained management behavior, global engineering is shifting work overseas.
Advice: Increase the focus on fuel-saving technologies
Pros: There is a vast area of groups to work in at GM, from purchasing to engineering to R&D. It can be difficult switch from one department to another, but with persistence the change can be made. I currently work in the hybrid group and the work is very challenging and intriguing, it is definitely a good area to be in at GM (or any auto company).

Cons: It is a very large company and sometimes change can be slow, extremely slow.  The cascading of communications can be inhibited due to all the levels of management and how the levels interpret and convey the message.
Advice: The winning thesis for success needs to be clearly conveyed at all levels.  Still too many chimneys and silos that operate in a vaccum.
Pros: This company affords the opportunity to learnand contribute in the many functional areas (design, cost, purchasing, manufacturing, etc) and understand the orchestration of the functional areas and their roles in the total process of the vehicle--from a concept to the making.

Cons: Very bureaucratic.  Do not provide much work life balance.
Some departments / divisions have a terrible working atmosphere.  You can be in a great work area then transfer to new area for a promotional opportunity, and the atmosphere is completely different.
Advice: Need to provide more work life balance if you want to keep your talented employees.  It isn't all about pay and benefits, you also need to respect your empoyees family life.
Pros: Large organization in US - so you have a lot of opportunities for growth.
Great benefits.
Some departments / divisions have an excellent working atmosphere.

Cons: Bureaucracy, favoritism, process impovements and complexity reduction are always talked about but nothing is ever done due to middle management being bottlenecks in the process, no work/life balance, in a lot of groups still "the old boys club" tendencies, same mentality as 20-30 years ago, poor performance evaluation process without any valuable constructive feedback (if they want to promote someone - they will find the reasons, if they don't want to promote someone - they will find the reasons as well).
Advice: Please refer to "cons".
Pros: Good experience to add to the resume, good assignments to stretch and challenge your skills.

Cons: GM will never learn. They pay outrageous benefits and salaries as a way to trap all their employee's. Employee's have been there 30 years and still aren't managers, but you have people there 4 years and are managers. The only way a decision can get made is 8 meetings, 9 managers have to be there, and 120 Power-Point slides. You need managers who actually have people skills and are knowledgeable in the subject. HR is non-existent there.
Advice: You can't just promote someone to manager then move them into another department in which they never worked in being totally clueless on how to manage. Get that level of entitlement out of your employees. Only offer a company car to Executive Directors and above.
Pros: The pay and benefits are really good. Pretty good hours around 45 a week.

Cons: Aging computer systems, way too much paper work, and BIG egos in management.  Half or more of my time was spent scheduling tests in computer systems from the 80's.
Advice: Some of you guys really need to watch your egos.  The second anything goes wrong, everyone jumps to blame someone in a lower position than them, and then those people blame overseas workers.
Pros: Great People, Good pay, and nice places to work.  I really like the average guy you meat at GM.  He/she is almost always a fun person to work and get a drink with.

Cons: Just like most companies, they tend to keep employees who excel in their current role and prevent opportunities for promotion. Countless employees who slacked off, or had issues with leadership were given other opportunities which lead to promotions and pay increases.
Advice: Take care of your employees who work hard and go above and beyond their required tasks. Try to build relationships with the employees instead of using them as pawns to achieve personal or organizational goals.
Pros: Flexible work hours depending on Team Lead/Manager. Employee discount with yearly voucher to be used as a rebate on a new vehicle purchase or lease.

Cons: There is no guidance for the teams in understanding the best practices and measures to take. Policies and procedures change weekly and people are inconsistent with leadership messages. Teams are misaligned and communication is terrible. A large company and a large gap in getting where it needs to get to in the immediate future.
Advice: stop micromanaging and suffocating your teams instead try including and guiding.
Pros: Global company which is great if you want to move around and get noticed.  People are friendly if you just make the effort. Getting involved is easy and there are alot of people who are willing to assist and mentor.

Cons: Terrible management of employees time and effort. 
Constant re-organizing makes it tough to get in a rhythm. 
Work hours are not flexible. 
Work load is extremely in-balanced. Some have way too much some have no work at all. 
Very corporate. 
Claims to be innovate and modern but they are not. Old school policies and red tape often hold back development. 
Very bloated. 
Internal promotions are rare. 
Little room for personal career development. 
Overall compensation is much lower than competitive market average.
Advice: Figure it out. Don't hire people by the hundreds and then not have enough work for half of the existing employees.
Pros: Benefits
You can coast and be fine. 
Easy first job out of college (entry level)
New College Hires get raises every six months

Cons: Incompetence in managers.  Goals not clearly stated to subordinates.  Have not had performance reviews in a long time.  When confronted about new ideas, common statement is this is the way we have always done it.  Resistance to change for the sake of commonality.
Advice: In manufacturing, eliminate redundant layers of managers.  Quit pulling from the same schools unless you want the same results.  Decentralize if you want plants to compete against one another to see who is really the best!!!  
Plenty of downsizing of the "doers", but not one manager downsized.
Pros: New cutting edge technology.  People are good to work with.

Cons: Promotions not correlated to your work.  Responsibility, performance, and skills don't seem to matter.  Even when you are working in a position for which the title is above your current title, the company will not promote or recognize you. Poor talent identification process.
Advice: Make the best product, period.  Anything else will land the company back in bankruptcy.
Pros: Very interesting work, top notch technical staff.  Milford proving grounds is a one of a kind place.  I've worked aerospace and the only similar places are Edwards AFB and Pax River.

Cons: Very big so you need to know how to network. It gets more political the higher you go but that is like that for a little t of companies.
Advice: Get 360 feedback on all of the senior leaders. Many are fantastic but there are a few that need some charm school especially in IT.
Pros: Really great people. Fantastic product that is so much better than people think. Good systems and processes. A changed culture where people have become must more transparent when something is not working. Very global and lots of career opportunities.

Cons: Many supervisors cannot handle the stress of managing UAW employees.  It is very difficult to make your numbers and takes creative measures to attain improvement. The company is also very slow to hire you if you're contracting with them and can expect strenuous hours (80+).
Advice: Consider hiring your old contract workers, there is a lot of good people who've gone through your doors because you could not hire them during the recession.
Pros: A driven company focused on continuous improvement and ready for change.  Non-stagnant and open to ideas and new processes.  Minimal automation allows for flexibility in layout processes.

Cons: I can't think of any cons.  Every company has it's room for improvement but I am very happy to be a part of this company and plan to grow my career over many years with this company.
Advice: Stay healthy, don't leave, we need you and appreciate all you do to ensure you provide a healthy place to work for thousands of talented individuals.
Pros: General Motors is a large company with many facets and opportunities.  They reward their employees with generous compensation and benefits packages and are very understanding regarding the importance of maintaining a healthy work/life balance.

Cons: We are a big company and you have to find a way to stand out.  You will learn to network and use that network to keep your career advancing.
Advice: Keep the focus on integrity, safety and innovation.  You can never go wrong with this type of leadership.
Pros: GM is more innovative than ever before and we are growing our work force and teaching the next generation.  GM offers so many opportunities to move around in the company.

Cons: People will complain about too much work and not enough people.  What I will say to this is that work-life balance is what you make of it.  I came in at 7 and there were multiple days a week I might be there till 6.  Sometime this is what needs to be done to get the job done.  At the same time, I joined a golf league in the summer that started at 3:30 every Monday.  I put a (unofficial)  meeting notice in my calendar I left the office no later than 3pm on Monday's for 16 straight weeks. This is what I mean about work-life balance being what you make of it.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Regardless of what anyone says, the pay and benefits are great for salaried individuals (take it from someone who just relocated to the east coast).  Can you make more elsewhere? Maybe (at a supplier or other in the area). But I can tell you no one is going hungry working here full-time.  I think the density of the automotive industry in the Michigan area will support this for the foreseeable future.  

Great time off.  Also have made a recent push towards workplace of choice which I think will better attract young talent.  Flex time was great. 

For a very large company, I think they do a good job of promoting people that deserve it.  There are always some politics involved and someone will always be in a position that they don't really deserve, or get paid more than you.  With that being said, I never felt like the work I was doing wasn't being appreciated.  

Multiple opportunities for young engineers to move around the company and get a vast amount of experience.

Cons: Beauracracy
Very siloed 
75% of people are praised for doing nothing, and their work gets dumped on the 25% who actually know what they are doing
No work life balance
Advice: Learn how to scope a project and force everyone to pull their weight. SAP team is unorganized and management has no idea what they are doing
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits 
Some good people sprinkled throughout teams 
Good tuition reimbursement program 
Vacation time and paid week off for Christmas

Cons: Brain dead insular senior anagement. Lack of creativity in design of products. The pure arrogance of upper management is beyond compare. Neapitism is widespread, within management and union ranks. That produces the trouble you see today in many forms.
Advice: Wake up! Your slow to move and have little foresight in the U.S. market. I love GM, really and want to be part of a winning team. Your dealerships are GM to the consumer! I have bought 14 new GM cars and trucks in my 24 years with GM. I have had trouble with most all of them. People are willing to accept some of that, however they hate being treated like crap at the dealership. They also like to get their car fixed right the first time. I owned a Tahoe seven years ago, the dealership could not fix the problem and told me not to come back again.  After I graduated college I wanted to go into management.  The way supervisors are treated by higher ups is unbelieveable. Verbal beratings if counts are not made in front of employees, objects thrown about, threats are common....still are. The way senior management wants subordinates to treat hourly workers is sad and regretable. It is very frustrating working for GM. I have seen some very talented people leave and be extremly successful else were. They wanted to stay on, but they were told in so many words they did not have the connections or "have what it takes." GM managers who make a lot of money unfortunately correlate this with intelligence. Some may be good managers, but have little to no leadership abilites. There is little trust between union and management, still. We must resolve the fact that we are partners, and we win and lose together.
Pros: Pay and benefits are unfortunately the only reasons I stay. I have 5 more years and just want to be able to collect my pension and get the hell out of there.

Cons: Most of the cons come from working in the plant (rather than when working out of the engineering offices) - Long hours, no work/life balance, lots of travel, not much room for career growth (most never make it to management)
Advice: Recognize the forward-thinkers and top performers; clear out the "dead weight" to make room for productive, active employees. This includes your severance / termination criteria.
Pros: Name recognition, many different types of positions, incredible amount of resources / access to information, benefits and pay is one of the best in the industry, return on time investment

Cons: GM tends to abuse their best employees by giving them the toughest jobs as their reward for doing good work, since they are the only ones that they can trust to get the job done.  They struggle to differentiate between good and bad employees and treat both as equals as far as benefits are concerned.
Advice: GM needs to continue to flatten the organization because there is still too much bureaucracy in the company to be lean and move quickly.
Pros: GM is a great company for providing opportunities and helping to develop your skills.  They have good benefits and pay competitively.

Cons: As old as the company is I would have assumed there might be several really good processes in place for menial tasks in order to spend time on things that matter. Not so - but this can turn into easy opportunities to contribute.
Advice: Keep new hires highly engaged. More hands on/car interactions to see the big picture. Need to get competitive products in front of all to see the truth on where we stand.
Pros: Engineering projects impact several million people, personally on a daily basis. Full reign to try new things. Limitless opportunities. Decent benefits. Hands on fun.

Cons: Opportunity to grow was limited and depends on who and how well you know people or may be how many years you spend on each level. Very traditional thinking.
Advice: Promote based on talent and skills not based time spent at each level or network within the company. Someone else commented that getting to 8th level is a huge deal and again depends on who you know, very true. So make it fair game.
Pros: Worked in advanced technology area so good learning and decent work environment and work life balance.

Cons: Automotive Services ,HVAC Technician .electrician
Advice: None
Pros: Training at the General Company for Automotive Electric Maintenance and Services          
	Technical Diploma in Automotive Services from the Institute of Technology | Baghdad                                                               


Cons: -Pretty much if you are not located in Detroit or Austin there is no growth for you as an employee
- Atlanta and Phoenix locations are treated like off-shore centers. 
-college hire to regular hire pay transition is a joke
-the bonuses are based on projects, since most of the valued projects are given to Austin and Detroit, the other locations don't get no where close to what they make
Advice: There are amazing employee with amazing talent in all areas, start to realize that and given them opportunities.
Pros: -great benefits
-start with lots of vacations days
-You will find amazing people at the office

Cons: At least in the manufacturing realm, the #1 motivator is fear. Anyone that can't be intimidated is eventually squeezed out to make for a compliant salaried workforce.  Primary measurement in effect is Cost-per-unit: which is silly when you consider that the only lever that can be pulled at a plant level to adjust this is labor (hint: Understaff on purpose and enforce 'casual' overtime). I've worked or Co-op'ed in several GM manufacturing plants, and this is the case in pretty much every one.

Rumor was, my current facility was dead-last of all manufacturing facilities in the Workplace-of-Choice survey in 2015. What floored me was that the 'interview' portion (which used an outside firm to gather anonymous feedback) was scheduled during a week where the plant was in shutdown: meaning that there weren't any employees around other than the select few that 'just so happened' to be in working overtime projects. To my knowledge, we have not been given the opportunity to do another plant-specific survey since.

Arbitrary measurements: goal plans and glide-paths generally don't reflect real business conditions. Most of the Level 1/2/3 production measurements are set up on a weekly/monthly cycle which greatly rewards short-term decision making. This is especially frustrating for a maintenance expenditure: there's absolutely no way to amortize a large maintenance cost (i.e., a $30,000 motor) on a monthly budget. [Case in point: A machine was failing, replacement part cost was $15,000, but because the plant would have been 'red' for the monthly maintenance budget, instead of planning the replacement and purchasing the components, it was band-aided and continued to run. When it eventually failed the next month, the damage caused an additional $20,000 of collateral damage, and incurred several shifts of downtime until it could be repaired. There was no effort to acknowledge that the additional cost was due to a failure to act, because by the measurements it was a better outcome]

Systems that are put in place for standardization never seem to be evaluated for efficacy in a closed-loop manner: the end result is a lot of motion that creates the illusion of work. Sad part is, every time there's a 'critical failure' we manage to add yet another required system on top of the 8 that were already there. Why this appears to work: the fear of having to go through another GMS/5-Why/Fishbone/RedX/Root Cause Analysis/Problem Solving Tool/Diagonal Slice/TPM/Six-Sigma/OpEX exercise causes employees to either avoid doing *anything* involving risk, or to hide the mistake and hope no-one finds out (I must point out that Bob Lutz acknowledges and nails this fact very, very hard in one of his recent books).
Advice: I've seen enormous changes in the way corporate organizations (i.e., engineering/sales/marketing) is handling operations. Colleagues in Warren and Milford tell me that the workplace is drastically better now than they can remember.  The 2020 events, the corporate leadership, all of the top end happenings are unrecognizable from the GM of 10 years ago. 

What I don't see, though, is that attitude and those expectations getting to the manufacturing facilities, at all. But then again, there seems to be a branding crisis where GM wants to be seen as a "tech" company rather than a manufacturer (100% serious: even HR and corporate recruiters are explicitly told not to refer to GM as a manufacturer anymore, but as a tech company "like Apple or Facebook"). If GM is giving up on being a manufacturer, fantastic. Otherwise, get serious about pushing the 'culture change' to the plants.
Pros: Co-workers are great; Amazing amount of potential. With actual long-term goals in place, would be an amazing place to work for. Products themselves can be hit-or-miss, but are usually interesting.

Cons: Almost impossible to get promotions, only way is to leave and come back. The "new" Austin building has been under construction for over a year and half now. Having said that, the work environment is terrible, unless you like to hear construction noises throughout the day. There's nothing fancy or "techy" about the building. It's a warehouse with cubicles and everything is grey, no natural light. No one I know here "loves" their job and it says a lot about the culture here.
Advice: None
Pros: Good HSA plan, work life balance

Cons: There have been limited pay raises over the past few years, even for the top performers.  Also, managers and director level positions are oversaturated so join here if you are OK being stuck at the same level for a while.

Last, work environment is stressful.  The work is OK, but unrealistic expectations from managers who don't know how the job is done will eventually get to you
Advice: Please bring in some tech savvy managers from Silicon Valley to lead large software projects.  Programmers don't have a lot of role models to look to under the current org
Pros: There are a lot of paid holidays at GM, you will be pleasantly be surprised at the number of days around Xmas that you will get off.  Pay is OK

Cons: There are few creature comforts allowed even during down time, like music, using your phone, watching videos, wearing headphones, reading, anything of that sort.  It's made clear that you are to stay at your desk without moving unless you go through quite a ritual to eventually get up.  There are also zero benefits other than free parking.
Advice: None
Pros: At least in this area, the team is full of great people and it's quite relaxed.   The work is not too hard, and good resources are given to you.

Cons: You are required to use 4 of your "personal vacation days" during the first week of July, which they don't really tell you until your new hire orientation, though you still end up with above average vacation time. 401k matching vests after 3 years. 
Sometimes very old fashioned thinking. There are great managers, and there are a few genuinely mean ones who remain even with low annual reviews from their team. There are groups who can give off the attitude of "You haven't been here long enough to be important enough for me to listen to any of your ideas" which can be really discouraging and turn people off to the company.
Advice: Make a stronger effort to modernize management and encourage flexible work in groups that are stuck with traditional mentality. Working from home should be encouraged more, especially without the distractions of the movement towards "open office".  Allow people to transition to other departments without having to depend fully on their manager giving them permission. This is much easier with the rotational program for recent college grads, but it can be difficult sometimes for people outside of rotations to move out of departments that tend to struggle with recruiting new people. Diffuse pressure within the company for blind loyalty to our own products, since being open minded about competition is a good way for us to get better. 
Make employee car discounts better. Stop cannabilizing product lines.
Pros: Great benefits and abundant vacation time. Each department is very different, and the personality of the department you are in can offer completely different experiences. Generally the more pleasant and supportive departments are those that are highly involved in R&amp;D / analysis from my experience as the management of those groups tends to lean more progressive and empowers team members to grow and be innovative. It's really important to meet different managers within the company, and it's pretty easy to do that. If you are a friendly person, people are often eager to help you learn new skills or give you opportunities to try out a field that you are interested in, even if you have no prior experience with it.

Cons: You are just a cog in the machine, management doesn't care about you, no guidance as a new hire, work is work and that is IT! Work from Home policy pre-COVID very inflexible.
Advice: Pay more attention to your entry level employees. I rarely would ever talk to my manager. Even though he would set up weekly team meetings (I'm pretty sure this was only because of COVID though), I didn't have a real relationship with him. I would go weeks without hearing from him. Obviously GM is a big company so I understand not every manager can sit there and baby/pay attention to their employees. However, if GM wants to call this an "College Graduate IT Program", make sure you put college grads with Managers that have the time to actually GUIDE them and help them early on in their career. Compared to my other entry level role at another Fortune 500 company and my internships, I often times felt like I had no guidance or anyone to look up to/talk to/learn from. 
**If you are looking for a good IT rotational program that starts you off a higher starting salary, will provide you with more guidance, structure and mentorship as well as an actual group or "Class" or new hires you can relate to, I HIGHLY suggest you apply to Ford. ** 

At my time doing development work at GM, I rarely had any senior developers or even mid level developers to help guide me.  I joined the team with no Java/Angular expierence, and handed this massive project that was a mess and expected to figure out how to navigate it. Which is fine in normal circumstances, but again, without any help or guidance at ALL (literally there were NO other developers at certain points, other than another college graduate who knew as much as I did...) how am I expected to learn what good development practices in the industry look like? What is the point in calling the program a college graduate program if there is not going to be any guidance within my role either? There's a difference between being thrown in head first vs just blindly trying to figure things out. It was SOO stressful at times when technical decisions or technical problems come up and you only have two new college graduates there to try and figure it out...without any help from any one with more experience.  3 Senior developers joined and left the project I was on, within a 6 month span... and I'm sure it was for a good reason too. 

The technology stack was also just not up to industry standard. I'm sure there are parts of GM that are actually working with cutting edge technology, but clearly not in GM Finance.  The project I was put on, that claimed to be "Agile" and had 4-5 week sprints... Just having standup meetings twice a day and having backlog planning planning and retros isn't the only thing that makes something "AGILE", just an FYI. 

Lastly, the community aspect of GM is just lacking. Everybody shows up to work to work and that's it -- personally, I enjoy a work environment with some FUN or the chance to get to connect with my coworkers on a better level. 

TLDR; if you are looking for a role where you will get the guidance/support a new graduate needs to become a good developer GM is not the company to work at. Save yourself the trouble and apply to Ford.
Pros: Competitive PTO, Good Bonus, Tuition Reimbursement

Cons: Unrealistic dead lines coming from top down who are clueless about the projects/programs that put enormous pressure on the people who are actually delivering the stuff
Advice: Treat your employees at the ground level with respect by hearing them and their concerns and lead by example. Randy and other executives should lead by example. You are part of IT, why dont you write a program or architect a solution? We need leaders who grew technically rather than coming from some gloated legacy organizations like walmart, dells and HPs.
Pros: Strong technology implementation, good product portfolio and good future for the organization

Cons: Executive director level and above are far removed from day to day operations and are not as accessible as they claim.  They don't lead much or interface with the people at the tactical level.
Advice: Get involved with the people on your team, not the supply base.  Be the strategy you profess.  Directly empower employees.
Pros: It is improved from the cold sterile environment of the early 2000's when I left.  Good salary, peers are great.  Benefits are very good.  I'm optimistic it will get better.

Cons: Management does not know the value of the workers in the many plants that service the companies bottom line. The sites are run like a high school and if you are not popular you are out..
Advice: If you want actually value your employees you will honor them for 15 years of service instead of bullying them until they are fired. Discrimination should not be tolerated but in Burton, MI it is accepted and encouraged.  The three shift rotation should be limited to 2 years.
Pros: The Employee Benefits Package and Tuition Reimbursement. The pay is comparable to any job in the industry.

Cons: Still some hold overs from the old way of doing business. The best way to describe the attitude while I was with OnStar was "Not my problem". Unfortunately, I was retaliated against for pointing out and challenging key HR decisions. These individuals are still employed with the company in key positions. 

Advancement very political and not based on experience / talent. In my opinion, middle management was afraid to do what is right. A culture of fear existed in my opinion.
Advice: Flush out the old members of the senior leadership team. No one should lose their livelihood because they had the courage to speak up. I wouldn't mind an apology either.
Pros: I worked with many great people. There were some truly great innovations coming. Great benefits.

Cons: Sometimes we work on systems that are poorly created in random and outdated languages.  Usually get to write them again from scratch though.
Advice: Everyone contributes, not just the people who say they do.  Get to know exactly what your people are working on (this varies by individual team and manager).
Pros: I'm on a first name basis with many of the executives throughout the building.  LOTS of college hires in IT who have joined in the last few years.  Great energy everywhere.  Work actually counts and has big impact to GM's business.

Cons: I really haven't encountered anything so far that I would count as a 'con'!
Advice: Keep up the great work with the culture and transparency.  It is very refreshing!
Pros: I have been incredibly impressed with how GM treats their employees.  Even when folks are arguing in meetings, it is done with complete respect.  People do not talk behind others' backs, and Mary Barra has created a fantastic culture of trust in the organization.  A great place to work and feel useful.

Cons: The reality is you show up day one and there really is no personal development plan.  A few of the rotations were really good and the leaders really supported your growth.  But most of the rotations you show up day one and just attend meetings and are given cookie cutter assignments.  Also, once the program is up, you are not guaranteed an opportunity to join GM as a regular employee.
Advice: Put more structure into your leadership development programs.  Make sure the leaders you are putting TRACK engineers under are capable and caring.
Pros: The whole concept of the TRACK program is great, spending rotations within different areas of the business to learn different parts of the company.  You get to know the people in your cohort really well.

Cons: Too much political drama. Managers hire their family and fri new...people who are early twenties getting "architect" roles which should of taken them 20 years but they are in bed with the hiring manager. It's all political bs. You can be on the same project for a year but your dev lead can change 3 times and each person will have a opinion on how things should be done. And if things don't go their way and the project fails they will throw you under the bus!! It's all favoritism. Current management is doing a hush hush LAY OFF by giving bs performance improvement plans on individuals who have been doing great but they don't want to pay severance.
Advice: Get rid of the incest that's happening within management
Pros: Laid back but almost no benifets.

Cons: All you would expect from a big fortune 500 company.  Often steeped in Big Company Bureaucracy, employees appear to be treated like numbers even though much effort is put on employee development.  At the end of the day it is difficult to move or get noticed in the herd.
Advice: None
Pros: A diverse job environment with many career opportunities.  Pay and benefits are better than many companies.  Educational benefits. Decent medical, dental, employee discount.  Some compensation package including a paid company car at higher levels of management.  Diverse locations around the globe.

Cons: Lack of upward mobility.  There has been a lot of re-leveling lately (demotions) and with every organization change (almost every 6 months) a positive spin is put on it
Advice: Stop trying to sugarcoat bad news, be straight with employees and they will be more loyal
Pros: There are a lot of good departments to work for at GM.  I came from audit before and my experience was really good.  Also, its easy for employees to get their friends and family a foot in the door once they work for GM

Cons: I know  a new college hire that sometimes works till 8 and sometimes on weekends. I don’t know specifics of why but it seems a little off for a new college hire. My biggest complaint would be I wish I was using modern JavaScript frameworks on my team. There is at least one team that does just not mine.
Advice: Keep people on teams they enjoy working on and move others that don’t.
Pros: I started three months ago. I enjoy going to work everyday. I’m new to Austin and didn’t know anyone before moving here. My move was completely paid for by GM. I’ve made a tight group of friends at GM and our circle is growing. I haven’t met anyone I’ve disliked or didn’t want to work with. I started with a lot of other new college hires so everyone is kind of in the same situation. I’ve been fortunate in the work that I’ve been doing. It’s pretty much exactly what I wanted, web development. I know others that were placed on a team doing a job that they wanted as well. I’ve done two in person code reviews with senior level guys and those went well. Teams can change and people get moved around based on a manager’s decision/demand. Can be better opportunity but that isn’t always true. They have a recognition program where lead developers can award points. I’ve been awarded points for working hard and identifying pit falls in the project we were working on. That leads me to another point I really appreciate. Since day one my lead developer asked me my opinion on challenges in the current project. In meetings we get a chance for our voice to be heard.  Overall I’m really satisfied with my first full time job out of college.

Cons: The recent restructuring and downsizing has left many of the wrong people.  They survived but for the wrong reasons.   They are great at "sucking up" but useless for actually getting the work done.
Advice: Continue to develop sales in Asia.  Restructure Engineering and remove the matrix organization.  More of the senior leaders need to go.  Too many never had direct profit and loss accountability and were never held responsible for not meeting budget targets.
Pros: The new GM still has some great products and strong professionals with whom to work.  They can recover if the industry comes back soon.

Cons: First, leadership at the functional level is a mess, at least within Global Business Services (GBS).  Leaders seem to struggle to make and stick with decisions, and priorities change all the time.  Director-level leadership seems incapable of deciding how to deliver on strategy, or if they decide, they are defeated by the portfolio management process.  And the result is a LOT of time and resources wasted on things that never get carried through to conclusion.

Within GBS the relationship between the business and IT is, and has long been, in dire need of repair, but nothing seems to ever get better.  The annual project portfolio the business puts together get shredded every year by the subsequent, and seemingly disconnected, IT portfolio process, making strategy deployment a hopelessly frustrating exercise.  IT thinks it knows the business better than the business, and the result is a loss of control by the business when requirements move into IT's hands to interpret and deliver on.  IT has far too much power, and is rarely if ever challenged by the business.
Advice: Stop being so caught up in Wall Street's quarter-to-quarter view that you sacrifice the long term for the short term.  Layoffs seem to focus on those who are trying to make a brighter future at GM by avoiding issues, while the firefighters become heroes.  Which is better - prevent a fire, or fight a fire you could have prevented?  It appears to be the latter for GM's Global Business Services.  Is that what you want?  Think about it...
Pros: GM has changed since the bankruptcy, and for the better.  Mary Barra is an outstanding CEO, and is moving things in the right direction, overall.  Lots of good people - smart, results oriented, committed.

Cons: The company has really gone down hill recently.  There is too much focus on cutting costs at the expense of quality.  There was a group of younger Buyers in GPSC that recently got the boot while a lot of their work got reallocated to others and management doesnt seem to care.
Advice: GM became a great company by making great cars, not more 'profitable' cars.  I think you know what I mean.  Take GM back to its roots and focus on Engineering, not Finance.  Dont penalize employees with younger families at home that might not want to work from home part of the day
Pros: Love my job for many years, GM really took care of its employees with a generous salary and good benefits until recently

Cons: - Each year the first 2 weeks of July is shutdown period. plants shut down and vacation days are mandatory to be used during shutdowns if the business warrants. You often don’t find out if you will be working or not the week or two leading up to shut down period, each year is different. 
- Old company and old employees make progressing into the new age difficult and slow. The culture had changed little, if at all before Mary Barra came in. The workplace culture is significantly behind most other companies but has shown signs of slow improvement in some areas under Mary’s leadership. 
- The outdated culture is typically shown in management styles, leadership styles, employee behaviors, and decision making. 
- Discrimination is a real thing, most of the company including executive leadership, and most higher up leadership roles in the company are run and led by white males. When women or minorities get promoted into such roles, whispers of “they only got that position because they’re XYZ” start to happen. They will put people into positions that are not as qualified as other candidates based on the diversity of the teams current headcount. 70:30 ratio of men and women employees. Women make up the majority of the HR functions (previously known as secretary positions/type of work) of the company. 
- Salaried politics are worse than UAW politics-- and both are the absolute worst part of working here. Nothing gets done efficiently. You are not trusted to make decisions on your own unless XYZKISG have all approved it. 
- Do not disclose if you have an invisible illness disability unless it is absolutely necessary, make sure to document everything going forward once you have disclosed. ADA, disability and FMLA regulations are not always followed or enforced, and it can (in my case it did) hurt or end your career. 
- There is little to no training for new hires, employees, and newly appointed leadership roles. It’s sink or swim, and good luck finding a life vest. 
- Make sure you fit the mold. Dress conservative. Women- hair and make up done. Make GM your life, so you can get 2 months of work done in 2 weeks with no resources. aka put 12-14 hour days in and than go home and work until bed.
-Terrible work life balance. Many obligatory events throughout the year outside of work hours. 
- In operations/plants there are 1st, 2nd, 3rd shift - you do not get to pick which one you work on or for how long
- If you are a attractive, highly motivated, type A personality, Extroverted, or can pick up on corporate politics - you will excel and do well.
Advice: Actions speak louder than policies.
Pros: Benefits;
- 401k 3% match,
- High quality health insurance coverage for as little as $25 a month + HSA
- Vacation days start at 15 for new hires, 1 year service 18, 5 years service 20 - maxing at 30 days. 
-Holidays; MLK, Day after Easter, Memorial Day, July 4, Labor Day, Floating Holiday between Election Day and veterans day) Thanksgiving + friday after. Last week of December - Day after New Years (roughly 9-13 days) off. 
- Several opportunities for growth / to climb the corporate ladder
- Yearly profit sharing + previous year performance Bonus
- Salaries are competitive and are often far above the median and what other companies pay for the same position.
- The benefits are what keeps people, even if the job is killing them

Cons: arepoint, open project web app in project professional, azure web app testing in production, web app design in software engineering, skype for business web app plug-in chrome, executing tasks: (:app:assembledebug in project), cannot find handler 'app lambda_handler in project, executing tasks: (:app:assemblerelease in project), asp net web api 2 example project
Advice: software engineer
Pros: In this project we will work task by task to have a web app that manages to sync data from a local PC with a host. It will be necessary that it has an OAuth login as well as a timed session which has a dark shade with no time, or locked.

Cons: The current company situation is not good.  GM's financials are very precarious and high gas prices and the credit crisis are dramatically hurting sales.  As a result, the company is embarking on the most aggressive headcount and cost reduction in its history, and there is lots of turmoil and churning in the ranks.  Currently morale is very low due to the large number of retirements and looming salaried workforce cuts.  There will be no merit raises and profit sharing for the foreseeable future.  Our current mode of operation is survival; i.e., conserve the precious cash and hope things get better before the bank account runs dry.
Advice: It's time for more dramatic action to save the company than you are currently doing.  There are a lot of sacred cows at General Motors that you don't dare to touch, but now is the time to revisit them.  For one, start shutting down the nonperforming divisions.  Selling Hummer is a good start, now think about Buick, Saturn, GMC, and Pontiac.  GM's market share can't sustain all of those divisions.
Pros: This is a large company with many opportunities to work in a variety of roles.  The company's transition to a global company is now complete, and working with GM units around the world is a great experience and a way to learn and understand about different cultures.  The engineering processes are common, so now even though Americans, Germans, Koreans, Chinese, and Brazilians speak different languages, they all have a common understanding of the vehicle development process and we can leverage each other's strengths to develop the world's best products.  GM's recent products have been very well received and compare favorably with any competitors out there.  GM employees finally have products they can be proud of.

Cons: Can be hard to transfer to another department unless it is a promotion. Can be held back on a lateral job transfer. Not a lot of internal jobs yet. Could be some great opportunities
 in the next three years.  If you are involved with UAW workforce be prepared for a most bizarre work environment.
Advice: Now that the bankruptcy is behind us you better treat existing employees well or they will leave when the job market improves.
Pros: Large corporation with many different fields to move into. Example: manufacturing to purchasing, supply chain, quality, or finance.

Cons: I was somewhat bored during my time there, I was a younger intern with little experience so this is somewhat expected.
Advice: Intern mentors should have meaningful tasks for all interns, plan for more work than you think possible for an intern to complete you may be surprised by what he/she can do.
Pros: Enjoyed the technical roll I had. I was able to see different parts of the company as an intern with different events. If you have an interest in the automotive field I suggest trying for an internship. Take advantage of your opportunities and explore the company its huge!

Cons: BCBSM is constantly denying medical claims. No visibility into uncovered items like provider based billing even when providers are in-network.  Denies valid claims...just always having to chase something down. 

Process, process, wasteful, inefficient, silly process.
Advice: Fix the insurance claim denial issues.  People can't afford to work here and always be fighting insurance company.

Focus on the real priorities of creating ownership and pride in our work instead of slapping things together to get them out the door.
Pros: Redefining IT so lots of career opportunity.

Cons: Not all suggestions are acted on.  Car pass process is a pain.  On the job training is not available, usually the person you are replacing has moved into their new position, Your left with figuring out the job on your own.
Advice: Smile more, have fun with your life and job. Micro management is not popular any more.  Stop going to so many meetings.
Pros: What is best about working at GM is the variety.  For the most part numerous positions are available to move within the company.

Cons: The "old" GM culture still survives despite lip service about the "new" GM. Work consistently follows you home, got calls as late as 9pm. High expectations even to the point of expecting meeting attendance vs. meeting family obligations. Exposed to flat out verbal harassment during dealer visits simply for working with GM.  Some dealers are great, but many have varying levels of toxicity embedded in the management culture. If sassy, rude, insensitive and sexist comments aren't your thing- steer clear.
Advice: None
Pros: Mobile, flexible, work vehicle, work iPhone, great benefits. Get to work with great people.

Cons: After waiting over a month for my start date, they assigned me to a new and far less prestigious/desirable team a few days before. After several weeks I have been assigned literally nothing to do. They do not hire many developers with Computer Science degrees - instead, they hire students with Business degrees. I assume this is because talented developers don't get treated well here. Moving up is 100% about networking and 0% about ability/talent.
Advice: You're going to lose all of your talented developers if you don't give them challenging work and reward them for good performance.
Pros: There are a TON of college hires, and it's enjoyable to be able to work with same-age peers. The benefits are very good.

Cons: Extreme lulls in workload from time to time. Which is both good and bad. Very unclear avenues for promotion/advancement. 

Can get positioned into certain platforms of work (DBs, SAP, SalesForce, whatever) and get kind of trapped if you don't make it very very known you don't want to be working with this platform.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, people and work flexibility. I've enjoyed quite a few projects I've worked on and didn't enjoy others. You can advance in the company if you focus solely on advancing. Pay slightly lower than Austin Market but benefits are extremely good. Especially holidays.

Cons: They are multiples issues or Cons I can mention:
- Lack of stable systems
- Culture barrier (you can see the difference between levels in the corporate ladder)
- There is no respect on the health of the employee, and you will have a unbalance work style life (get call every night to fix an issue with no backups)
- Toxic work environment (you will see harassment and racist profiling)
- Lot of interns and College hires (hard to get an experience employee to help on the problems at hand or SME)
- After you master a technology you will be stuck doing the same thing for years to come. (plus becoming obsolete in the long run, and management won't help you move forward in your professional career)
- Lower management/ Middle management is disconnected with the higher management. (Different goals and lower/middle management follow a different path from the higher management guidelines)

In the end,  They lack the personal expertise or they won't invest in experience personal to stabilize their current technologies and adapt to the new market trends will eventually be the downfall.
Advice: - Re-organize the management, and talk to the actual people that are doing the  actual work. (but usually they will witch hunt you down if you talk anonymously )
- Rework the policies at hand and how to review the performance of their employees.
- Review the Management and Director with an unbiased view and layoff if needed. (Too Many Managers)
- Add core values to your management staff
- Strongly considered changing the management culture in GM. (is disconnected to the actual market, and value your employees time/effort)
-  Add new audits to review managements, and work that is being done. (Yes, it is happening and they aren't not doing nothing about it)
- Add training to your employees to create new skill set.

Overall there is a lot to work on, and I have my doubt there is going to be any change anytime soon. GM is currently shrinking and the reputation of the cars need to improve a lot.
Pros: Good place to start out of college(until you have 2 years in GM), you will get expose to technologies of the 90, and old methodologies. (No Cloud tech here of what I know of)

Cons: Mandatory overtime six days a week 365, horrible work life balance, treated like a piece of machinery
Advice: It's ironic that Henry Ford came up with the concept of the five day forty hour week because in 2018 General Motors has its plant workers working nine hour days six days a week. Studies have concluded that working over 50 hours a week actually diminishes productivity. But GM is all about numbers. GM doesn't care about you as a human being. When you're on the clock, you are a human robot. Some plant workers work seven days a week with no days off. Workers have to schedule days off months in advance. It doesn't matter if a family member died, if you choose to take a day off, you can be fired. This almost happened to one of my co-workers who chose to take a day off when one of his family members died unexpectedly. There is no vacation time. Other than having one day off a week in Sunday, you have a grand total of three days off a week a year as a new temp. Everyone is brought in as a temp and you can be a temp for years. Blue haired good ol boys who have been working at GM for decades hold temps with the utmost contempt. The work itself is something a robot could do. It's extremely boring, mind numbingly repetitive work that will leave your hands sore, numb and tired from being in your feet, but it's honest work. This job will envitably be replaced with robots in the near future. If you can stick it out, General Motors is one of those companies that will take care if you for the rest of your life. There are people at GM who have been working there 10, 20, 30+ years. But I don't think General Motors workers in the 80's, 90's and 2000's were being asked to work 55+ hour weeks/six days a week year round. Not even Amazon works it's employees this much year round indefinitely. You are completely replaceable at GM. They are always hiring now that everyone wants a big brand new truck to drive like an a-hole while you don't have any time to enjoy your money or time with friends and family. When I was hired they said the number one reason people lose their job is by not showing up. Maybe because most people are not robots and actually need 48 hours away from work every week to stay sane. If you have a family or value your personal time look elsewhere.
Pros: Decent starting pay for a low skill level job

Cons: Financial uncertainty.  Job moves (i.e. different cities) often required for advancement.
Advice: Keep advanced research.  If you really want to be like Honda and Toyota, then keep vertically integrated.
Pros: Many of the older people have taken early retirement allowing opportunities for younger engineers.  I know work in the Powertrain HQ in Pontiac.  There many great jobs at that location. They work on engines, transmissions, etc.  There are now over 100 dyno cells at that location.  If you are a more senior engineer, you get a company car.

Cons: The bankruptcy contributed to the current lack of focus on the people. The bankruptcy also allowed for adjustments in retirement benefits that do not align well to the current economic climate.
Advice: Stop throwing the babies out with the bathwater! Seek to understand individual capability and promote innovation and creativity through embracing diversity. Act in the best interest of GM overall -- not preserving your station at the expense of your employees.
Pros: Throughout my career, I was provided ample opportunity to learn and develop my special capabilities that will preserve my marketability and strategically position me for change.

Cons: I do not have any negative comments.
Advice: Continue to emphasize on quality and people. It is paying off and will continue to do so.
Pros: I am paid fairly, treated with respect and consideration of my personal life. The new GM is more focused and determined, possibly because we were able to get a glimpse at the grave. I recently attended an auto show and as I strolled through it, I was very proud of the products that GM has to offer. The fleet of Cadillacs are awesome and the new Impala is gorgeous.

Cons: Can be difficult to get promoted. No clear reasons why some people get promoted and others don't.  Seems to be more political than anything.  Good performance doesn't get rewarded with promotions, just additional work.
Advice: Be consistent how you promote people.  Provide clear direction to employees and honor your word.  Employees often go around to check the boxes to get promoted and others get promoted without accomplishing anything. Very frustrating.
Pros: Flexible hours, come and go as you need.  Large company with many areas to work in.

Cons: Treated badly, full time hours with no full time benefits, drains the life out of you
Advice: Give use more freedom at least saturdays off.  Listen to the employee to make the line run better.  Convert people instead of hiring new people to work 6 days a week with lower pay and no full time benefits.   Its not right to do that..  make people full time than hire new people to work part time.
Pros: Great pay, retirement plan is great if your full time, long wait of conversion time to be full time.

Cons: Both jobs I have held at GM required working more than 40 hours a week, and sometimes working on weekends. There is plenty of work to go around, sometimes too much. But if you enjoy your projects, this isn't really a problem.

There are some old timers (been at GM for 30 years) still in middle and upper management, who are resisting culture change or some of the newer GM initiatives. Can be frustrating as a younger person to have a manager who is not embracing change.

The company needs more women and diverse employees in middle and upper management. I know GM is making efforts to hire a diverse work force, and its visible in entry and lower level employees. But little diversity in management still.
Advice: Keep bringing in new, diverse employees to the company. GM is moving in a great direction, and we wan to keep the momentum going. 

Continue the culture change and becoming more employee/customer focused.
Pros: GM is a great place for recent college graduates or people early in their career. I started working at GM right after college, and I have had so many opportunities to grow my career. GM offers all employees training, job shadowing and professional development for free internally. The company also offers tuition assistance for going back to school for a master degree (I essentially got my MBA for free). Bonuses and other forms of compensation are available yearly for high performing employees. The ability to move jobs (lateral or promotion) is an option, and many managers encourage rotating positions every 2 years.

There are so many chances to be a lead or get management experience for lower level employees. Teams have so many projects, employees need to be self sufficient and are held to a high standard to get work done. This environment allows driven and hard working employees to shine. I have had numerous projects were I can clearly see how my work benefited the customer or saved the company money. 

The culture in GM has changed drastically, even since I started 3.5 years ago. 
 GM understands that is needs to take care of its employees and made the offices a place employees want to be. Managers are more encouraging of work/life balance and having a flexible work schedule. Most teams within GM make a point to foster a welcoming environment by having regular social activities and participating in charity events.

Cons: Not too many cons to mention, it is a shame that market conditions necessitated the down-sizing.
Advice: From my perspective, I found that my direct Management were qualified and went above and beyond.
Pros: Excellent pay/benefits. Management and Engineering very supportive and helped me through the culture shock of hiring in from the outside.  After hourly workforce turn-over, new workforce was a joy to work with as the realized how truly fortunate they were. When the writing was on the wall, the company took care of me through the separation.  Thank You GM.

Cons: 1. You are stuck in one team your whole time there.  If you suggest that you want to explore other areas, you can get labelled as 'disloyal'
2. Lack of trust, integrity, and honesty from management
3. Decisions are made by ego, not by business need
4. You can get laid off at any time for any reason
Advice: Garner a culture of trust and respect.  Don't make false promises about job security then turn around and lay off thousands of employees
Pros: 1. GM typically hires the best of the best, you can take pride in that
2. Positive recruiting experience, fully informed at all stages of the process
3. Generous relocation benefits
4. GM does a good job 'selling' the company before you join

Cons: Monotonous work.  Way too many people in IT which leaves you to manage one tiny area whereas you could have greater breadth of responsibilities at another company.  Also, way too many meetings that don't add value.  Seems like managers are cherry picked from a select bunch that really don't have the experience to oversee people
Advice: Focus less on meetings and more on getting actual work done.  Encourage knowledge sharing amongst team members.
Pros: GM does a good job of taking care of their employees.  Generous maternity leave, pay raises, and annual bonus.

Cons: General Motors expects you to be available 24/7.  Salary employees can be walking out the door and they will get stopped and told to work OT, no matter what.  A fellow engineer was fired for going on his honeymoon, after he had a signed vacation slip from his boss a year earlier.  I left General Motors after five years and realized I forgot how nice life can be.
Advice: Get in touch with reality.  You are losing your best asset (young ambitious engineers) because you expect them to give their life to the company.
Pros: The General typically starts you out at a higher salary, looks good on a resume and you can learn a lot if you ask a lot of questions.

Cons: Unfortunately, the only voices senior leadership seems to care about are the ones like theirs.  They don't seem to want any diversity.  This will kill the company in the long run.
Advice: Even though you don't care about employees that are diverse....  you need to pretend you do.  Otherwise when the economy picks up, we will all be gone.  Who wants to work for a company where you aren't valued just because of the color of your skin or the gender you were born as?
Pros: Now is the time for GM to be making changes.  Everybody has a voice which wasn't always true.

Cons: There are still some leaders and managers that hold on to poor legacy behaviors, that if not held accountable, will drag the business down and lead to low engagement and losing top performers on those teams.
It's pretty difficult to advance in HR. It's a very political organization, you have to be buddies with the right people.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is getting better at listening to employees and implementing changes to improve employee experience and business processes. Most leaders see the areas that need to change and are actively implementing new approaches to old ways of doing business.

Cons: Too much work not enough pay. Not enough desk space.  Not enough disk space.  Not enough pens.  Not enough pencils.  Not enough paper.  Not enough profits. So now there needs to be more time to think through what will come next and where will the unions end up.  It should be interesting to see how it all pans out.   Never a dull moment.  Never a dull moment indeed.  It is time.
Advice: Listen to the employees. Like the employees.  Put people first.  Stop the job cuts.
Pros: I worked with good colleagues. There is good coffee.  Parking is close to the buidling.  The cafeteria food isn't bad.  The work days aren't too long.  The elevators move quickly.

Cons: General Motors has had to recently downsize the company to reach budget numbers supplied by others (read: cut cost fast or receive no more $$$ from government).  This has resulted in a helter-skelter approach to headcount reduction.  "Zero-based" staffing, yeah, right!  It turned out to be a bloodbath, with many of the "protected" individuals remaining and very talented people being cut.  GM will be leaner, but how will it affect the quality of the product being developed and delivered?  I believe there will not be enough people remaining to do an effective job, but they will still be able to receive govt. money because they "reached their numbers".

The stress level prior to being let go by GM was intolerable.  People were suffering from stress-induced illnesses, taking time off, and under the threat of being let go at any time.  The executive level toed the corporate line when providing information, but of course, it was what they wanted the employees to hear, and "subject to change at any time", as best suited their needs.
Advice: Too late for me, but look a little closer at the people you are getting rid of because you "have to".  I have been in touch with others who were severed from the company (NOT laid off, as the media repeatedly reports - I have no opportunity to return when things look up) as well as people who remain, and there are a multitude of managers and directors who have been ineffective for years, abusive towards their employees (and reported and either moved or it has been brushed under the rug), and they are still being protected and remain in their jobs.
Pros: General Motors has been making huge strides in quality, product and service.  The face that the public sees via the media is extremely one-sided.  Rick Wagoner had been doing a great job bringing the corp. around, and for the past 5 years at least, the plan was working.  Fritz will continue to do the same, since the plan was working before the whole banking debacle brought down the house of cards that is the US economy.  GM allowed me to be creative and provide the support in my department that let me best represent my product.   I was proud to have been a part of the come-back of GM.

Cons: Difficult to voice your opinion and get your voice heard without hurting someone's feelings.  These hurt feelings will slow your career advancement.  Way too focus on perception and formalities and less on the needs of the product and future products.
Advice: Allow engineers to voice their views openly without the fear that they are committing a career staller.
Pros: The people around you are very smart.  The large network of people you develop relationships with will provide you support and mentorship as you grow with the company.  They can help answer any questions you may have.

Cons: It is difficult to advance without getting someone to like you.  The company also doesn't have a program for career growth.  It feels constricted that you don't how to advance either.
Advice: Focus on making the best cars and don't have the vehicles compete with themselves.  The latest vehicles are getting better.
Pros: The best part of GM is the flexibility.  Being a large company, you have a people that can cover for you if you need time off.  The pay is competitive and has a great benefits package with time off.

Cons: Complaceny grows as there is so much stagnation without much upward mobility in career. Top-heavy management structure permits no growth for aspiring young people.
Advice: Recognize talent and energetic young people who have real career aspirations to grow int he company. Do not try to save your buddies from getting laid off or forced-retirement, if their contributions are not enough to justify their fat salaries.
Pros: Work-life balance at GM was unbeatable. Management was considerate of any special accommodations you have to make due to family circumstances. It was exciting to be using cutting edge technologies in Engineering and PD.

Cons: Company does not know how to train new hires or transferee; and management frequently lacks direction and authority given to sales reps at all levels whether it be contract parts reps or car sales reps.
Advice: Listen to and implement what your employees say when they request good ideas.  Allow anonymous ideas to be sent to executives--this will be a test of 'is local management listening or not'.
Pros: Salary and benefits were at one time pretty nice especially if you are in the field with a company car.

Cons: Too top heavy in management.  The structure of management creates a very political atmosphere. Getting to the next level is based too much on politics and not enough on merit.
Advice: As a manager, you should be able to do the job of the people you manage. I would suggest learning at least the basics of how the job is done for those working under you. Also don't micromanage.
Pros: Get to work with diverse and modern equipment. Highly skilled workforce. Have freedom to do what I need to do to get the job done.

Cons: Depending on the group you are hired into you may or may not have something to do... for 2+ years.

Many of us have been idle for 1 - 2 years here. Getting glorified technical writing assignments as busy work. 

The Detroit teams have no clue how to work with remote teams. They still practice archaic "Outsourced IT" methods which put you on the defensive in most meetings. The work culture is still the "I didn't do it, as I point with both hands toward the people on each side of me" culture. 

While we work in "Innovation Centers" when we attempt to innovate and introduce a process or software that was created after 2001, we are told that "that is not the way we do things at GM", or "no, you need to do it this way".

When I did have something to do, the process was always long and drawn out. There are so many places for improvement, however no one wants to hear that.
Advice: East coast IT and west coast IT are different... different ideas and philosophies drive the differences in the regions. On the east coast, a typical IT professional creates a bulletproof process, implements it, and continues to use it... think of the term "Old Reliable". On the west coast, a typical IT professional is driven by innovation. If you don't innovate, you get run over but the competition. West coast IT personnel will develop a process, then once implemented, will look at making that process more efficient, or look at other ways to get the same result with less work. It's a continual battle for improvement.

GM needs to learn how to harness both the east coast and west coast philosophies. There is a monumental potential that is just outside GM's grasp... if GM were to loosen up a little bit they would be able to grasp that potential and be able to create something extremely awesome!

Oh, one more point of advice... GM, your disaster recovery plan is not well thought out. You need a lot more of geographical diversity between your data centers... they are too close. Consider spreading your operations into multiple data centers... one in each of your Innovation Centers. This will allow distributed workload and an application's primary data center can be the Innovation center that is closest to the team responsible for that particular application.
Pros: You can't beat the benefits... awesome 401k matching, 3 weeks vacation to start, unlimited sick time, tons of paid holidays, the week of Christmas off (paid), and good healthcare benefits that are very affordable.

Cons: They tell new college hires that there is "opportunity" for promotions if you're a hard worker but when you work extremely hard (and are recognized verbally for it), you're told that you get the same pay increase and bonus as the people on your team that don't work hard.

Management will tell you ANYTHING to hire you, then once hired and slapped with a 2 year contract they will begin to treat you like trash.

New college hires that come in after you will make more than you even though you have more experience.

When interviewing they promise 40-45 hour weeks but once hired they expect 50 hour weeks or else you will be considered as someone who isn't performing well.

Upper management reeks of nepotism and cronyism.  They are all good friends that worked together at Dell and HP years ago and are hired based on whether they were part of this "good boys club" rather than based on qualifications.

HR tells everyone that if you have an idea that may be contrary to the popular belief on how to accomplish a task that you should speak up and that Management will consider and in some cases adopt your idea.  In reality, doing this lands you in a hole where you're labeled as a "difficult" individual and are treated as a pariah. 

They are very "old-school" in their management style and refuse to adopt new ideas and catch up with the times.  VERY corporate America despite what they tell you before you get the job.

They will assign you tasks to take up 120% of your daily time then slap you with another 50%-60% work then when you're unable to deliver it all by the end of the week (even though you're overworked and over-allocated) they will threaten to take away your raises and bonuses.

Movement within the company is reserved for people who "know a guy who knows a guy" rather than being based off of qualifications. 

Constant berating of millennials.  This is so bad in-fact, that they have classes on "how to deal with Millennials" which basically tell them how horrible millennials are as they brainstorm ideas on how they can force the millennial crowd to think more like them rather than finding common ground.
Advice: Stop living in the past.

Reward those who work harder than others or your hard working employees will find work elsewhere and you will be stuck with mediocre individuals.

Stop giving people titles that have nothing to do with the work they will be doing. (Common tactic here at GM to entice people to join by making people think they are getting their desired position then giving them something entirely different once they arrive).  Example: I was hired for Business Intelligence then assigned nothing but operations and java programming work.  Others were promised Java development and then forced into Cognos or Tableau report building.

Understand that it's people's lives that you are effecting when you lie about opportunities.  People would be more happy elsewhere in most situations.
Pros: Low price on medical/vision/dental
3 weeks paid vacation on top of 3 weeks paid holidays
Great 401k match
Moving stipend (Not recommended because of the 2 year contact)

Cons: Changes can be slow at time. Managers can be a bit selfish and put themselves before product development. Company will preach mobility but does not always encourage employees to learn new skillsets and move onto different roles.
Advice: Help younger engineers develop careers. Current rotation program is an experiment at best. Need more leadership in the hybrid area. Force managers to stay at least 2 years in a current role before moving on.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Good bonus if you can complete your goals and company profits well. Continues to expand into hybrid and autonomous technology.

Cons: I simply am not a UAW believer and find them to be useless in general. There may have been a time when they had a purpose but that time has long since come and gone. The only time you see these individuals is when there are elections being held and then they are suddenly interested in you. Logistics is somewhat of a nightmare, we run out of parts more often than I would like and we do not warehouse anything. Also I did not like recently finding out that come March all of us on second shift would be eliminated. We were told that webworms be hired in after 90 days, that came and went and it did not happen, then another 90 days came and went and still no hire in and no explanation other than "we'll get to you" which does not sit well with me. Then on December 19th they let us know we are being let go....not laid off.....let go. Entire shift eliminated....of course they blame sales, yet they told us in the same moment that they made record profits.
Advice: When you bring people on board stick to your word, if 90 days comes and goes hire the individual in....unless there is documented proof they are unreliable. Just a bit of personal integrity and clarity would have gone a long way with me. Now I am looking for another job because I left my old one for this one and got stiffed. Quit choosing profits over people you can have both.....but you can't have one without the other.
Pros: General Motors is a well established company and holds its own against Chrysler and Ford, they have beautifully designed cars, safe work environment and for me...the management has been decent, no real boneheads to contend with. Great Team Leader and Supervisor and good coworkers. In house gym, cafeteria, ATM machines and well lit work areas.

Cons: No accountability, unable to get different departments to work together efficiently,  willingness to accept mediocre results, management cannot formulate clear cohesive goals and drive the organization to achieve them
Advice: If you really want to promote new ideas and attract people with different experience you need to stop giving lip service to it and actually put management in place that promotes these ideas.  As much as you would not like to admit it, it's still the good old boys club.  Young talent has two options drink the cool aid or leave.
Pros: Work can be interesting, friendly coworkers, generous compensation

Cons: Work is monotonous and mostly done standing. Changing jobs (work stations) is a must once the body starts to break down. Easy to get caught up in union/management back and forth on every issue, big or small.
Advice: Remember that 99% of people want to do the best job they can and to be recognized as such. Saying we’re all a team means nothing if the actions don’t follow.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Union job so, as you gain seniority, you gain security of shift and job preference. Generous bonuses (dependent on Company performance).

Cons: Narrow focus of responsibilities.  Hard to change jobs.  Management not progressive.  Little room for discussion if you disagree with management direction.
Advice: wider focus of job responsibilities.  Make easier to  change jobs within company to provide new skill sets to employees.  Managers should be rotated and / or retrained to be more progressive.  Encourage discussion if you disagree with management direction.
Pros: Provide regular vacation and sick time.  Understanding if you have a medical or personal issue.  Flexible schedules for some folks.  Allow work from home if job responsibilities  allow.

Cons: -Pay is solid but could be even better
-Onboarding process could have a little more training or mentorship
Advice: None
Pros: Interview questions were technical but only about a project that I had done at my last job.  Since I had done the project myself the questions were easy.  I would not expect random technical questions for entry level position. They will only ask technical questions about a project you worked on.  If you mention one, make sure you know it inside and out.

-Well structured and organized internally.
-Competitive pay
-Interview process was well done
-Raises are decent and frequent for college grads

Cons: If you are unlucky, and joined a "bad" team, your life is ruin. Company often overlook regular developers who are actually doing most of the work and would only see the faces of the managers and leads. Can have super crazy work hours and unfortunately, the regular developers are the one who would scarify their time to do the work. Lots of regulations and through too many people who understand nothing relating to your work, making work extremely difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits, good vacation days. Can have great working environment if you are lucky and join a "good" team.

Cons: - Pay is on the lower end of the salary spectrum for new grads
- Team structure and documentation can be horrendous depending on team
- Could be easily placed in a role which you did not sign up for (I was lucky enough to be placed in a position doing actual dev work, others, in a more support role that are still designated at Software Developers)
- Won't have a clue what your actual role and day-to-day is until you start
- Some team members are more supportive/helpful than others
- Vacations are use it or lose it (they do not roll over)
- Not a great place to sharpen and grow your skills 
- Mid/senior leadership can be so-so in regards to helpfulness, but that may be due to being overworked with all the new college grads GM hires
- Not a whole lot of work from time to time, very likely to be sitting around a lot regardless of how much you ask for work or seek it out
- Uninspiring work
- Very bureaucratic, lots of red tape and asking/waiting for permissions
- Onboarding processes is really lacking
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits, 401K, Vacation, and Holidays are very good
- You get a free week off for the last week of December for Christmas and New Years.
- 401K Matching and what they put in for you is really good compared to other companies. 
- 15 Days vacation starting out, and virtually unlimited sick time (just keep your team updated)
- Easy to get in as a new college grad, they have a huge initiative for hiring a bunch of new college grads
- Good place to learn and practice very basic software development principles and practices IF you are in a position with actual development work
- Offer a good relocation package, but you must stay 2 or 3 years at GM, and if you don't you must pay it back
- Raises are good for entry level grads for the first 3 years of employment (essentially as long as you are designated as a new college hire), but the base salary for new grads are on the lower end anyways
- Big name to have on resume

Cons: Everyone seemed on edge about losing their jobs and walking by row after row of empty cubicles was a bit depressing. It seemed tough getting into areas which matched your interests. It appeared that there wouldn't be much opportunity for working abroad if hired on full time.
Advice: Hire back some of the interns who worked for you when you canceled all of their internships.
Pros: The product development environment is fantastic if you're a car nut. The pay as an intern was great and the location was beautiful. At least Milford was. I'd say the opposite about Warren and Detroit.

Cons: GM has many locations in the midwestern US, therefore the weather can be challenging.
GM is working to transition from  the good old boy network.
Advice: Overall GM is a great company to work for and is a place where performance is rewarded. If you are a hard working career minded employee  you will enjoy working for GM. Continue to work to eliminate silo's.
Pros: Salary
Benefits
Work Environment
Perks
Work/Home Life Balance
Valuable experiences with  a top tier internationally respected automotive manufacturer
Driven environment to suceed and to excell in all areas

Cons: GM's finance leadership and CEO are focused on stock prices and profitability and continue to show little interest in the core business.  Because of this, GM continues to lose market share.
Advice: Need to balance all aspects of business and focus on more than just the bottom line.  This did NOT work in the past and will NOT work going forward.  The US taxpayers gave up a lot to keep GM afloat.  Don't disappoint them.
Pros: GM has some exceptionally bright people in its workforce.

Cons: taking on the corporation views without losing yours. so there a WIN, Win for both parties involved.
Advice: Always remember that we ALL are striving for the same goals & the team begins on top & pass down. Everyone idea's are important no matter how small or great. For the TEAM begin on the top first from Management to the employer that make us ALL team players.
Pros: Working with different views & lifestyle of other people.

Cons: You can't take too many sicks days out or you're in BIG trouble. The breaks are so quick that you have to contemplateon whether not you need to go to the bathroom.
Advice: The hours may take up  your entire day if you are on shift 2 or 3 so soot for shift 1 whre as my hours ar 5am-2:30pm.
Pros: They offer great benefits and insurance that covers my family.  The raises are amazing and the vacation time given is more than you can ask for. It's also a nice environment of people to work around.

Cons: GM is a large company so don't expect to broaden your horizons. You will be corralled into a narrow set of responsibilities, and there are no real opportunities for advancement. You will perform the same repetitive tasks for the rest of your career there. Sure, you can apply internally for different opportunities, but don't expect to get the position. These new opportunities are only posted once the manager has identified the person they want to fill the role, so the interview process is a formality for the pre-selected individual and a facade for all others. Others who apply are out of luck unless the predetermined individual chooses not to accept the new role.

My advice to you if you're at GM currently looking for a new role, start brown-nosing and get a manager to submit for a position for you, or look outside the environment. Don't let the "Golden Handcuffs" prevent you from looking outside GM for other opportunities either. They are plentiful and often pay better and provide a better overall quality of life / work life balance. 

No comp time or overtime afforded to those who stay up all night for their manager. The response after a 24 hour shift, some of which is from home is typically "come in as soon as you can." IE that next day after 3 hours of sleep.

Personally witnessed three people develop heart problems after working for one manager who then required medical leave due to his management style, Described by one of them as "a monster".

The environment is rife with favoritism and politics. 

Reviews are 100% corrective, and borderline abusive, so don't expect to ever know what you're doing well, even if you know there should be some positive feedback. If any positive feedback is provided at all, it is presented half handed and disrespectfully as if your efforts accounted for nothing.

Per the title, if you qualify under the ADA as a person with a disability, particularly mental, expect no cooperation from your management. HR will require a doctors note for any accommodation request, and if you attempt to circumvent an HR decision about your work situation with an accommodation request from your doctor or complain about your management to the director, despite the zero retaliation policy they say they have, they will target you for termination and find a reason to let you go. They have a team of atty's that will work with HR to find a way to let you go, and block your unemployment and cobra benefits in the process. Simply google "cobra benefits gross misconduct" for an example.

While my experience with management was terrible, there are very few managers there that are not abusive terror inducing sadists, so you might get lucky. For your health and the benefit of your family, I highly recommend looking elsewhere for employment opportunities. There is plenty of work out there, carpe diem!

Senior management is either indifferent to the atrocities of the managers below them or pretends to care,  then supports HR in the targeted termination effort.

Work Life Balance at GM means you Live to Work. Your family takes a back seat and your children grow up without you in their lives. They will work you to death given the opportunity.
Advice: Someone needs to take a closer look at the management styles of some of GM's managers. They are abusive monsters and I find it abhorrent that the abuse is tolerated, nay, supported by HR. Stop retaliating against people who blow the whistle against their own management.
Pros: The "Golden Handcuffs" or benefits if you will, are bar none, the best of any employer out there. 4% donation to your 401K just for showing up every day, plus a 1:1 match up to another 4%, plus BCBS as low as $280 a month with a 3K  responsibility until 10% copay to 5K out of pocket maximum is absolutely fantastic. higher level of coverage puts your out of pocket maximum at around 3K but costs more in the end, and is better to go with lower coverage level and put the difference into the HSA in case you don't spend it all. Provides the ability to carry over that money to next year. Also a $1500.00 donation to your HSA from the company if you and your spouse get a physical every year.

People there are generally friendly, and the cafeterias and break rooms offer a decent variety of food options and places to sit and watch tv while you eat your lunch, of course there are others there only interested in serving their self interests, but overall, the culture is pleasant and there are lots of great people there.

Cons: No work life balance.  Field sales reps required to work 7 days a week.   Sending reports on Sunday isn't something most want to do.   Pressure from upper management is unending and getting worse.
Advice: Let people have at least 1 day a week where there is no pressure to work.  Use technology rather than people to find the info you need.
Pros: Great people, freedom to do your job your way, good pay, free car, exciting and challenging.

Cons: The oppprtunities as a Black Salaried employee at GM are not good.  Black salaried employees at GM are given low end jobs with no means of advancement.  We are given low paying jobs and remain in these jobs for the majoirity of employment at GM.  Racial relations at GM are poor.  Blacks are viewed more so as manual employees with little to no intelligence.  Black salaried employees are treated unfair at GM.
Advice: To treat ALL employees fairly, regardless of race.
Pros: There are good opportunities as an Salaried GM employee with good benefits.

Cons: Its automotive so there will always be ebbs and flows good times and bad. If you cant stomach being a top performer or else potentially be on the chopping block this industry might not be for you.
Advice: Keep on the current path. The biggest minor flaw is that a lot of the plants are showing their age and could use some updating from an office perspective.
Pros: We are at the top of the food chain. They spend money to make money and everyone here buys into keeping this a first class company.

Cons: Way too political, you are only as good as your last mistake, seems to only be focused on non-white, not straight, not male culture to the point where they are demeaning those who fit that category.  Mary Barra is a joke.  She laid off dedicated salary employees who had more than 20 years, all to save face to the stockholders who want her out as stock price is suffering.  Please don't think GM is a great company to work for, just ask anyone who was laid off recently how they were treated.  GM should not be anyone's Workplace of Choice.  Don't let them fool you.
Advice: None
Pros: Can provide for your family

Cons: Leadership is more focused on work place organization than increasing throughput while other plants are impacted and having to shut down. The mentality is to make the perception look good rather than have the data speak for itself. This has negatively impacted the morale of the organization.
Advice: Listen to the employees. When we explain what it is that we need to do to increase throughput you cannot shut it down because it will take too much time. We are stepping over dollars to pick up pennies.
Pros: Great Pay
Great Benefits
Opportunity for Advancement
Product in Demand

Cons: Poor administration of safety policies
Advice: Top leadership should walk the floor on a regular basis to make sure that the policies on paper are actually practiced. Get in touch and stay in touch with the little man and make sure people are being treated fairly, are  working in a safe environment, and that their feedback and insight is actually valued and used. Over a decade of forced overtime has drained the life from workforce morale and ability to sustain true quality and ownership of effort toward corporate success.
Pros: Pay scale and benefits package

Cons: I worked for a  great boss who actually interested in seeing me succeed. The problem is that GM is a ancient company rife with politics and "old boys club" mentality? 

Maybe things changed after the bankruptcy.
Advice: Tear down the walls and give your young talent an opportunity to thrive. Remove the "lifers" from the organization or, at least, move them to a position where they don't impede the growth of the ambitious.
Pros: General Motors is a global company and being on the global team I was able experience things that I wouldn't have otherwise.

Cons: The public has a negative view of GM and they have been laying people off which has created a lot of worry in the employees about their job security.  Also, they are very smart, but many have been working there for at least 15 years and tend to have a hard time thinking 'outside the box.'
Advice: Hire some younger employees to get a Generation Y perspective
Pros: Some of the smartest people I've met work at GM SPO.  The compensation is great and the employees truly care about their work.

Cons: Lateral moves are abundant, but upward mobility to executive is a challenge. There are not a lot of executive openings for you to aspire to, so can become disillusioned it you don't challege yourself.
Advice: Retire and make room for others to advance :-)
Pros: Company is so big that you have the opp to work for many different functions. Some functions have very dynamic leaders while others leave something to be desired. It just depends on where you work.

Cons: GM does not consistently adhere to its core values.
Advice: GM needs to finish the job of "cleaning house" -- As long as the pre-bankruptcy executive leaders are in power (with only a few exceptions), GM will continue to sustain business as usual. Intense focus needs to be placed on building automotive manufacturing capability and intellectual capital to encourage innovation and creativity that will bring on youth engagement and excitement around the GM brand.
Pros: GM will teach you a tremendous amount regarding surviving and prospering in a changing environment. The experience will harden you and force self-reliance.

Cons: cost cutting is job #1
Advice: need to grow business
Pros: best thing is that it is a large company and a potentially large scope of responsibilities.  Working on IT side in product development was fun since top leadership in this IS&S division was solid.  Product Development's IS&S management really knew how to get things done and drive change through organization.  But other IS&S management, when they are bad, they are bad.  IS&S Operations groups just don't know how to get the best out of people, seemingly not able to drive successful projects.

Cons: Sometimes tough to understand career path, especially if you're not in their core functions (engineering, manufacturing, marketing). Feedback about career plans is vague.
Advice: Be more open with people about how they are perceived by management. A person should be able to get clear feedback on if they are being considered for promotion or not.
Pros: Lots of career opportunities. Seem to be really trying to "re-invent" the culture at GM to be more nimble and more people-friendly. Every manager I had was a good person and a good manager. Very good pay & benefits.

Cons: Opportunities for advancement past a junior level can be limited.
Level is often tied to specific job titles as a template even when seniority and experience can be very valuable
Management can be out of touch with what is going on with development life cycle
Advice: Offer opportunities for advancement to employees with solid experience otherwise you will be left with brain drain in key areas as your more experienced employees move on to seek better compensation.
Pros: There are plenty of opportunities for broadening your skills with lateral moves.
Lots of different positions of varying technical depth

Cons: Would not implement a designated work from home schedule.
Took away employee rental benefits
Certain managers disregard work/life balance
Advice: Be more mindful that people should not be expected to eat, sleep and breathe General Motors. Other than that I'd say keep up what you're currently doing
Pros: Great company to work for fresh out of school. 
Flexible as far as working from home, establish a certain level of trust with your upper management and you will have no issues requesting to work remotely.
Collaborative work environment
Surrounded by plenty of smart people to learn from.

Cons: Different shift operation can be challenging for family. Extremely competitive environment and varies from one plant to another depending on the leadership. Union environment can be a problem for management job. Need a people skill interfacing w/ all different support group
Advice: Need to start looking at Flex job and home base. It should also look at life balance and consider shift rotation.
Pros: Good pay, benefits, provide a lot of developmental training. It is a pretty diverse place to work between union and salary workforce employees with all aspect of cultural and even talents

Cons: Working with the UAW is childish.  The ability to be a manager is taken from you because of the contract is spelled out for every situation and what management can and can't do.
Advice: Look at the talent in the ranks.  Many people do not ever get a chance to show their ability.  People need to be able to prove themselves in different roles.
Pros: Pay and benefits.   Before the bankrupcy, it was a great place to work just for the pride to say to people that you work for GM.

Cons: The only negative thing about working here is that I live in the suburbs of Detroit and it is a long drive every day.
Advice: Keep up the good work!  Since bankruptcy we are on the right track, moving fast, and making a difference.  General Motors is the World Class Leader for Automobiles!  We design, build and sell the world's best vehicles!
Pros: The people here are wonderful.  Everyone is professional, friendly, and supportive in every aspect of life. I truly enjoy my job.

Cons: GM tends to be a market follower, not a market leader. Same goes with their technology. They seem to be one step behind, this includes upgrading software.
Advice: Take feedback from your employees very seriously. Normally, they know more about their area of expertise than you do, so trust them.
Pros: Great benefits and salary. They have a bonus every year, and for college hires, they also have pay raises every year. The more experienced hires will also get pay raises, but not on a regular basis.

Cons: As with many large corporations, the operation is bureaucratic and political.  They do not often recognize the best people for their work, rather the best senior management for taking credit which can be frustrating.  Within product development technical expertise is recognized as the best trait for people leadership, despite the fact that this can often be in conflict.
Advice: None
Pros: Wide variety of opportunity to impact the business, everywhere from product development to product pricing and marketing.  As long as you network you can have access to the opportunities which the company has to offer.

Cons: - Workload can be oppressive at times
- 10+ hours of casual overtime required per week to get the job done
Advice: Add additional personnel to the team to improve the work life balance of the team. Currently there is not enough time to execute test setup, update work instructions, and participate in improvement projects
Pros: - Great teamwork. This team is by far the best I have ever been a part of
- Fast paced environment
- Great learning opportunities
- Large amount of freedom in decision making
- Ability to work both independently and collaboratively

Cons: Few opportunities to advance career within GM. Work environment is not challenging. Management is overbearing and require all time to be managed to the minute and logged in planning tools.
Advice: Stop lining your own pockets and allow some of the benefits to roll down to the younger employees. If you want to hire externally for every management position, don't be surprised when everyone leaves.
Pros: The working atmosphere within the IT department is quite lax. Flexible work schedule and limited office hours leave ample free time. Compensation is on par with the market.

Cons: Occasionally, a corporate policy will override local common sense (e.g., end to full-time telecommuting).
Advice: You are doing a great job.  Telecommuting is useful for keeping good talent.
Pros: The benefits are second to none (outside of Silicon Valley): ~18 company holidays including the week between Christmas and New Years.  Vacation time up to 6 weeks depending on length of service.  New: paternal paid leave (2 weeks).  Amazing technology (autonomous driving in engineering fields; Hadoop for the Data Warehouse).  Great work-life balance.

Cons: 1. Processes tended to be cumbersome. But, under Mary Barra, this frontier is being vanquished with people who are eager to help
2. Currently, in 2019, career growth is a challenge. But, expect it to be for a short duration
Advice: Keep pushing and directing the needle forward
Pros: 1.  Fantastic compensation, benefits, bonus, etc
2. Complex and intriguing projects to work on
3. Want to make an awesome change, you will be encouraged
4. First to affordable Electric car
5. Move to manufacturing all Electric cars
6. Tons of innovation to be a part of

Cons: - Too many meetings in the product design side
- Too much focus on cost and timing, rather than quality and performance
- VERY slow engineering change management process
- Held back at times due to outdated processes and systems
Advice: Rethink the engineering change management process.
Exces of meetings prevents deep work from occurring.
Pros: - Transitioning into a more agile company
- Opportunity to work on exciting projects
- Surrounded by intelligent individuals and many experts
- Everyone is open to helping others
- Open to new ideas

Cons: Management in Austin is horrible.  They are not transparent, they do not welcome new ideas, and they use the threat of upcoming layoffs to boost internal survey ratings - workplace of choice.  Our Austin managers create a toxic environment and rule by fear rather than inspiring people.  The most vocal employees are now silent and do not bother to speak up during meetings.
Advice: I doubt anyone will read this but I think it's too late to make any significant changes.  The clowns in Austin have already entrenched themselves so deep into the company that I think your stuck with them
Pros: I work with a dynamic group of people in Warren.  GM has a great car culture

Cons: Upper management really needs to see what teams and their members are doing.  A lot of favoritism. If you are on the wrong team, you will not get recognized.
Advice: Sit and talk to the team members. Job shadow them to see what they really. Don't judge people by the numbers. Get to know them personally.  Show some compassion and that you really care.
Pros: Vacation, 16-17 paid holidays. Loved my team members.

Cons: Management could be a little better and things tend to move around a lot (reorgs happen frequently)

There are some old ways of thinking the company can truly do without. It would substantially help the business and the speed in which things get done. Very old fragmented processes.
Advice: Most management is great. But some management bottleneck processes artificially.
Pros: General Motors is a pretty good company to work for long term. You'll find good value and a decent amount of comfort working in many of their teams. The culture is pretty laid back.

Cons: Listening to the "old timer's" complain about how GM screwed them gets annoying. People have a lot of sour grapes over GM getting bailout money.
Advice: Try and develop a career path for people to follow. Also have human resources be more active in providing career guidance.
Pros: General Motors is a great company to work for. They provide great career guidance and you can learn a lot. The benefits and pay are very good. You work with very good people, get treated well, and the hours are pretty good.

Cons: Global working relationships cause meetings off scheduled working hours. Different departments do not have aligned working level goals, metrics, and many work flow discontinuities.
Advice: Listen to employees concerns and recommendations to stream line working processes.  Help other departments to engage in a common goals. Understand working level employees responsibilities in order to help forecast pitfalls.
Pros: Flexibility to perform responsibilites, be creative, and work hours.  Responsibilites are high along with expectations on performance.  Great place to develop your career into different areas to branch out.

Cons: Pure politics -- the only thing that matters is who knows you and likes you (not about how good of a job you do). Hard to get global assignment. Still many old GMers that are holding the company back.
Advice: Cut out the politics, focus on getting better IT systems, minimize the impact of old timers on the company. Get more people like Mary Barra.
Pros: Pays very well, company has a big impact on the world, global company can mean global experience, experience here is well-regarded by smaller companies looking to grow

Cons: Salary is below average. Work sometimes is hard to find. It's also difficult to advance your career.
Advice: Austin is very expensive to live in so better pay goes a long way. If you pay your employees below average pay, you will get below average employees.
Pros: Job is nice and not too stressful. Location is great since you don't have to pay ridiculous downtown austin prices. The work you do typically has meaning, and you aren't given busy work. The people are all different age groups, and there are a lot of different jobs here.

Cons: Temps are laid off around Christmas shutdown to avoid having to give them holiday pay. If they happen to get called back, they have to start their time and pay all over. Temps also do not get the same treatment as permanent employees but are expected to work harder than them and make no mistakes.
Advice: Management should stop taking advantage of there temporary workers. No one should have to work 2 to 4 years to get hired in.
Pros: Decent pay compared to other assembly jobs in the area. There is not a lot of mandatory overtime.

Cons: Slow moving and old feeling! Not a bad thing, but its also not a place filled with passion or excitement! This is both a pro and a con depending on the person I suppose.
Advice: From my little window into the company, everything was pretty great! Keep hiring college students!
Pros: General Motors was a great place to go right out of college! I accepted a position as a software developer and ended up working in Computer Aided Engineering applications within the GPD area.Flexible hours, reasonable expectations, and a great place to learn.

Cons: They shorted me over $300 for 2016 employer contributions.....Call clueless Fidelity.....they have no answers.....Fidelity acknowledges they shorted me
The reason I have an employer 401k contribution? GM refuses to continue my Gm Pension because  I was employed with Delphi for 10 years when it went bankrupt...even though I have 23 years with Gm for a total of 33years seniority as a journeymen electrician........still working for a GM CCA  parts operations.
Advice: Pay up deadbeats...........Or please inform Fidelity (The ones that are supposedly managing my 401k) what the problem is and what you are doing to resolve this issue
Pros: The 2015 GM UAW Contract states they will make a 6.4% employer contribution to my 401k based on my 40 hour wage

Cons: Definitely has some big company pains (Waiting for people to do things, restrictions on technologies, etc.) 

Lack of accountability makes people slack off a lot or push their work to someone else with that "not my job" mentality.

Get moved around a lot based on higher ups, your voice is small here most of the time.  

Experience is completely team based.
Advice: Keep pushing for what you are pushing for. The programs implemented in the last year is taking the IT department in the right direction.
Pros: Good opportunities and a great community to work with.

Cons: Lot of time wasted between departments to get direction. Wish there was a more efficient way to communicate and to be more efficient as an Engineer.
Advice: Invest on higher quality parts that will have less warranty issues in the future. Customer will appreciate that !
Pros: GM has its vision locked in for the future of mobility and the customer is at the center of everything we do. Priority to keep them safe. Exterior and Interior design has improved drastically and it’s exciting for the future.

Cons: I’m not sure how to phrase ‘incompetent psychopaths’ without sounding jaded so I won’t try. If you like working for executives with the skills and vision of such creative giants as Dell and HP this is the place for you. The Detroit guys treat the IT people with disdain and would prefer their old budgets and agencies come back.  There is no innovation in innovation centers, it is just old GM business owners barking ideas (mostly bad) down at IT.  You need to join the coffee club to drink coffee.
Advice: Your 3 year marks are coming up, take your 401k packages and get some real IT leadership in there.
Pros: Many good workers, and colorful paint.

Cons: High turnover of under 2 yr employees. Branches are run at minimum staff which can impact manager stress and vacation time options for all branch employees.
Advice: Adequately staff branches and stick to the initiative for the long term. Promote part timers into full time rolls sooner to reduce loss of good employees to full time jobs elsewhere.
Pros: Lots of flexibility in how you acheive your goals/run your business. Not micromanaged. Fair pay (a little low to start), salary can be quite competitive if you are good at the job.

Cons: No major cons, nice place to start your career for new college grads. Work/Life Balance can get tough depending on your project but you'll find that at any company.
Advice: Advice to Management would be to keep teams aligned properly and ensure all pre-work is done thoroughly for projects. Look at the big picture, from an end-to-end perspective to make sure nothing is missing and all steps are completed properly.
Pros: Great work environment, a lot of collaboration between teams, good training for new hires. Great benefits

Cons: Again the pay could be higher but again to be fair its really not bad. The roles in the job are fairly niche as well so your skill is improved in a very specific set of jobs.
Advice: I would ditch a lot of the training courses that are a bit outdated and not really relevant to the job you're there to do.
Pros: They pay isn't the highest in the industry but it's very good for a new college graduate with a fairly low stress environment

Cons: * There are no company wide outings or "thank you" parties, not even during Christmas time
* Coffee is not free
* Management is pretty poor
* Due to being in a large company, GM has a lot of processes, it is extremely difficult to get the approval to use a  framework or library
* What we do use as far as frameworks  and libraries are years behind
Advice: NA
Pros: * Very difficult process to get fired
* Great health benefits
* Excellent vacation day package
* We get more holidays than most companies

Cons: To many old people slowing the work flow to take advantage of overtime.  They also teach younger workers old paradigm of bigotry, sexism and nepotism.
Advice: Believe women and POC who call out old men, their relatives and their cronies and not dismiss any other minorities call to attention to harassment and intimidation.  HR should also not say something to the tone of "It is all hear say and nothing can be done."
Pros: It is a very creative work place.

Cons: - No free food or drinks (I don't see this as a con, but others might)
Advice: Managers and HR are very responsive to work place harassment and do their best to live their own company values.
Pros: - Excellent work environment
- Laid-back work place with good work life balance
- Amazing benefits including dental, vision, and health with life insurance
- Opportunity to move around within the company and get experience in a wide range of areas
- Professional workspace
- Work friendly for women in tech
- Employee discount on new vehicles
- Great 401k investment/matching

Cons: Managers
Managers
Managers
Will not promote you
The new ev hummer
Advice: Be better. If your employees are better than you at your own job (and you know the ones that are) step down and let the big boys take over. Go to sleep because you are only ruining the brand. Admit when you can’t handle the big leagues, demote yourself, let the pros make the most money. We will hold your hand and run you back through the process so maybe you can hang again one day.
Pros: Money
Trucks
Good brand
Corporate is alright
Good trainers

Cons: The only real downsides I can think of is career progression. It can be difficult to move up based solely on merit in your current role. Either you need a random event (someone else leaving) to backfill, or you need to move around the company every few years to keep from staying still.
Advice: Make performance based level increases more available, regardless of time at the company.
Pros: Smart people, good management, interesting projects. Proving grounds are a great environment too. A lot of the old school mentality left during the layoffs.

Cons: 6 days a week mandatory where i worked in Texas. That varies from plant to plant. Hard to get Vacation when you want it unless you have really high seniority. The work is hard on the body and is repetitive.
Advice: Under stand that your line workers are people too and could use a break once in a while . 6 days a week for the past 7 years burns people out
Pros: Good pay and really good benefits such as health care etc. Good union negotiated pay and conditions.

Cons: Employees are always jockeying to be in the spotlight for upper level management attention ; Benefits - Average ; Layoffs are cut-throat with a focus on management targeting their least favorites &amp; HR zeroing in on the higher cost employees based on wages &amp; benefits - namely older workers - mostly male that fit a demographic with no legal discriminatory recourse.
Advice: Cut the layers of management and empower employees to do their jobs.  Stop the back-stabbing and reward hard-working employees.
Pros: New Technology Exposure ; My direct co-workers were fun, helpful &amp; loyal. Watch out for those in adjoining departments and don't expect your manager to have your back.

Cons: Because GM is such a large company, every year you are expected to strive harder, and work longer days than previous just to remain in consideration for an advancement that may never come. Unfortunately, combined with the constant squeezing of program timelines your work/life balance often strays towards the work bookend.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a large corporation with good medical and a diverse array of job opportunities. Overall the company believes in a proper work/life balance, a focus on customer safety, and being a friend to the environment.

Cons: Not much interdepartmental cooperation

Those that can get things done get to do it all, while those that can't sit back and watch those that can (and still get paid)
Advice: Please get rid of the non-performers.  Fix things when they are broken.  Stop squabbling about spending five cents per car to fix a problem when the car sells for $50,000.
Pros: Rich heritage and lots of talent were once the reasons to work there, now that everyone has been given early retirements, or dismissed, there has been a great brain drain.

Cons: The shear magnitude of the company poses several problems. The approval process to get anything done is typically absurd. Competitive and sometimes opposite of team-oriented  atmosphere. Focusing on the customer is far from reality. This cultural shift constantly discussed within the company is simply not happening (or happening quickly enough to make any real difference).
Advice: Actually change the new GM.
Pros: Great compensation, career growth and movement is encouraged and fostered, professional work environment, innovative, environment that fosters autonomy and personal accountability, tuition assistance (up to 100% with certain programs).

Cons: Engineering, accounting, manufacturing, testing, development, validation, etc., processes and procedures are inadequate, incomplete, disjointed, ignored, non-existent, out-dated, not communicated adequately,...
Poor sense of community, comraderie, commitment to company and co-workers, indifference from management, lack of trust and confidence going both ways.
Advice: Get rid of this matrix management style that it took 14 years to stumble into, nobody knows who owes what assignment, hand-offs are dropped, much shuffling, much information and time is lost, many errors are made on changing assumptions and talent.
Pros: Make some adequate products, sometimes get it right. Some good job and advancement opportunities. Lots of different areas and people to get involved with. Good paycheck.

Cons: The portability of plans is somewhat rigid even though its consistent with more broader national plans (such as HSA's) where the funding model should be made more available.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are very comprehensive for medical/dental/vision and based on the large size of the group, the individual and family rates are very competitive to large and small companies.  The out of pocket premiums are reasonable versus employee-pay-all plans.  The addendum benefits such as LTD or STD are included without extra financial commitments by the employee after limited amount of service time

Cons: The travel is very helpful, as mentioned above.  However, extensive travel can cause problems at home if you should have children in school.
Advice: The advice to management would be to consider a persons family life when extended travel assignments are being arranged for the engineering staff.
Pros: Very interesting work.  Travel to different plants, and vendor locations, provide insight to the business operation.operation.  This part of the job is very helpful to performing an engineers assignment in the home plant.

Cons: HR trains their leaders to manipulate their way around the age factor.  23-29 y.o. will go far in 3-years.  If you are over 40, watch out.  'Older employees'  experiences are worthless.  They load you up with work, have antiquated systems and you will be told the newly hired graduate does a better job, knows more and works harder.
Advice: No one will say what is crystal clear:  age descrimination.
Pros: If you don't mind that you are hired based on your age, or have a relative working here, It's great.

Cons: My bad luck I ended up joining one of the most toxic groups in my 25-year carrier. The manager hired and promoted people who spoke his native language, knowingly delivered software with fake test cases that went to production vehicles.  When I bought up these issues, the upper management would not investigate the manager. I resigned  because I had it. Also, keep in mind if you resign and take their package (two months of salary) you cant work for GM or any GM-related companies rest of your life.
Advice: 124 people died while you guys covered up the ignition switch issue,  The culture of cover-up need to stop.
Pros: Good pay, Vacation Days, Easy Work

Cons: The only way to get hired into General Motors is to know someone already working there which keeps the community in which they are situated at a stand still until someone you know is hired.  Some of the lines are too far from the cafeteria so you don't have the ability to go and get hot food but you learn to deal with it.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors offers a nice salary;  bonuses when they make a profit;  good shifts;  really good benefits.

Cons: Miserable atmosphere since many very talented coworkers left in layoff
The best and hardest workers were sucked up by layoff while lazy workers remain
8th level managers are unfriendly now since they may be demoted
Leadership is putting all of their eggs in AV and BEV baskets
Office seating environment very noisy and unproductive
Desired culture/values not in alignment with how great employees were let go 
Workload increased too much when lost people
Advice: Get new Executive Leadership team replacing CEO and staff...decisions of focusing heavy resources AV and BEV is detriment to other programs.  Laying off great workers when company is thriving makes no sense
Pros: Benefit package is good, including vacation
Drive close to home
Decent salary

Cons: Work is constant; not much time to learn even during personal time because there is much work to do. That means off hours, weekends, etc.
Management tend to focus on metrics that are not fully indicative of the quality of services rendered.
Advice: Determine metrics that accurately measure the quality of the work performed and establish goals around these measurables.
Pros: Management allow you to do job without much interference allowing you the freedom to be creative, innovative.
You can occasionally work remotely for personal reasons such as appointments or to take a delivery,

Cons: -not that efficient, like most big companies.
-career development for new hires is not good. you are on your own, most time.
-projects are moving slow, and many people are doing the same thing separately not collaboratively.
Advice: get more focused on building great cars, not the promotion metrics and looking-good results
Pros: - big company so you have much to learn or break, like technical things, management and leadership...
-you can easily shine if you are talented enough and work hard at RnD.
-Benefits package is great...people at RnD are very nice

Cons: Poor promotional opportunity, most of the company had a traditional 30 year career mindset, difficult to get noticed in certain positions, some parts of the company work in a silo. Some positions are too process oriented that will drive engineers away. Engineering is being forgotten.
Advice: Try to understand the passion that drives some employees so the mundane routine of the auto industry does not shatter dreams.
Pros: Forward thinking upper management, good salary, good bonus, good job security, importance given to diversity and employee work/life balance

Cons: Lack of diversity in the Communications team. All male leadership team with a predominantly female workforce. Male leaders are chauvinists and totally inappropriate with the junior female staff. One particular male leader yells at and berates his staff while not actually doing any work himself -- and he is supported by the President of the company and allowed to continue to behave badly while a female leader was separated from the company for less serious behavior. The boys club is alive and thriving under Mary Barra's leadership. Don't be fooled by her very polished media presence, she and her female HR leader are not actually doing anything meaningful to change the culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation, interesting and challenging work

Cons: Pay is under competitive for college hires. The ratio of seniors to college hires is very low and in many cases mean no mentorship and/or over worked.
Advice: When your employees kept pushing through the pandemic and adjusted against all the odds in order to keep delivering the requirements. The lack of leadership and flexibility to allow them to work remotely after proving themselves is a dealbreaker for many.
Pros: Great place to start practicing your software skills, coming right out of collage. The environment is great for collaboration and innovating in new features.

Cons: Sinking ship.  Highly bureaucratic, which can be frustrating.  Executive pomposity, arrogance and internal blame games.  The politics can be vicious.  Long term industry prospects are not good.  Exec bonuses cancelled and salaries cut, which may take some time to recover.
Advice: Avoid business decisions based on gov't pressure (eg. domestic small car production program, plant closure decisions).
Pros: Experience with large, global, matrixed company.  International opportunities.  Employee vehicle program, benefits are still good.  Comp has been historically good, though has suffered as late.

Cons: The government taking over the company and management has really shaken things up and made things a lot more shakey.  People dont buy american enough so Toyota and foreign automakers offer better pay and benifits.
Advice: Good job treating employees fairly and providing bonuses and EVP money for hard working employees, Time off at the Holidays is a great reason I keep working here.
Pros: Great employee relationships, good time off and benifits, Good 401K and stock options (even though the BK wiped out my common stock shares).  Overall I like working here

Cons: GMAM could be a great career for a financial professional.  However they must realize that GMAM's only true client is General Motors.
Advice: Very much like all reviews I have read.  Management wants open and honest employees, employees want open and honest management
Pros: GMAM is a great place to work if you fill certain requirements.  The firm is very goal oriented, and is the right place for an individual who understands how they fit in with the corporate culture that is dictated by Detroit, and not NY.

Cons: 1.) Outsourced training, which was effectively worthless for my job.
2.) Minor enhancements team was in disarray, took several months to get a website csv parser to production.
3.) Many hires, new and old alike did not know what they were doing.
4.) Higher management may be overly ambitious with their overhaul.
Advice: The office culture was fine, people had a very laid back attitude, and were fairly social for each other. But, I feel that they were more interested in talking than doing. Training program should be reconsidered, it is a time consuming waste for anyone that has a slight clue of what they are doing. My case may have been atypical.
Pros: 1.) Good benefits
2.) Large relocation bonus
3.) Good pay for Austin, TX.

Cons: Considering the sheer size of GM causes lags in getting things approved/accomplished. Lack of career direction. Warren Tech Centers looks as though we are in 1950's.
Advice: Conceptualize a career planning road map for employees
Pros: Flexibility, challenging work tasks, learn something new everyday, usage of the latest and greatest technology set. Ability to drive a new car four times a year. Great benefits, even better 401K plan and very competitive salary/bonus structure. All the software development training one could ever ask for along with a hefty tuition reimbursement package!

Cons: Good luck trying to get direct employment with this company. So many people have quit and went off to better paying jobs. Getting direct is so rare in that facility. I have a 4 year degree and was a team leader who did perfection work.. but still had to leave due to no long term employment.Management is so incompetent and blind on what really goes on there. Good luck to you. Everyone leaves this place after time.
Advice: Direct employment is so far and few. Management is incompetent and sloppy. You really need to open your eyes up and see whats really going on and how quality is just suffering.
Pros: Awesome facility and equipment. Its paid training for a new company.... a new & better life.

Cons: Very very big organization. Can feel lost in the shuffle sometimes. Endless cube farm in the larger buildings, with confusing layout.
Advice: I approve. I wish that there was more emphasis on less meetings and more doing. It seems like you just go from meeting to meeting all day with almost no time to get things done.
Pros: Very friendly, great work-life balance. Lots of opportunities to advance. The campus is very nice with many green spaces.

Cons: Management is a joke here.  It's basically Middle School.  Only the "cool" people get promoted.  It's extremely catty.  I can't believe this is 2015 United States and not 1950.
Advice: Your employees have no respect for you because they know their job performance means nothing, it's all about "who you know".
Pros: Get to work with many different suppliers and their employees.  Every project is slightly different so the work is not monotonous.  Very interesting to quantify waste elimination dollar value.

Cons: The hours were horrible. Nine am to nine pm was not very exciting. My days off were always during the weekday when everyone else was working. Constantly on the phone and having to return to work on days off to take care of customers or you lose half your commission.
Advice: Actually try talking to your salesmen and don't treat them like garbage.
Pros: The pay was good. It was nice to be rewarded for the effort that you put in. I made a lot of friends and created some very loyal customers.

Cons: Institute leadership development programs for all rather than a select few new hires.  Treat all employees equally in that regard, and continue to help everyone with a roadmap for advancement.
Advice: Continue moving GM forward to a bright future!
Pros: Mary Barra and her leadership team are doing an outstanding job of leading GM into a successful future.  The implementation of the Achievers program along with the culture change is really reaping benefits!

Cons: Constantly under pressure due to unstructured changes in the organization. "Efficiency" means cut and headcount reduction. Most objectives are just to meet metrics, not main goals. Everyone covers for themselves, does not matter if another area is burnt. Constant changes, like whack a mole organization.
Advice: IT needs to focus on the main objectives.  Not just shuffling to meet metrics. Leaders that do not perform should be eliminated. Frequently performers are not promoted. All actions done were what's the most convenient, not the most "right" action.
Pros: Benefits are good and generous

Cons: A lot of bureaucracy and processes to follow.  A lot of the local managers have been promoted from within and have not been strong leaders.  You see a lot of managers being moved around every 6-12 months here which I have never seen before.
Advice: Stop playing favorites, promote the most qualified people regardless of where they are and what sports team they support
Pros: The insurance benefits are pretty comprehensive.  Medical, dental, life insurance, and LT Disability included for highly discounted rates

Cons: Middle layer management know nothing about technical work and they are not qualified for those positions. For example, an algo engineering manager may have never opened Matlab in his whole career. A software manager may have never write one line of code.
Advice: Good technical people who are truly contributing to the company's success are leaving. Middle layer management who only does the talking are staying . Culture change!
Pros: Well established development process, good benefits, flexible hours

Cons: The following are the Cons of working at General Motors:
1. Pace of work is slightly slower than my previous companies (Technology Consulting and Technology Investment Banking) and hence career growth could be gradual - although there are a few who have ascended the corporate ladder at a staggering speed.
Advice: Not Applicable
Pros: The following are the Pros of working at General Motors:
1. Competitive compensation
2. Amazing benefits - 401K match, health insurance etc.
3. Great work life balance
4. Culture supportive of growth, innovation, diversity and inclusion
5. Trustworthy and fair senior management

Cons: Lots of tiers of management and oversight.  Lateral movement of upper management leaves little room for advancement and watered down base of expertise.
Advice: Management should have a focus on creating BOTH well rounded vehicle level engineers as well as focused commodity experts. There seems to be little career direction one way or another.
Pros: Always working on improving the automotive landscape through innovation and safety focus. Many great managers capable of and looking to develop subordinates. Terrific benefits and compensation.  Casual work environment with challenging issues.

Cons: Not a great home life, they will promise you to be hired in. We were promised hired within 2 weeks. It’s been a year and a half and they continue to strong everyone along.
Advice: Hire in the manpower needed to run the plants instead of constantly using temps and leaving us with a skeleton crew. With so many retiring there is no reason not to other than corporate greed. Overall morale is low and the majority hate the place due to how it’s being ran now. We are tired of being consistently understaffed and we obviously need the help. Be a company people want to work for and actually hire the temps in
Pros: Guaranteed hours, will get plenty of overtime

Cons: The automotive industry as a whole is on the downside.  GM is in extreme costcutting mode, that is trickling down to everyone.
Advice: Let's focus on building cars and trucks that people want to buy instead of focusing on cost cutting and downsizing.  If you provide must buy cars, you will make money no matter what the greater economy is doing.
Pros: I think that General Motors pays pretty well.  GM is a large company that has a variety of opportunities.

Cons: Slow growth, needs to conquer more affluent customers who are willing to pay more for their cars and trucks.  There are some areas in the portfolio that need to be filled in order to maximize market share and revenue.
Advice: Do not shy from facing problems, admit mistakes and do not repeat them
Pros: New products are very competitive and well positioned in the market.  Pricing is very good and incentives are attractive to younger buyers on a budget.  New pick ups should do well in an improving market.

Cons: some of the challenges of working here are working with a lot of different people. different people brings many different attitudes which in terms causes more conflicts. they also have mandatory overtime on the weekends which may interfere with a lot of peoples plans
Advice: the management could do a better job at helping the union secure more jobs for the temps
Pros: best reasons to work there are their benefits, and profit shares. The can do a little better on their minimum wage but overall there a good company

Cons: Being a large company comes with its share of downsides. As an employee, you could very easily be forgotten and lost in the shuttle if you do not know exactly what it is you want out of you career. My piece of advice is to network as much as you can.
Advice: From numerous conversations with current and former employees, there appears to be consensus that upward reviews are long overdue.
Pros: GM is a global company with virtually hundreds of career paths to chose from.

Cons: Old school product methodologies in IT.  Focused more on waterfall development methodologies hindering go-to-market product or platform releases.  Old School IT and not recommended for those wanting startup experience.
Advice: none.  Depends on the department and team you work with.  Career path talk is necessary as well as collaborating with a team which mgmt is realizing but team fail to struggle with adoption.  With technology this is 2016 not 1985 in IT.  Change is recommended.
Pros: Nice place to work.  Pay around market range.

Cons: With a company this large you cannot avoid encountering a bad apple or two. Some people are stuck in the "I will do the bare minimum to get by" attitude.
Advice: Management should strongly consider improving the employee car purchase and lease benefit.  Make it a no brainier to drive a GM car. I don't think the current benefit meets that criterion.
Pros: GM allows a flexible schedule, lots of holidays and vacation days, and better pay than my previous employer. Most people have a good attitude and component.

Cons: I was terminated 1.5 months into employment involuntary, for a completely distorted political cleanup effort. The company is ok, however, being its size - you must play the interests of your department, even if it is against the broader General Motors standpoint.

Recruiting is outsourced with IBM. However, the process to hire is relatively streamlined.
Advice: Give employees a chance. Don't terminate to avoid justifying a severance package expense, paperwork, nor shifting the employee relationship at the benefit of manager's view of controlling their situation matters. I am not particularly one to hold grudges, but the reasons for my termination were totally executive's cleaning up their involvement in a messy situation. At my families expense.
Pros: Good entrepreneurial spirit. Team collaboration. IT systems.

Cons: Work life balance in some areas of product development (including mine) is poor, and was not the improvement I was looking for moving from a supplier working too many hours.  It is sometimes difficult to get tasks accomplished in a timely manner as the DRE role has all the responsibility but not a lot of authority.
Advice: Empower the DREs with more authority and resources to assist in completing tasks, rather than just auditing.
Pros: Good benefits, good pay, good career advancement opportunity, challenge and variety of tasks.

Cons: The supervision has a huge problem with having nothing better to do than to babysit their workers.  The job is too easy and monotonous that it becomes very boring, very quickly.
Advice: management needs to leave the workers alone, they know how to do the job better than you, and will do said job even if you are nowhere around
Pros: good medical, dental and vision insurance, union representation, the job is super easy and could be done by anyone.  Also the monetary compensation is great!

Cons: As a temp you are at the managements mercy on jobs and how much you work.   As a temp not always treated the best.  Respect as a whole from management to each other and employees isn't great.  Some managers do a great job being respectful some not so much.
Advice: Treat people with more respect as a whole
Pros: Good benefits. Good union. Hours and overtime available.  People working there are good to work with.   Consistent hours and laid back dress code.

Cons: Sometimes you can be working with such terrible software engineers/developers because there are no technical sections for the interview.

Those terrible engineers get paid the same as you.

Extremely low compensation.

Managers literally do nothing.

No career growth.

Employee discount terrible for vehicles. If I had a friend that owned a dealership I can get a better deal without their discount.

No signing bonus.

Disrespectful to Computer Science Grads (IT Majors get paid the same amount as Computer Science Majors) which shows me how ignorant managers there are.

Horrible upper management (Not your direct manager).
Advice: More compensation for employees and more respect for Computer Science Grads.
Pros: Relaxed environment.
Depends on what team you get put on but I had a fantastic manager.

Cons: Lack of mid to long term strategy from middle and upper management.  
Sky high levels of nepotism in all levels of the company.
Chance for promotion or internal transfers are very limited.
Advice: Allow employees to transfer into other teams more easily.  Communicate vision down to individual contributor level better.
Pros: Pay, bonus, vacation, 401k match etc are all pretty good.  Work / Life balance is fairly good as well.

Cons: There are no career plans or training plans here.  This place will set you back in your career.

I asked about company paid training and my manager said that I would have to pay for classes out of my own pocket, and that I was overpaid anyway.  

Career path conversations are reserved for former HP and Dell employees.
Advice: Look past beloved HP and Dell employees for talent.  People generally get that former HP and Dell employees are protected, but try to get them to treat the rest of us like humans
Pros: I liked the people I work with and the work that I did.

Cons: Average pay. Huge company, which means lots of meetings and old processes to break. Busy people makes it hard to get immediate help.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Exciting transition to EV future, friendly and supportive team/management, good benefits, and people are recognized for exceeding expectations. The TRACK program has been especially great for experiencing various roles, meeting new people, and gaining leadership opportunities. Also, I get to drive future cars.

Cons: If you are a temporary employee for 1,2,3 or 4 years, and do the same job as everyone else and usually better, your are garbage to them. Union members do not help you and “seniority employees” think they are gods and look down on anyone that has been here less years than them. And harassment is tolerated if your into that, even sexual harassment!
Advice: Stop letting seniority people treat temporary people like garbage. Everyone is human we don’t deserve being treated like we do.
Pros: The money and unlimited overtime

Cons: They have their standars set so high it is almost impossible to attain unless you're physically running. No room for advancement. Coworkers speak of solidarity but there is none. Watch your back.
Advice: Management needs to be taught some people skills. Stop the favoritism.  If you have an issue with an employee speak to them confidentially not out on the floor in front of others. It's humiliating!
Pros: Excellent healthcare benefits paid for by the company, Yearly profit sharing, Generous PTO and several paid holidays

Cons: With all the turmoil of recent months, employees individual needs have been badly neglected. Technical career path engineers no longer have advancement opportunity and the focus on technical excellence the company once had has diminished significantly.
Advice: Empower engineering teams to develop a sense of ownership by structuring them around product launches rather than commodities.
Pros: Opportunity to work with global partners in diverse countries - Korea, Germany, Australia. Brazil, China etc. In years past, the size of the company allowed employees to move around and try different jobs.

Cons: Pay structure reduced.   Raises are no longer added to base, one time payment.   Pensions frozen for salary, not hourly. Certain salary pensions allowed to go to government administration with drastic reductions. 401k's are a fine alternative, but employer contribution much lower during the days of pension accrural.
Advice: Salary workforce will be mobile as economy picks up, no incentive for longevity
Pros: Matches background, industry has downsized considerably.  I am not sure if I am lucky or unlucky to still be in the industry.

Cons: They require for employees to work 2 Saturdays in a row to get one off. But they can still say no to the day off. You only get 5 days off a year that dont roll over into the next year. As well as you have to be a temp for 2-3 years before being hired on full time, and Temps only get 3 call off days the entire time they temp. If you use them they write you up.
Advice: None
Pros: Great money, just have to work for it

Cons: The bankruptcy has been demoralizing, but, GM is coming back.  Expect long hours and sometimes inconvenient travel.
Advice: Focus on stablity
Pros: If you're willing to put in the time and effort and learn from many experienced colleagues, GM can be a great place to work.  The automotive industry is brutal.  Be ready to be challenged with high expectations and expected results.  But, having been a lead engineer on Camaro, I can attest to the satisfaction of being a part of creating a mangnificent, emotional product.

Cons: The problem is that the oppurtunities for advancement are not there.  It seems that upper management has determined already who will get promoted before any interviews are conducted.
Advice: Explain to people why things are done.  Too many times there are changes or decisions without any good explination.  Sometimes you just hear, because that is how so and so wants it.
Pros: The co-workers are great.  There is a lot of oppurtunities to do different things in many different areas of the company.

Cons: Oldschool vibe.  Trying to be modern and startup-y, but really just seems like a normal office job.  Good for old people or people looking for a place to work forever.
Advice: No advice really, company is doing very well.  Don't think my con can ever be addressed in a company this size.
Pros: Salaries are very competitive, hours aren't too long depending on your team, and many benefits - insurance, bonuses, cars, days off.  Very collaborative environment.

Cons: Hard to go up the ladder for people just out of college
Advice: Make it performance based for new college hires and make sure they get rewarded by sending them up a level. Even though my performance has been good there is no chance for me to go up for few more years and it is disappointing.
Pros: Great set of people, willing to help and great fun working here. Coming in i was a bit nervous but this environment is simply amazing. Hope it continues to stay like that.

Cons: Not easy to move up. If you want to move to a different field you might have to move. Policies are always changing. People don't know what's going on half the time
Advice: I understand the change and trying to get things organized. The procedures need to be fixed and management needs to listen to there employees. Certain teams need more people badly.
Pros: Great people to work with. Great benefits like discounted cars. The office space is fairly quiet. Company is continually growing. The ATL office is mainly PM and devolopers

Cons: In the department that I worked, contractors are treated like second class citizens. Personally saw direct employees receive preferential treatment. Management was much more critical of issues. Mgmt did not treat contractors with mutual respect.
Advice: Need to check your ego at the door. Focus on the program and the metrics. Need to be consistent and fair in all decisions that effect employees and programs.
Pros: Good atmosphere in the tech center. Good sized cubical to work. Excellent cafeterias. Lots of parking around the complex. Nice camps for walking.

Cons: Management is okay. It is hard to get mentored for new hires, so expect sit around and do nothing for the first year on board. Things seem to be much better but still need more work.
Advice: Good move for allowing new college hire to move to different departments. This saved the company a lot of time and money from losing employees due to dissatisfaction with current department.
Pros: The company has very good benefits with a lot of holidays and vacation as soon as you start.

Cons: No opportunity to advance, Very siloed, Constant re-orgs so never have a manager long enough to give you a meaningful review.   No training, you are expected to train yourself and be the SME for them.  Very much still a "Good ole Boy" environment.
Advice: Start focusing on career development for your employees. Don't expect them to pay for their own training.  Break down the barriers of the Old GM ways.
Pros: Car Discounts, Benefits are solid, Great PTO and Unlimited Sick time

Cons: There’s still some of “the old GM” mindset in a lot of upper management, money gets wasted where it should t, integrity isn’t as widespread as one might hope- weak middle management.
Advice: We went into bankruptcy once- perhaps the plant vs corporate budget should be re-analyzed
Pros: Work life balance is improving. Innovation is encouraged and hard work is rewarded. Pay, benefits, and vacation/holiday time are great-  the new employee recognition program and open workspace concept show that the company is trying to move into the new work era.

Cons: The amount of approvals and tasks required to get anything done is way too much. The workload is unbalanced ans I found myself having to put in tons of overtime to complete projects on things I don't even own. Other groups are quick to unload as much work onto you as possible and refuse to take ownership of newly created items without a fight.
Advice: Streamline the approval process and have better workload mangement.
Pros: The pay and benefits are good and the ambassador program lets you check out many of the products.

Cons: Long hours, unexpected shift changes, no flexibility. Negative managerial atmosphere
Advice: Give employees something to work towards, dont dangle sn unattainable carrot. Stop giving preferential treatment bcuz of who people know. Create a team atmosphere.Good ole boy network is DEAD!
Pros: The Money is good at first The benefits are descending, they were better when Blue Cross was included. Vacation days good, and you can buy days.

Cons: Absolutely no work/life balance
Pay for New College Grads is very low compared to the average salary given to such individuals in similar roles
Meetings tend to be held very early in the morning (9:15am or earlier and you MUST attend in person)
The facilities suck (the workplace doesn't even have coffee or handsoap in the cafeteria)
They will Lie in their offer letters (I know at least 2 people whose offer letters promised them a role as Business Analysts but they were placed in technical QA roles after!!)
They don't do any coding interviews when hiring new talent.
If you're a foreign employee, they will not assist with Immigration/Natualization services
Advice: Improve the cons.
Pros: Health insurance is pretty good.

Cons: Difficult for minorities to receive fair treatment including promotional opportunities, project assignments with very little visibility. Managers lack actual management experience and represent the old culture of GM.
Advice: Treat minorities with respect and provide the same level of support and career opportunities as the majority group. be fair, transparent, and give minorities an equal opportunity to grow their careers.
Pros: Many projects to contribute IT skills for a young IT organization that is insourced. Overall work/life balance is very good if your manager is the new culture

Cons: The commute is challenging,  but once I get to work it is worth it!  There are no other cons to mention.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great benefits,  recognition for good work, caring people,  room for advancement.  My colleagues are very knowledgeable, hard working,  and have a lot of integrity.  Everyone cares about safety and quality of their work.

Cons: Long-term contractor status for some employees that were looking for direct hire.
Advice: Keep listening to your employees regarding departmental issues. Continue the training and meetings. The "pizza parties" and potlucks that were held on a fairly regular basis, really are appreciated.
Pros: Lots of room for advancement. Good support system in the IT "Incident Desk" at the Warren, MI location. Supervisors were responsive and supportive when needed. Advanced learning was encouraged - internal certifications and training was made available. Weekly team meetings kept us up-to-date on changes.

Cons: Reviews require managers to work on a curve... someone has to do poor, not everyone in the department can be good. Politics are significant and often managers hide their motives.
Advice: Be fair to the employees. Be honest with them and their future.
Pros: There are good people who work there and there is a management plan, even if you don't agree with it. Managers tend to rotate every few years and you never know who you will get. Generally you have freedom if you do your job and accomplish the tasks assigned.

Cons: Difficult to advance your career. 
Have to leave the company to get competitive pay.
Quality employee retention doesn't happen. 
Huge swings in work loads.
Advice: There are numerous employees in high positions that abuse their power, and ask their employees to do something, but they themselves do not follow. Don't promote people based off their years at GM, and promote them for their work.
Pros: Good work life balance for the majority of the year. 
Really good benefits. 
Do your work well, and typically you will be happy at GM.

Cons: Terrible work environment.   Pay is below average.  Employees are WAY overworked.  Lots of  'talk' about work/life balance, but there isn't any in reality.  If you join GM, just think of it as a "CONTRACT" shop, here today, gone tomorrow.  There is NO  Employee Loyalty.
Advice: NEED sweeping changes in ALL of IT @ 8th levels and up.  Mary Barra talks a good game to please outside interest groups and her employees, but that provides little benefit to her employees.  She bends over backwards to please special interest groups at a detrmental  cost to the company.
Pros: There are some very good people working at GM.

Cons: You can lose your job at any time without notice.  It is tough to plan your future not knowing how long your job will last
Advice: Stop rewarding entrenched army of managers and directors who try to do as little as possible and start rewarding the people who work hard and get results.
Pros: Good place to work if you are into cars and have a passion towards engineering and how things work.  Plenty of hands on opportunities to get involved in the community, GM really does pride itself in giving back to underserved areas around Detroit.  You can also arrange plant visits which are a great way to see how cars are built

Cons: Leadership is too top heavy, Company vision and goals are unrealistic to market demand. No over-time pay. Flex-time is a joke if your not in the "In crowd". Seniority also a joke. Basically if you have no one really looking out for you, your left out. Same Good ol' boys tactics from the past.
Advice: Listen to your employees, Be more open to change
Pros: Steady work, busy days, Great product programs, Easy to follow process and great co-workers. Clean office environment with up-to-date computer software. Paid holidays and vacations!

Cons: It is a great city, but the traffic is terrible.  Also, space is filling up fast in the building.  Pretty soon it will be over-crowded.  There are a lot of regulations to follow and be aware of, given the status of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is very friendly.  You have an opportunity to be a part of a Fortune 7 company, but at the same time, you are building the IT function from the ground up with the in-sourcing plans in place.  Austin is the greatest city.

Cons: The people you work with are a different breed. Women have to act like men, No matter what anyone says a woman can use her assets to her advantage. Always be on guard
Advice: Allow more production staff the opportunities to apply for management, there are times when we can run a production shift better if we had no one standing over us.
Pros: Flexibility, Team work, Benefits, Everyday is a challenge, You have endless opportunities if you just take chances.

Cons: Have to work hard to get noticed, but it makes you work harder and do a good job. Overall, I've been happy with my experience and love the company
Advice: Have a more clear path to advancement and what you want and see in new hires, mid career, etc. Help everyone understand the goals and objectives.
Pros: GM truly seems to look ahead on a business wide level and a personal professional level -- that is if you're willing to seek extra work and opportunities.

Cons: Allot of moving vehicles (hi lows, tuggers, golf carts) watch where you're going. Be carful around moving assembly lines, it gets pretty hot in the summer and cold in the winter, dress appropriate for work and the weather.
Advice: Keep the training short, simple, and hands on.
Pros: Fantastic pay, benefits, an Union. Plus Union discounts. Free gym, computer lab, and wifi. There's a subway in the shop and a few fast food chains near by, security and safety are fantastic.

Cons: New management has nullified all the pros. The workforce seems to be considered a mere financial liability.
Watch your back...
Advice: Go back to those principals and ideals that made GM, arguably, one of the most desirable places to work on the planet.
Pros: For twenty-five years, a GREAT place to work! The work was interesting and challenging. Sufficient resources to adequately investigate the mission statement. Co-workers of superior talent made for a tremendous learning experience. Management support of employees far surpassed any place I've ever worked.

Cons: Deceitful recruiting.  Promising pay structure that does not exist.  Be very careful of the "Account Development Manager" positions.  Almost no opportunity to earn money beyond the base.  Also, have people in areas with no support, increasing quotas and then place on probation and then terminate.  Upon termination you will be required to pay back any relocation money within 30 days.  This can easily be 10's of thousands of dollars.  My advice is to look very close before you leap.
Advice: Middle management needs to support field staff and stand up to Senior Management in regards to reasonable expectations and quotas.
Pros: Great benefits and relocation packages.  Lots of wonderful people.

Cons: If you work in IT, the Leadership seems to have cut this area a lot.  Be prepared for the possibility of regularly working long hours as well as some stress to keep your head above water.
Advice: I do not feel that the level of IT staff currently supporting the Enterprise is sufficient and would encourage Leadership to review this area closely.
Pros: GM provides opportunities to train in your area and their benefits are excellent.  Also, the regularly have offered annual bonuses.

Cons: There were a few people in Austin and Dublin I interviewed that were very underqualified but I was told that they would be working at GM - so the easy interview process can work both ways.  The biggest downfall to GM is that layoffs seem to be driven by who each director personally dislikes.
Advice: Stop sending the message that if employees want to keep their jobs, they need to lick their boss' boots
Pros: It is pretty easy to get your foot in the front door here, especially if you know someone.  I was given the interview script ahead of time as they were really interested in hiring me

Cons: Getting projects done involves a very tedious and disorganized collaboration between teams that feel more like independent companies rather than working together towards a common goal.

Due to the massive layoffs recently we've been given a lot more non-development work supporting production operations with little time anymore on actually developing new apps and innovating.
Advice: Streamline our development processes and provide more opportunities for your developers to innovate!
Pros: Excellent benefits and work/life balance. Good first job to gain experience

Cons: Decent salary and benefits if your manager is in your corner. They're forced to rank their employees and, if they have all great ones, some will always come out looking bad and will not get what they deserve. The flip side is that, if a manager has a team of less-than-stellar employees, some of them will always come looking great and will be compensated for being better than they are.

Everything is about who you know.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent salary and benefits if your manager is in your corner.

Cons: You're easily replaceable, so they don't necessarily care about you, even if you're a great employee. Layoffs are stressful (8-10 year cycles).
Advice: As you talk higher up in management, the more rude they get. My senior manager was terrible. She actually told my EGM to shut up in a department meeting because she didn't agree with him.
Pros: Career growth. Inclusion. Good pay and benefits.

Cons: I signed up for Senior Java developer and they made me do all other kind of work such as Infrastructure, Vulnerability System etc. If the manager don't like you, they will give you bad review and within 6 months you will be out. I have not learned anything. I have finished 5 years with them and I am stuck on same level with no pay increase. It have zero work life balance same as Startup, I have been working on weekends and days off.
Advice: They already know what is good company, and they don't need any advice.
Pros: I don't see any pros except one week time off on Christmas every year.

Cons: Uncertain times for the company with government loans, restructuring and certain loss of jobs.
Advice: Do whatever it takes to ensure the long term viability of General Motors.
Pros: Although times are uncertain, this could be the beginning of one of the best turnaround stories in American corporate history.  The turnaround plan that has been implemented over the last few years will pay off if given a chance. GM should be leaner and meaner in the years to come.......but the next few will be rough.

Cons: Its huge and things are slow to change.  The current turmoil is scary but also a great oppotunity for those still working there.
Advice: Listen to the customer, bring cars to the market that they want, quit having so many meetings and get working.
Pros: There is a wide variety of disciplines and functions within GM.  If you are in a good spot, you learn, you move and you are happy.  If you are in a bad spot, you could be stuck there.

Cons: Large amount of employees creates too much redundancy in decision making processes.  Little to no feedback on career paths or advancement.  Large amount of salary disparity between engineers doing the same job with the same responsibilities.
Advice: More emphasis should be placed on career planning and mentoring.  This aspect is completely absent from the yearly review process.
Pros: Large amount of positions worldwide.  Latest technology for automotive engineering is available to you.  Great benefits.  Flexible when time off is needed.

Cons: Upper management does not understand the customer experience and that customers want reliable, dependable, world-class vehicles.  Too many of their vehicles are mediocre or just better than their last model.
Advice: Focus on the product and the customer experience.  Excel in these and your reputation will improve.
Pros: General Motors truly has limitless resources.  They have enough intelligent, committed people that they can build a world-class vehicle with the proper leadership (Corvette, Cadillac CTS are two examples).

Cons: Pay was substandard for the amount of responsibility.  Benefits were not that great, glad I got my MBA before they took that away.  No cell phones etc when being asked to take international calls on weekends.  Just an example of some of the things that went on.
Advice: Blow up the GOB network and start fresh.
Pros: Fair working conditions, seeing cars designed and built is still cool, ability to do a lot of different things with your career provided you have the right network.

Cons: It was hard to grasp all of the information all at once in the short amount of time that I was present.
Advice: At the beginning, ease the people into the internship.  It was difficult at the beginning for I had no knowledge of the job prior to starting there.
Pros: Team aspect and overall process flow.  The management worked hard to make sure that everything was running smoothly and every one worked as a team.

Cons: Large company = large bureauocracy; sometimes slow decision-making; can get confined to certain area or position; good, but not great, pay/benefits.
Advice: Try to open up further in terms of allowing employees to change locations/fields--there is a great opportunity there to keep good employees from jumping ship.
Pros: World leader in auto manufacturing; job opportunities in a wide variety of fields; structured employee evaluation, development, and training; discounts to some great vehicles!

Cons: Political and inherently culturally sexist. Favor given to Kettering Graduates and legacies with multiple generations of family employees. The motto "I can make an engineer a supervisor but I can't make a supervisor an engineer" has led to much attrition of new college grads, stuck supervising on off shifts
Advice: The upper leadership has come a long way and seems to focus on safety and quality of product, but many plants are decidedly old school
Pros: Competitive salaries, heavy emphasis on new technologies, tuition assistance

Cons: General motors often holds you into a position when you excel at it as opposed to allowing you to expand your horizons.  Often those who struggle gain more experience in order to find their niche.
Advice: I would strongly suggest that General motors create a definitive career path with positive change and continuous improvement.  They should train more cross functionally.
Pros: General motors has a very diverse employment base with numerous avenues to expand your tool box of knowledge and experience.

Cons: This is definitely not a good place to work.  But the thing I hate the most about this place is how managers use your personal life as ammo against you.  Are you from a working class family?  Well then you can have the worst job in here cause it's still better than anything your parents had right?  Do you have lots of student loans?  Then you won't mind working this weekend cause you need that bonus right?  I can't wait to get out of this dump.
Advice: Less tricks, more management
Pros: Lots to learn and do which means job security if you're concerned about that.

Cons: Some plants have a lot of down time. Also, assembly line work is a dead end and a lot of wear and tear on your body.
Advice: Some assembly line workers are more useful in the front office. Management should pay more attention to workers on the front line, they can provide useful ideas to help increase productivity and lower cost.
Pros: General Motors offers great pay for non degree having employees. If you are willing to work long hours, this company is the place for you.

Cons: Being a huge corporation, the environment is ripe with bureaucracy.  There is next to no way to change the status quo.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, the work is typically easy, but there are challenges available to you, should you choose to seek them.  Tons of vacation days.

This is my first full time job out of college, so i'm mainly going from how my friends and senior cooworkers senior coworkers describe their old jobs.

Cons: Still some remnants of "old school thinking" in upper middle management
Beyond a certain level, WHO you know is at least as important as WHAT you know
Some areas still have a "cost is king" approach to making business decisions
Advice: Continue on the path of improvement
Look to achieve more diversity in upper middle management in business disciplines
Pros: Culture changing for the better
Very broad range of career potentials
Seems to be dedicated towards improving diversity of workforce
Products are great and improving
Salary is competitive

Cons: Seems to me like we are overstaffed and some resources are not used as they should be.
Some of the projects are not challenging enough.
Some of the management in other teams is not as open as it is in my case.
Advice: None
Pros: My management  has been great, they are always willing to listen and help if you need it.
Director is always pushing for better and greater things, this is a good challenge for my organization

Cons: An awful lot of mediocrity in the middle layers; volume trumps content; can be political but that's every company; overall though a great company that will surprise you (my previous employer said I would be a little fish in a big pond, but that is the opposite of how I've felt over the majority of my career)
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting, passionate company with great cross functional job opportunities; I moved six times with them in four different functions; you will never ever be bored

Cons: Limited upward mobility and silo mentality hurts the future of the division. Maven was supposed to be the gateway for GM’s autonomous future but they seem to be moving forward with Cruise managing all aspects of autonomous vehicles.
Advice: Push to get out of GCCX and in line with Cruise to work together instead of on virtually the same project.
Pros: Innovative start up operation inside a major company. Setting the pace for Urban Mobility for an OEM. Car sharing, ride sharing and peer to peer experience.

Cons: Can't trust leadership
IT insourcing could have been good but was done poorly.  
Opportunities for promotion are less than in the past
Layoffs were done poorly and created a hostile environment
Leaders lied on performance reviews to put certain types of people in low performing buckets.
IT run out of Austin with cronies from Dell &amp; HP
Advice: You are not a tech company and never will be.  Don't try to go aggressively towards autonomous as the world is not as ready for it as you think.
Promote based on skills and experience not because of politics
Need a new CIO
Pros: Holidays &amp; Vacation 
Health Benefits
401K match
Higher than average pay
Gain experience in a complex company and industry

Cons: Without an advocate you can find yourself receiving your usual cost of living wage increase with little to no promotional outlook. Vehicle discount is marginal for non management employees.
Advice: Re-evaluate the employee vehicle discount program. It's pretty shameful right now. Emphasize career growth in annual and bi-annual review more often and be transparent regarding mid year standing instead of trivial leaving the door open to end of the year surprises.
Pros: Benefits, above average salary(in some cases), bonus potential, remote work opportunities

Cons: The place is run by bean counters with no "feel" of the auto industry
too many layers of middle management that are slow to change
Good business practices twarted by the arcane Union rules (Jobs Bank for example)
Advice: Break all union contracts
Out source your financial & accounting - don't let it run your business
Be about making cars, not careers
Pros: Salary and benefits (company car) were above average.
Projects were large and interesting
Engineers are dedicated and hard working
Hard to find more emotional and interesting products than cars

Cons: Bureaucratic mess. Authoritative management style, ruled by fear and intimidation. Executive spy planted within the organization. Cad Bldg was not an encouraging environment to work. There were plenty of people in position of management at GM, who wouldn't last a month in most companies. The HR department was also a big joke.
Advice: Change has come to GM. The good ole boy club is just about gone. The advice was received upon the filing of the bankruptcy.
Pros: Global presence, access to information and data. Abundant leverage afforded most commodities.

Cons: General sense of complacency, no motivation to go "above and beyond".  Old boy network firmly in place; only a small minority involved in serious product development.  Old mentality led to this company's problems.  The writing was on the wall for a long time.
Advice: Bloated workforce considering the output.
Pros: Great benefits.  Lots of job opportunities if you are willing to try "new" things.  Great employee product discounts.

Cons: GM is not as people oriented as they used to be, just a business
Benefits are not as good as they used to be
Advice: GM was broke in 70's, Saturn was an opportunity for GM to improve people, product and process and be competitive with the Japanense auto makers.  GM never appreciated the knowledge gained from that experience and never lived up to the values and mission of the corporation
Pros: Great pay and benefits
Lots of opportunities
Career Advancements

Cons: It is in MI, where the weather is not bearable for everybody. And it is not paying as much as Ford, if your goal is making as much money as possible only.
Advice: That is a awesome program and I am feeling I was so lucky that I got the interview. I won't go any other company since I feel really comfortable here.
Pros: Managers are super friendly and there are challenges everyday. You don't stick to one task forever. Interesting projects come relatively often.

Cons: As probably with most large companies, opportunities for advancement are only for "yes" men/women. Opinions and ideas for change, get a smile and a head nod and no consideration. Agree with everything your boss says and you'll be fine.
Advice: Don't invest in employees' education, training and relocations and never give a promotion. It's just easier for that person to leave and move on to where their skills and education are valued.
Pros: Large stable company with good benefits. Opportunities to do many different jobs

Cons: The work is very hard. When times are good you will spend a great deal of time at work but when times are bad you won't be spending any time at work.
Advice: Fire new employees that are lazy. Find some relief for managers so the good ones don't burn out. Keep promoting from within.
Pros: The UAW has negotiated good benefits including medical, dental and vision coverage after 90 days of seniority. There are guaranteed bonuses and profit sharing.

Cons: If you care about flexibility and latest grates tech this is not a company for you as it's even problematic to use open source tech. Most development is related to legacy applications. Benefits are very average.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of great people working there if you are a young person starting carrier then this is the place to go, you will have great people around you to learn from. Annual bonus is usually very generous.

Cons: Can seem unstable at times.
Advice: Stop trying to force people to stay in a certain organization. If people don't want to be part of a certain organization, they will find opportunity elsewhere.
Pros: Given the right opportunity, they really do allow you to be innovative. There are some very great people who work there. Vacation is really good. Benefits are good too. They've also come a long way since the ignition switch case - you honestly can feel safe being an honest engineer here.

Cons: Upper management does not provide the time or resources in order to make a good product. They are unwilling to provide either and instead come up with buzzword riddled jargon for new processes that don’t do anything
Advice: Give the lower level engineers more time to complete their work. Stop trying to reinvent the wheel with every new product and instead focus on improvement of existing products
Pros: GM has some of the best talent I’ve worked with. I’ve learned a lot of engineering tools and software

Cons: Fear inducing and threating managers.  Do not hire in this company "RUN" unless you want good pay with very high stress. BTW salary will lose your yearly bonus if you do not meet your managers very high expectations and no overtime pay when it takes 9 to 10 hours to complete your shift work and paperwork.  Most salary  employees are going thru a revolving door, either quitting, tranfering or retiring out of this stressful plant.
Advice: Get a life and learn how to realy treat employees like human beings, don't just talk about it "Do It"
Pros: Good base Pay before any posible overtime

Cons: Terrible, opaque management. All decisions made in secret behind closed doors. Zero job security. Bought a new GM vehicle (with high pressure from corporation to buy) expecting to be there for many years. Instead was laid off almost immediately following the TRACK program. TRACK ruined my career at General Motors and wasted 3 years of my professional life.
Advice: Eliminate the TRACK program and provide some clarity to decision-making
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Friendly and approachable coworkers. Future-focused corporate leadership.

Cons: Cafeteria is not great, better food options off site.  Plus employees are discourage from working from home.  Attendance is regularly taken and you occasionally have to talk to your boss about not being in the office for 6am meetings
Advice: Embrace working from home as a viable option to get work done.  A lot of employees in Arizona need to be in the office by 6am to join meetings that could easily be taken at home.  This is not good for people with young kids!
Pros: Company with a lot of history, a lot of good people working there and the AIC has a warm feel to it.

Cons: In the middle of IT transition.  Communication is poor.  Culture has gone from cooperative to cutthroat.  We are spending more time on metrics and department operation than we are on helping build cars and trucks.
Advice: Do what makes sense
Pros: High Salaries, Access to Training and Certification, Love working with cars, opportunities to travel to scenic Austin for business trips

Cons: Part of my time was spent at an assembly plant. Much more intense and stressful (but also a little more satisfying to see your projects in action).
Advice: None
Pros: As an engineer, you have many opportunities to work on numerous types of projects - a huge plus! I have worked for the company for over 10 years and never got bored. Have worked on projects that have lasted for over 1 year, and one that lasted only 4 months.

Cons: The culture at General Motors was large and slow moving. It was a challenge , at times, to try to accomplish ideas and projects. It would take time to move through channels to accomplish your goals.
Advice: Give talented people the leeway to run with ideas to help the company.
Pros: The best reasons for working at General Motors was the pay level. The pay was good although I worked many long hours. I was, however, compensated for overtime hours.

Cons: Low probability of long-term employment through retirement, due to high turnover in company strategy to gain fresh ideas from new and different designers.
Advice: It is preferable to select key creative people early in their careers who have excellent opportunity for growth, and to direct, sponsor, and guide their personal development so they can perform at their maximum potential through continuous improvement.
Pros: Opportunity for close interaction with top executives of the company.

Cons: Some departments reward favoritism instead of merit. Employees wishes and needs sometimes go unheard with such a large company.
Advice: Make the benefits easier to access. Treat long term employees with more loyalty as they are the ones who have helped the company get where it is at.
Pros: Good pay and benefits compared to rest of the market. American company that will give you great experience if you are willing to work for it. Great starter job out of college.

Cons: While the work is dynamic and sometimes enjoyable, there were times when there were slowdowns in production. There often were personalities clashes between individuals, but these were anomalies. Mostly it's a business full of wisdom.
Advice: Listen to your new hires more. Don't try to control them so much that you kill their creativity. Let them create outside the lines.
Pros: Amazing talent and strong leadership. Great Benefits. Excellent Pay. The work is consistent and there are vast amounts of experience throughout the organization.

Cons: Too Many tedious corporate policies and processes, which make day to day work a bit tedious and uninteresting. These tedious processes make this not a interesting job for a young energetic employee with lots of energy. Also the overall process and direction from Senior Management is constantly changing. So before a new direction can either fail/work well...it will change regardless.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Staff, Job Security, Good Bonuses, They make a good effort for Employee Satisfaction, Safety is a big priority. Good strategies and

Cons: - Impossible to get promoted to managerial level (8th level) unless you kiss a lot of ass
- Career development is non-existant
- Not at all the stable company it once was in its hayday
Advice: Get down off your ivory tower and help those below you instead of placing blame for your poor performance on those who work for you.
Pros: - Good pay, medical benefits, fidelity benefits, and time off
- Work life balance available
- GM car discount for employees

Cons: Starting off the pay is very bad for production workers not what you would expect from such a large company. My plant is very old and dirty I fear for my health every day I walk into the place.
Advice: Learn how to communicate with your employees, most people in supervisor positions at my plant are not smart and don't use common sense.
Pros: Vacation, benefits, hours, if your skilled trade or have some type of skilled job the pay is great

Cons: There really aren't anything I can point out that are negative about the company.  Every company has a room for improvement, but we are all working to identify and make those improvements as we go.
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership is focuse on making quality, safe and best vehicles in the market, by setting clear vision and value.  I'm very convinced our cars and trucks are the best because everyone tries to do their best.

Cons: Aggressive timelines lead to shortcuts and lack of in house expertise on systems being supported/enhanced.
Poorly defined processes. Need to focus on quality, maintainability, etc.
Advice: Give seasoned staff the chance streamline the development and delivery process. Remember that meeting a deadline is not the end of the road - systems need to be easy to proactively support once they go live
Pros: GM is busy insourcing their IT needs so there is a lot of opportunity to improve systems and plenty of work to be done.

Cons: sinetimes the work life balance leans more towards the work life. But it's what is expected of working in a warehose.
Advice: Continued communication with employees. Safety is an overriding priority. Keeping employees up to date on the current status of the company allows employees to have a clear understanding of the company as a whole.
Pros: GM allowed me to provide for my family. It allowed me to be on stable shift. Which allowed me to go to school and better myself.

Cons: Traditional corporate environment that isn't very conducive for innovation, very little budget for anything (ex: lacking office supplies, no free coffee, many events have to be funded by employees)
Advice: Keep making efforts to put users first, invest a little more into employees by giving them a budget for free caffeine and team building events, help employees redecorate/paint/rearrange the office spaces for a more modern and upbeat environment
Pros: Opportunity to make an impact on company culture and innovation efforts, work-life balance, decent benefits and vacation days

Cons: Some employees have become lackadaisical and expect everything to go well due to others hard work.  Opportunities for young talent can be slow due to loss of market share.
Advice: Sales and Marketing has let the other functions down a bit.  Other competitors have been successful taking some business from GM even though GM was best positioned to win the battle
Pros: Great mentoring opportunities, all work is structured, measured, and rewarded.  Some very outstanding engineering and operations folks to learn from.

Cons: BA's/Business is usually prioritized yet they call themselves a tech company; this leads to stagnation.\Worked previously in Seattle  and New York and culture here is laid back in comparison. Not sure how things get done. Only a few smart people here, and the managers only seem to be concerned with getting promoted as do the leads..etc.  Same experience according to other new college graduates.  Would not recommend for fresh CS grads.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, 401k,   IT desk guy is cool.

Cons: No meaningful organization.  Hired managers from vendors and this misses the chance for innovation.  Everything that wasn't Java became my responsibility.  Lots of ambiguity.   Corporate culture is extinct.  They made developers pay for coffee!!!
Advice: Focus on innovation not repeating what you did when you were an outside vendor.
Pros: Lots of teams to work on.  Lots of projects to become a contributer.  Lots of talented people there. They were trying so hard to improve.

Cons: There is no or no training for new hires. So if this is your first tech job you may be stuck in the position you got hired into for awhile. 

There are constant org realignments. I've had 5 different managers in less than 3 years
Advice: Hire people into positions they are actually interested in and have skills in
Pros: The salary and benefits are great

Cons: Professional development was severely lacking. Advancement &amp; job title changes are basically dependent on your supervisor’s willingness to participate. It was easier to leave GM and apply to a new position than internally promote.
Advice: Assess your HR practices. It should never be easier to shift jobs by leaving the company and reapplying.
Pros: The new college hire program is a great escape to the standard minimum experience requirement when you’re trying to get started.

Cons: So big, no clear path to career progression. Some management get stuck in a rut. Need to listen to employees.
Advice: Listen to your team.  There are a lot of smart creative people, even the quiet ones have something to say.  Positive recognition is nice to hear.
Pros: GM offers Great Benefits with wonderful people. It's amazing to learn pieces of the process for such an interesting field. Many new challenging opportunities experienced frequently. Offer opportunities for additional learning.

Cons: - Lots of meetings &amp; bureaucracy
- As a new college hire you might get stuffed into a software-adjacent role instead of a pure software role for your first year
Advice: Top of the chain needs to tell those lower on the chain to have less meetings and to be strict about who they are requiring in attendance - only the absolute minimal set of people should be on any given meeting, stop wasting my time kthnx.
Pros: - Located in Austin
- Average pay
- Friendly culture

Cons: Low non-negotiable salary

Received a promotion, and an increase in Job level; however my salary wasn't allowed to be raised due to corporate policy dictating must be employed for 3 years as a "New college hire".
Advice: Redo new college hire program
Increase initial salary in growing areas (Austin, TX) as it's been the same for 5+ years, allow for negotiation with prior experience

Left for another company with same exact job duties, making 70% more salary with similar vacation, benefits
Pros: Flexible schedule, vacation, benefits, and work/life balance

Cons: You find yourself constantly chasing fires drills that do not improve your dristict or drive sales for the company.
Advice: Travel out into the field more before making decision in the office that letter are detrimental to the company.  Try to think long term.  Nothing is gained by implementing short tern sales objectives that later hurts the company's sales outlook.
Pros: As a field representative you are in charge of your district thus it gives you flexible hours.

Cons: Hard to get out of manufacturing once you get there. They have a rather strange idea for how the company should be run and it's rather disappointing to see the lack of passion towards work.
Advice: Have some more confidence in your workers. Don't always wait for the last moment and think a bit larger than yourselves.
Pros: To explore the different sides of General Motors and to see all of the new technology that's being produced there. The people are nice.

Cons: Uninformed management not qualified to do the job of their subordinates.  Extreme arrogance in middle management.  Too much middle management.  A "good 'ol boy" network that is alive and well.
Advice: 
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits.  Great  opportunity to expand to different functional career areas while staying within the same company.  Significant amount of responsibility given to low level employees.  Excellent training.  Excellent policies and procedures, and work related technology tools (like Peoplefinder).

Cons: Still not obvious why some people are management.  Promotions are help out like carrots but never seem to materialize. A few managers have no business leading people.  Beauracracy still hampers quick movements
Advice: A lot of your employees would work harder if they saw their efforts would actually advance their careers, so many hold out on efforts
Pros: Very dedicated staff, fantastic products, great flexibility in work life balance, bonuses have been great the last few years, very low turnover of employees

Cons: Most of the plants are located in the middle of no where, should sacrifice social life in order to  work. Interview process is extremely difficult, I think there is no meritocracy in interview process, they hire who they know or referred, not who applied online
Advice: Try to value the temp agents more and provide them better opportunity to become a GM employee.
Pros: Good Company to work with Excellent Benefits. a lot of things to learn in any area, nice environment.

Cons: None so far, sometimes you have reign in hiring managers and sometimes they aren't too happy about it. 
Few work from home opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great support managers and good benefits. With hard work and some EQ, it feels like you can move forward anywhere you want to go. 
The culture is changing, we're moving away from the bureaucratic bs and into a more progressive culture.  
And Mary Barra. She rocks.

Cons: I had a great experience, nothing much I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: This is my first internship and I had no idea what to think before starting but this place is (from what I have seen and been told) is a solid 8/10. Everyone is super chill and respectful on a business level, from management to janitors people just have fun all around. As an intern I have received nothing but respect and help on my project and person. Good corporate culture.

Cons: Promotionservice go to people who may not be right for the job but fit other qualifications. Raises are locked into certain percentages. If you start low your raises most likely will be high even if you have not worked that hard. Where is the incentive to work hard?
Advice: Teach entry level employees. Better mentor program needed. Revamp pay scales and how raises are done.
Pros: Good experience, variety of jobs, many locations, good starting pay and bonuses.

Cons: The employee vehicle lease/purchase program, Family First, leaves alot to be desired. Nissan lease program is payroll deduction, very good pricing and includes insurance. GM only has mediocre discounts on certain vehicles. My single biggest complaint about the company.
Advice: Come up with a better, more affordable, insurance included, payroll deduction vehicle lease program for employees.
Pros: This is a good job, alot of hours, salaried people do not get time and a half for OT, just straight time plus 5%.

Cons: Work schedule, including forced Saturdays, is not suitable for family life, unless you live close by. Union shop, which can be a good thing, depending on your point of view.
Advice: In general, management doesn't have much input on very many things. The National Contract covers most situations. No problems with current supervision.
Pros: Good wage, insurance could be better, but it's ok. Clean environment where I work, Good supervision, in general. Union shop, which can be a good thing, depending on your point of view.

Cons: Supervisors problems don't listen to the employees about improving the production of the job need to listen more. The job will be better.
Advice: Need to listen to the employees more often need to take advice from employees that are actually doing the job more often and stop trying to take my benefits away.
Pros: Benefits an experience working in a Manufacturing production business. Have some camaraderie with your fellow employees it helps a lot getting through today.

Cons: - Organizational churn prevents any projects from completing successfully or with high quality
- Management more concerned about managing up than caring about their employees or projects at every level
- No bottom up review process. Managers do what they like to their teams till their boss moves them.
- Old school management that values time spent in office more than productivity
Advice: - Focus on ownership of apps to improve quality.
- Career development and growth is non existent. Change it or you cant retain any good talent.
- Train people managers how to manage a team.
- Create permanent people managers.
Pros: - Lots of good mix of talent to work with on a daily basis.
- Company on a growth trajectory.

Cons: Management does not value employees. They allow jobs to be severely overloaded and then get mad when people cannot properly or efficiently do the job. They have a just "ship it!" mentality which goes against everything GM stands for especially when it comes to building in quality!
Advice: Be more open to listening to employees and stop blaming them when your decisions backfire on the company.
Pros: Great Benefits for you and your family. Excellent career for those who only have a G.E.D or High School Diploma

Cons: Terrible management, micromanagement is annoying, will change time for end of workday minutes before time to get off.  Weekend work not known till 2 days before so impossible to plan anything.  They have removed 3rd shift, added it back and removed it again in 2 years.  No job security
Advice: Needs to be a complete management adjustment in Spring Hill.  Do not see how it makes a profit.
Pros: Decent pay for unskilled work, nice bonus and profit sharing, tuition assistance for school.

Cons: Heavy work load, inbalance between dev and support roles. Upper management is constantly  changing, bringing with it new goals that are not fully vested and cause a lot of unneeded stress and complications.
Advice: Think through the long term outcomes when making staffing decisions.  Whats good on paper is not always good in practive.
Pros: Flexiable work schedules, family oriented, encourages career exploration.  Benefits outside of medical, retirement, so on, are really good as well.

Cons: The work environment was outdated compared to like companies.  Work spaces not updated since perhaps the 1980's. Too much complacency at the management level.
Advice: Your team can't work effectively and effeciently if you delegate all your responsibilities to the Team.  They need more "hands on" managers at the lower levels.
Pros: Enjoyed my time working at General Motors. They provided me with good benefits and Salary.  Vacation time was in line with my years of service.

Cons: Work force not replaced with qualified technicians.  Materials for work not often available.  Becoming reactive work instead of preventative.  Lacking technical training.
Advice: Put value in your maintenance department.  Work force should not be based on number of production workers but on machinery and equipment in the plant.  Make preventative maintenance a high priority.
Pros: Work with latest technology.  Participate in product improvement.  1st class Safety program.  Healthcare, Provides tools, Steady work.

Cons: Difficult to get hired at a General Motors Plant. The combining of trades could be considered a pro or a con. At most plants there are now only two trades, electrical and mechanical.
Advice: My advice to management is to utilize the many years of experience that the different tradesman that they employ have accumulated over the years.
Pros: Great job if you can get it. Union position with great pay and benefits.Top of the line technology and training for the right person.

Cons: With the recession and layoffs and lots of retirement, there is an age gap between 50+ and 25-30s. 
Growing and promotions dont come easy
Males make over 80% of engineers and grow faster 
Although you could switch jobs every 2 yrs or so, managers can block you due to timing or any other reasons
Lots of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Very challenging position and everyday learning
People you work with can be very nice and professional
Pay is good
Great benefits
new phone every 18mo and laptop every 4yrs

Cons: GM, doesn’t value or diversify the talent the already have, they are more concerned with obtaining college students, and putting them through a fast track program . This option should be given to all its employees .
Advice: Diversify your currant staff.  Empower your staff, re-train the micro managers that continually threaten and belittle employees .
Pros: Benefits are average.  Trying to work on Work place of choice.  Looking at the long term choices of the public for future growth.

Cons: Probably a lot of standing.  If something goes wrong with a vehicle, I may feel the blame for the problem. Pressure to do my job correctly is always there.
Advice: Hire me...Keep up the good work and give an 18 year old a chance.
Pros: GM has great benefits and pay. It's kinda like working for America,  you feel proud.

Cons: Too many to list them all, but here are a few:

1)	No other company will disappoint you faster and harder. You will go from 60 (great company, I’m proud to work here) to 0 (I’m ashamed of working here) faster than a hyper car.

2)	No matter how much money you made for the company, or how much experience you bring, or what unique skill set you possess, or how many extra hours you voluntarily worked to make your boss look good, or how many rave reviews you get from the business and your co-workers, if you are not part of the inner circle of your Director, you will never, ever, get a fair year-end review, and you will be eventually let go in the most embarrassing of ways.

3)	The cronyism in IT leadership is cynical and disgusting. There is no way you will advance your career or get promoted if you are not one of the good old boys’ club. I saw many people doing absolutely nothing for the company get better reviews than many of us who were really impacting the bottom line with our work.

4)	When you are being hired, they sell you the idea that this company is so huge that  opportunities will jump out of everywhere and you can move to other areas if you are not happy where you are. This is a lie. They are willing to let you go before they move you.

5)	Managers/Directors are the worst I’ve had to work with in my 20+ year long career. Most of them lack basic people skills, not to mention managing skills. No transparency at all, and always with hidden agendas.

6)	Leadership is concerned about costs and will lay off thousands, but at the same time they are the main waste generators. I saw projects thrown out the door after a year of working on them, with labor and hardware resources already paid for; you can see many managers with one or zero people under them; hundreds of people doing nothing, waiting for projects to be approved, especially when you are a new hire. Months can come and go before you get to work on something.

7)	They call themselves “IT Innovators”, but nothing is further than the truth. There is no innovation, only poor attempts at imitation. Don’t fall for the “zero crashes, zero emissions… zero everything” hype. With this IT leadership it simply just won’t happen. How could it, when basic essential processes that could be easily automated are still being managed by pen and paper? Read the news and follow the competition and you will see who really is leading in this area.

8)	Worst of all, your career and skill set will come to a screeching halt. They will freeze in time. Due to the red tape, favoritism, or just plain ignorance of the decision makers, you have to work with only the technology approved by them. After leaving, many of us are now facing the reality that all of the latest technology trends that are in demand in the job market are not the ones used here. Getting a job offer will be harder for you if you stay too long in this company, because you will not have the experience with the latest technologies.
 
Lastly, trust the bad reviews. They are closer to reality than the good ones. I would second guess the good reviews, especially when most of them were entered between February and April of 2019, the period when most layoffs happened. Many of the good reviews were even entered on the same day. I’d be very suspicious of these. They seem like those reviews people are “asked” to enter when the company wants to improve their image.
Advice: It's hard to preach to the deaf and blind, but in the rare event that someone from leadership sees this comment, take a deep good look at what you are doing to this company and the brand. Your decisions may have made more money to investors now, but public perception is at the worst level right now and only time will tell the impact it will have in the near future. Just look at the bad comments in social media. They easily overtake the good ones. You have destroyed many dreams and loyalties that will never come back. My family has been a loyal customer of  your products for more than 20 years. We have owned a dozen of your  cars, but after the way we were treated we can no longer be ambassadors of the brand and will never buy another vehicle from you.
Pros: Decent salary, benefits, PTO, 401k and bonuses, while they last...

Cons: Lack of job security, the industry is prone to layoffs and you can be laid off at any time despite being a high performer
Advice: Stop laying off your high performers.  Focus on making quality vehicles over trying to increase short term profitability
Pros: The ambassador program was nice.  You could reserve newer GM cars and drive them around for a week free of charge.  Great atmosphere and GM really takes care of its employees

Cons: It's a huge, old company and a certain amount of inefficiency and slowness is expected. However, a motivated person really can make things better, though it can be hard work to navigate the company and find the right people you need to collaborate work.
Advice: Continue to value innovation, even in the little things. Seek out people with creative logical abilities.
Pros: There's a real optimism and the feeling that GM is actually bold enough to evolve and compete with our new competitors.

Cons: You have to live in Michigan to be a part of this industry. But Michigan grew on me, it is a beautiful state.
Advice: None
Pros: What I do is extremely fulfilling as an engineer on the brink of advanced automotive technology. My job is fun and rewarding. Working for this large company I never feel lost in fact I feel the benefits way outweigh  any large corporation cons. I have work life balance in every way I can imagine.

Cons: Pay is at bottom of average range
Bureaucracy is maddening
Old manufacturing/business mindsets trump development cycles
Advice: Push business users/partners to get on-board with incremental development; don't expect finalized products with every deployment. Stop suggesting developers can't be productive when not watched and micro-managed. Show more trust in those with proven track records. Provide more information about internal positions instead of requiring volunteers with no guarantee of position or work to be done.
Pros: Good benefits
Flexibility
Growth mindset
Variety of work available

Cons: Management
Bad behavior of middle management gets swept under the rug thanks to the "good old boys" network. Yes, still, in 2021.
Employees who work hard and achieve results are not rewarded with promotions but attractive people are.
Limited mobility
Discrimination against people with disabilities.
BPD.
Too many completely useless meetings that could have been a paragraph email.
Advice: Fire anyone holding onto the old GM.  They do way more harm than good.  Fire outwardly racist and misogynistic managers.
Pros: Pay
People
Technology
Budget
Flexible schedule
Paid travel and training.

Cons: It is a very large corporation and can be bogged down within the normal business processes easily.  The benefits package has been greatly reduced over recent years.
Advice: The system needs to be streamlined desperately.  Extremely difficult to do very small tasks due to the bureaucracy and political nature of the Corporation.
Pros: The compensation program was competitive with other companies within the automotive industry.  The amount of exposure to new and emerging technologies was good also.

Cons: Not all managers were the greatest.  Occasionally, not enough projects or assignments were given which led to major down time.
Advice: Of the two I worked for, one was a little harsh when it came to reviews.  He expected more projects to be completed but didn't assign enough to begin with!
Pros: Excellent experience while still studying in college.  The compensation was also excellent.  Projects were varied and very interesting.  It was a great place to intern.

Cons: Too conservative in approach
Too much emphasis on hierarchy
Not able to stand up to competition which may harm the employees in the long run
Morale boosting activities at a minimum
Advice: Top performers are leaving. The people being brought in are not capable of replacing the ones who left even after trainings. Take action against the attrition that is taking place.
Pros: Access to various technologies
Opportunities across the world
Fairly capable personnel
Slightly better paymaster compared to competition
Discount on GM cars

Cons: The interview process is ridiculous and irrelevant to a technical job, average benefit package at best, employee discount has been hollowed out, plenty of incompetent middle managers clinging to control.  Lots of politics.  Avoid anything to do with the dyno lab.
Advice: Walk the walk on work life balance and the cost-driven culture we are supposed to be eliminating.  Reward your key contributors with more opportunity.
Pros: Coworkers are generally good people, generous holidays and vacation.

Cons: As with any large coproration there is lag-time and hundreds of systems.  These could be consolidated for more effcient use of time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a solid employer that pays and compensates with salary and benefits over the market average.  They have a great long-term outlook with a senior management team focused on the future of the company, not just the now.  I'm very impressed with my time so far at GM.

Cons: Horrible inexperienced management, including upper management.  Employees and management are allowed to disrespect and retaliate against employees if a complaint is geared towards management.  HR is a absolute Joke!!  VERY high turnover.  Folks are known to leave GM IT innovation after working there 4 months or less...in lew of so called "good pay and benefits".  Horrible culture.  Technology is sub-par.  Stressful environment. Stay clear.  Much better opportunities out there.
Advice: GM I T Innovation Centers....Start over or get your attorneys ready.
Pros: None...many companies offer same or better benefits.  Medical covers nothing until deductible is paid.

Cons: In sourcing HP employees without a proper plan caused various issues throughout the integration process.  Too many managers and political issues with the HP in sourcing.
Advice: Proper planning and organizational structure would help with and insourcing or outsourcing actions in the future. Proper organizational structure - aligning with business needs is required to be successful.
Pros: Flexible working hours with good benefits and complex infrastructure - makes for a challenging place to work and benefits were great compared to others.

Cons: Too much work. no work life balance. Too much politics. Most managers are not competent enough. Do not pay over time , but expect you to work 100 hours a week and pickup the phone even on Sundays and Saturdays.
Advice: Fire some useless managers in IT. They are causing lot of stress to IT workers.
Pros: good benefits and pay better than any company in metro detroit area.

Cons: Not a lot of Career advancement opportunities if you arr good at your job and have a unique skill set..
Advice: Restricting Employees from posting to other positions in the company only makes them look outside the company.  I have been in the same job for 6 years and every year requested to apply for a different position
Pros: Pay and Benefits are great!

Cons: IT locations are called innovation centers but management style is the complete opposite. Industry standards are ignored (SDLC) along with business courtesy. Not a place to learn correct processes.
Advice: Ask why a company with great benefits and pay has so many unhappy employees and a high turnover rate
Pros: Great benefits and competitive salary. The opportunity the work on the latest QA software.

Cons: Engineers are like ants to this company so your voice isn't really heard and you don't make that big of a difference.
Advice: Assign employees to jobs that are similar ( at least a little ) to the original job they signed up for. Don't bribe them to do work in one position to obtain another position.
Pros: Job stability, getting to drive cars, always something to do, and lots of different positions to try while you are working there.

Cons: As with most corporations, politics plays a part. Sometimes creating change can be slow and difficult with all of the hurdles to overcome.
Advice: Promote creativity and back it up by proving that good ideas can come out on top. Work to loosen the strict ways that older, expreienced hires seem to refuse to work outside of.
Pros: Potential to move around roles and try new things. Not too many set-in-stone ways so there is plenty of opportunity to affect process.

Cons: Workload can be quite heavy at times.
Not enough time to complete work without overtime.
Work itself can be draining dealing with customer complaints.
Pay rate stays the same, no opportunity for raises.
Advice: ensure that there is enough staff to handle workload. It it impossible to add work to people who already do not have enough time to get the work done before overtime.
Pros: Flexible Schedule
Nice Work Environment
Bonus' available based on performance.
Management is friendly and seems to listen to issues and advice.
Several opportunities for growth.

Cons: Plenty of opportunities or so they say. Usually when a job is advertised they already have someone lined up for it. So it's hard for outsiders (different business unit) to take advantage of those opportunities
Advice: Take care of the ones that take care of you. Some of the promotions I have witnessed were not exactly the most qualified for the position.
Pros: Benfit package is ok. Consistent work.  They try to stay ahead on the industry with some outdated equipment and processes.

Cons: would like a driver delivery job would be apostive influence for the company I WORK FOR and a encouragement for future growth. the only negative Quality I have is I'm in exteem debt
Advice: An open mind and a willingness to share ways for me to continue and develope asuccessfull approach to live and community I have become a exallant learner
Pros: Worked for gm as a welder and pallet set up man for triaxes. Had good employee relationship and positve optimistic attitude

Cons: 1. Huge company - bureacracy/politics are inevitable but depends on the department
2. Parking is a nightmare
Advice: Strive to stay ahead of competitors in terms of technology and innovation, place an emphasis on seeking out the best candidates for advancement and develop them
Pros: 1. Work flexibility - schedule, location, a lot of independence
2. Advancement - plenty of options, management supports career development
3. Environment - modernized office spaces, comfortable setting

Cons: Not a long term solution for early in career. Hiring is slow. Same type of work constantly. You might be kicked off your career track and forced to work in another until you find another job. Not a tech company and so don't expect new technology for cars as your position. Only a few team at most work on that.
Advice: Culture driven by profits will not retain employees. Clearly defined work when hiring.
Pros: Good people to work with. Use industry standards.

Cons: Things have not been good since moving over to Information Technology.  A lot of the deals are done on the back of a bar napkin in Austin.  Suppliers are no longer treated like strategic partners, only like dirt unless you are a preferred supplier (have personal connections to current leadership)
Advice: Stop awarding work based on friends of friends and move back to utilizing competitive bids to get GM the best possible price for the best service
Pros: I used to love my job when I was a Buyer for OEM vehicle parts.  GPSC is a great group with some strong leaders

Cons: Work/life balance can sometimes be forgotten about and unrealistic expectations can be placed on developers to meet deadlines, especially for new hires who have only just started
Advice: Get to know your new hires and ask them their strengths and weaknesses, ask them if they want to change teams or if they enjoy their work.
Pros: For a first job, the environment is great, there are many young people, the benefits cover the basics, and vacation is offered

Cons: Working in silos, many incompetent managers that working only for themselves and try to please their superior forgetting that the only important thing beside safety is the final customer. Wrong Culture.
Advice: Open your minds, discover the strength of a healthy culture, work for the final customer not for your career and income growth.
Pros: Compensation could be ok if you work for proper group and location.  Product is getting nicer and more performant. Big company where you can learn a lot.

Cons: Highly political. Promotion of external candidates who bring in their friends and promote them. Many good people who have been with the company 10 yrs plus, leave due to low pay, and politics.Old school buddy system. Newbies coming in are not held to same level of accountability as old timers.
Advice: Promote people who are worthy and have a track record of performance.
Pros: Pay and vacation. Facility is good. Good car discount. Work and family balance depends on direct leadership. Systems are fairly good.

Cons: As a millennial its hard to work in an environment that is really slow to progression. but its a great job. Didn't feel like the company invested their time on me for improvement (when i didn't know something or did something wrong i wouldn't know till my yearly review).
Advice: Better communication. Invest time on the employee and they will invest in the company.
Pros: Great job, friendly environment. Made so really great people. Hard working helpful people.

Cons: It is a large org. It can be  daunting to make effective changes to process. There is politics. Too many people, levels make decisions. This needs to be streamlined..
Advice: Have a real vision. Triple zero is not a vision. It is more a mission. The brand / marketing teams need to think more than 6 months out and be more strategic.
Pros: Changing in the right direction. It is starting to be quite strategic. There is a lot of energy to innovate.

Cons: Too many products (future and current) too many directions, never meeting deadlines in any phase of the development/validation, and definitely not enough staff or budget in the essential areas. Too big of a company to make a difference and/or be noticed/professionally recognized. Also, be aware that they can be hiring and firing at the same location at one time.
Advice: Too many layers, too much distance between CEO and floor.
Pros: Plenty of opportunities, new jobs opening all the time

Cons: You need to be extremely well connected if you want to have a chance at getting promoted. It's not too hard to get in, but very hard to move up since they prefer to hire someone new as opposed to promoting someone when there is a job opening.
Advice: Promote more people internally
Pros: Good work life balance, rarely worked more than 40 hours a week
Great retirement benefits, well above average contribution and matching
Amazing health insurance
Management is competent and relaxed

Cons: Work/life balance, Bad balance of managers to employees (More people telling people to do the work than there are people to do the work), hard to move around in the company, very content to just keep doing things how they have always been done, even if it's not working.
Advice: There's a lot of good things at the top but nothing ever seems to trickle down to the employees that it would help.
Pros: Good benefits, UAW Holidays off

Cons: The direction of the company changes so much it is tough to plan ahead.  Also, the more tenured employees are treated a lot better than the newer employees both in terms of workload and opportunities.
Advice: Stop playing favors to the more tenured managers and treat all employees the same.  Make it easier for working parents to have a work life balance.  Start addressing the glut of middle managers who add no value and shirk all of their work onto their employees.
Pros: You have the benefit of putting a Fortune 500 company on your resume.  Health, dental, and disability coverage is competitive

Cons: Environment has gone toxic now they must weather the lack of demand for new vehicles
Advice: Drop stack ranking and forced PIPs.  I know that you must force hands of some managers to show "managerial courage", however you need to see past that and let leaders lead.
Pros: Doing cool stuff! Working on cutting edge technologies, great place to gain experience if you end up on the right team.

Cons: Workload depends on team, which changes by rotation for TRACK engineers. First rotation was light (~25 hours), second was heavier (~50 hours), etc. Overall, I think most engineers work the usual 40 hours or so.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is high for COL, work is fairly interesting, big company for the resume, benefits are good and time off (even starting) is fairly high. Promotions happen fairly quickly and raises are above COL adjustments.

Cons: The culture is very much a us/against them facility and you don't see anyone from upper management that try and dispel this.
Advice: I would recommend that the folks that actually build the trucks be given some say in the implementation of standards and policies,  so you get the buy-in from traction level.
Pros: I take pride in my work, so I'm able to see the product me and my team built. This aspect I enjoy.

Cons: The crooked local union made back door deals and let low life thieves keep their jobs.  GM ultimately moved the work we did to Mexico.  What a shame.  Loved that job.
Advice: There were some characters for sure as supervisors.  Only advice I'd give is keep the ones that treated the good workers like humans, not livestock.
Pros: Made real money and lifelong friends.  Had the best benefits and plenty of time off.

Cons: A little disorganized with new building and ongoing construction (4th floor still under construction). Very locked down IT network (forget remote desktoping to home PC or SSH'ing into remote server, etc.).
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary, benefits (especially the relocation benefit), brand new building and total IT restructuring so great equipment and environment. Casual dress on most days (jeans and collared shirt for example). Young to middle age co-workers... great to work with.

Cons: overtime is often not optional, thus often end up working 7 days a week and somtimes 12 hour days, management is unorganized and condescedning, work life balance is poor, hard to move from plant to tech center
Advice: Give people a day off. Show more respect to your employees.
Pros: good pay, profit sharing, oppurtunities for overtime pay even as salary, education benefits, working in the plant teaches you to think quickly to resolve and issue and keep the line moving

Cons: The compensation is average - they offer use of corporate cars as compensation/benefits. 

GM is slow to get anything done. Approval after approval after approval- meetings after meetings after meetings without actually getting somewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has decent benefits, good training, and provides more holidays off then most fortune companies. I work with a lot of great fun people. Not a stressful environment; work-life balance is good.

Cons: * The long hours. If you are young with a young family this may not be the most healthy job for familys.
Advice: * Respect and support front line supervisors.
Pros: * Being able to see a finised product you helped build on the road getting friends and family from point A to point B makes you satisfied. 
* Able to move up the ranks through promotion. 
* Vacation time
* Checks never bounced.... never.

Cons: Until you are hired on full time you have no rights and all the responsibility.  Don't ever be late.  Don't ever miss work.  They want employees who care more about work than taking care of family.
Advice: Give your workers a chance to make the job work.  Work should not be more important than every other facet of life.
Pros: General Motors pays well and you have the opportunity to work a lot of hours

Cons: I can not think of any downsides yet..there is a measure of ambiguity due to size, but at at the base levels, management is good
Advice: maybe a little less GMS and a little more engineering, but I'm still getting paid, so....oh well! Good environment to work in, thanks!
Pros: GM has so many programs to help employees, and so many different departments, if you ever feel like your career has "hit a wall", it is your fault!

Cons: Because they are in the middle of an IT transformation, there are a million processes in place that show down any actual work.  The red tape is often difficult to get through.
Advice: Work harder/better on implementing Agile processes and not trying to keep waterfall going at the same time.
Pros: The benefits are above any I've had: 401k, bonus, vacation, paid company holidays - all sound basic but are better than average here.

Cons: The application and interview process was extremely long. It took a long time for me to hear back from the company. Also, I interviewed for a job in one location and ended up getting the job in a different location.
Advice: None
Pros: I love this company! GM cares about their employees and is genuinely concerned with each individual's success. This is the perfect job to start my career post college!

Cons: Awful culture. Very poor treatment of employees. Compared to other equivalent companies, the benefits are very sub par. Raises are average 0-3%. Management looks for any excuse to decrement bonuses. Management openly discussed employees health, mental issues, age in group forums in order to justify non promotion, no raise, no bonuses. All discussions of these employee private information with HR present and is viewed as acceptable.
Advice: Replace all management who were in place during ignition switch cover up. The culture of bullying and intimidation is still alive and well.
Pros: Very few lay offs. Some very talented people. No matter what the company does, the federal government will keep them afloat.

Cons: Offices for only the highest ranking executives - cubical works space for everyone else.  Limited flexibility to work at home (exception basis only).
Advice: Keep focus on maintaining employee morale, continue recruiting top talent from universities as well as professional hires. Remember your team is only as strong as its weakest player.
Pros: GM offers a great company culture, a good benefits package, stable work environment with wide range of career opportunities, and employees are generally happy to work there.

Cons: Difficult to advance unless you're family legacy or "marked" for fast advancement.   Some managers not well coached in managing, don't support or "have their employee's backs",  some areas favored over others, a lot of office politics, VERY silo-ed organization making expansion of learning limited; this varies by department.  Base pay relatively low but descent benefits package.
Advice: None
Pros: big name, big company, stable; generally good education and training onsite in various areas

Cons: Deadlines and resources unrealistic at times.
Advice: Be more realistic in your ability (or lack there of) to rank people and  understand technical details.  Talk to your people and listen.  To hear multiple new engineers in their twenty's say director level management is "sketchy" was a real shocker.
Pros: Great and challenging work, with pride of accomplishment when its done.  Coworkers bend over backwards to help each other out.

Cons: Old timers at MPG and Pontiac are eating up the company like termites. Resistance to change. Working in silos. Lack of System Integration
Advice: Get the old timers replaced by fresh talent from outside. Hire talented experienced senior engineers from diverse backgrounds, so that company can benefit from alternative thinking and ideas.
Pros: Product Development at Warren is great

Cons: - Locked into position for first year as a NCH
- No additional percentage raises for performance outside on top of the 4.4%
Advice: Continue listening to your employees! I am genuinely proud to be apart of the GM family and feel valued.
Pros: - competitive pay, with great bonus and semi annual 4.4% raise structure for new college hires
- great benefits
- good work/life balance
- wide variety of IT tracks to enter into

Cons: The company is very large and that can be a little overwhelming. They go a great job making it not as incredibly overwhelming and you work and get to know your team on a pretty intimate level so that makes it feel less intimidating.
Advice: None
Pros: The work culture is absolutely amazing here. I feel encouraged and welcomed as an entry level hire and I am very excited to see where these next few years take me with GM.

Cons: -Due to COVID, it was a very individual assignment. With the project itself, there was not a team dynamic. Mostly got feedback from weekly meetings or sending messages.
Advice: None
Pros: -Manager is always looking to help and wanting to know how you're doing
-Asked me what my interests were and allowed me to rank what kind of project I would want to work on.
-Provided several opportunities to learn about other departments and meet other interns.

Cons: The excitement and passion of the auto industry has completely evaporated leaving nothing but fear of the future and disdain of leadership
Advice: There performance should not be rated against how well they do for themselves (e.g. cost cutting), but how well they do for the organization as a whole.
Pros: It gives you exposure to the auto-industry's working.  Additionally, it lets you see how poor leaders can lead to a broken company.

Cons: Long hours building stuff all day, little time to sit down and actually eat lunch. There is alot of drug tests which can be a bummer.
Advice: Treat us union workers with more respect please. All we want to do is work and leave. Building good cars for America is crucial to fighting the terrorists
Pros: Best place to sit around and do nothing if your into that. Love my job hate the management. Pay is ok I guess.

Cons: top mgmt changing constantly since bankruptcy, top mgmt has pressure for their program of the day, existing employees stuck with everybody's an idiot image.
Advice: listen to employees, and then make your moves.  don't paint everyone with the same brush.  Keep an open mind to past successes and failures and study them.
Pros: reasonable pay, facilities are a plus, local mgmt is interested.  benefits are still good, although they have decreased since bankruptcy.

Cons: A lot of people do not know how to work as a team.
Advice: * Recruit the best people in the industry or outside, bring in great leaders and allow them to make changes to its work culture and attitudes.
* More focus on the products by improving its quality and styling.
Pros: Engineering oriented company: technical inclined engineers should love to work there, since you get to do and try a lot of things.

Cons: Cyclical, highly competitive industry that is also highly visible and regulated.   Lower margins than some other companies and profit centers narrow.  Still some scars from bankruptcy.
Advice: Keep remembering how lucky we are.
Pros: Company is growing again around the world.  Lots of opportunities to shape the future of personal mobility.  Great intellectual challenges. Good work-life balance.  Easy to move between functions and often regions.

Cons: Cut throat mentality, lack work/life balance, old school mentality, slow to adapt, lean in the wrong areas of the company, lazy HR department
Advice: Focus on recruiting and retaining top talent. Ditch the old school mentality and realize that top talent doesn't need you. Better companies are working harding than you to get the best students out there. Great companies are run by great people.
Pros: Fast paced, quick decision making, team atmosphere due to great manager and fellow supervisors

Cons: Large company pains = lots of IT issues and overly complicated processes sometimes.  Job opportunities can seem limited to your "silo" unless you do some serious networking.
Advice: A company sponsored lease program would be great!
Pros: The culture is continually evolving to meet the needs and wants of employees.  The company takes great effort into improving employee engagement.  A workplace of choice survey is given and actions are taken to ensure improvement.

Cons: Need to negotiate smart before sign the offer. HR don't tell all you can get.
Advice: Advise to HR : They should offer most benefits in term of vacation, sign up bonus because when one finds out after accepting offer, they feel cheated.
Pros: Great company to work for. Best working environment I have seen in my 18 years of overall working experince. Willing to mentor, share knowladge, help each other to achive end goal.

Cons: - software development process is really messed up. 
- Quite a few low/middle level managers make money and drive GM cars while not making real contributions.
- Slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: - GM is moving outsourced IT services back to the U.S., including software development.
- Good 401(k), inexpensive health insurance, possible bonus. Salary is average.
- above average holiday/vacation days (although vacation days can't be rolled over to next year)
- work environment is pretty decent.

Cons: The company is still heavily invested in previous ways of business.  Much of the work is top down and developers are not involved in product development.
Advice: Let developers solve the problems that the business owners have.  Don't let the solutions be prescribed for development.
Pros: You'll work for a global company with many hard-working people.  The benefits are very good and the work life balance is reasonable

Cons: They make it hard to move around and trap you in jobs much longer than you want to be and I do not like that.
Advice: Keep moving in the direction you are going, getting rid of the bad apples and you will be the best automotive company in the world once again.
Pros: It has changing the workplace of choice is great. There are lots of activities to get into and lots of opportunities to learn.

Cons: Hard to get corporate to understand the issues at the individual plant level.  Always looking to save money in places where there is no more to take away.
Advice: Listen to the employees, they are your most valuable asset.  Be more forthcoming with news, good or bad, we are in this together.
Pros: Great company, great pay and benefits.  Will support you and your ideas if they feel it can improve the company.  Team attitude.

Cons: Some leaders have no engineering experience. They don't understand their jobs. Some plants act first and then ask for a deviation.
Advice: Remember that GM is part of American history. Keep up with caring for validation and accountability and driving a solution to problems and keep moving towards safety.
Pros: Exciting projects. An iconic company.  GM is America. Children dream of working for GM.  Awesome cars and trucks. I just love it. Most days at least.

Cons: No career path for IT engineers, Almost impossible to move from one level to another. Company never sponsors team events. No free snacks in the break room and have to even pay for coffee in the break room.
Advice: Enable a career path for engineers and encourage good working environment by sponsoring team events and treats.
Pros: Very good benefits, great 401k plan, great work/life balance, great bonuses based on how well the cars sell.

Cons: Although the culture is changing, it's still too risk averse and fear-based which limits innovation.
Advice: Continue your great efforts to change the culture to reduce fear and unlock innovation.
Pros: Working at GM offered a wide variety of roles and opportunities including internal startups, international assignments, technology, and the opportunity to build multiple businesses/revenue streams - great company.

Cons: Hard to see results quickly because teams are massive but it’s good for working on skills to work cross functionally and in a convincing or persuasive way.
Advice: Merit pay increases should follow performance ratings. If someone’s consistently exceeds performance, they should move up their pay band more quickly instead of following a schedule of increases.
Pros: Above great benefits, great work life balance, family feel, tons of opportunity within the company to move. 8% match on 401k.

Cons: Lots of useless managers, too many levels of management, and more vice presidents than you can shake a stick at. Slow to change and lots of outdated tech.
Advice: Get rid of all the managers (some don't even have subordinates), make the managers you keep perform instead of just fill a seat, and figure out a way to speed up your refresh cycles.
Pros: Good 401K match, decent healthcare benefits, and that's about it.

Cons: non-supportive leadership, timid leadership, frozen middle management, afraid of risk, slow to apply innovations and learn, selfish, gaslighting culture, too big, difficult to communicate to leaders, too many silos, leaders say the right thing and then never do the right thing, many resources but no way to use them, difficult to move jobs, leaders switch positions often.
Advice: take risks, trust your employees, support your employees,
Pros: open environment, honors vacation, good pay, good benefits,

Cons: Can have too many meetings at times. I got put into QA when I first joined GM after we talked about data science my entire interview. I had to burn some bridges to get out of QA after six months.
Advice: Take the new employee's opinions into account when it comes to team placement.
Pros: People are awesome, pay is good, benefits great. The work is very interesting if you're ambitious enough to get into certain teams.

Cons: Major recent changes in health insurance benefits, employees must pay higher deductibles before benefits kick in.  Lots of poor team leaders and managers with no experience leading people.
Advice: People in leadership positions should be required to attend regular training and receive quarterly performance reviews using feedback from peers and subordinates.
Pros: Salaries are in line with the rest of the industry.  There are a variety of classes to upgrade or improve your skills.

Cons: Old Management Style.  Stuck in comfort zone of old methodologies.  Management decisions are not driven by data.  Processes change before they are implemented.
Advice: Stick with a process fully to determine effectiveness even if it isn't your process.  Implement and grow.  You can't develop reliable data to understand where you are at if you do not.
Pros: Great Benefits.  Comfort of a large corporation. Travel Availability.

Cons: Management not familiar with the requirements for supporting a mainframe shop composed of 25 LPARs running z/OS, CICS, VSAM, DB2, TSO, ISPF and a host of application systems.
Advice: Spend some time talking to the people supporting and maintaining yourz/OS, CICS, VSAM, DB2, TSO, ISPF and application systems.  Pay more attention to the needs of your staff.
Pros: Interesting systems composed of 25 LPARs running z/OS, CICS, VSAM, DB2, TSO, ISPF and a host of application systems.

Cons: IT's almost as if the management wants to make your job as hard as possible. There is little to no communication between the line and the Group leads.
Advice: Be more open with your subordinates and communicate with the Team Leads on expectations for the day.
Pros: Good Pay Great benefits. The Spring Hill plant has some of the most advanced auto assembly tech,and they know how to use it.

Cons: Shift rotation and need to move to different plants. A lot of plants require salary employees to rotate shifts and career advancement often requires a move to a different plant.
Advice: None
Pros: The money is great and there is are endless career opportunities. There are very few restrictions in career mobility and employees are encouraged to seek out jobs they would enjoy.

Cons: Leadership in some areas are too narrow minded to see innovation potential. Punitive leadership is rampant in some areas and leads to fear based decision making.
Advice: Get your message of One Team and Drive for Innovation to ALL of your leadership.
Pros: Very innovative capabilities in both automotive and IT. Lots of young talent eager to make a difference. Diverse opportunities in many disciplines.

Cons: I worked in GMIT for 4 years. I no longer do. If you were family, I would advise you to avoid GMIT for several reasons:

(1) There is no defined technical career plan if you don't want to become a Project Manager. GM likes to pretend (lie) that not having a defined technical career plan speaks to the various career opportunities that you will encounter at GM. In reality, out of my 4 years at GM, i saw a grand total of TWO people in my org (about 150 people) get promoted. The rest stayed in same position, switched teams, or left GM altogether. Many of the people in my org who I respected as brilliant engineers inevitably leave GM for greener pastures.



(2) GM doesn't appreciate IT. They talk a lot about having a vision of GM as a tech company while simultaneously offering none of the perks of tech companies and certainly nowhere close to the salary (esp in Austin, a growing tech hub). Pay for coffee, pay for food at "lunch &amp; learn" event, etc

(3) Many of your colleagues in GMIT will be low-performers and you will often have to clean up after them. This is largely due to the complete absence of technical questions during the interview. It's all personality questions. So you end up working with people who are polite and incapable of innovation.

(4) Many teams don't follow best practices for software development. Code review, continuous integration, blue-green deploy, unit testing, etc .... completely absent on many teams. Your skills will actually end up deteriorating if you're not careful (even as a college grad with a clean slate mind) . Imagine going to an interview for your next job and saying "we didn't write unit tests" - who would want to hire that engineer ? If you do end up working at GMIT, have your side projects that you work on at home so that you can actually solve interesting problems and have something to talk about in interviews.
Advice: (1) This may seem brutal but you need another round of massive layoffs. For the amount of work done, there is no reason GMIT needs to be greater than 1,000 people globally. Get rid of the folks who refuse to grow with the skill set required in today's IT. 

(2) Offer competitive salaries if you wish to retain IT talent. Before you do that, recognize that GM is dead without innovative IT so stop thinking of IT as a cost center and instead as a catalyst that drives innovation in every other part of the business. I was able to leave and get a 50% raise in Austin - you will never retain top talent at this rate.

(3) Offer a "technical track" for IT folks who don't enjoy being in meetings all day and enjoy solving tough technical problems. Again, this will help retain talent.
Pros: Lots of vacation given on day 1

Cons: Management only promotes minorities, family or drinking buddies.  Looking at the future I am glad that I got out. They will file for bankruptcy again. They spend like drunken sailors on leave.  Too many yes men in the ranks, need some people to give them a reality check.
Advice: Move managers around, be more open to ideas from the peanut gallery.
Pros: Good money and benefits, if you are connected.

Cons: Shrinking automotive market
Layoffs are bound to happen again, soon
Turning into a tech company
Typical corporate inefficiencies and moral deliemmas that can be frustrating at times
Advice: None. Every manager I had was excellent
Pros: Great Work/life balance
Competitive Salary
Lots of smart hard working people at GM
You manage your time and business. You gain a lot of skills and business knowledge due to how much responsiblity you have.

Cons: Upper management is very old school and out of touch. The worst managers get the most awards and those teams live in daily fear. Majority of workers are just getting through the day.
Advice: None
Pros: Some good leadership, depending on group, Great energy with the younger hires. Some awesome senior employees who are a joy to work with. Great vacation/sick benefits.

Cons: Good old boy system is as strong as ever. Poor performance doesn't matter if you're a legacy hire. Opportunities are much different person to person depending on your manager. Different rules for promotion depending on if they want you in the job or not.
Advice: Make requirements for the same job consistent for everyone. Upper management tends to talk down to everyone like they are of superior intellect.
Pros: Good wages, good training, safe environment.

Cons: lots of expectation for some roles/positions in certain departments, while other positions with the same pay in different departments work way less hours and have less to worry about. Although they say it is possible, it is really hard to move around to other positions
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance effort is improving, amazing pay and benefits, great vacation time that is respected, lots of holidays off

Cons: Leadership is the worse. Many supervisors and managers in people leader roles who are not people leaders and developed themselves. Lack of education and knowledge.
Advice: Promote people in leadership roles who are leaders.  Have had leadership training.
Pros: Great work life balance. Have met really nice people. Acquired a great deal of knowledge and experience. Excellent professional development courses offered. Lots of community involvement and giving back.

Cons: Too big to navigate. You have to make an effort to get yourself be recognized. Pay not competitive to the west coast. But cost of living is cheaper in the midwest...
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is doing the right thing for the customer, and for the people. Probably the best time for a new hire to work at GM. Making investments in the right places.

Cons: Salary is probably below market versus other companies. GM banking on it's prowess as a huge company to pay workers less.
Advice: Research the market more to give a more fair salary for careers that other competitors are offering more for.
Pros: Good benefits and perks, but the market value for salary is usually lower than what it would be versus another company. I feel the company feels this is offset by the perks/benefits.

Cons: Working with the Union is the worst experience I have ever had in my life. Union employees are the laziest sacks of dung I have ever dealt with. No wonder GM went bankrupt.
Advice: Start firing the lazy union people.
Pros: GM on resume for future jobs. Salary is nice because of 401k matching up to 8% of salary. Health coverage and dental coverage included as well. You get to also make sure the company is making quality parts.

Cons: Long hours and hard work.  Management can be stubborn.  Lots of unknowns while working in the auto industry
Advice: Start listening to your employees suggestions and lay off the stubborn and harsh mentalities.  We're on the same team
Pros: Benefits, Salary, Paid time off, Health care, transfer opportunities, union labor, tuition assistance, lots of different types of work available.

Cons: Lots of new college hires who know less than they think they know. In some areas technology is lacking due to conservative decisions and not wanting to spend licensing money for latest bells and whistles.
Advice: Drill down to lower levels to find out what the people need. In what seems to only be going down to the Director level you are losing valuable information.
Pros: A Lot of exciting new work

Cons: Can be tough to move up the ladder. Review process is not the fairest in my opinion. it is one sided and managers can make up whatever they want- pretty much.
Advice: Add 360 evaluations and make organizations more flat. that would be my biggest advice to you.
Pros: Big company advantage. You can move around and try different opportunities so that is a big plus. Also the culture is changing from the pre bankruptcy times.

Cons: micro management, horrible processes, extensive processes, lack of trust, lack of good management.  Management does not develop employees.  They assume you know everything you will ever need to know.  You are criticized for asking questions.
Advice: Read some periodicals on what employees are looking for.
Pros: Flexible work hours.  Enjoy vehicle discount.  Environment is changing too fast to even mention and they are removing the security of office location for walk up seating.

Cons: Dealers & UAW have too much power, there are too many managers that have to justify their existence, too many "YES" men/women including top leadership
Advice: Promote more job movement with worker 'bees', minimize multiple 'layers' of leadership, give more buyouts to UAW to get rid of "Us v. Them" attitude, respect workers
Pros: Pay is good, benefits are okay, vacation earned is great, stock savings plan is average to above average, flexible time encouraged at HQ

Cons: During the months where they offer "Supplier for everyone" you will make a flat commission from your dealer. You have to sell the vehicle for invoice even if you can make gross you are forced to sell it for invoice............
Advice: Depends on the dealer you work for.
Pros: Great Spins from GM! Could make up to $225 per unit aside from your dealership commission.

Cons: One of the cons is that you may not necessarily be a part of the design activity. You have to manage the project as a whole as well as manage suppliers.
Advice: Empower the DRE
Pros: The environment is very dynamic and versitile. The engineer interfaces with almost every aspect of the company especially when placed on project early on in the pre-development phase. Quite a bit of knowledge can be gained from peers with several years experience.

Cons: Management was confused on what products they needed to focus on first to re-build the brands. Detroit can only get better.
A lot of dead wood being carried by the hard working few who care.
Advice: Listen and enable the staff working for you.
Pros: Products are going from strength to strength. Great people on all levels. Some suburbs of Detroit are seeing dramatic rises in property value.

Cons: No Cons at all - couldn't ask for more in an employer.
Advice: None
Pros: Leading pay and benefits. Plenty of job opportunities. You can be anything you want to be at GM - engineer, attorney, nurse. Rewards systems provide a sense of accomplishment. The groups you work in are certainly more of a team. High level diversity in work force provides a chance to learn in different ways and meet people that balance your skill set.

Cons: Painfully boring if it's not something you're passionate about. As a temp, you could be laid off and have no idea when you'd be returning.
Advice: Give more benefits and understanding to your temps. They might not have been there as long as your permanent employees, but they work just as hard.
Pros: Good pay, occasional overtime, consistent work environment so it's easy once you get the hang of each job you're assigned to.

Cons: Too much red tape, no one innovates in the innovation center. Management is busy playing blame game and running around putting fires out. Absolutely no vision to handle IT business
Advice: Think like an IT company. Let technical folks focus on their experties
Pros: Good salary, benefits, vacation 401k, health insurance, dental

Cons: Bad work environment that time.  Mass college recruitment  in 2012-13 when the new CIO came in with his lieutenants and bring in people.  Too much ideas and work processes floating around.  I felt no sincerity on management.  Look at where are they now. ... These kids left and move on somewhere..
Advice: Do not focus on mass college recruitment.  Respect the ideas of experienced employees and don’t compare them to these kids whose very hungry to move upwards at all cost!  Hire more experienced and seasoned professionals.
Pros: Ok salary, good vacation number upfront starting at 3 weeks + additional

Cons: -Areas are in deep silos
-Large bureaucracy
-A lot of politics involved
-Moving from area to area can be difficult
Advice: Re-evaluate upper management's decisions to how day-to-day work is being done. There are large disconnects between processes upper management wants versus how day-to-day work is actually done. Director level and higher don't know how systems and work is actually done at the analyst level.
Pros: -Strong structure/support for day-to-day work
-Highly competitive wages
-Generous amount of vacation and holidays

Cons: I was downsized after 29 years of loyal service, just before I could retire.  Clear case of age discrimination in my opinion. You will not be promoted in unless you are part of "the club" of insiders.
Advice: Think of the ramifications of replacing highly experienced people with millennials, may not be wise. Stop hyper focusing on electric cars that can't be sold at a profit.
Pros: Very good pay and benefits.

Cons: Going in as a temp you are just "USED" to take the place of people who are out for a period of time...once they come back, the temps are gone. You go in every day not knowing where you will work. Once you get the hang of it after a day or two, they move you to a completely different job. DO NOT go here thinking you have a great new career...it could take you literally years to get hired on. Also, Wentzvile facility is outdated and very dirty.
Advice: None
Pros: -Not enough training on each job
-No real job security
-Start as a temp and can be a temp for 5 years or more!

Cons: Management has the right to mismanage
Completely toxic environment like an abusive relationship
Management is completely dishonest and plays games and manages through emotions
No advancement
Will refuse to listen to you
Out of a 8-hour day you'll be abused for 5 hours 3 hours you might be left alone
Management uses favorites and it's the kiss butts
Although we have a contract management refuses to work with us in good faith
This job most likely will cause you hardship in your life at some point to another it's not worth the money.
Advice: It wouldn't matter to give advice to management they won't listen to anyone or anything.
Pros: Profit sharing,
Study paycheck
No other pros

Cons: No incentives, rewards for good employees.  Sometimes unrealistic in what they ask of you - don't always think through their action plans causing greater confusion and issues.
Advice: Need to start figuring out how to keep the talent you have - Talent is what makes a company, no the other way around.
Pros: Because it's small, you can get involved and learn about different things.  Also, this provides you greater exposure to all management.

Cons: Has stigma given bankruptcy
Has high leadership turnover
Business model demands rigourous and continual cost reduction
Product category is mature
Advice: Keep working to make GM a viable business for generations to come.  The future will reward car companies with great products and GM is well positioned to deliver great product.
Pros: Work with dedicated and professional people
Has resources to execute its plans
Great opportunites to apply and grow personal capabilities

Cons: I have no complaints yet. I know that people holding other positions all have things to say about union injustices, et cetera, but in my position my experience has been all good.
Advice: Tell me how I'm doing! As a student, I could use more feedback.
Pros: Excellent pay for a student (plus paid housing), real responsibilities and opportunities, great opportunities for networking, professional environment, and a phenomenal learning experience.

Cons: Very insolvent company. Poorly managed. Contracts are paid very poorly. Extended hours, weekends, holidays, and no prospects for ever rolling over. This company is not worth it! Try your experience and talent elsewhere where your degree will get challenged and your not babysitting of bunch of UAW cry-babies making over a third your entry-level salary!
Advice: Too much micro managing. Every department head seems to have a very myopic perspective on the business. They're just concerned with their little role and fail to see the bigger scheme of business operations.
Pros: I see absolutely no pros to working for GM.

Cons: It's easy to get stuck in certain roles especially if you perform well and others don't have those skills.
Advice: Get to know your employees. Learn their talents, skills and career aspirations. Manage the organization's goals along with employeesx goals.
Pros: Great people, work day flexibility,  wonderful vacation days.  The company has recognized that career development is important and has initiated new programs to assist employees.

Cons: I haven't had a negative experience here. I hope that they can figure out a way to eliminate the two-tier system once the new contract is made.
Advice: I think that the management team does a great job. GM's quality is up and sales are stronger than ever.
Pros: I was able to work here while attending college. Thanks to a good wage and tuition assistance, I will graduate debt free.

Cons: My advice to anyone considering working at the Global Service Desk at General Motors in Austin, Texas is to apply for the position of manure cleaner at the zoo.  You'll be better treated there and more respected as a human than at the GM GSD-Austin Sweatshop.
Advice: All of the local management needs to be fired and reprimanded for inhumane treatment.
Pros: There are absolutely no pros to working in this place. They hold out the potential onboarding with the company as bait to keep people there longer, but in the end, they just fire the temp workers and bring in a new training class each time.

Cons: The working environment is poor and filled with dysfunction at every turn.  There has been a long history of launch failures and this continues.  GM does not want to change and the culture is really bad.  I would think long and hard about working at GM as they are stuck in the past and like it there..
Advice: Management knows of issues but does not want to fix them.  They are more concerned with launching versus launching a successful product.
Pros: Working here was the most upsetting experience.  I can not think of one thing that is a pro to advise to other job seekers.

Cons: Getting rid of work from home was a great idea /sarcasm.   They lost their hardest working employees.   They lied and said exceptions would be made, and then denied everyone who put in to be an exception...you had to report to the office or were considered a voluntary quit.  It seems that they usually put the idiots in charge.
Advice: Get with the times.  Don't blindly follow other companies (HP, Yahoo) with policies.   Don't treat your employees like they are a liability.
Pros: Flexible with your shift.  Great people to work with.  My immediate manager actually seemed to care about me.

Cons: Work hours can be long (often 10+).  Slow development.  There wasn't a clear path for advancement and individuals often had to push the issue as leadership did't seem eager to move/promote anyone.  Not uncommon for people to remain Group Leaders for their entire careers.
Advice: Institute a rotational program for manufacturing.
Pros: Competitive salary, decent raises for performers.  Generous vacation time, 20 days after 3 years plus many holidays.  Good discount on new vehicles.

Cons: No cons, just a very good place to have a career
Advice: Keep up the values of supporting employees with career goals
Pros: The company provide many opportunities to expand your skills. This includes allowing employees to take on new roles. It also is a company that look out for their employees. Hard work, but worth the effort as far as career development is concerned. Most importantly, the managers are very supportive and helpful in advancing your career.

Cons: They are making real steps to try and reduce this, but I still feel some bias towards white men when it comes to promotions.
Advice: Allow your IT employees to have flexible work arrangements post-pandemic
Pros: - Love the CEO and direction of the company. They are really making an effort to become more ethical, sustainable, and safe.
-There are lots of internal job opportunities to move around.
-Great vacation, 401k matching, and maternity leave

Cons: Very poor work life balance, no support, imaginary deadlines, bad processes, and weird bureaucracy.
Advice: For work life balance; practice what you preach. Employees seem to be loosing their minds and are becoming burned out. I suggest investing in additional resources. Some areas of GM are impacted heavily and not everyone can be a people leader.
Pros: You learn a lot and get to use cutting edge tools and products.

Cons: There are times when you have to navigate many different organizations in the company to get to the right person (inherent in a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Came in to the rotational program straight out of college. Very much appreciated coming in with a class of other engineers which created a good support structure for the job. Also appreciate the effort GM has clearly put in to develop their young talent. Compensation is also first rate.

Cons: There is no work life balance , they switch your shifts without barely notice , they want you to work even when there is no work .. and they send you out to other departments instead of letting you go home , first shift is treated better than second
Advice: Learn how to manage better
Pros: The job has decent pay, and decent hours , you also get a profit sharing and bonuses and time off for Christmas

Cons: poor management.  even worse communication.  pay not all that competitive.  benefits getting worse every day.  little opportunity for advancement.  more likely to get demoted than promoted.
Advice: listen to your employees.  value what they have to say.  hold people accountable (and that means management too).  reward good employees.
Pros: lot of opportunity to work on a variety of projects.  able to gain experience in different functions.  very talented people.

Cons: If you are not an analyst, there is really no where else for you to advance in the Finance Division.
Advice: Some managers should allow the middle managers more autonomy, and allow them to take credit for a job well done.
Pros: Some of the reasons why I would encourage other to work at GM include, challenging work, respectful environment, comparable pay and benefits and a good work life balance.

Cons: Few opportunities for promotion due to a shrinking  organization.  This migh improve over time as there are a lot of manager with many years that are close tio retirement.
Advice: Hire more management from outside the company to get more fresh ideas.
Pros: Interesting job with an oportunity to work with a lot of experienced people. Get to work on interesting products that will have an impact in the market place.

Cons: If you're in design or research, you'll be continually battling for acceptance of your ideas.  It's a "no" organization to the nth degree.
Advice: The middle layer needs to go to bat for their employees more.  Stop acting as if you have tenure, and re-discover that passion you had when you first started at the company.
Pros: If you're an engineer, I imagine it would be great.  They are also very gracious with holidays and vacation.  Finally, I found the employee discounts on products to be nice.

Cons: Can be lost in the large bureaucratic organization.  Too many leadership changes.
Advice: If a company fails, it doesn't mean that all the former people and all the former processes were broken or at fault.
Pros: Many opportunities in different business functions and different places around the world.  If you're willing to work hard and take the initiative, you will be rewarded.

Cons: Big, bureaucratic and political. Can't get all the parts working together in the same direction. Most lifers are better off than newbies. Still the old GM.
Advice: Focus. Eliminate extraneous work. Break down road blocks. Develop leaders, not same old inbred management.
Pros: Can be great experience working with large budgets, big brands, big projects. Benefits are still very good although they are continually being reduced. Pockets of really smart people.

Cons: - Seems as if the company is still trying to figure out how to run things at times
- BA's don't give good user stories or requirements, which end up being left to the dev/test team
Advice: None
Pros: - Seems as if there could be great potential for advancement
- Professional work environment
- Training is available for College new hires (not sure about experienced hires)

Cons: Michigan, or namely Detroit, is not the first place I would choose to live, given the cold and the crime. But I think the Mid western people will make up for it all in all.
Advice: None
Pros: Hard to say as I have not started yet, but seems like it will be a great environment for those that love cars. It also seems like a job that will allow for a strong work life balance.

Cons: The enormity of the company causes severe inefficiencies, and the sheet number of processes to follow is stifling.  As an engineer, this left little time for actual engineering work.
Advice: A restructuring of the infotainment teams so that engineers aren't overburdened with non-engineering work seems necessary.
Pros: There are plenty of opportunities because the company is so large.  The facilities are satisfactory for the most part.  Company benefits are generous.

Cons: Too many silos - departments and teams do not communicate well with each other; very big organization so there's a lot of waste and inefficiencies, too many layers of management, and work does not seem important nor have great visibility.
Advice: Trim the fat and give employees more responsibility and the ability to make decisions on their own
Pros: Large company so there's a lot of opportunity to move around and try different functional roles.

Cons: Horrible Union that stands up for nothing, rude employees & supervisors, strenuous work, long hours with no consideration for the people which in turn produces a terrible product for the customer because the employees don't care
Advice: Don't walk on your employees. You only check a couple cars daily out of the hundreds produced which is only going to put hundreds, if not thousands, of horrible product on the road. Despite having a discount, after seeing the lack of care that goes into the products I'll stick with Honda or Toyota and tell anyone I know to do the same.
Pros: Decent wage, fair to decent insurance

Cons: IT leadership has lost its vision
Too much politics in IT
If you are not in the in-network, you have no progression.
Very little to no chance of career growth.
Lots of lip service about people growth and development
IT directors are territorial and prevent people for moving into other organizations
Advice: IT executives - Move away and make room for new generation!
Pros: Excellent CEO and NA President!
Great products!

Cons: Nobody knows anything about the projects. Managers load you with work , senior members in the team are too arrogant to train or help. Not a job/company that you want to look forward to every Monday morning.
Advice: Learn a thing or two about professionalism. COMMUNICATE! MOTIVATE!
Pros: Whatever one can learn in 3 months is what someone could learn forever working here.

Cons: movement within is difficult
starting pay is low for the area
buddy system for desired roles or avoiding layoffs
Advice: stop hiring managers to manage managers to manage managers
Pros: Little micromanaging
raises put your salary on par for the area after the 3 years in new college hire program
bonus is nice @ 10% of salary (requirements can make or break it)

Cons: Top down approach to leadership and management in recent years.  Hard to move around.  Quick to release even the most loyal people when cost reductions come.
Advice: Stop talking culture and act like the company that you say you want to be.
Pros: Very good educational benefits.  Decent medical, dental, etc.  Great compensation package including paid company car at the management level and above.

Cons: The processes to get innovation done and into production is pretty heavy.
Advice: The cost reduction focused process should not be applied to the innovation areas. New processes need to be designed for the teams to be able to  innovate and fail fast and able to recover.
Pros: Depends on where in the company you work, but the work is pretty exciting in the innovation space, especially in the connected vehicle area.

Cons: After the first 24 to 30 months management starts hitting you with false performance issues so they can justify shoving you out the door for another college hire because they will work for less money - don't waste your time with this company and there BS
Advice: Back up your initial slick talk and promises with actions
Pros: Okay initial pay and okay health benefits with 401k

Cons: * Old guard is not willing to take chances
* Failure results in being ostracized instead of following the "fail fast" paradigm
* Middle management has no willingness to take risks due to above item
Advice: * Promote people who question status-quo
* People who fail are actually more valuable if they learn their lesson (allow them to learn those lessons)
Pros: * Best paymaster in entier Metro Detroit Area
* Very new workforce (60% hired in last 5 years)

Cons: People are moved around too often. Beaurocracy and levels of management approval required for simple things, and lack of employee empowerment can be frustrating.
Advice: Seek the advice of the "people that know" before downsizing whole departments and then having to hire people back and pay extravagant expediting fees.
Pros: Very good pay and benefits. Great place to learn a lot of skills.

Cons: Management is not good.  People knowingly withhold information and raise their voices at their direct reports.  I do not want to work for a company that openly accepts this behavior for its managers.  Also, seems like 8B, 8A, and 8Z promotions are given to friends of friends in Austin.
Advice: Promote based on contribution and aptitude, not personal connections.  Stop tolerating bad managers who jawbone their employees
Pros: Great company with a lot of history.  Good amount of days off with knowledgeable co-workers and some good people around the office that general want to do good

Cons: Disappearing benefits, disappearing opportunities for growth.  As the company gets smaller, it's harder to climb the ladder.
Advice: Tell us how to advance within the company.
Pros: GM has the greatest history within the automotive industry.  The company pays well.  It's an honor to work for a company with so much history.

Cons: No job security, career advancement potential is extremely limited.  No real performance metrics, so involuntary separations seem to be based on perception or other subjective measures.
Advice: What happened to common sense?
Pros: It's hard to list any good reasons during these troubled times.  I'm sure that GM will survive and should emerge as a leaner and stronger company, so check back in a few years.  Working here now is depressing and stressful.

Cons: people that can not do job get moved up or given easy jobs,  dealing with uaw,  management dosn't support you in dealing with union
Advice: listen to the people on the floor, stop covering for underpreformers, help remove road blocks when dealing with the union
Pros: good pay,  weekend and early start  over time pay,  management works with you on time off,  lots of paid holidays,

Cons: Stagnant Growth opportunities after turn around. Less leadership jobs and many good candidates now in the company.
Advice: Provide more clear career progression picture/opportunities. Some of the leadership has been stagnant for ages and needs to be offered packages to get fresh leaders in these positions.
Pros: Global opportunities, learning in processes, & great people. More focus on making it a work place of choice for the employees.

Cons: Advancement in a company that large is quite difficult to achieve unless you know someone higher up and with unusual skills and achievements.
Advice: Work with all departments and individuals especially if they are willing and wanting to move ahead and achieve much in their lifetime.
Pros: Multiple tasks, benefits, personnel from all types of countries, persons willing to work together from all departments to accomplish many tasks for their group and many other areas.

Cons: Career development can stall very easily if you don't aggressively take an interest and control it on your own.
Non-monetary benefits are great, but monetary benefits are sometimes if not often overlooked
Advice: Focus on re-building the brand......and everything else will come.
Pros: Leaders are focused on ensuring that morale is high.
Organization is committed to doing whats right for the customer
Culture is improving....just need a little time

Cons: Everything here is slow. Nothing happens fast and decisions take weeks, sometimes months, to make. Politics weigh heavily at the director level and above and affect decision making.
Advice: Transparent communication with employees is a good thing. Wherever a communication vacuum exists people will fill it with what they perceive as true.
Pros: Flexible schedule, interact with many different people and departments. Working with smart, skilled people.

Cons: Most of powertrain engineering in being consolidated in the greater Detroit area so you must live in the area if you want to work in powertrain.
Advice: continue pushing the new company values that are pushing the entire company to increased sales and much higher customer satisfaction
Pros: strongly driven to provide excellent vehicles to the public, a new company attitude in recent years that gives the motivation to not only improve but to win.

Cons: Every single part of your body hurt after a day's work. Being summer help, D2, the people working the line would make you do every job they didn't want to and your breaks were used to belittle you
Advice: Quit playing favorites. I've seen so many young girls doing nothing because their butts were hanging out. Meanwhile the hard workers had to pick up their slack.
Pros: Great pay. A lot of over time

Cons: Very bad relationship between the union and management, everything was political. It was also an extremely demanding job from a physical standpoint.
Advice: Listen to your employees, they know the ins and outs of their jobs and they work extremely hard. If  you don't address their needs, you will not succeed.
Pros: Great pay, especially for younger workers. Also an incredible sense of pride and purpose to work there. Overall it was not a bad gig.

Cons: You get hired in as a temp. You never know when they will make you a regular employee. Everything is based on seniority. This is not the place for you if you have a family. You do not get to choose your shift. You never know if you are working 8, 10 or 12 hours.
Advice: Treat your workers with respect
Pros: The pay is very good, Benefits,Overtime is Always Available, Paid holidays, They pay for your school.

Cons: I noticed this for years that as employees become closer to retirement that management would work them harder than ever and seemed they would rather them die than retire them!! No conscious towards employee needs and ruthless. Many years of toiling only to have been recklessly abandoned at the end of my career. I hope anyone reading this will take this to heart!
Advice: Try to strike a balance between employees personal life and the needs of the business. Carefully screen middle and upper production and material control management before giving them power to destroy people's lives.
Pros: Good pay but lacking benefits package that got worse every year

Cons: Poor healthcare 
Pay for coffee
No company sponsored employee events. Employee had pay to attend company BBQ
No phone sets on desks 
Company does not pay for employee lunch when traveling on company business 
Micro management 
High employee turnover
Advice: This is an IT shop don't run it like a factory floor. Stops being a cheap penny pinching company. You want to be a google like company but don't have any google benefits. Hire more experienced professionals instead of hiring so many college grads. Spend some money on employees!!
Pros: Retirement plan and vacation. 
Company closes for a week around Christmas. 
No other pros apart from that. 
Car benefits
No vendors

Cons: When you first start off it is difficult to settle into one job due to seniority rights.
Advice: Listen you your employees they actually have good ideas about stuff to increase productivity.
Pros: I recommend General Motors because of the Benifits they provide at no cost and the amount of hourly pay and overtime you can get. Top out after 15 years is approx. 30 dollars an hour for line workers.

Cons: Not a lot of growth for an Executive Assistant. I think some of the EA's that have been here for 40+ years need to retire.
Advice: Promote from within
Pros: I have been working at GM for a little over 3 years now. I have had a great experience so far. I think we have a pretty good work-life balance and our vacation time and paid holidays are hard to beat. Health insurance is OK.

Cons: it was miserable, there was no room for growth, you are stuck in your role, hr knows and doesn't care, the only way is to quit to get out, thank goodness
Advice: allow employees to transfer, people with technical skills in pm roles and vice versa, not a good idea
Pros: work/life balance was very great, benefits were good, more time off then anywhere else

Cons: when they did site closure suspect they lost 65-70pct of the experienced engineers at Torrance, Ca. to competitors.  the small group was responsible for about 6-7 pct of general motors patents every year.  GM was probably about 300,000-350,000 employees.
Advice: None
Pros: worked in research & development so always interesting projects.  Freedom to develop interesting materials and processes.  small group approx 125 engineers so knew everyone.

Cons: Not a lot of institutional knowledge was documented. Due to years of perform supplier dependencies. Processes and doctrine has consistently changed.
Advice: Globalize more processes. Focus on creating technology and process Centers of Excellence. Create a standard knowledge management repository.
Pros: Has all of the different types of IT jobs under one roof. What may take several different companies to obtain the various IT skills and experiences throughout the industry can be done right in house.

Cons: It's a job.  It is hard to fully understand a single individuals contribution.  Sometimes we get in our own way with policies, etc
Advice: None
Pros: Size, internal mobility, training, balance.  Prior to GM I would only be at a job 2 to 3 years.  The bankruptcy days where ugly but I believe we have the right leadership to avoid major mistakes in the future

Cons: The company is very bureaucratic and hierarchical.  My observation is that the extroverted narcissists seem to excel into management.  Do not have a good process for selected people leaders.  Careers tend to be based on who you know rather than what you have accomplished
Advice: To get better people leaders
Pros: There is a great diversity of technologies, from hybrid to diesel, from Cruze to Escalade, from conventional to autonomous transportation.  Because of that, it is a good place to learn if you are just out of school.

Cons: Hard to climb the ladder unless you play the game. Must move around the company and promote yourself.
Advice: Executive management is outstanding. Middle management is full of technical/smart people that don't know how to manage PEOPLE. My advice is, fill middle management with more People Leaders instead of Technical Leaders.
Pros: GM is really making an effort to become a workplace of choice to attract talent.

Cons: Depends on the team you are in honestly. It could range from overtime, communications, expectations, the softwares, unity, and etc.
Advice: I personally feel like there are more ways that the management could help the individual employees to success, but it's not utilized.
Pros: Learning opportunity; you will learn for sure if you are willing.
Benefits
Mentorship
Community involvement
Variety of culture present
Location is good; not too much traffic

Cons: Slow career development and progression.  Leadership should put more emphasis on growing high performer and rely more heavily on past performance, rather than outside hires with an impressive resume.
Advice: Listen and process feedback and don't take it personal.  Receive the feedback as opportunities to improve leadership style!
Pros: Global manufacturer and leading the AV Development.  Diverse opportunities with a clear focus on culture initiatives.  Compensation is extremely well.

Cons: Many layers of management.  At one point, I counted 9 layers of management between myself and senior leadership.  Very hierarchical, you are discourage from speaking to your bosses boss even if your boss is gone
Advice: There is a lot of opportunity to flatten the organization.  There are some layers of management that do not add a lot of value
Pros: Interesting work, a lot of opportunity at company

Cons: End of June GM is moving all of the Pontiac campus employees (2,000+) to the Warren Tech Center which is a really long drive for many people.  Opportunities for growth seem somewhat limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Was a direct employee for 5 years. Good salary, good benefits, 401k with employer matching, generous vacation and paid holidays. 40 hour work weeks, no overtime. Relaxed atmosphere, limited supervision and the work was rewarding.

Cons: weak insurance.  if you are not associated with teams in austin. future job roles are restricted. too much politics among IT leaders and angst previous people with more than 5 years at company. Limited pay raises for experienced people
Advice: listen to the non executive to understand issue and stop the politics and promote talent not friends and previous people you hired elsewhere
Pros: first year looks promising, good benefits, especially 401k. Good starting pay

Cons: Commute times can be highly variable downtown.       During critical times you may be expected to work some crazy hours.
Advice: Keep up with the culture change.
Pros: Culture at GM is changing for the better, very competitive compensation, very talented colleagues.   Great amenities once you get here.   Expect to work very hard and the same from your peers.

Cons: Extremely political, Marketing Director and levels and below have little say over the direction of their brands, decision come from the top.  Little loyalty within regardless of the amount of effort you put in.  Limited fresh blood to bring new energy and ideas to their marketing world....very large and old ship to turn around.
Advice: I wish it mattered but the advice will not be listened to.
Pros: I have none at this time.

Cons: It's near impossible to navigate the corporate structure to get the right signatures. The size of the company leads to a difficult bureaucracy to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: Great corporate benefits, salary, opportunity for growth, and culture. I really enjoyed the people I worked with and the opportunities I was given. I learned a lot in a short time.

Cons: Part of what makes GM great is also a con in the sense of how fast company structure changes. You're provided so many opportunities but you have to keep rebuilding relationships with managers upon role changes.
Advice: Put forth great effort to get to know your employees.
Pros: - Competitive pay
- Great benefits
- Plenty of opportunities to change roles
- Most, if not all, your co-workers are smart and motivated people

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy, experience varies wildly from team to team, difficult to get anything to change.
Advice: Listen to the people on the ground floor. Management in a company this size is often disconnected from the day-to-day needs of employees and it got annoying having to play politics to get anyone to hear you. Also, break down silos.
Pros: Fantastic benefits, great work/life balance

Cons: GM had a big layoffs not too long ago, it was handled poorly. There is a reorg happening after the lay-off, showed how much the management don’t care about their employees. 

Bad manager- the females are treated so unfairly in the team compared to the male employees! 

Stop telling people they are free to apply for different roles internally and block them because all the politics behind the scenes!
Advice: Be more considered to your employees like you said you are. Stop giving out false promises and leave your people hanging for months.
Pros: Good benefits- lots PTOs, cheap health insurance

Cons: - If you earn a higher salary you might get laid off ( I have seen it happen)
- if you are a new hire you might get laid off within a year ( I have seen it happen) 
- too many levels of upper management
- lower levels of management are not leaders, they are just people who want status updates. They do not care for career growth of the employee whatsoever. They are making some horrible people that everyone dislikes people managers. 
- they lay off half your group and expect you complete all those tasks and then tell you you are doing an ok job despite the workload.
- they expect you to work 12 hours a day if you want to grow ( despite not having 12 hours of work) 
- most of GM is fat, they hire too many people because management and resource management is super poor.  
- If you aren’t a politician don’t work for GM if you want to grow, hard work doesn’t matter, who you
Know matters. Know your directors since managers do not have any power really ( or they don’t care).
- processes are slow and ancient. 
- they said autonomous and active safety is the safest place to be, they had layoffs there too.
-no work from home options 
-level system is horrible. Nobody knows what they mean, since people with 5 years of experience might be the same level as someone with 15 years. So many high level people have nothing much to do, so many low level people have so much more to do than them. 
-they want you to be scared of upper management , not befriend them and have a good working atmosphere. 
- 100 good things done, and one mistake you make , you are on the lay-off list.
- some people will stab your back to look better than you. 
-Drive competitive products and learn what is wrong with your vehicles. Active safety features are standard in Toyota and Honda. 
- don’t be blind about competition , embrace it and learn about it, remove the stupid sign on the parking structure saying GM products only, it’s 2019.
- why did we choose bolt to be our electric Tesla competition?? That small car segment never sold, should have made an all electric Volt. 
- GM has the right to lay you off and destroy your family but people are treated like poorly if they wanted to leave voluntarily ( they walk you out). If people wanted to sell out sensitive information about GM, they would have done it already, you don’t need to walk people out, it’s not helping anything, it’s only hurting your reputation , and prevents employees from being honest to their managers.
Advice: -Managers should Hire conservatively and intelligently. 
- listen to employees, don’t listen to back stabbing selfish employees. 
- ALL upper and lower MANAGEMENT SHOULD READ GLASSDOOR ( and all other websites) REVIEWS to see what is wrong and help the company.
- make leaders people managers, don’t make mean and back stabbing employees managers, this happens too much and it’s self destructive for GM.
Pros: They pay you a high salary if you asked for it. Benefits and 401k are industry best. Cafeteria has some good food. If you want good money and the spouse is making enough money for you to survive a lay-off and if you like workplace POLITICS, this is the place for you. 
Vacation days and holidays are plenty

Cons: Many of the buildings on the Warren campus have seen better days.  Also, new IT management has brought in very manual processes to replace what used to be a pretty efficient way of getting things done.  A lot of time is spent copying in pasting from Excel spreadsheets into Powerpoint for presentations
Advice: Streamline your IT organization, get rid of all of these new manual processes that have made workers less efficient
Pros: Salary is competitive, good family and friends discounts on cars, and a good sense of team with the folks in Warren

Cons: 1) Lot of empty promises to Wall Street
2) Lost a great amount of talent due to poor management during voluntary lay offs
3) Wants to become a tech company in a very short time.
Advice: Revamp your middle management, and bring some young blood
Pros: 1) One of the Big Three in US
2) Product portfolio is revamped from top to bottom
3) Good benefits in terms of vacation days and paid holidays.

Cons: Like any job you get out what you put in as long as you stay on the positive side if you boss
Advice: Go back to a time clock system. Your too big to properly manage your employees.  Or better yet embrace working from home. With today’s technology you can do your job from home
Pros: If you trying to start a home based business it is the best place to work

Cons: -company is so big that you feel so small. like a piece in a production line
-sometimes not that efficient, projects are moving slow
Advice: get more focused on building great cars, not promotion metrics or nice results.
Pros: -big company, you always have something to learn, like technical stuff, managment or leadership. in other words, you will shine if you got much talents
-work life balance
-very good benefits package
-nice people at RnD

Cons: A downside of the automotive field is that it is a cyclical business. However a large auto manufacturer like GM is still a 'safer' place to work than the vast majority of other jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Some advantages of working at GM are the challenging work, the reasonable pay, and the mostly-consistent work hours. Also, GM is a large company, that allows GM employees to work on different assignments throughout their career.

Cons: -not as competitive within market
-hard to be promoted
-political at times
Advice: Try to adopt a more modern culture. Being at your desk 8-5 shouldn’t measure your production. Work from home should accepted under certain circumstances as long as production is met.
Pros: -15 days vacation plus 11+ holidays off
-the week of Christmas off
- 4% 401k match plus 4% contribution
-big IT organization (room to grow and plenty of opportunities to transfer teams/projects

Cons: Your weekend moves depending on where in the cycle you are. As manufacturing engineers, our schedule was along the lines of 2 days on, 3 days off, 3 days on, 2 days off cycle.
Advice: None
Pros: By working longer days, you then get more days off each week. You also get some weekdays off which makes accomplishing tasks around the house or when having to work with a company that only works weekdays easier.

Cons: Not many downsides. The lunchbreaks that clerical workers take are lengthy and not regulated. Productivity is limited as a result.
Advice: Management should continue to lead the company  on a prosperous course. Over the years we've become a powerhouse again since the '08 crisis.
Pros: The employees are cooperative and great to work with. The working atmosphere is pleasant and non-intimidating. Most days are fast paced.

Cons: Pay, perks, treatment, hostile environment, unapproachable management, schedule, work force, gossip, team leads, computer system that is ten years old.
Advice: Don't treat agents like children and the turnover should decrease. Provide higher pay and hiring standards. Better coaching and management for the team leads, I don't like it when they stand behind me watching me work and checking what aux code I'm in.
Pros: I can't think of any... wait... there are a lot of vending machines, but they have bad food, that's all I could think.

Cons: monotonous work, repetitive, no room for advancement, boring, lots of negativity within people
Sometimes the job leaves certain parts of the body feeling sore and overworked.  I would recommend working out and stretching while employed at GM
Advice: None
Pros: No complaining about others not working hard, good pay, able to be in your own world while working, very little stress, 8 hour shift work
Great benefits and pay

Cons: Best practices are ignored to accomplish a personal agenda. There is no defined path for career progression.
Advice: Verify claims before action is taken.  Invest in a significant amount of change management. Implement a 360 feedback approach.
Pros: The IT arm is a new business with the foundation of a strong brand, benefits are great, most new employees are knowledgeable, financial compensation is great.

Cons: Long hours are required with no acknowledgment of personal sacrifice. Expectations are 24 / 7, nights and weekends without compensation, salary covers it... They use you then loose you
Advice: They don't take advice because they know all. The management usually runs around like a chicken with their heads cut off.
Pros: If your in good with the management, your gold. Productivity is not required, only the illusion is important.

Cons: Lack of opportunities for advancement in Austin.  If you want to advance you need to move to Detroit.
Advice: If you truly want a local presence  - you need to invest in your talent in those locations and provide those employees with career opportunities.
Pros: Benefits and PTO are fantastic!   Great opportunity for someone who is just starting out in their career.

Cons: No Talent retention program , low starting salaries ,  Poor management ( at least in my area )
Advice: Look into a LTI ( Long Term Incentive ) program , Clarify your promotion process , Add Roles instead of Bucket roles that everyone has software developer for juniors and seniors is dumb .
Pros: Good work life balance

Cons: It is, of course, impossible to completely avoid the traces of corporate politics, and sometimes the pace of work can be slower than it is at a start up.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is basically a brand new company since the bankruptcy in 2008, and the three years I've spent in the Automated Driving program have felt more like a start up than a bureaucratic corporation.

Cons: Poor management, low employee engagement, constantly pushing a political agenda that not all employees buy into, never see a silver lining
Advice: Change the management style so that supervisors take care of their people. When the people who do all the work are taken care of the business will take care of itself
Pros: Good benefits, 401k matching, excellent parental leave for both men and women for the most part

Cons: Lack of motivation and passion shown by the majority of employees.  Too many layers to go through.  Slow.
Advice: Flatten the organization and allow all employees to provide 360 degree feedback.  Focus on brands and brand building.
Pros: They rarely fire people and provide excellent benefits.  Good place to work if your old and would rather collect a check than retire.

Cons: The training tools can be improve. Creating some of the training as virtual class rooms should improve the issue of classes getting cancel because the lack of head count.
Advice: Make sure training is available for the employees if you want to retain your employees. Feeling that you can't do your job because the lack of training can be very frustrating.
Pros: Positive work environment with motivated peers as well as upper management.

Cons: Office culture is more conservative. Not a big support for innovation.
Lots of complexity in product design, spent tons of time on tools.
Political culture.
Managers tend to hold on to the employees and not let move.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots to learn. Many online and in-class training.
Compensation is good, at least begin with. ( Good 401k and health plan)
There are some really good people to work with and learn from.
Good work/life balance

Cons: General Motors is a large company.  As such, there can be those typical bureaucratic interactions.  With skill, employees can manage to get through these challenges.
Advice: Provide support, advice and encouragement to employees.  It is better to lead by skill than to manage by spreadsheet alone.
Pros: General Motors has a lot of different employment opportunities.  There are chances to change your career several times over.

Cons: Long days 8-11 hours daily 7 days a week. Factory enviorment dirty conditions. Hot summers cold winters. A lot of walkiing, meetings and report outs.
Advice: Work as a team, support brain storning, react to failures with a plan. Countermeasures.
Pros: Global travel, freedom to work independently. Responsibility to coach and assist with processes and standardization. Audit and continuous improvement. Works in process. support a 3 shift operation.

Cons: Leadership is based and promoted via the buddy system.  Therefore, many managers are inexperienced and feckless.
Advice: Promote good people based on qualifications and experience.  Too many young engineers are chasing carrots to eventually become vice presidents.
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Job security is good with many new projects being considered.  Vacation time is good if you can find the time to actually take it.

Cons: Very cult like culture here.  You are forced to agree with what your managers and directors say or else they will make your life difficult.  Managers and directors are very buddy buddy and outsiders dont always feel welcome
Advice: Drain the swamp down here in Texas.  You had some good people before February and a lot were let go to protect inside interests.  Promote a few people on merit here and there
Pros: Medical, dental, ample PTO provided per year as well as GM holidays - some of the best in the business

Cons: Managers in IT are very under qualified.  A lot of the time, they will ask leading questions trying to passive aggressively get you to admit to something or make a point that you don't want to make which is a huge waste of time.  Rumors are spread among Directors and gossip is not discouraged.
Advice: Implement anti-gossip rules as some Managers like to gossip outside their teams and spread rumors that are not always true.
Pros: Decent salary and medical is very good here.  Cost for prescriptions is low even with the lowest plan

Cons: There is no confidentiality.  I had to take a medical leave and by the time I came back, people on other teams knew I had cancer and I was labeled as 'unreliable'  Managers are more robots than human
Advice: Consider workers feelings when exchanging confidential information between teams.  I do not need to know that someone on team Z is clinically depressed
Pros: Amazing work environment with all the amenities of working for a cash rich company including nice work area, $2000 state of the art chairs, adjustable standing desks, etc

Cons: Not too many. I like being with the company.
Advice: Keep supporting your employees career development.
Pros: Flexible hours and teams i've been on have been good at supporting career growth. Culture is very customer focused and people seem to put a lot of care into their work for the vehicles.

Cons: Company is still run by the old boys club (read this as GM lifers and not necessarily male vs female). People are more than happy to maintain the status quo and play the long game because the job itself isn't terribly difficult the pay is competitive and WLB is excellent
Advice: evolve
Pros: Loved the people I worked with, interesting projects at times, great WLB, and flexibility

Cons: - Highly scrutinized company, constantly receiving both negative and positive media
- Requires a lot of mobility, with little disregard to personal situation
- Management promotes based on their plan for your career and not yours
Advice: None
Pros: - Great culture
- Rewards hard work, ingenuity, innovation
- Teamwork is fostered, upper management supports new ideas
- Good benefits 
- Compensation is above average
- Genuinely care about employees

Cons: - Not all work falls into 8am - 5pm, but often there is recognition/appreciation for doing so
Advice: None
Pros: - Listens to employees and desires for their careers
- Many opportunities to be a part of challenging projects...sometimes you have to seek them out rather than be given them
- Great team environment even in the virtual phase
- Compensation and benefits are hard to find elsewhere for corporate finance

Cons: Lack of job security, loss of benefits, constantly having to relocate, little chance of  career advancement ,
Advice: Get rid of the dead wood, give up on the affirmatice action promotions, they are painfully obvious.
Pros: At one time it was benefits and retirement package, but that day is history. The company is in survival mode now.

Cons: Co-workers aren't very technical, especially if they are not from an engineering or comp sci background. Management is excellent, but unless you work in an engineering or design team, it is hard to get noticed and achieve promotions
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a very old and conservative company. If you want job security, GM is the place to be. Great benefits, good salary, and good hours.

Cons: Process, documentation, slow growth, shrinking company
Advice: Keep the course with design, function, fit and finish.  Figure out how to improve quality and stay on the leading edge of the innovation curve.  Make less duplicate models or those models that are perceived to compete with each other.
Pros: Compensation, perks, leadership, flexibility, ability to drive new products

Cons: Often easy to find unskilled &amp; lazy employees enough to question how they got hired in the first place.
Advice: Be more transparent with the team, if there are long hours expected, plan ahead to allocate time/resources and lastly, micro-managing is not something most employees enjoy.
Pros: Benefits are outstanding, management works to make you feel part of the organization, yearly performance &amp; earnings based bonus

Cons: Avoid to work here if you are a senior developer. Very limited room for career growth.
Do not work here if office politics is not something you are good at.
Advice: Eliminate those dev managers who just play office politics. They are a major cause of low morale.
Pros: vacation, 
sick leave,
bonus,
CEO,
Talented co-workers, if you are lucky in a good dev team.

Cons: Management is not so good.  You are not working on cutting edge IT systems - they are largely 10-15 years behind current technology.  You will see a lot of your co-workers and friends leave to either attrition or layoffs
Advice: Value the contribution of younger employees.  Your current management structure is not working and your technology is out of date.  Maybe its time to bring in new leadership
Pros: This is a great way to relocate from another city.  GM relocated me from my University out of state.  Generous annual bonuses

Cons: Managers could be nicer.  You will love your work but chances are you wont like coming into work every day.  Leaders and Directors tend to have non-IT backgrounds so a lot of time is spent dumbing down your work to others.  Also, promotions have been decided years in advance and new hires are on the very bottom of the pyramid.
Advice: Nothing, try to shift away from the current crony culture
Pros: Generous pay and good resources to work with.  Large budgets to work with in case you want new software tools to tinker with

Cons: Corporate bureaucracy can be frustrating at times
Large workforce, easy to get lost in the sea
Raises and bonuses tend to be more formulaic than performance based
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work assignments.
Work/Life Balance and Flexibility
Great team atmosphere with diverse and talented work force.
Excellent Benefits &amp; Competitive Compensation
Lucrative Bonus Structure
Strong and Honest Senior Leadership
Endless career opportunities due to large size and scope of business

Cons: very hard to move up without being politically savy. Recognition given to those that screw up their job and then fix it rather than those that do it correctly the first time. Those that complain about how much work they have get recognized rather than those that keep quiet and get the job done without complaint. Its a political game.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are good for the area.

Cons: College hires start lower than average in Austin but quickly go up.
Advice: None
Pros: If you're able to land on a great team then you'll love it. If not, then there might be drama and poor management.

401k benefits are great, they offer 4% matching and give you 4% as well so you can recieve a total 8% from them in addition to whatever you contribute as well.

Cons: No opportunities for growth and development. If you can code worth a damn, you can't learn anything here.

No meritocracy. There's no Junior title in GMIT; you're officially a "New College Hire" instead, and that designation lasts for three years, irrespective of your performance. They're serious about it. After two and a half years of delivering as much work as any three seniors, I was still introduced to newcomers as "our New College Hire".

Company culture is extremely far-Right. I've heard managers speak openly about how the US would be better off if someone were to nuke New York, or if California were to snap off and sink into the Pacific. The team would express disapprobation by leaving a box of tampons on the desk of anyone who'd get visibly upset or annoyed.
Advice: Give a damn about employees' careers.  Choose the technologies you work with accordingly.
Pros: It's easy. If you can solve FizzBuzz in under an hour, you're above average in technical skills. If you've achieved all that you want to achieve and you're ready to simply kick back and cash salary checks, this is a great fit.

Thanks to a strong workers' union, huge number of company holidays and paid vacation days. I moved from GM to a top tech company in Seattle and ended up with /fewer/ paid vacation days. (Compensation rating still 2/5 due to rock-bottom salary).

Work/life balance is fantastic. GMIT rarely actually succeeds in launching software, so there's very little livesite work to do. The job is a straight 40 hours per week, 99.5% of the time. Unmarried employees will be gently informed that they're expected to work extra hours above the 40, seeing as their time is supposedly worth less than that of employees with families, but I ignored this over three years and two managers without retribution.

Cons: Hierarchical organization where managers at each level feel superior and better than employees at lower levels.  Promotion is based more on being LIKED than pure skills and productivity.
Advice: find a way to make merit based promotion more about merit and less about personality.
Pros: Good place to work.  Great benefits.  Good salary if you have the right skill at the right time...ie..when they really need you

Cons: driving 140 miles away was difficult, but enjoyed the work. plant closed in 2009 !
Advice: the benefits of working for this company are second to none. my personal growth as a person was so much bettered by the training i received !
Pros: great place to work, the people were great. the training was top notch.

Cons: Even with degrees management looks at you like you are worthless and have no valuable impact on the business even though you are the one running the business from the ground up. The right people never get promoted no matter what you do if you are not a CHOSEN ONE you will not ascend in this company.
Advice: Open your eyes
Pros: Paycheck but not nearly enough to get by.

Cons: Management was amazingly incompetent and ineffective at many levels. Great resources are improperly applied. Career growth is almost independent of your actual work.
Advice: Reward intelligence and effectiveness. Reassess reward systems. People are being managed very poorly at big loss to every department that I've come into contact with.
Pros: Salary was above average for the location. Bonus was unpredictable.
There are smart people to work with and openly accessible resources.

Cons: Medium to low pay for Tier 2 assembly workers ($15-19) compared to "traditional" Tier 1 employees who do the same or often better jobs for nearly $30/hour. Repetitive actions/jobs can cause mental strain and anxiety.
Advice: Equal work - equal pay (message for management & UAW)
Pros: Health benefits. Fixed schedule. Very simple physical labor (requires little training or knowledge).

Cons: Since the project needs more solid data from the first-hand experiments, the experiment plan and support from manager is less and poor. All they concerned is about how to copy and regenerate other competitor's works but ignore the initial mechanism and application background. Without reasonable data from experiment, the simulation and faithful model cannot be reproduced, other than any further optimizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice and clean environment of working place.

Cons: job assignments often do not align with building or selling cars
managers not in the same city and members of group spread across multiple cities
Advice: reign in IT and return focus to building cars, not ADBB.
Pros: Fun and impressive jobs. Latest tools and money is flowing for development efforts.
Nice offices to work in.
Good Benefits 401(k), health care, dental
Ambassador cars available to use for a week to encourage sales

Cons: High turnover, low morale, moving back to a 50's era, macho, hierarchical culture. Part-time work is frowned upon. Work-from-home is essentially not allowed. Lots of politics and in-fighting.  Groups and people pitted against each other.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work (depending on the legal staff group you're in), lots of hands-on involvement with business teams.

Cons: There were some hard people to deal with in the company. The neighborhood of the company is relatively creepy.
Advice: No particular advice to the management. It is a typical automobile company in the midwest area. Everything about the company was probably already well optimized.
Pros: The assigned work are always reasonable and instructive. The mentor was very patient and has a nice personality. My office was very beautiful.

Cons: Some inconsistencies exist between different groups within the company. Need to invest heavy on R&D to stay on par with the competition.
Advice: Need to invest time to understand concerns of associates at the entry level and should invest in proper tools and training to get them upto speed.
Pros: Great corporation overall..  It has emerged well post economic downturn and the future looks promising. There is good potential for growth.

Cons: A lot of workspaces can be old and outdated, especially based on location/facility age. HUGE company means lots of competition and possibility of being 'just another gear in the machine'. Older workforce can present social and business roadblocks for young employees
Advice: Hire more, more telecommuting, general flexibility for employees judges on productivity- not non-business factors
Pros: Great medical/financial benefits,  tuition reimbursement or full program payment, Good non-traditional benefits

Cons: Not much. Some projects were more challenging than the others. Really enjoyed the rotation assignments to be exposed to different  group within the company.
Advice: Since I haven't really started, not much to say. But some interns got assigned into some positions that were not their interests at all.
Pros: Had a few semesters working with GM as an intern. Offered a full time position upon graduation, really excited to start.

Cons: In spite of the the effort, many business  processes are still complex and bureaucratic,
Advice: None
Pros: Global organization  with huge technology and business capabilities.  There is a real top management commitment  to develop great products, provide a good working environment for  employees, act with transparency and contribute to the communities where they operate.

Cons: Due to a very "tall" organizational structure with many levels, and the sheer size of the company with its many divisions, the company has many silos -- both across and up/down.
Advice: Remove unnecessary layers of management and push more decision making to the front lines
Pros: The company offers employees lots of holidays and vacation days, in large part because unions have negotiated them for manufacturing side of the business

Cons: none as such, for what i went there, i got there.
Advice: None as such, as I learned many things over there related to my field.
Pros: Learning was quite good and being a MNC, the work culture was excellent. additionally I was into  core supply chain part, hence my learning was great. working with suppliers, material handling team and few JIT suppliers was what  learned and handled myself.

Cons: I feel that some of the benefits went away that we were used to getting, especially for those who did not work in the factory.
Advice: Try to help the office workers in regaining some of the important benefits that they have lost throughout the years.
Pros: General Motors is a wonderful company for benefits, salary, and over-all willingness to work with you fi there is an emergency in your private life.

Cons: The bureaucracy is stifling and makes it next to impossible to get any change complete. It is easy to feel like nothing gets done.
Advice: Minimize bureaucracy which will empower employees to innovate and continually improve existing applications and infrastructure.
Pros: There are some great people to work with at General Motors. General Motors has a generous vacation and sick time policy.

Cons: GM doesn't pay hourly overtime to salaried employees like some other companies do. Also, employees have to pay part of their healthcare costs and more if they insure a family unlike other similarly sized manufacturing companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Unlike my previous jobs which had a pension plus automatic 401k contribution + match, GM just has a 401k. They do offer 15 days vacation which is pretty good for employers in the US.

Cons: I have nothing bad to say about GM
Advice: Take time to do the job right the first time. It is cheaper in the long run. If you have to redo the
job your profit went out the window.
Pros: The best company I have ever worked for . They had good  benefits , supervision  was easy to 
work with. The pay wqas very good. What more could you ask for.

Cons: There is no flexibility for people that do no live near one of the four IT Innovation centers.  Anyone not living near Austin, Detroit, Phoenix, or Atlanta is being relocated.
Advice: None
Pros: The IT transformation is in almost complete at GM.  The vision of the CIO is strong and he is leading GM into the future. IT is part of GM's success and the leadership in application development is strong.

Cons: There is no room for growth. Job security is always something you will be thinking about if you are not the person that like going from job to job. The job titles does not match the work that you would actually be doing.
Advice: None
Pros: The opportunity to learn so much from co-workers even if you are not in the same department. There are a lot of team building activities throughout the year

Cons: Long hours. Hard Management. Declining sales.
Advice: None
Pros: How much work you put into the job correlates to how much you are going to bring home at the end of the month. Depending on what dealership you are at, the day is flexible. I am able to make over $50k a year without a degree and with little prior skills. There isn't a lot of places out there where you can do that.

Cons: Management can be hierarchical and some departments can be bureaucratic resulting in delayed decision making. Career growth prospects are slim to none and promotions are often made based on whom you know rather than what you can do.
Advice: Promote people objectively based on capabilities instead of subjective criteria
Pros: Colleagues, friendly and generally courteous interactions at meetings, work-life balance is quite good and gives you flexibility with work hours.

Cons: the change is constant, once you have the hang of what you are doing, it changes.
Advice: take out the low level supervisors....making things worse
Pros: the management style is so refreshing, down to earth, respectful, and available if you need help.  They leave you alone to do your work, trust their employees to do the job and reward them with freedom to do the job from anywhere.

Cons: Some antiquated systems and hierarchies still exist that can slow everything down.  Engineering change management system is absolutely abysmal and requires too much manual work to process a change.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous 401(k) match (100% to 4%, + extra 4%).  Very family friendly. work can be as hands on as you like.  Proactive toward making changes for the better.

Cons: Disorganized company even since they regrouped after 2008. Faulty ignitions not replaced in many of the Ambassador program vehicles as they continue to let employee's use them. IT is very inefficient and require too much red tape. Very silo-ed environment. Managers are a joke. Many come from Dell which should explain quite a bit. GM was sued by HP for exiting a large contract early and the penalty is to replace much of existing vendors equipment with HP equipment. Many unnecessary resource hours and efforts due to the suit. Poor way to run a business. Think of Office Space on an extremely large scale. Resource on-boarding is a joke, you are truly just a number. Coffee is not free but that is the least of your worries if you work for Government Motors. Nepotism is high, especially in upper management. I've heard kickbacks are common although I personally cannot confirm but with many of the strange business relationships you do have to wonder.

Austin has many many better suited companies. Don't work for GM and expect lots communication and acceptance to new ideas and no personal satisfaction at the end of the day. Many clicks in the environment which is very immature. The title GM Innovation Center is a true joke, zero innovation as they don't want your opinions rather just do the job their old school ways without being receptive to new ideas. They can leave their crappy Detroit business ethics back in Detroit, should not be in Austin. Don't be tricked by the bells and whistles there, stop and think about if you want to advance your career with a good ethical company or a sleazy one. They are also clock watchers. If you just want an ordinary 9-5 job, not a true career then GM is your place. Morale is very low with the newer employees. The honeymoon phase is very short at GM once you realize how they truly operate. I will never own another GM vehicle again; will not support this company in anyway.
Advice: Innovation? Really??
Pros: Mary Barra but too little too late

Cons: Low or average pay if you stay to long. Some managers micro manage.  You can get stuck at 7th level if you don't have executives pulling for you.
Advice: Read 15 Laws of Growth by John Maxwell and start developing your leaders.
Pros: Ability to newest drive cars. Decent benefits. Many jobs to move around laterally. No raises when you do move latterally.

Cons: It's not as laid back, flexible, or fun as I was led to believe.  Fees more like a typical grunt type of place really.
Advice: Improve the workplace
Pros: Benefits are good if you can manage to use them to your benefit.  Sometimes theres a lot of hoops to jump through but if you can do it, then you get a good deal.

Cons: Little to no meaningful work. It took me weeks to get something to do. 
No feedback until almost the end of the internship, overall issues with mentor communication. 
Most people seemed bored to tears with their work.
Advice: Pick your mentors better for the internship program, and actually tailor your intern projects to the technical proficiency of each person.
Pros: Low stress work, and the people were nice enough.

Cons: It seems hard to move to different areas within the company, If you do move it is probably based on a reorg that has nothing to do with inputs by you.
Advice: Moving in the right direction! Look to offer more continuing education opportunities and advancement.
Pros: Great benefits such as 401K match, time off and work life balance. Good people to work with and a growing diversity in coworkers.

Cons: Never had any cons with GM great to work for and advancement is fact
Advice: Keep giving employees options to put in suggestions on how we as a company can make our line for faster thus pushing out our quotas as needed. Of course safety being first
Pros: Flexability and team leadership involvement to be able to solve a specific solution. There is always a solution to every problem my friend.

Cons: The company can be so big it's easy to get swallowed up in.  Sometimes it's best just to keep your head down.
Advice: Don't be afraid to move people around if theyre not excited about their work and are looking for a change
Pros: Love working with cars and seeing my work in the real life. Grew up wanting to ride in a corvett, now I draw them.

Cons: It's okay, I can't really complain about it, there wasn't any toilet paper ever in the restroom. The boss pinker you if you didn't work
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: You learn how to clean a car real well, you got to use all the special cleaning supplies and detail your own car after hours

Cons: Difficult to develop career path, solo.  Not always fair or consistent with special assignments.
Advice: Listen & learn from your people. They were hired because they were smart, creative, had something to offer. Help your people learn to grow & flurish.
Pros: The people are great, learn something new everyday.  Enjoy the creative atmosphere.  So much opportunity to learn something from various teams.  GM proud! 2nd generation employee.

Cons: 	New project spares tracking and insuring availability before launch
	BOM updation & ECN control..
Advice: None
Pros: 	Manpower handling, planning & Optimization.
	Material packaging improvement.
	Logistic carrying cost improvement.
	Shop operations handling.
	Rejection salvage & improvements.  
	Closely WIP & FG monitoring.
	Shop 1S-2S improvements.
	New product launch & space arrangement for material.
	Obsolescence & nonmoving control.
	Streamlining the system & procedures for availability of materials to meet the production targets.

	Studying the process lead time, plan & monitoring status of material.

Cons: Priority is given to full time employees. Hours will be cut at no notice at all. Happenings at the factory is spread informally through the vine so temps are usually left clueless unless they seek information themselves.
Advice: Be fair and give decent notice to temps who get their hours cut drastically so they can find another job to supplement the reduced pay.
Pros: Good starting salary. Assembly work is easy to learn.

Cons: Some teams are less conducive to the idea of working from home than others. In general, GM likes employees to "work from work" but there are plenty of exceptions.
Advice: I think they're doing a great job. I don't really know enough about the inner workings of the company to give them suggestions
Pros: Semi-Flexible work schedule
Nice office and very open office culture
Young teams 
Great Benefits (especially the 8% 401k match)

Cons: Terrible work/life balance. Overworks employees. Little room for upward promotion. HR was not very understanding of wanting to be rotated to another role because of health issues somewhat caused by the current role.
Advice: Some managers lack interpersonal skills to be effective managers.
Pros: Great benefits. Good pay and lots of holidays.

Cons: 50, 60+ hour weeks are not uncommon, especially if you are experienced.
Advice: The recognition program is a joke.  You used to be eligible for $500 periodic bonuses.  Now we get $10.  Seriously?
Pros: Benefits are amazing!!  The work is steady and plentiful, so you don't have to worry about layoffs.  The future of the company is very bright!

Cons: Lean cost cutting to the extreme, angry and bitter employees with a PYA culture permeates that from top down, Mound Rd is a minefield.
Advice: Stop focusing on buzz words and catchphrases and evaluate your managers and staff because you'll find out that they are lacking and looking for people to throw under the bus to survive.
Pros: Pay is good, Warren campus is nice, people are mostly polite and nice

Cons: Management/Politics
Poor work/life balance
Lack of new skills/training
Advice: Management at General Motors needs to focus on "effective communication". A large portion of the time executives will come up with some scheme and a half-baked plan on how to get it accomplished which ultimately doesn't translate to mid-level management and project teams.
Pros: Compensation
Relaxed work environment
Coworkers are friendly and all there to get the job done.

Cons: Stuck in Waterfall / agile a foreign concept
Technology driven instead of value driven 
More emphasis in projects completed over value delivered (check the box)
Management heavy - set in their ways - some should not be people managers
Almost impossible to change jobs - internal posting are mostly just to check a box and say they advertised the opening - when they already have someone selected
Internal HR inflexible - promotions rare - rating/review process changes annually
Advice: Stop focusing on "diversity" and get people in who are the best person for the job.
Pros: Benefits
Location
Facilities
Not the car program - average Joe gets better deal than employees
Co-workers

Cons: Your boss does not support you and will make deals with the union behind your back. There is zero support and the frustration level is extremely high. There is no work life balance. They think they own you and you will work when they tell you to. They hire according to race/ethnicity to meet their targets. You will want to quit after 6 months
Advice: None
Pros: The salary. That's it. Nothing else.

Cons: Many managers are not on board for operating in a manner consistent with what is being preached by upper management.   Your positive or negative experience is tied directly to your manager/department.
Advice: None
Pros: Mary Barra communicates her vision for the company.  She is very inspiring and makes her expectations for working with integrity and securing a great future for the company very clear.  Employees hear from her frequently.

Cons: Environment and leadership is very homogeneous.  There have been a few comments from my people leader that have made me a little uncomfortable.  I think there are opportunities for management to be more accepting of other peoples backgrounds
Advice: Embrace diversity as that is the way of world these days.  Managers should not comments on employees piercings of tattoos unless it adversely affects their job performace
Pros: I love GM cars and have owned them all my life.  It was always a dream  to work here and be part of the driving force that makes them

Cons: Company as a whole has a very short term focus.  Projects tend to be very short-sighted and layoffs are often and not objective
Advice: If you delegate layoffs to certain people, you can guarantee they are going to save their buddies whether they deserve to stay or not.  If you are going to fire people, make them fair and transparent
Pros: OK first job, you get to learn how to integrate software into a very process driven company.  A lot of opportunities for improvement within the company so years worth of work out there for software devs

Cons: Promotions are based more on diversity than merit. There are no objective measures!
Seriously over worked since the layoffs last February.
CEO is betting the company on an EV and Autonomous Vehicle strategy that is not viable when you look at the details.  
It is very apparent that GM will be unable to lead in the EV market.
Anxiety about when the next layoffs will take place.
Advice: Get a new CEO.
Care about your employees by developing objective measures for performance.  Use these to justify promotions instead of selection based on diversity.
Pros: Strong Pay and Benefits,
Short drive to work

Cons: - Hit or miss with team or manager, either good or terrible experience 
- Hard to progress career after college hire program
- Large company (Red Tape)
- Still has old guard thinking with management 
- Difficult to get significant raises
- Pay not as competitive with lower positions
- No pay raise after completing Masters
Advice: None
Pros: - Large company
- Exposure to variety of technologies
- Yearly Bonus
- Employee discount
- Heath insurance
- Holidays
- Education reimbursement (Masters)

Cons: Hours, shift rotations, interview process, talent recognition
Advice: Stop the good old boys club. Promotions absolutely do not go to the most experienced, nor the most qualified. "Developmental" assignments only go to people who are obviously not the best candidate but they want to push them in for "check mark". Upper management really isn't interested in hearing any ideas that don't align with theirs.
Pros: Pay, vacation balance, 401k match

Cons: They sometimes overlook that we need to balance work/ home to assist their employees on raising our families.
Advice: Be more cognizant that while we wish to be an asset to this global organization,  we also want to have wee-balanced and adjusted children.
Pros: The continuous training. I love how General Motors invest in their employees to help keep us current on the latest trends and automotive knowledge.

Cons: Hired as a software developer... into a non software development team. Not sure how this happened
Low comp compared to industry avg for a junior sdev.
Advice: Be open and honest with your applicants about what they will be working on, rather than hiring 1000 college graduates at once with no idea what they will be doing...
Pros: Good career jumpstart
Good learning experience
Good working culture

Cons: Stingy with vacation time, no time off, sick days are held against you.  Not a very good work life balance.
Advice: Listen to your employees, stop the nepotism, and pull your own weight instead of dumping major projects on lower level employees.
Pros: Great coworkers, no micromanagement and the ability to act independently from management in making own decisions.  respectful work environment at all times.

Cons: Experience strongly depends on direct supervisor. Upper management is mostly helpful.
Advice: Continue to invest more in R&D and the long term. Don't look to only boost short term stock value and thus shift focus to short/mid term products.
Pros: Excellent work environment at R&D to do cutting edge applied research with resources and flexibility to accomplish what you desire.

Cons: The work environment is toxic.The managers have no experience or people skills.So are illiterate and can barely write a coherent report.You may have to work mandatory Sundays without warning.
Advice: My advice to management is to learn how to teach their employees as human beings.GM already gives employees a nice benefit packet that they like but make it a place where they love to go to work.Youll see improvements in yourread areas
Pros: GM has great benefits and bonuses.We get a bonus in February,June and December.We also get at least a week off for Christmas and usually a 4 day break for Thanksgiving.

Cons: None really, some people did not like many hours but I did. Also, the never knowing when you were needed varied by situation.
Advice: Keep up the good work. I really enjoyed what I did and proud of my work with others in the team concept.
Pros: Working hand in hand with all suppliers and company to get the best possible parts for our automobiles and cars.

Cons: OLD baltimore plant mentality. is bad in those 15 plus employees
Advice: enlighten the long (old) timers  and the current and new young employees  on the laws of an employees RIGHTS this day in age.       OLD SCHOOL IS OVER
Pros: money but new hires get a lot less and will never make what a 10 or even a 15 or 20 year employee makes

Cons: Many people work long hours to get the work done; there is a lot of work to do, and not enough people to do it in some areas...
Advice: None
Pros: The company is headed in a good direction, with an aggressive focus on new technologies (electric, autonomous), while still working to keep the current profit-makers (crossovers, SUVs, trucks) some of the best on the market

Cons: Low starting salary. A lot of politics. Software process is lacking. Hires get placed into random areas. No guarantee you will work in space you apply for.
Advice: Take time to hire adequate candidates. People without software experience get into these jobs.
Pros: Easy to get in. Great benefits. Tons of PTO. Work life balance is top notch.

Cons: Hooboy, where to begin.  Automated driving along w almost every other dpt was gutted via massive layoffs at the beginning of the yr.  This practically decimated an already sterile and luke warm work culture. I joined GM for a slight pay bump and an additional week of vacay, ignoring several ex-gmer's warnings....and highly regret that decision.

-Software work is so silo'd, few really know how features work completely.
-Pretty old school sw tools and methodologies.
-Code is "interesting", a lot of redundant messy logic with limited documentation or commenting.
-Very hands off/cubicle environment...opposite of fast tesla-like build/flash/test environment. Very few have even flashed a module or taken an in-vehicle data trace.
-Future AD features may or may not be developed in a different country.
-Sketchy bordeline age discrimination, where only younger employees were called back for their same jobs after layoffs.
-Milford is pretty out there, and the winter commute is even worse. Think twice before you buy a house out there in the current auto market - most other employer commutes are on the high traffic side of 96 (for future lay-offs).
-A weird lack of fundamental automotive knowledge in the dpt.
TL;DR: If you want a challenging, real AV developer job, I'd recommend the companies in the west coast or PA...and if you're constrained to SE MI check out the Tier I's.

Fyi GM is in damage control  - be very critical on any reviews since Jan 2019 (massive lay-offs company wide).
Advice: Be very grateful the highly non-technical EGM layer exists....at many flatter orgs this would be the first to go.
Pros: Reviewer disclaimer: experienced engineer that has worked for multiple tech companies in multiple industries.

-Decent co-workers in ADAS, not particularly passionate/knowledgeable about work but tolerable.
-Avg. benefits for mid-west auto: 8% match after 3 yrs, 1500 annual hsa, 9-10% annual bonus, $8k tuition assistance w no pay back clause, free ev charging, 3 weeks vacay (one week required to take during the 4th)+1 week xmas break.
-Easy work and decent work life balance for new grads, people with young children or elderly parents, people with low energy careers, or going back to school part-time. 
-Maybe you can network w Cruise and get a job there?
-Getting to hear the supercruise team bash tesla autopilot after selling 3 CT6's to a demographic that doesn't even use it....while creating very similar sounding features....several years later (so, like what's a neural net?).
-If you sell your house and move your family across the country and get let go only months later, you get to keep the relo and corp phone?
-The blue layoff bags can double as re-usable grocery bags lol.
-The cool aid given to the Berkeley new grads is that owning a house is actually achievable (primo irony rn).

Cons: Easy to get lost
Development lifecycles move slowly (could be a pro if that's what you like)
Advice: The reason I moved on is because the development life-cycles moved too slowly. I was a little bored at work. Give the engineers a bit more space for innovation and creativity. Overall it was a great experience.
Pros: Great opportunities for growth and development
Great focus on work life balance

Cons: Government ownership, slow advancement, bureaucracy to name a few.  Sometimes it's very hard to see how your specific efforts tangibly affect the end product or bottom line.
Advice: Shoot for the stars.  Slim down your product line and focus on making the best vehicles in the world.
Pros: if you like cars this is a great place to work.  it's a huge company with lots of interesting facilities.

Cons: Over the past 15 years the opportunities to advance in the company have been severely restricted.
Advice: Get a little more involved in understanding what employees are doing and show some interest and enthusiasm for a vision for your own group.
Pros: Variety of people and projects. 
Interesting assignments and some global travel experiences.
Many fine vehicles.

Cons: Demanding work schedules with little room for flexibility if working an off shift.  Regular required overtime 7 days a week is the norm only can get about one weekend off a month.
Advice: Ease up on your existing employees working them to death does not make them feel appreciated.
Pros: Overtime pay for salary employees.  Opportunities to excel are everywhere.

Cons: Pay could be better along with an automotive leasing program for employees.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Best management team I have ever worked for.
Pros: Unlimited opportunities for growth. Upper management has an open door policy and are open to communicating changes within the department. Laid back but effective work environment and we do not have micro managers.

Cons: Job assignments are just arbitrary. Very little evaluation on physical ability or aptitude. If you can't do what is assigned to you, you are fired. Frequent mandatory overtime without advance notice. Work/Life Balance is not important to this company.
Advice: Assign jobs based on physical ability and aptitude. Consider education, age, ability, etc.
Pros: Eventual union job with benefits after a long and difficult probationary status with low pay and zero benefits

Cons: Structured nature of work. Well-defined process and so scope for implementation of new ideas is not very easy. The company being large, what works on paper does not always get into the car. Management is conservative. It is understandable but a little disappointing
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours. Understanding and encouraging management. Work environment is very conducive to learning and personal growth

Cons: Unfortunately they don't seem to care enough to properly give us raises.  I am looking for a new job with higher pay as a result.
Advice: Keep an eye on the market and pay your employees accordingly.  It's depressing that I have to leave to get paid what I'm worth.
Pros: Amazing health insurance coverage, great 401k matching, and management actually seems to care about us.

Cons: The company is so large that you can't pin point a specific company culture. It can change department by department or even manager by manager.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is keeping up with the times and trying to bring more of a Silicon Valley feel to the company. Some manager let you work from home often. Great pay  benefits and time off.

Cons: Big company easy to get lost in the maze. Some managers need to adopt a better approach to growing the team
Advice: Invest in more talent.  DOnt think so much about being ruthless, get ruthless with the competition.
Pros: Great company ;lots of room for advancement great educational benefits.  You need to take responsibility for your own growth

Cons: -Company has a lot of red tape whenever trying to use new technologies to solve issues.
-Huge company so attention is hard to receive from upper management.
Advice: Give younger developers more challenges. Staying on one project for almost 3 years does not provide enough challenges.
Pros: -Great place for Junior developer to start since most teams have developers with 10+ years experience.
-Cant complain about the benefits (100% match)

Cons: Change is slow to happen. Company isn't nimble to change, still beauratic. .. a lot of Drama still present between co workers
Advice: Quit teaching people to be followers..teach them to be leaders and improve the company...
Pros: Most co workers are good to be around and knowledgeable crew

Cons: The most qualified candidates don't always get the jobs. Government intervention still exists post bankruptcy. Cold Michigan climate isn't for everyone
Advice: Work on promoting the most qualified candidates. Employee moral is negatively affected when non qualified individuals get promotions.
Pros: Very large and stable company to work. New office environment is very clean and modern. The tech center is very close to metro Detroit. Safety culture is VERY present.

Cons: I feel like GM is trying to be the biggest automobile manufacturer in the world. They want to stand on top the mountain and beat their chest we are the best. The culture change they are working on might take change this stance. I'm a firm believer in offering a great product at the best price with outstanding service.GM fails at this, looking for growth always is the most important goal at GM is growth. They have no problem breaking up your family and moving you as an employee. I bet GM has the highest rate of divorce than any company. They move you away from kids and or their schools. You can have a work/life balance if you met your numbers. If you do not hit your numbers you work whenever they tell you weekends holidays and vacation. I have 3 supervisors they tend to work against each other and bring me in the middle.  Both of my supervisors were relocated and do not have their family with them ( their family lives in another state and travel back and forth). They might just be mad because they are alone. What I see are lies from management. Micromanagement is huge and my team has very low morale all of us have our resumes ready and are currently looking for another job.
Advice: Do not treat customers like you own them and they owe you. GM does whats called funny money or backend money. Stop offering a volume-based bonus for customers. Try offering them the lowest price upfront many dealers and distributors are running a business that relies on profit just like GM. Give them the opportunity to make the profit upfront and not if you reach this goal. 
Make the best product you can period. Give the best customer service. Be sincere about offering this not just saying but living it in your own values. I know we have the "Be Bold" feedback but I will tell you I'm scared to approach management with any feedback. Any time I offer a promotion or feedback it is always shut down, There are times when a promotion I thought of will run but I never get credit my supervisor will take credit for it. Everyone needs to be honest about the culture change. GM has the opportunity to a great company to purchase from and to work for. Lots of work needs to be done to get there. Look at Subaru great profit no chest pounding. We worked a Habitat for Humanity for GM once the cameras were gone so were the employees. It was just for the media. 3 of us stuck around to complete our task of helping out.
Pros: Company vehicle. 401K matching is strong

Cons: More expectations with less compensation. Cuts to the bonus payout and yearly cost of living raise based on one hardcase managers review. The entire engineering department got hammered on yearly review which resulted in bonus and raise cut in half. Use to get paid 1 extra hour of straight time when plant runs 9 hour shift, now they have taken that away but of course still expected to work a 10 hour day. This cut only applies to engineers, not supervisors. They still get their extra hour per day. The shift length changes on a daily basis. Every day you never actually know if they are running 8 or 9 hours until the very end of the shift. They actually told us the cost-cutting is due to our vehicles being heavily discounted, yet our hourly production rate is increasing. Meanwhile, the weekly company newsletter boasts of strong yearly earnings and record quarters. One of the most poorly managed companies I have ever worked for, no leadership and no direction, just daily crisis management. The first meeting with the GM was a 20 minute speech complaining about maintenance people riding bicycles and drinking coffee, like this is the biggest problem in the plant - utterly ridiculous. Not allowed to make any improvements due to cost but of course they want a miracle when the obsolete equipment fails and there are no spare parts. You are set up to fail and then criticized for doing so. The money was worth all the aggravation until they started cutting everything but taking 25k out of your pocket changes that equation significantly. If I had it to do over again I would not have accepted this position. The relocation package was very good however less than 2 years in they laid off several people who had relocated just for this job. Not at all what I expected. Looking to get out soon.
Advice: Quit taking our money.
Pros: It was the money until they started cutting into bonus and took away extra hour of pay for working 10 hours a day. Relocation package was very good however.

Cons: red tape (to be expected when working with one of the largest companies in the world), ambiguity (which can be fun with the right attitude!) Sometimes it's 'who you know' vs. 'what you know'
Advice: Continue being visible and transparent with employees - continue to broadcast team goals and direction
Pros: Smart people, vast resources, opportunity to develop your career, innovative, cutting edge technology, good visibility with leadership

Cons: Leadership squashes people who try to live by the company values and going to HR makes matters worse because they only manage up.
Advice: Pay attention to the complaints and comments by the working force, don't just believe the "leaders" because you're friends with them.
Pros: GM is trying to be a better company, the "lower" ranks are trying to live by the values and mission of the company.

Cons: Sometimes things may take a bit longer to get done as you need several approvals from various teams.
Advice: Keep on innovating and supporting your employees and talent.
Pros: Opportunities are around every corner to engage and learn from others. A fantastic vision and values guide employees every day. The GM Behaviors that leadership has put forward really resonate with every employee.

Cons: Promotion can be tricky and political 
Open layout office makes it inefficient 
No car allowance to test drive GM vehicles ( used to be in the past) unless level 8 or higher
Whole lotta documentation crap for engineers
Location!!!!
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, 8% 401k match 3 yrs vested
Work from home
Flexible work hours
Easy vacation approvals
Business class flights when business trip outside of NA
Tuition help
Etc

Cons: Pay is not so great. It is a HUGE company (it is not a con, but impacts you navigation in the company)
Advice: Get better on payroll
Pros: GM takes care of its employees and look to be number 1 in diversity and inclusion. At the same time finding new ways to promote more environmental friendly cars for near future and long term future. Benefits are really good.

Cons: Generational gap, gender pay gap, lack of accommodations for mentally ill, poor leadership, poor ethics, integrity issues
Advice: Equal pay for equal work. Treat employees as valued individuals, not disposable. Educate staff especially leadership, on mental illness signs/symptoms.
Pros: Salary, 4% 401k match, yearly bonus + raise, Excellent medical and dental insurance, holidays off, start at 14 days vacation can get up to 30 days

Cons: No bonus or profit charing opportunities. Promotions come late...only with performance and time on the job. Painful during many of teh economic cycles.
Advice: Make sure you recognize top talent, even during tough times..they are more apt/willing to move to other companies.
Pros: Work life balance and pay. Most of the managers understand life demands and are willing to let employees manage thier own time.

Cons: We are going bankrupt.  The benefits favor hourly.  Promotions and movement are on hold due to the current corporate situation.
Advice: Look towards the future, should have a break even point that would be recession proof.  Should always have a bottom line and conserve our capital.
Pros: It is a great historical company.  Pay is good in comparison to other companies.  There will be a NEW GM!

Cons: Everything else. Company is a total mess, thanks to everything revolving around petty office politics. Departments don’t speak or cooperate with each other, as they tend to be managed by inexperienced arrogant young folks the company has deemed as having leadership potential despite their utter lack of management capabilities and led by Mary Barra’s BFFs (the old boys club basically being replaced by a culture and level of maturity that is worse than what I experienced in my college sorority). 

Performance reviews are based on total fluff criteria rather than legit metrics. Commitment to “sustainability” and an electric future also total marketing fluff as internally staff are assigned to efforts to prop up gas guzzling truck market and stifle growth of electric vehicle market to protect company margins. Left job after 2 months due to being totally disillusioned about company claims re innovation and 0-0-0 mission (Mary Barra is indeed great marketer but sadly incompetent leader too entrenched in the GM way- nepotism and optics over substance). 

Leadership &amp; HR like to play up the value of working for a “Fortune 10” company when recruiting you, but once you’re stuck in Detroit it’s oh so hilarious to find out your health insurance covers nothing (went from paying $60 a month for medications at a DC non profit to $600 a month working for GM and $10/month to $180/month for doctors visits thanks to the highest deductible I’ve ever had to pay), that you actually lose money investing in their 401k plan, that the “discount” on vehicles is less than what you could get if you simply negotiated with a dealership instead and ultimately still leaves you overpaying for a terrible (in terms of both performance and desirability) car bc you can’t be seen driving a significantly more affordable, better quality Honda Civic without being called out on the company’s yammer feed, and that despite being entitled to 3 weeks of vacation, when they say “use it or loose it” you’re actually being encouraged to do the latter and will be penalized for doing the former. 

Company is so obsessed with cutting costs at the expense of employee benefits and well being that you will get mocked for asking where to find Kleenex when you have a cold (the answer I was given: “there’s a CVS downstairs as you know...”) or for ANY supplies or tools beyond a laptop and spotty internet connection (when asking for file folders and a place to put paperwork related to my work, was belittled for suggesting piling everything I’d need for my job on the table top that posed as my desk was not sufficient, and was forced to use research tools and subscriptions provided by my recent alma mater to do my job after requesting and being denied access to information resources beyond what I could google- including subscriptions my manager had access to but refused to share due to the aforementioned sorority culture). Basically you are being set up to fail, and unless you have an engineering degree and/or amazing contacts in the auto industry you’re screwed once they’ve tricked you into moving to Detroit only to find out working for GM is nothing like what it’s marketed to be, from culture to benefits to the impact and mission of the work.
Advice: You’re no Tesla, so stop pretending like you’re competing with Elon Musk for the same caliber of employee. Those of us that genuinely care about the mission of a company will indeed run themselves into the ground with exhaustion and sacrifice a lot to see it fulfilled, but they will not tolerate that level of sacrifice at GM when they quickly realize the alleged 0-0-0 mission is a con to trick investors and millennials into thinking the Mary Barra GM is not simply the same of GM that got bailed out during the crisis under shuffled, but effectively the same, leadership. Either provide recruits with better benefits, including work life balance, or purpose, but don’t starve them of both.
Pros: Company obviously has good name recognition with prospective future employers

Cons: - Silos exist, some parts of GM are amazing and others are really tough to grow and develop within. Culture varies depending on where you are within the company.
Advice: Consistent management techniques should be used company wide, need to do a better job of being process oriented to the same processes company wide to avoid silos.
Pros: - Good Benefits
- Culture is getting better and better

Cons: GMIT leadership has a set of cronies that have worked for the same CIO for years - causing little to no innovation being allowed past the mid-senior to mid-level management rungs.
Advice: Find a way to inject new leadership members from outside the group that’s worked together from HP, EDS, Dell, and the like
Pros: Work-life balance, compensation, mostly engaging work and overall work environment are great

Cons: If you worked 24/7, it still wouldn't be enough. Management is very 'cliquey' and don't EVER tell anyone you don't like any aspect of your job. Senior leadership can be condescending and unkind.
Advice: Perhaps if you treated the people who work for you a bit better, you might have better survey results.
Pros: Excellent benefits and pay. Generous time off - 2 weeks to start. Comfortable atmosphere.

Cons: The company is going down the toilet. Management is too busy trying to solve short term issues while ignoring the elephant in the room. They take any new suggestions they hear and present them as their own. They treat employees like doormats. No respect for your opinions or your time. Unproductive meetings go on all day everyday. Work Life balance sucks. You're expected to work 60 hours per week, through your lunch, on the weekends, and be on call on vacation too.  Your manager must ok it if you want to leave your department and get experience in another. They usually will not approve that. There is no way to control the progress of your career. Usually if you get hired in a department, it will take nothing short of an executive director to step on heads to get you out, especially if you are a minority. HR is not your friend. As far as salaried workers, we don't have any representation when we are lied to or mistreated. If you complain, expect mangement to recruit several levels of mgmt, take you into a conference room and beat up/bully you into accepting what they want you to accept. It's a barbaric work environment, with very low employee morale. Everyone walks around scared, throwing out VP names that say they want results in 10 minutes. I hear college recruits are not even considering working for this company. Smart move. Good thing Glass Door is here so the truth can be told.
Advice: First of all, I have gotten very good performance reviews for every year I've worked at GM. I've gotten good raises too. I have given this company everything that I have, but I am upset about how the company is ran by senior/middle management, so here goes.....You don't listen to reason in enough time, which is why our company is full of gas guzzlers. The new generation have new better ideas to help the company make money and save money and you do nothing but shut us down whenever we speak, because it will affect your cushy lifestyles. The company operates like it is still the 1950s. Bureaucracy and politics are so thick, we can't get anything positive done in a timely manner. It's no wonder Toyota is kicking our butts. Your old boys' club is destroying the company. You should've listened to Kirk Kevorkian. You won't be #1 for long. Good luck on your savior car -- EFlex Chevy Volt. If it doesn't happen how you want it. You will have to hang it up. GM will never be the company it once was. It is sad that you guys are profiting at the expense of the company. Execs (some with no direct reports) making $300K to $14 million per year while the company is losing $15 billion per quarter is just ridiculous. Good Luck.
Pros: The company has decent pay. It is a well known company so it looks good on your resume. Your family and friends may be impressed. If you're getting a new car, you can use employee discount or an internal program called "tagging" an executive's car and get a really good deal. You get Christmas through New Years off paid outside of your regular paid vacation days. You can also buy up to one week of vacation time to add to your accrued time each year.

Cons: The culture of the company is lacking in the sense that Detroit is a dead zone without any hopeful future.
Advice: Give more say to your employees, this work style will allow for more innovation and progression. This was not found during my time there.
Pros: They are on the come back trail, but do you really want to be apart of the problem if need be?

Cons: You have to take ownership of your own career.  The company is so large that if you want to move your career up, you have to take initiative.
Advice: 
Pros: Large company with many opportunities to move to different areas of the business.  Over my 10 year career, I had 5 different jobs in different functions like manufacturing, logistics, supply chain, and procurement.

Cons: Behind the times technologically, and a dismal work environment. Old facility, barren grounds, can make it feel like an abandoned campus.
Advice: Certain environments stifle creativity, others promote it...its nothing new, hire a consultant.
Pros: Creativity, great people, and challenging work. Good benefits, compensation, and it can be fun at times.

Cons: Silos still exist.  Basically need to have minority status to get promoted.  Amazing how many have been promoted to level of their own competence.
Advice: Start walking the talk.  Most are just trying to stay out of the way, so they don't get noticed.
Pros: Very challenging work.  Pay is pretty good.  Bonus is nice in good years.  Good people to work with.

Cons: Anitquated approach to HR - very much still focused on transactional HR
salaries are all over the board
Advice: Keep driving change. Lots of potential for this company. Put the right people in the right jobs to drive towards the future rather than keep those that wish to preserve the status quo and look in the rearview mirror.
Pros: Challenging Work
Great Peers
Sense of Community for a company this large
Opportunities for advancement

Cons: Lots of politics in play
Advice: None
Pros: Work is very satisfying.  You would think that it would be tough working in a union shop but that isn't the case here.  There are some requirements that you need to follow closely to avoid trouble and there are a few folks that give the rest a bad name but overall, the people and the jobs are great.

Cons: 2 Tier pay for hourly employees. Hourly job selection is primarily based upon seniority instead of job qualifications.
Advice: Advice to management would be get rid of the two tier pay wages. time off policies are good. more vacation time.
Pros: They give employee value, have cook outs, family days, union compensation, and level work load. General motors is an overall good company.

Cons: Stressful
Work life balance is tilted MUCH closer to WORK
Too Process Driven
Shaky Organizational Structure
Advice: Empower employees and have trust in their judgement.  Please be transparent in all things that you do.
Pros: Good Salary
Good Vacation Package
Updated Facilities
Young Workforce
Competitive
Strong Balance Sheet
Promotional Opportunities
Technological Leader

Cons: The hiring process was an absolute nightmare. Received a job offer that I had to accept in 14 days. Sent questions to GM. Did not hear from GM until 35 days later. Scheduling my move, getting information about my new position, and any related onboarding information took weeks to acquire. This is not uncommon with GM. GM will hire thousands of New College Graduates (NCG) who will all get automatically funneled to one hiring rep (computer error). This one person is then unable to respond to the needs of the NCG's and the NCG's are left in the dust while they are making an important life decision.


Few opportunities to move across organizations (GMIT to GM or vice versa). I have been told several times by GMIT employees that it is easier to quit and reapply to GM than to move across organizations. If you attempt to get another job in the area, better hope they do not have an agreement with GM to not hire former GM employees.


Management style in Warren, MI is old and outdated. The staff at the Warren Tech Center are not prepared to work with NCG's and if you are a new college graduate, stay away from Warren.  Management does not communicate well with NCG's. Your IT training may be months after employment start date and for months you may have little to no work. Concerns raised to management are dismissed; likely no action will be taken by management. This may then be used against you during your end of year review. Management may brush your concerns aside and basically say "put a smile on and do your work".


I have a degree in a non-software related field and am trying to move into the vehicle side of GM, but have been met with resistance when discussing this with management. My team is comprised mostly of long time workers who are not trying to develop their careers anymore, so career development is not a focus for the team and therefore is pushed to the wayside when NCG's want to develop their careers.


Performance is not determined by the work you produce but how others perceive you. 


GMIT work is done entirely in front of a computer, but there are almost zero opportunities to work from home. It is highly frowned upon and only done under special circumstances.


The great benefits are not worth the struggle you will experience being hired and working for GMIT. Stay away.
Advice: Learn how to manage NCG's. Communicate expectations better. Listen to employee concerns and take them seriously. Develop a strategy for cross organizational moves. If you wouldn't hire an IT person to be an Engineer, then do not hire an Engineer to be an IT person. Fix your onboarding process, it is abysmal.
Pros: Great benefits. Generous time off. Great discounts on GM vehicles.  Great relocation package.

Cons: The auto industry can be very hit or miss. The end of year bonus is half determined by the performance of the company, which could take a hit, or lead to less spending in IT if there is a down turn.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a company that allows a great work / life balance, starting with 15 days of PTO a year, and roughly 15 holidays a year.

Cons: Needs to improve some of the organizational overlaps. Still trying to overcome legacy problems. Its like turning a big ship; takes time.
Advice: make changes to improve culture from legacy problems. Hire the best talent available, and not what is just locally easy to get.
Pros: modern, cool, high tech place to work. New innovations make it on the cutting edge of technology.  global view allows employee growth.

Cons: GM has one of the worst cultures I have ever experienced in my entire career. There's micromanagement up and down in the IT organization. Most of the managers are not even qualified to become managers, they are just there due to their bosses favoritism/Politics. Developer's Life is a complete mess, everything is slowly being pushed to developers (Testing, Operations).    
PLEASE AVOID GM IT IN ANY WAY POSSIBLE, IT'S A TRAP!
Advice: Overhaul the entire IT Organization or the future is really dark. It's a sinking Titanic
Pros: Good benefits and decent pay.

Cons: Still very corporate and old school; needs to become more collaborative and open to new ideas. Need improvement in building culture and retaining good talent. Management needs work.
Advice: Train or bring in managers that care are their employees. Build a culture of inclusion/transparency and a plan that promotes mentorship and growth of careers.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Great products. Knowledgeable people. Room for growth.

Cons: Where to begin...

Middle management varies - some groups have very engaged managers, while others have indifferent to poor managers through either a lack of leadership or poor understanding of what their groups are supposed to accomplish.

Difficult to be listened to when you're not an "anointed one." In my group, there were definitely people who had my manager's ear more than everyone else. There were a lot of good suggestions that could have improved our group that were ignored.

Meetings... meetings... meetings... Too many meetings where nothing gets accomplished which begets more meetings... and the cycle continues.

Poor company culture - the emphasis on safety in everything seems to be widely ignored at multiple levels in both personal safety and product development. I personally experienced quite a bit of stress and frustration trying to convince middle management of a safety issue that needed addressing before I (and a few others) were taken seriously. On the personal safety side, the rule about not using cellphones while walking is widely violated and managers are too timid to enforce it (actually, managers break this rule as much as everyone else).

Some people who work there are convinced that they are the end all/be all of engineering, and their personalities can be described as abrasive. This makes it difficult to work with others when you feel like you are constantly being patronized.
Advice: LISTEN to what your people are telling you. Don't be afraid to listen to those you deem too young or inexperienced because sometimes their perspective lacks the bias that clouds too many people's judgment. Also, heed what is said in the Workplace of Choice survey. It would be refreshing to see management take action about what would make the company better, rather than make a big deal of saying that they read all of the feedback but for one reason or another, they can't take any action to effect change.

EMPOWER the various levels of the organization. There are too many levels of red tape and approvals needed for engineering change requests. You have tech fellows and technical leadership teams that should be empowered to make decisions up to a certain level. Too often, engineering work is subsumed by the process of approvals and updating the planners and trackers who only understand quotas, not technical work.

AUTHORITY - use it. The tone from the top emphasizes safety in everything, yet I observed many levels of the organization flouting these rules. Especially when middle management does this, it endangers the entire organization because there will be many people who may not stand up for what is right and may compromise the safety of the customer. The tone from the top must be backed up with authority (i.e. consequences) for those who do not follow the rules.

DECIDE on a strategy and plan business functions around it. For example, the ongoing layoffs seem to be a knee-jerk reaction to a problem of overstaffing. People who were hired in the last five years are being let go, and this seems to be a poor way of handling the company's greatest assets - the people. I personally cannot conceive how GM will attract top talent after this round of layoffs end.
Pros: Some of the most intelligent, committed, and fun people I have ever worked with. I'm happy to say that I will remain friends with these folks.

Benefits, compensation, and vacation were good - no complaints about those.

Cons: Too many senior managers and Directors. Nepotism. Lacking in future strategic growth plans. Zero communication from Directors and below.
Advice: Control spending during good times. Stop heavy bonus structures for Sr. managers and Directors. Stop cutting jobs that matter. Have a clear vision and communicate to employees.
Pros: Competitive pay, benefits, flexible hours.

Cons: HR does not give a crap about the employees.  Being Harassed by a boss every day with proof and evidence of this.  Backing me up into the corner telling me that I am not getting a call out because I'm not her supervisor it against the law and worse it is constant emotional abuse as well.
Advice: 10 grievances of harassment only 1 year on my 2 supervisors and nothing is done.  HR should be responsible for this horrific situation.
Pros: Made good money, made good friends, I liked my postion

Cons: General progression can only go so far until leaving company and then coming back in. Although this is great for employees, difficult for leadership. Little cons here. Great place to work!
Advice: Grow and value talented people
Pros: This is a great place to work straight out of school to learn processes and practices of a large manufacturing / design organization. Great projects, benefits, security and leadership.

Cons: Technical decisions sometimes influenced by political agendas
Pay is not up to the mark
Lot of organizational change every so often
Promotions hard to come by and pay hikes are not great
Advice: Take care of your senior technical folks and keep them happy
Pros: 401K,Vacation and Health Coverage
Moderate work life balance, which is good for an IT role
Good technology to work on in some of the projects

Cons: Business in Detroit is slow to make decisions which an Agile software team cannot work with well. There's not really any employee perks in the building. Get employees excited about their products.
Advice: Mix up teams more often if the projects get stale. Allow people who exceed expectations reach higher roles faster.
Pros: Great lateral positions and exciting projects. Nice benefits. Great cars.

Cons: Layoff affects contractors first. very hard to direct hire jobs for people needing work visa. Very far behind in technology and implementation of technology.
Advice: use talent based metrics for promotion and termination. Not just who you know and who your dad was within the organization .
Pros: good work life balance and flexible work schedule

Cons: In such a large corporation your individual accomplishments are lost in the "big picture".  Many employes are being kept (or lost) because of personal relationships, not job performance.
Advice: In your rush to downsize, you are losing many valuable employes. New talented employes are being let go while the "old boy" network continues.
Pros: At one time, it had great pay and benefits

Cons: The culture is pretty rigid and bureaucratic
The opportunities for advancement and few and far between
Some groups are required to work very long hours (few groups)
Advice: Work to change the culture
Create opportunities for advancement
Cycle people through positions more often
Get rid of the frozen middle management
Pros: Competitive pay, a lot of vacation, ability to purchase vacation days, generally good work life balance depending on the group you work in

Cons: Much of the top management talent has left the company and those that have replaced the talent are promoted from within and very green.
Advice: Hire older employees who take pride in working for an American Company.
Pros: The auto industry is very exciting and General Motors has an great history and is working hard to regain its position as the global leader.

Cons: If your not a fast tracker you go no were
Advice: Someone needs to take a hard look whats going on at the assembly plants, nothing but smoke and mirrows when people visit. They need to investagate the real people that make things happen not just the ones they set up for show.
Pros: It used to be the best place to work, not no more

Cons: Same good ole boy mentality.  Tools and/or training is not available when needed. Tribal knowledge is insufficient as workers perform tasks by rote without understanding why.
Advice: Look for talent not friends and practice what you preach - diversity.
Pros: Nice amenities and perks if employed by GM this leads to a we/them mentality rather than a team approach in the work place for contractors.

Cons: It is both a pro and con. GM is such a big company that it is easy to get "lost in the crowd" if you're not careful.
Advice: Continue being transparent and give equal opportunities.
Pros: Lots of opportunities. Great company with a bright future. GM is very focused on making it the workplace of choice.

Cons: GM has lots of employees, so it's easy to get lost in the fray. Some people are still bitter about GM eliminating pensions, and moving to 401k.
Advice: None
Pros: GM offers a competitive compensation package, as well as a good vacation and holiday package. GM is a workplace of choice, so there are opportunities to change positions.

Cons: Heavy politics still a sense of who kinows you vs what you do! A lot of old guard philosphy still burned in to the fabric of some regions and areas
Advice: Keep digging out the old guys and moving for positive change!
Pros: A hard charging company that has a ton of good people working in and around this industry.Great activities to make an impact on the company

Cons: At times dangerous, exposure to chemical fumes from machining operations, can be noisy depending on where you are assigned. Lunch periods are short so you do not have time to go out for lunch and the cafeteria services are not very good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team atmosphere, typically the supervisors work well with the employees. reasonably good benefits. Tuition assistance benefits. Reasonably secure paycheck. Small clothing allowance.

Cons: The demand on you is tough at times, especially when you start off. You get moved around a lot & you may get stuck on a shift that you don't like.
Advice: None
Pros: You get paid a lot for what you do. You won't find this kind of pay anywhere. The benefits are great & you also have the union behind you.

Cons: Way more work than people to do it.  LOTS of stressful days, deadlines and meetings.
Advice: Either delay or cut back on some programs if you can't or won't staff properly for the amount of work. People are burning out!
Pros: Pay is good, bonuses are better. I truly believe GM will succeed and prosper in the post bankruptcy era.

Cons: some middle-managers/shift supervisors are competent -- many are incompetent, and corrupted by the lack of consequences for being so; both the company and union knowingly treat workers unfairly (e.g., you'll see the union fight to prevent lazy, past-probationary-period, fully-vested member-workers from getting punished/fired, but they'll only offer lip service to the probationary ones -- even though newbies have to pay union dues, too); no work-life balance (e.g., forced o.t. and the factory being routinely shut down for weeks-to-months at a time -- all, with anywhere from weeks to only hours worth of advance notice); overpriced, low-value cafeteria; mandatory union membership for all non-administrative employees; very disjointed, drawn-out hiring/onboarding process; (GM-paid) "temporary workers" are treated as a disempowered underclass; factory floor supervisors (who are higher-paid, non-union GM employees) make frequent timekeeping/timeclock mistakes (predominantly to the workers' disadvantage) -- which often go unfixed, since the supervisors have the last word on fixing them, you're risking your job if you "go over their heads"; economic circumstances force many to work on their days off; supervisors often surprise-ask line workers to work back-to-back shifts -- late in their 1st shift; if you drive an non-U.S. brand vehicle to work, the union will force you to park the furthest from the factory; work station assignments are largely arbitrary and hinge on cronyism and 'politics' with supervisors and others; during bad weather, you'll still be expected to make it to work on-time -- or else (short of an F-5 tornado, they don't want to stop the assembly line for anything)
Advice: hard to say: seems like lots of the corruption and inequity is built into the system -- and that's on the corporation the union, both
Pros: weekly payday; some co-workers (including the old-timers) are really fun, good people; your new-hire probationary period could last months, years or just weeks, depending on the totally random nature of when you happened to get hired; many on-site union reps usually make an attempt to resolve instances of worker mistreatment; company gives you the tech to keep up with your weekly hours every shift, and remotely; you can gross in the $40Ks-50Ks/year or better, depending on time of year you work, how much o.t. there is, and how many years you've been with the company; thorough onboarding/training process; the company and union work together to really try to do a good orientation process

Cons: You will try to join GMIT to work in a certain field. Little do you know that they will put you where ever they want to...this is especially true for recent college grads. If you want to take your career in a certain direction DO NOT go to GMIT (General Motros IT)! Working here took my career and attempted to flush it down the toilet
Advice: look at your managers you have in place and ensure they are the best people to make your company successful
Pros: Hires a lot of people

Cons: There is so much red tape in the industry. Many times, the work you have done get's prioritized and pushed off so far that you don't know if it will ever get done.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic people, and the culture is always working to improve. Benefits are good, and the pay is very nice.

Cons: I honestly cant think of any cons. GM is a really great place to work. Like any other place you may end up with a micro manager but the company itself is amazing.
Advice: Continue to give your employees the freedom to do their job; I am sure they know it well.
Pros: Ability to work from home 
Benefits
Dress Code
Ability to be promoted 
Bonuses
Annual Raise

Cons: Teams work in silos a lot
Directors &amp; CIOs competing for accolades/resources/budget over the greater good of the company
Advice: IT should align with the business more.  Focus on delivery business results instead of counting IT wins.  IT only wins if the business wins also
Pros: Benefits and time off are great
Pay is pretty good
People are generally pretty cool to work with

Cons: Limited growth potential beyond a certain level. Then it becomes routine work and executing dayily needs only.
Advice: Need to develop open communication channels within the organization. Need to listen to feedback and act on good feedback information.
Pros: Depending on the local management/job responsibilities, could be a good place to develop a good career. However, this may not be true after getting to certain level.

Cons: limited opportunites for growth & promotions, 
lots of overtime with no pay, 
to get a head need to be part of good old boys network
leadership drives a lot of work for analyst but rarely makes any decisions based on that info
Advice: Downturn is a great time to make a fesh start and change behavior for good
Pros: Benefits & pay are good

Cons: No upside in pay based on performance. If you exceed your targets, you should be compensated accordingly. Since this doesn't happen, it leads to a "just good enough" mentality day to day.
Advice: Listen to your Field employees and your Dealer Retail partners. Get out of Central Office and see what really happens at the Dealer/customer level.
Pros: Stability, good benefits, adequate vacation time.

Cons: No accountability.  Many production facilities use questionable techniques for desired results.
Advice: Opportunities for new positions, and or promotions should be given to those who meet objectives.  General Motors goes above and beyond to promote minority employees, even when they are poor performers.
Pros: Large company, many different, departments and functional areas.

Cons: Relies heavily on contractors for construction and installations. Engineering management and support are the main focus of controls engineers as most programming is contracted.
Advice: Lower level managers should act more like leaders. Stand up for your group and make sure it's members have the tools necessary for timeline execution.
Pros: Vacations accumulate more quickly than industry average. Pay is above average. Steady workload.

Cons: HR not helpful to anyone but protecting the activities of the highest level person.  They are NOT there to protect employees overall.  Mgt perf reviews are a joke and done in 5 mins with little regard to your future and just a check box of your bosses completion.  Back stabbing runs rampant and political agendas are three times more important than the work.
Advice: Care about the people; Make management accountable for development. Make HR protected to make decisions against higher ranks if necessary.
Pros: Lots of resources in a big co.  Lots of bright people.

Cons: A lot of issues with managers trying to write you up for any mistake. No compassion, strictly business with them. Write ups left and right for the most minor things.
Advice: >Insert expletive here<
Pros: Pay starting out is pretty good in comparison with most other starting pay, but you will definitely earn every penny.

Cons: Still too much bureaucracy and politics. Inconsistent reward/recognition approach (or lack of it) across functions/geographies towards talent. Individual's success and contribution heavily depends on who you work for rather than what your strength/weaknesses truly are. Not a lot of structure around investing in/developing  people.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunities to make a difference in improving business for individuals who has strong drive for results and intellectual curiosity

Cons: once you go in the plant you will not see day light till next day
Advice: get out of the way
Pros: pays very well, you have good benefits, you know what to expect when you go to work, because every day is the same. There are a lot of good people that work at GM. You get a car discount

Cons: Office facilities are outdated but view is nice. Upper level management can be very old-school, having the mindset that "if it's not broken don't fix it", making innovation difficult to achieve. Large teams makes decision-making a lot slower.
Advice: Get rid of the old mantra, "if it's not broken don't fix it"!
Pros: Benefits are nice, work-life balance is good
Collaboration facilities aren't bad

Cons: union regulations effect everybody, no real meaningful work, forced lateral movement constantly, all leadership came from the same contractors before the insourcing/bailout
Advice: hire in new young talent and actually retain them, give them meaningful work, and get rid of all the dead weight. stop wasting money for no value added.
Pros: great compensation and benefits for the area, low cost of living, insane job security

Cons: The salaries and benefits come at a very high price of a work life/family balance that is severely tipped to the advantage of the corporation on the scale.  The pay is good until you finish your 60 – 70 hour workweek while being made to feel that is not enough.   

Mary has a severe middle management issue as well.  It is a culture where the management is encouraged to beat down the morale of their people with sharp ridicule, demands and corporate bullying tactics with their management styles.   The only feedback heard outside of the yearly performance review is if something goes awry while strong performance is neither rewarded nor acknowledged. 

I recently joined the workforce of a GM competitor and was told by my new associates, “You will like it here.  We sent all our screaming mangers over to GM.”   This could not be any truer!  Plenty of screaming management at GM and they are actually proud of this behavior.    

There is very little growth opportunity as well.  Once you get into one of their IT positions, there is no career path for growth.   You are stuck in the same position for your tenure at the company.   It was often referred to as "Hotel California".  You can check in anytime you like, but you can never leave!

Like I said good money and benefits, but it certainly comes at a price of ones balance with their personal lives, career advancement opportunities and emotional health from bully tactics.
Advice: I know the Mary has sent her middle management teams through all kinds of training with hopes of improving their people skills.  It's ok for a month or so after but then the management goes back to their bad behaviors.  They need constant monitoring!  Pay attention to what is being said in 360 reviews and hold them accountable for the feedback received.  It's as if the 360 review data is being ignored and bad managers are allowed to ruin their teams with their bad behavior.
Pros: Competitive salaries and benefit package.  One of the higher paying companies I worked for with nice matching 401k and other investment opportunities.   This however is the only pro I can honestly offer for this company.

Cons: Lack of Career Development Resources
Silos
Culture in IT - Some groups can be very combative...
Detroit IT is seen as less valuable than IT staff in Austin
People not performing 
How many managers and project delivery leads do we need for a single project?
Project Managers should have training in project management - ideally a certification - I've been on horrid projects that are nothing but putting out fires due in large part to misallocation of resources and ineffectively managing stakeholders
Titles are wonky - people get really weird about it, and it's hard to explain until you've been around a "data scientist" who struggles to implement/explain regression or a "solution architect" who doesn't understand client -> server
Advice: Attack the culture of coasting by that seems to be present in many areas of IT. 

Encourage best practices among employees by supporting ongoing training and development. 

Recognize employees who excel. I love the nomination process where we can help recognize those who excel. It made my year to receive that from a client. I feel like we need to emphasize those kinds of initiatives and help build up a culture of pro-activity.

For the love of all that is holy, stop evaluating IT projects by ADBB. It is a voodoo process to prioritize projects with - as far as I am aware - no standard calculation that is easily verified. Adopt a standard calculation and actually evaluate projects after they are deployed. I could claim to have saved the company billions, but without formal evaluation, I would call baloney. Alternatively, consider other ways to evaluate projects in the pipeline. 

IT should not be seen as separate from the business. If we are now supposed to be 80% innovation, then we need to be doing more to support innovation that reduces costs or increases revenue. 

Also, I'm sorry, but sending out a spreadsheet with job titles and descriptions for higher grade positions does not constitute career counseling - I could have found that out from indeed.com... Employees definitely need to own their careers, but why do employees need to leave GM to be hired back in at a higher grade or in a position of more responsibility? 

Rein in your recruiters. During my search process that led me to GM, I received printed material and was assured by several people I interacted with that I would joining a development program with rotational assignments, active senior management engagement, and ongoing training opportunities. FYI Everyone, there is no IT development program. It is a college new hire program with high compensation but no formal opportunities like the other GM development programs. If you say you have a formal rotational process and support ongoing development, then you need to follow through and do that.
Pros: Great Work Life Balance
High Pay & Compensation
Company Prestige - GM is in an excellent position for the autonomous future
The ability to work on some really cool projects where you feel like you can have a major impact

Cons: Local area was growing very fast and infrastructure is not keeping up.  Tracking from plant to interstate was sometimes crowded.
Advice: GM was a great place to learn and hone my manufacturing skills.
Pros: GM makes great quality products.  They have a great work environment with good employee benefits.  The plant was located in a nice area with a good school system.

Cons: Managment is manipulative if you dont have their favor. Team lead elections are popularity based and supervisors will move people around to different teams to help canidates they favor. If you are a temp, you walk on eggshells.
Advice: Hire the temps! Quick acting like new hired will bankrupt this multimillion dollar compny!
Pros: Benifits, new skill set, great pay, holiday pay, enthusiasm amoungst the teams.

Cons: Only concern is to emphasize the team work principal to all, in particular to people they been there for a long time and provide the help needed to the rest of the team
Advice: Keep encouraging and supporting your teams.
Pros: Big company, many opportunities, GM has great cars and trucks. They always bring the safety topic. Vacation and holidays are great

Cons: If you don't end up on the right team, say hello to maintaining old applications. The processes also don't help.
Advice: Don't implement a new "process" every time something goes amiss or if there simply isn't a "business process" there.
Pros: Good benefits and a great work environment (if you end up on the right team)

Cons: Antiquated tools. For such a large company, we are still doing a lot of work manually which should be done by some kind of analytical tool. Hard to move into different positions unless you know somebody.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great. Holiday shut down w/o having to use vacation time is a great benefit. Car discounts are pretty good.

Cons: Have to work with standardized process in that many functions are well defined and limited to a narrow scope of work.
Advice: Encourage people to move around inside the company and also promote continuous learning
Pros: Working with many talents and on wide variety of projects. Great experience and flexibility to move from one department to another in a large corporation.

Cons: good working environment!!! really has a lot of challenge there but it is great!!! global company that has a lot of opportunity.
Advice: None
Pros: good working environment !!!great benefit!! great to work for entire of life. cannot be bester compared to other  companies. training and orientation is great and every employee has their own mentor and are really helpful. cannot agree with other positive comment more!!!!!

Cons: There are older systems that take some getting used to and some overlap with each other.  Otherwise, this is a pretty great place to start working.
Advice: None
Pros: Engineers rotate within company 3 times after graduation with bachelors degree. Great growth opportunity, especially after being in the internship program for two rotations

Cons: Six or Seven days working, bad mgmt, union dues taken with no representation, lack of information from union rep's, place individuals on horrible jobs with unrealistic expectations, poor working conditions(no air conditioning), peers doing damage to non American vehicles, the vehicles are assembled with foreign parts
Advice: Improve working conditions
Pros: Salary, Peers, Salary was okay, but you are never off to rest or have a normal life

Cons: Call center management is largely inexperienced in comparison to other companies with the daily ins and outs of how to effectively run a cost-efficient, balanced workload for a contact center.
Advice: Spend more time learning best practices from other contact centers in the area and you'll get where you're going.
Pros: Fantastic pay and benefits. Best I've seen for call center functions in this area.

Cons: some "senior" coworkers were getting paid a lot more while they were doing the minimum while you were an entry-level that was doing way more work and had better work ethic
management seems to value more people with extrovert personalities even when they just to is talk and no work
Advice: None
Pros: work/life balance
frequent 1x1s with manager
good yearly bonus
opportunity to travel internationally

Cons: Tighten rule process and cant find any innovation. Low payment. And sometimes any communication each other. Maybe you are handled like tiny part.
Advice: No comment. Concentrate on your employee.
Pros: Great work and life balance. No presure to work. And you can buy gm car with great discounted.  And if you were work all night you could go rest one day.

Cons: Open seating (no assigned desk) means you have to find a spot to sit every day.  Product development process is in need of better organization; resource management is difficult without knowing program priorities.
Advice: Clearly communicate program priorities consistently to all areas of product development to allow good staffing decisions.  Eliminate open seating concept.
Pros: Competitive salary, benefits, and profit sharing.

Cons: Appears that it is difficult to move up in job levels.
Advice: None
Pros: GM gives a $1500 annual HSA contribution. Health and dental combined cost <$50/mnth for single. 16 company holidays + 15 paid vacation days + sick days for new hire. Good mobility within same job level. Bi-annual compensation reviews for first 3 years.

Cons: IT is very disorganized and bureaucratic and inefficient. Some good people, some not so impressive. Management was poor. My role ended up being different than advertised.
Advice: Scale down goals and focus on building motivated, talented workforce in IT.
Pros: I like the high-level direction of the company. There are some very interesting projects ongoing.

Cons: Too much management, not enough people to get the work done. Overly litigious and procedure. Processes constantly shift.
Advice: Be more flexible on the remote work options, and please stop allowing processes to constantly change. Having processes in place are meaningless that way.
Pros: Lots of opportunities for growth, flexible schedules, great benefits, lots of great technologies to touch.

Cons: Lots of ups and downs in the automobile industry.  If you are looking for job security, you may want to look for other options.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people who are dedicated to their work and the company. Great benefits, work-life balance, and quality of life.   GM is a company that cares about its people and customers.

Cons: Politics
90% of the work done by 30% of the people
Lots of old farts still around
Advice: Force high paid, older employees to earn their pay
Don't play favorites
Detail how an employee can move up or if it's impossible say so
Downsize management
Pros: Great work life balance opportunity
Flexible
Room for growth albeit slow at times
Hi tech work

Cons: For a company focused on becoming a technology leader, why did they lay-off so many Technologists?  Company lacks an executable vision.
Advice: Focus on becoming the U.S. best vehicle brand
Pros: Great health benefits and retirement perks for those lucky enough to survive  bankruptcy and layoffs due to wild swings in the industry overall

Cons: You're just a commodity - high attrition rate
Creativity not tolerated
Long hours including weekends
Setup to fail
Promotions do not exist
NO training - figure it out
Manage Up mentality
Advice: Encourage and inspire workers. Want positive results, have respect for employees. 
Stop the manage up mentality and DO your job!
Pros: Worked with open-minded, creative, energetic people.
People who want to make a difference

Cons: The managers are not that dedicated.  One of the directors spends half his time at a pizza shop he owns and takes you there for 'team lunches'.  Seems the more you socialize with the HP group, the higher you go
Advice: Get rid of some of the not so dedicated managers and directors
Pros: The work is really interesting, especially with all of the new initiatives with the Autonomous Vehicle, ride sharing, and the new oncoming vehicle platforms.  It is great to be part of such an ever changing industry

Cons: all talk and no action from directors.  i have been hearing comments about how fast things and efficient things are going to be for the past 5 years, still little progress has been made due to lack of direction.  data is manipulated to hide certain deficiencies within the department
Advice: get some managers who know how to get results without fudging numbers to make things look better than they actually are
Pros: office is in a great location, desks are comfortable and chairs are nicer than I have seen at my previous companies

Cons: There is no true appreciation of talent, you can work weekends, nights and take away from your family and never a thank you or recognition. Poor under qualified crony managers ( previously fired from Dell) find ways to fault and grade as this come from their top leader making room for her friends and bonus opportunities
Advice: Fire the PMO leaders and get true certified professionals that are seasoned in employee appreciation
Pros: GM itself is a great company and with the right management and fair treatment can excel

Cons: Frequent restructuring / Good old boys type of network still in play / As with many large organizations, who you know and the group you're in speaks more highly than your work, at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Adopts newer technology more quickly than in the past, benefits package, 401k, diverse culture, renovation of various campus'

Cons: Many of the leadership state they are all about workplace of choice ... But their actions are very old school culture.  
Staffing is so thin that no one has time to do everything they need to do.
Advice: Properly nurture career growth of your people so they will want to grow and stay with the company.
Pros: A lot of opportunities to do many things

Cons: Cultures change deep within business units and movement can be difficult at times.
Advice: Expectations for leaders should be consistent across the company.
Pros: Benefits and compensation are great!  There has been a sense of stability even in a tough market.  If you are a dedicated worker who has the ability to work cross functionally you will excel.

Cons: Poor systems, tedious processes, and a lot of bureaucracy burns out employees and causes high turn over.
Advice: Focus on what really is important to GM and continue to identify and eliminate waste out of the system/processes.  Need leaders who strategically focus on GMs best interest, not their own.
Pros: Opportunity to work Globally, interface with multiple different business functions, and is a challenging job.

Cons: Some departments are not changing as fast as others to the vision set out by Mary.
Advice: Mary, you are doing a great job and continue implementing your vision.
Pros: Opportunities to excel. Management values your intellect and abilities and uses them properly. Mary is doing a great job changing the culture.

Cons: too many systems and silos.
Advice: Keep encouraging employees and bring out the best in them
Pros: Work/Life balance is great, vacation days (15 your first year, up to 20 after 3 years and cap at 30), challenging work environment but in a good way! There is a lot of training and understanding that new employees take time to ramp up

Cons: Process overhead 
Top heavy organization 
Paper architects
Carried over resources from EDS HP
Managers are contract negotiators
Managers don't know how to develop resources or manage project
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Benefits
Employer discount 
Shut down July and Christmas 
Industry standard pay
Bonus pay out 
World class Facility
International cafeteria

Cons: -They don't even give you free coffee at work, their technologies are outdated, LOTS of bureaucracy. They don't hire foreign talent. There's NO technical interview for software engineers, if you have a CS or tech degree that's apparently enough  to prove that you're a good programmer. Within my group about 3 or 4 people left within a span of 6 months (either new jobs or transferred to a non-engineering role).
Advice: Raise your hiring standards and improve the work environment.
Pros: -1 week of paid vacation in July

Cons: Inconsistency with day to day operations, Management Has No Clue, Management Lies in order to fire people, Doc 8 policy
Advice: Use common sense, please don't burn your workers out. Have enough supplies and parts to run a entire shift and figure this out before we get to work!
Pros: Lots of Overtime, UAW, Pay, Benefits, Weekly Pay, Free Health Insurance, Yearly Raise, Discounts

Cons: The bureaucracy when I was there was terrible.  It took forever to get anything done.  Getting anything done required going through legal which was a nightmare.
Advice: Keep it up Mary!  You're doing a great job changing GM's culture for the better.
Pros: It is a great company that cares about their employees.  They seem to be releasing great products now.

Cons: Lots of long shifts and you are not able to choose your hours, second shift is a bit of a pain in Toledo due to the fact that it is only a two shift operation
Advice: Be friendly but firm with the hourly workers
Pros: Excellent experience for the summer, met some great people and made some great friends, plenty of hours, great pay and overtime

Cons: they cut out my position... but they did replace me in the company
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors is fair, and treats their employees well.  I was able to work from home, make my own hours, and use my unique skills and personalize my work day to do the best job I could GM really gave me room to flourish.

Cons: Have to pay for coffee and food unlike some tech companies, Pay is a little under average for entry level positions but you get a raise every 6 months for 3 years and a yearly bonus
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to learn, Lots of resources for mentorship, Great benefits and 401K, Plenty of vacation and holidays, Cool projects

Cons: Non-Detroit employees seem disadvantaged. As a large corporation, there is some bureaucracy and politicking.
Advice: None
Pros: The Benchmark of the Automotive Industry! Leading the EV Revolution. Great work-life balance. Good vacation and holiday arrangement. One of the best IT functions in the industry. Commitment to employee inclusion, diversity, and safety. Mary Barra as CEO!

Cons: Company grew too much after bankruptcy, which slowed down decision making and created too much overlap between the brands and the corporate staffs
Advice: Look back to the lessons learned after the 2009 bankruptcy.  Teams ran lean, which allowed more speed and focus to achieve the objectives of the business unit.
Pros: Excellent work environment, supportive leaders and forward thinking strategies

Cons: They bait-and-switched me on a position that I interviewed for. The manager I had was unsupportive and spent too much time building a case against me. I was wrongfully terminated then referred to their Aware-line to share my complaint. Their Aware-line didn't do much but refer my case to someone that works within GM resulting in it being resolved in their favor. There is a meeting that is held to review your case but you won't be able to attend to defend yourself.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company where you can work on some interesting projects.

Cons: Continued downsizing is demoralizing.
Increasing feeling that only senior leadership has any of the answers.
Advice: Encourage risk taking on the part of middle management, instead of keeping heads down and accomplishing nothing.  Reign in out-of-control purchasing organization that doesn't understand customer value.
Pros: Best Car Company to Work for.
Developing excellent new products

Cons: There are a lot of poor managers at GM.  There is a lot of nepotism.  It was very sad to see how little managers knew about the people that worked for them.  Overall teamwork between plants and central office and between departments was terrible.
Advice: GM needs to purge many mid-level and lower level managers.  Much more than they have already done.
Pros: There are a lot of talented, hard working people at General Motors.  I had a lot of respect for my co-workers and enjoyed working with them.

Cons: Poor on-boarding.  Culture fosters an environment that is overly competitive/ cut-throat.  Workload is enough for two full time jobs.
Advice: Less finger pointing, more acceptance, help and support could lead to a more creative and productive work environment.
Pros: Monetary compensation and benefits are great.  Most managers are great at encouraging work life balance and understanding vacation time.

Cons: GM do not have much opening recent years, so it does not guarantee that you can stay there after you graduate.
Advice: I just think the air conditioning in the R&D center is not very good especially during the weekend, the others are fine.
Pros: good experience for a fresh student to find a job. You can get to know lots if people there,  very nice peoplet here.

Cons: Not so good choice for mid career engineers. Very stagnant and with very limited advancement.  Company is willing to do more to retain young engineers and does not care much about mid career engineers.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good place for young engineers to learn and pretty good opportunities for young engineers to move within the company.

Cons: Still clinging onto the O.B.N. 
Promotions based on "who you know" rather than formal credentials
Some of the ethical challenges seem to have carried over from the "old" GM
Advice: Share the wealth and try to rate employees based on contributions rather than level of connectedness.
Pros: Good compensation
Good vehicle discount purchase programs
Decent do-workers

Cons: If you don't get the right manager, that manager will make you stay within the group for years on end because you're "crucial" to the group
Advice: One shouldn't get punished and not have future career opportunities due to being crucial to the group. If I'm that crucial, pay up.
Pros: If you get the right manager, you have plenty of opportunities

Cons: IT is not the best.  Many things move very slow at GM.  Computer software is a big struggle within the company.
Advice: GM needs to act more like a technology company, very archaic in many aspects
Pros: Overall good work environment. Good pay, good 401k, room to grow with company. Vacation/PTO is good. Bonus is very nice.

Cons: We need to move faster doing more of what is working and get out of things which aren't working for us.
Advice: Keep looking for disruptive tech so we can lead, while keeping the core business strong and focused on the best vechicles.
Pros: Safety, intrgrety and trust are corner stones to GM. Hard work and leadership skills get noticed.

Cons: Overly bureaucratic
absolutely no consideration of work-life balance
No career mobility
minimal technical career track
Older technology
rigidly stratified upper management
lots of long-time employees grazing rather than working
Advice: Shake things up a bit ...bring in some new talent at the director level.
GM-IT is governed by 20th-century thinking
Pros: Good Co-workers
1st Level management is attentive but very restricted in what they can do.

Cons: 1. Old Fashioned management
2. Insane Bureaucracy
3.  Not much flexibility for actual innovation and idea sharing
4. Not much opportunity for advancement
Advice: Adapt to new methods of management and the development process
Pros: 1. Great pay and benefits
2. Great work life balance
3. Solid New College Hire Program

Cons: The facility here in Roswell is not the best.  Your job is not secure.  GM seems to have opted for a strategy of employing new college hires while getting rid of more of their experienced hires.  Will be interesting to see how this plays out long term
Advice: Consider keeping experienced hires to mentor younger LSSYBs and LSSGBs.  Six Sigma has been proven to eliminate waste
Pros: I loved working at GM.  I had great teammates sprinkled all across the US and got to work on some high impact initiatives

Cons: Manual labor, will replace us first chance they get, no communication between mgmt and floor personnel, generally awful morale
Advice: Talk to your members, tell us what's going on, why are you canceling overtime, and then immediately scheduling overtime. Stop leaving us in the dark.
Pros: UAW provides some job security, great pay &amp; benefits for no college degree, paid holidays

Cons: A lot of meetings. A lot of which can be pointless depending on who is running them. Little contact with the actual product unless you're a calibrator. Just starring into a screen for the most part. Won't find many if any passionate people here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. It can be stressful but comes in waves. Generally manageable.

Cons: Lower salary compared to other companies. GM seems to pay below market.
Advice: Hire more experienced workers to stabilize projects and less people right out of college.
Pros: GM really focuses on culture and inclusion within the company. You do not have to put in crazy hours. You may have 2 or 3 50+ hour weeks a year. The rest are 40-45 hours/week.

Cons: A lot of things can be announced last minute, and even then its very ambiguous and vague. They will work with you however
Advice: None
Pros: They're very understanding and will work with you in a lot of matters, form work from home to going back to the office. From my experience they're all very nice and there are a lot of opportunities to advance

Cons: You dont get paid what you should be and its hard to even ask for more because HR are there to say no even if youre paid under the mid point (you get the mid/max of your band level every year). You can even present a completely valid case on why you should get paid more and they will say no, pay disparity here is pretty crazy and doesnt really have much sense to it.
Advice: None
Pros: Health benefits, working from home, you can experience different roles pretty easily

Cons: currently - market conditions are making it very stressful - also still a lot of old school management style - more and more is going away though . . .
Advice: Make sure that our PR people are doing their jobs!!!
Pros: Has been very steady - very competitive salary / benefits, etc.

Cons: The latest buzz word is "silo".  By definition that does not foster team work.  I cringe when I think that a silos' theme song is "That's not my job!"  All of us have to do a quality job to feed the assembly line and ultimately feed sales operations with incredible products. It's all eyes and ears focused on that and doing whatever it takes to achieve that.
Advice: Remember the words "Through these doors walk the greatest automakers in the world."
Pros: It used to be a great place to work.

Cons: I was kept busy all day. Work week was long, usually ranging from 55-65 hours a week, but at least I was paid for it. Time off is often and much needed. Sometimes stressful.
Advice: Give workers a break.
Pros: Good pay, and the job was interesting. I liked the way the factory was run and had few complaints about the mid-level leadership.

Cons: Cons include longs hours, mediocore salary, little room for advancement. Old boys club environment. Continual layoffs increase office stress. Litle diversity
Advice: Increase the amount of challenging work to be done.. Increase product design and variety. Invigorate environment. Keep hope alive for a better GM.
Pros: Good product variety however, due to economy, its is extremely stressful. We went through bankruptcy and several stressful periods.

Cons: Promotions based on who you know more than what you know.  Management can be very petty and back stabbing.  If you speak up or "rock the boat" it is held against you.
Advice: Regcognize leadership in the orgainization.  Promote based on knowledge and ability not on who you know.
Pros: Pay and benefits are on par with other companies.

Cons: Auto market fluctuates with gas prices, team members are paid more overtime than salaried personnel, difficult to develop skills in a U.A.W structured plant.
Advice: The new products look great, sustain the momentum.  Try to provide development opportunities for salaried people.
Pros: Great company background, comparable salary, good location, potential growth opportunities, tuition and relocation benefits are great.

Cons: Politics in some areas were frustrating. Some managers more focused on keeping their jobs instead of advancing the business.  Found some leaders arrogant and condescending.
Advice: None
Pros: Outstanding benefits: health insurance and retirement plan.  Fascinating work with global reach. Good teamwork, peers willing to work together to solve problems.  Top leadership working hard to improve culture.

Cons: THe reason i left them is that they don't give enough training for senior management, and the salary growth is limited
Advice: Give more training for employees, and raise the salary.
Pros: I had a wonderful experience working for GM. The senior staff are very helpful and they give good guuidance on what to do next. I recommend working with them.

Cons: You will find yourself working all hours, managers focused on metrics rather than the customer experience.  The bill of goods sold is STRONG but becomes a house of cards
Advice: do not rate all employees on their current metrics, look towards improvement and better processes
Pros: Managers preach work life balance - the ability to build relationships with dealerships is strong!

Cons: Very difficult to attain a promotion (seems to be based more on how well liked you are than performance)
Advice: Annual review of employees who take on extra work should be rewarded
Pros: Work/life balance.  Training is available usually offsite.  Hours are flexible.  Workload distribution is fair in most cases

Cons: Lower seniority will keep you on a certain shift until one builds up time  (3 to 5 years). Some jobs are overloaded but manageable.
Advice: None
Pros: Top out pay is very good. Benefits are better than most companies. The hours are good. Advancement opportunities are readily available for those who want to move up.

Cons: Moving inside the company can be difficult at times and some of the senior positions are already spoken for.   Need to be in top % plus know somebody to have a chance at moving up.
Advice: Rotations would be good.
Pros: Compensation package is very good and comparable to others in industry.  Very good vacation package work life balance.

Cons: Management is terrible.  Communication is non-existent after changes to procedures.  Groups make their own policies without consulting the groups the changes will affect.
Advice: Listen to your employees suggestions and actually support them.
Pros: Good benefits and 401K.  There are some great people that work here.

Cons: Companies run on relationships and that is very much the case here. Any company that has been around for more than 10 years will develop several tiers of management and with that, fiefdoms.  If you have a good social game you'll do fine.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall benefits package is in line with any large corporation based in US.

Cons: Wide variety of experiences.  Remain s to be seen that the new direction is viable.
Advice: Work harder at ensuring the policies are adhered to at lower levels.
Pros: I worked in the business services side and management team was pretty good. Alas, anew team is in place now, so remain s to be seen that they will continue in the tradition.

Cons: Very disparate treatment of employees.  You can have your request for Continuing Education required to do your job rejected while your co-worker gets their $100K+ graduate school fully paid for by GM.  Your opportunities within the company are directly correlated with your relationship with Management.
Advice: Treat all of your employees fairly, people pick up on the disparate treatment and it kills morale
Pros: Very interesting work, you can work on a lot of large, global projects.  Many GM and public holidays recognized

Cons: There are a lot of politics and things generally take a long time to get done.  IT is not as state-of-the-art as you would think for such a large company.  A lot of what is going in right now will need to be replaced in a few years to bring it up to modern tech standards
Advice: Don't reshape your programs and technology to conform to inefficient business processes
Pros: The salary is higher that average, although you will find that different people are one different packages depending on when they joined GM

Cons: Bureaucracy, Promotion, Cross Origination Career Movement
Advice: Continue to innovate and improve on the "Old GM" way of doing things. Try to incorporate evaluations on specific roles across different industries. General Motors is no longer just an Automotive company, leveraging how other Technology companies operate can drive organizational goals and objectives.
Pros: Company Legacy, Innovation, Work Life Balance, Driving Industry, Great Colleagues

Cons: You will have very little freedom to do your job. You will be on mandatory overtime 6 days a week. You will have to deal with favoritism, racism and no balance in your work life. It will take you 2 years to hire in permanent if they don’t lay you off or fire before. So you’re time will get reset.
Advice: Work people less and provide a more friendlier work environment. Hire people in after 90 days. Restore COLA and Pensions plans for all.
Pros: You will earn a decent living with great benefits.

Cons: Bureaucracy, Labor-Mgmt disputes, lack of teamwork, leadership lacking
Advice: Need to have a better vision of the future and invest in innovation, Customer focus is horrible, shouldn't require the US government or high oil prices to cause company to improve fuel efficiency if the company really cares about customers
Pros: global company, lots of resource (before current financial problems), excellent benefits and salary

Cons: poorly prepared leadership; lack of vision for future; insufficient drive and risk-taking to accomplish goals that will assure a successful future
Advice: Allow people the chance to use ALL their talent and ability.  Take pains to learn what people can do and then help them find that place in the company that they can do their best.
Pros: Good processes; many dedicated people;

Cons: Since General Motors is a multinational corporation, work schedules can be varied from very early meetings to very late meetings
Advice: Stay on track with the turn around plan. General Motors historically is an outstanding company and the company can make a come back!
Pros: Great products, challenging environment, interesting, always something new to learn, very supportive of family events, good feed back loop, established

Cons: -Not very rewarding
-Almost no interaction with bosses
-Depressing place to work during the economic downturn
-Middle management is not entirely competent
Advice: Pay more attention to your interns. If my experience was like most interns, then it does not look great for future hires. n.
Pros: -Well Payed
-Flexible Hours
-Nice people
-Expansive complex in Warren, MI
-Some nice perks, such as company car occasionally and trips to proving grounds

Cons: As a global company, there is no "close of business".  Work life balance looks great  on a HR presentation but does not seem to exist in real world expectations.  Expect to be "always" working.
Advice: 
Pros: Incredible resources and benefits.  A group of very talented and smart people.  Consistent push to be "the best" at what they do.

Cons: too much uncertainty. need more movement. don't want to say anymore. Will promote this again. There is better thinks to do.
Advice: get better. promote people base on their ability to get the job done, instead of how go a ass kisser they are.
Pros: good benefit, much growth opportunity. I will like to said something better, but there is nothing comes to my mind.

Cons: Lack of upward mobility within the company. There was a strong sense among fellow coworkers that upper levels of management did not value employees who had put in several years of outstanding work.
Advice: reward your longstanding employees
Pros: It was fun to come to work every day. Great work environment, coworkers made the entire experience very fun and enjoyable.

Cons: It is a company still in transition and transformation.  The culture is archaic but it is changing.  However, the size of the organization slows its ability to effect change throughout the company creating a disconnect between executive leadership and employees.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors is a multinational company with unlimited opportunities for people with the right attitude.  The work I challenging and complex.

Cons: When at plant you work all the time. Very difficult to maintain life outside of work.
Advice: Just paying people large amounts doesn't always want people to stay with the company. People need to have a life outside of work.
Pros: Willing to compensate for time there. Good salary. Hear very good things about working for technical center.

Cons: Large corporate environment.  Easy to become lost in the noise.  Sometimes work/life balance is questionable.
Advice: Allow mid-level employees more access to diverse work.  Those seeking transitions would not do so if they did not have the aptitude for it.
Pros: Highly competitive benefits.  Growing IT infrastructure leads to many opportunities to broaden skills set, especially for college hires.

Cons: No real cons for this position. Must be flexible and able to adapt to busy times. Must work on Saturdays.
Advice: Leave some room for growth and a little more opportunity. Other than that, management is doing a fine job at keeping everyone productive.
Pros: Fun, fast-pace environment. Can't complain with driving around in nice cars all day. Not an overwhelming job.

Cons: Because it is a big company, upper management does not consider the work an individual does.  It is about numbers.
Advice: Remember those that have been committed to GM for years and value their business knowledge.
Pros: I like the people I work with.  There are many opportunities.  Things are always changing.

Cons: Politics is rampant in several verticals and career opportunities are limited.  Nothing new in such a huge organization like GM.
Advice: Adoption of Agile and OpEX is a great start, but the company needs to embrace it.
Pros: Benefits are excellent. 401k matching 8% matching.  College reimbursements.  Vacation is almost 4 weeks to start.

Cons: No opportunity for advancement, managers don't want females on the showroom floor unless they are a receptionist/secretary. Unwilling to hear new ideas
Advice: Look for defining qualities in job candidates aside from age and gender.
Pros: Easy workload, interesting work environment if you enjoy the automotive industry. Not quite as mundane as other accounting jobs can sometimes be

Cons: Difficult to move up, as company would seemingly rather hire an outsider than promote from within.
Advice: Give more high responsibility opportunities to younger hires that you worked so hard to groom
Pros: Great work environment including flexible hours, work remote, smart and hardworking coworkers, nice facility.
Many projects are fun and engaging. 
Great benefits like 401k matching, big annual bonus

Cons: Those who have worked in the company for many years tend to be less likely to accept new ideas.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, flexible hours, good amount of personal time off, above average salary, plenty of room to move around the company in both job functions and locations.

Cons: The job required me to be on the road a lot.  Fun at first, but is not the most desirable during the winter months.
Advice: Keep job in same location so I don’t have to relocate so frequently.
Pros: Great health and company car benefits.  Great advancement opportunities if you are single and can relocate on a regular basis.

Cons: Large corporation culture and issues, easy to get lost in the mix if you're not continuously proactive and tenacious.
Advice: Treat creativity as the valuable asset that it is, before losing it to a competitor through a disenchanted employee.
Pros: Deep well of creative solutions and brands to work on. Never a dull moment

Cons: - Wrong people often get promoted to management roles, the good managers get moved on quickly to better jobs
- Very easy to get forgotten about and pigeon holed if you're under the wrong manager
Advice: None
Pros: - Good respect of work/life balance, ability to work from home when necessary
- Challenging work

Cons: No stock options. A lot of the work force is aging and could benefit from fresh talent. Some tasks require too much administrative approval
Advice: Could benefits from hiring fresh talent
Pros: Excellent 401k. Health care is great and 1500 HSA money. Almost 200% match for upto 4% of base income. Flexible timings. People around you are friendly.

Cons: Work schedule is hectic unless you have been there for years and got a good shift.
Advice: They were pretty cool.
Pros: Great opportunity if you can actually get in full time, I do like that they honor seniority, being young it's more of a challenge, but the room to grow is there with hard work and dedication to make the best vehicles.

Cons: Company is caught between transitioning for the future and too many old school thinkers in leadership. Current round of layoffs not good for morale. Highly politicized.
Advice: Realize that it’s not just at the manager and below level where changes need to be made.
Pros: Good work life balance, great opportunity to work on large high-profile initiatives.

Cons: You'll be stuck under some "level 8 lead" that basically kills any creativity you may have. 

Throw away any good ideas and creative thinking before you join GM! because all you're going to do is fill up power points and be forced to attend meetings!

Zero chances advancement in your same team, just some layoffs threats after years of very hard and dedicated work!
Advice: Don't hire smart people and force them to work with out of touch "leads"
Pros: Pay is not bad compared to other companies and Benefits are ok.

Cons: Management lies to much, prefer to hire temps and layoff regular employees
Advice: Tell your people the truth and stop looking for ways to write people up. Let them do the job you hired them to do. People don't want to come to work if management is making it miserable
Pros: The benefits, Union, vacation, bonuses, great for OT if you need it

Cons: The people, managers tend to come from non tech backgrounds and have no idea to relate to my job.  Also, managers will verbally state that your job wont be eliminated only to turn around and cut your job weeks later
Advice: We get that GM is downsizing.  Please be honest and fair with employees that will be affected in the future.  Dont make job guarantees that you cant keep
Pros: Really like the campus here in Texas, old converted Dell building that is in tip top shape

Cons: Many layers of management and bureaucracy.  Much of your time is spent preparing presentations for your boss who will present it to their boss, and all the way up the chain.  IT leadership is not that versed in technology
Advice: Flatten the organization so that regular employees have access to leadership regularly.
Pros: Sense of camaraderie on the Warren campus.  Ample charities to get involved in and GM allows you to take 1 day per year to volunteer a local non profit.

Cons: The work is terrible.  You constantly have to fudge numbers to put a rosier picture on things.  Lack of career opportunities.  Teams are constantly changing and slow team members are constantly being shuffled to other teams when they should just be let go
Advice: Stop shuffling the dead wood in Austin, just cut it off the tree already
Pros: Great car discount if you ever want to buy a Buick or Chevrolet.  You can even pass this discount onto your family if they want to use a discount code

Cons: Wouldn't pay as well or have even half the benefits if they weren't forced to.
Management doesn't abide by the rules set in place even by the unions.
Advice: listen to your employees, don't harass them or look for faults that aren't there, and accept that mechanical breakdowns simply happen when machines are used at the rate that they are.
Pros: Honestly decent pay and benefits

Cons: Occasionally has long hours depending on issues or upcoming design reviews
Advice: None
Pros: This role provides a lot of great experiences for future jobs
Provides exposure and opportunities to progress within the company

Cons: The only people that seem to be in management have been there 20+ years. You can get the sense that smart people use it as a resume booster and move on quickly. They do things certain ways because it is how they have only done it.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. There are lots of perks and opportunities to move around.

Cons: Not a true team environment. Find an advocate because who you know matters more than your quality of work or results.
Advice: Spend more time creating a better candidate experience and interview people based on their experiences vs. a few questions that really don’t determine their abilities or potential.
Pros: Great exposure to various projects in addition to your regular responsibilities.

Cons: The difficulty of trying to convicne the general public that we make very good cars and trucks.
Advice: Re-establish communication with your field staff.
Pros: A company that has tried to do the right thing for many decades but got caught in some of the most difficult business conditions of the last 75 years.

Cons: Sometimes hard to get things done because it is a big company. Also have a lot of "free riders".
Advice: Recognize employees based on their performance, not their ethnicity.
Pros: Can move up pretty quick if you do a good job and have a good network going.

Cons: Still encounter occasional lingering bureaucracy from the "old GM", older employees that oppose change
Advice: Continue the cultural change to help drive better employee engagement
Pros: Excellent benefits (paid HSA, 2x 401k match), Generous PTO, promotions determined by performance, new effort to develop young company talent, Positive company outlook, Signs of real cultural progress

Cons: Parking structure far from office, Training wasn't very effective-could be better, sometimes I have nothing to do--work load is not consistent, you have to pay for benefits, contract position
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime, Can fulfill job description, Largest automotive company in the world, Cases are interesting, environment I work in has a great atmosphere.

Cons: New hires are now on the tier 2 pay scale and get paid considerably less than people working right next to you.  Labor intense job that can be hard on the body.
Advice: None
Pros: There is lots of opportunity for overtime.  The benefits are pretty good.  The pay is good if you don't have a college degree.

Cons: Because there are so many layers of corporate oversight, and so many people working in so many positions, mid level employees often find themselves confused, at the mercy of middle management who also don't know what's going on.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has great benefits, pays well, has a ton of vacation, and has good bonuses.

Cons: There are lot of great people competing for limited promotional opportunities. Some of these promotions are politically motivated.
Advice: Make promotions fair and award them to deserving people.
Pros: GM is an excellent employer to work for. There are top technical people working with you. I recommend it to anyone one who wants to grow technically.

Cons: The company is still too slow, changes take too much time to be applied. It is getting better and better but tons of space for improvement. Career very political
Advice: None
Pros: Very good Benefits, fair workload enabling a good balance with employees personal life. Good managent, and career development plans. Opportunities to grow vertically and horizontally.

Cons: The Warren Tech Center is very large and the grounds need updating in certain areas. The street lighting is inadequate at best.  Updating the office workspaces with new furniture would be appreciated as well.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay, excellent benefits, interesting work. Profession and courteous coworkers make employment at General Motors very rewarding. The best job I have ever had.

Cons: too corporate and takes forever for things to get approved. They need to work on employee communication so its more personable.
Advice: work on employee communication so its more personable.This will help you retain more employees
Pros: Great enviornment and benefits. You get about 20 days off right from the start. and a bunch of sick time they dont tell you about.

Cons: Will take a long time to get over the stinch of failures and perception as an old-school slow lumbering manufacturer of planet-killing machines.
Advice: Faster, faster, faster in product development. Start over with a blank slate for a market-speed development process.
Pros: Lot more turnover in the past few years at senior leadership level which is long overdue.

Cons: Temporary employees received no days off, no health benefits and no bonuses. It was frowned upon even to ask for a day off. Rumors about being laid off were always floating around so you were constantly in fear of losing your job.
Advice: Ease up with giving temp employees time off, they have lives too
Pros: Paid okay for requiring no skills

Cons: Lots of information is all over the place and not consistent across databases.
Advice: Help us new hires train more to do our job and what is expected of us.
Pros: Working for a fortune 5 company with the environment of a start up. We get amazing benefits and leadership really cares to take time to make sure you're happy working.

Cons: Very old and outdated bureaucratic work culture. Not very innovative and contrary to leadership's message, the business is not very open to change. Very slow transformation process and the technology is 15 to 20 years behind the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation and benefits. Leadership going through a transition phase, to align better diversity. Good work life balance. Potential opportunities for young workforce

Cons: Work life balance culture should be consistent throughout the company. Pay is a little low compared to market and competitors.
Advice: Company culture and direction should be adopted by all and facilitated throughout the leadership.
Pros: Work life balance is a priority for most leaders. Culture of the company headed in the right direction. People and leaders are great to work with.

Cons: - Management caters to employees under the age of 35. 
- Being bullied by your manager and director in the same room.
- Blame game central.
- Poor HR support.
- High stress, no sleep, stomach cramps.
- “Leave your experience and knowledge at the front door, for this is GM.”
Advice: - Not to generalize all management.  To my previous leadership team, try taking management 101 and learn to build the employees up rather than tormenting them.
Pros: Being able to  say you work for the prestigious name of General Motors.

Cons: Unpredictable 
Unorganized 
Unsafe 
Switching work hours
Advice: I think you should place people where their experience level is , instead of randomly placing people anywhere. Also making people stay an extra hour to train people at the end of a third shift is not very beneficial because they are tired and probably won’t retain any of that information.
Pros: Good pay 
Good pay 
Pay

Cons: May get lost in the numbers
Advice: Always important to understand the skill set that is currently being managed and develop your team to where it best suits the team and the business.
Pros: Due to the relatively large global structure,  there are many opportunities to grow and develop within the company.

Cons: Uninterested, uninformed mid level management that does not listen to working level employees.
Advice: Listen to your employees.  Take an interest in what your people do and how they do it and rather than only reacting to what the person above you wants or thinks.
Pros: Pay, benefits, vacation and coworkers.

Cons: If you are a level 7A it is very hard to reach level 8.  It's who you know at GM.
Advice: Be fair.  Don't just put out a req if you have someone picked out to fill the spot already.  It's a waste of everyone's time.
Pros: Good salary, good work life balance

Cons: - Cyclical nature of product development means there are times when you are extremely busy and times when you do not have enough work
Advice: - Invest in the IT infrastructure for your engineering teams; huge opportunities for improvement if some of the processes can be automated
Pros: - Flexible hours
- Plenty of opportunities for training and career development
- Graduate Degree Reimbursement

Cons: Management is totally bad. Hired as software developer but forced to do other stuff not software related like testing or IT support. Management is terrible, unhelpful, and plays favorites. If you're not a typical talkative person, don't expect to go anywhere here. Management will crush you down if they don't like you.
Advice: Stop playing favorites and judging people based on initial impressions. Give people a chance and don't expect everyone to be the same.
Pros: None really expect decent coworkers

Cons: Long hours, mandatory overtime out of nowhere... Not flexible. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Advice: Everything under pressure
Pros: Steady pay, good benefits. Yearly raise. Profit sharing. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

Cons: High pay expects intense work and hours, but worth it.
Advice: Although our employees will find a way to get it done, some requests are time intensive and could be avoided from a time cost/benefit perspective.  Nice to have information could sometimes be avoided.
Pros: Constant updating so also improving employees skills and knowledge.  Progressive.  Many functional areas to work. Good pay.

Cons: Extremely dependent upon your immediate management. But generally lack trust and respect for the employees. Poor listening skills in top management.
Advice: Need to increase focus on the customer, rather than regulatory requirements and cost only.
Pros: Highly technical work. Meeting many people. If you really like cars, this is the place to be.

Cons: politics are important and play a major role in everything
Advice: dont lay people off just to get back at someone
Pros: great benefits, pay is excellent, most of he people that you work with are great, they take care of there employees for the most party

Cons: Very poor leadership. Management actively tries to keep down individual contributors instead of fostering their growth. Mistreatment and retaliation against employees who speak up is common.
Advice: Eat a piece of humble pie and be thankful that GM still exists. If it wasn't for the employees that work hard everyday, you would be on the street. Treat them with the respect they deserve.
Pros: Making better cars and putting the customer first has improved greatly since bankruptcy. Great non-management co-workers. Quickly becoming a major technology company vs just an automaker.

Cons: Micro-management
Unclear expectations
General Motors bad press usually affects morale
Sometimes negative press is cumulative - you feel like you're getting a lot of it at the same time.
Advice: Better planning and communication
Pros: Work schedule
Work location
Good team
General Motors has options to have a flex work schedule, the commute is reasonable. Team members are usually good to work with

Cons: As with the whole automotive industry, projects seem to move slowly and depend on other people getting back to you.
Advice: None
Pros: Very relaxed environment, but with a drive to get things done. Working as a co-op student, everybody is willing to help you. GM will invite you back if you are competent and willing to learn.

Cons: The down side of working for General Motors was the battles the UAW encountered while negotiating a contract for the Hourly employees.
Advice: Listen to your employees, they may have ideas that can grow your business or improve methods you are currently using.
Pros: Informative and life changing with regards to learning how large corporation work  versus the private sector.

Cons: Not everyone knows how to do everything. Have to go to one specific person for certain things to be done in the websites
Advice: Stay in tune with your employees
Pros: It's hospitable, friendly, helpful environment. Everyone is a go getter and is there to help you when needed. Fast past environment

Cons: The pay is not as expected, I mean it's a large Corp.  and lack of communication really causes more issues than it should.
Advice: Communicate better
Pros: The people and environment are great for the most part, there is always a couple of individuals that live for drama they create, but there is not much of that at General motors.

Cons: Many customers are mad about pricing , they are frequently already angry because their car or truck is broken. We get to be where they direct that anger. Also they are frustrated when parts are discontinued by the manufacturer.
Advice: none, it usually falls on deaf ears
Pros: Helping individuals, companies and technicians in getting parts for repairs in a timely fashion.

Cons: Nepotism is very prevalent and the executives make horrible decisions. A lot of incompetent coworkers that cause the burden of their work to fall on the most responsible people
Advice: Listen to the complaints your workers have made on Workplace of Choice. Rather than get defensive about issues, fix them to keep good people around.
Pros: Good vacation/holiday time, unlimited sick days

Cons: Customer service is a hard role to stay with. People tend to take their brand aggression out on you personally.
Advice: None
Pros: I get to wake up every day and be surrounded by amazing vehicles that I can take pride I knowing that I work for that company.

Cons: Managers in general do ok at managing. They are challenged at leading.
Advice: Focus more on leading people.  Identifying what makes your people tick.  And then leading them to greatness.
Pros: If you have interest in anything automotive, through dedication and hard work you will be able to achieve it.

Cons: Upper management more concerned about short term stock price, rather than long term sustainability and employee retention .
Advice: Cutting head counts doesn't fix the problems at the company, it just temporarily makes it look like there isnt a problem.
Pros: Working on cutting edge technology in some areas of the company.

Cons: You are forced to agree with whatever they say in Dublin and Austin.  Any mention of new ideas are different approaches are shot down immediately.
Advice: Well, hire back the ones you got rid of earlier this year.  There were some pretty good people who were just too much of a threat to the current regime
Pros: Great co-workers with a good sense of camaraderie among us.   Good medical rates if you are OK with a high deductible plan

Cons: Managers only care about performance and how things look to their superiors.  Plan on working and being on call if you get sick, have a family emergency, or have a baby.  They will work you to the bone here
Advice: Try to be more accommodating to your employees, especially during times of distress
Pros: Great campus with a lot of cool sports cars out front.  Plenty of 'charity' golf outings as a way to get out of the office during the day

Cons: Bosses can be a little heavy handed.  We are told not to give negative reviews (Workplace of Choice), to only post positive reviews of the company online, and to generally avoid speaking our minds
Advice: Rather than trying to censure employees, it would help to address the underlying problems that are causing so many concerns
Pros: GM like any big company has better than average benefits including life insurance, disability, health, dental, and vision insurance

Cons: Management can be hard to work with. Certain jobs do require a lot of hours when it comes closer to the launch of a product.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, good benefits, interesting work, flexible hours. Also comes with great benefits. This varies with what job you have of course. But overall it's a great place to work.

Cons: As with every big company burocracy and the lack of transparency around certain processes can become frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenges, complexity of the work, you get a lot of responsibilities. There is a lot of travel if you want to.

Cons: No cons at this time. I've been there for quite some time and haven't found any.
Advice: No advice available at this time. Haven't been there long long enough to be able to give advice.
Pros: Gm has a very generous engineering program. Willing to take a chance for those who prove worthy.

Cons: Don't treat workers fair they treat the workers on the line like animals working for them not easy work
Advice: Don't treat people like animals after all if it wasn't for the workers on the line working you wouldn't have a job
Pros: The pay is great and Benfits good 401 plan and good vacation time they also have sick days

Cons: Could be lost in the sheer size if the company and may have no visibility on the future product cycle and long term vision.
Advice: Providing long term vision to your employees will improve the morale. Also, reduce the red tape to improve the development cycles.
Pros: Nice benefits and busy work, access to cutting edge tools

Cons: noise, dirt and oil, heavy lifting often, told to expect maybe 5 years on 2nd shift. Never got enough seniority to get off 2nd even with nearly 20 years seniority.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and benefits, education options if you could make that work with your shift and were willing to look for them.

Cons: If you're a woman, beware of the catty, crabs-in-a-barrel attitude the women in this company seem to possess. The company is full of clique-ish behavior when it comes to the women.
Advice: None
Pros: Vibrant environment, excellent perks and in the heart of downtown Detroit. Opportunities for growth and amazing pay. The ability to work from home some days during the week.

Cons: the jobs cause your body to tear down quickly after many years of abuse.
Advice: like they would listen
Pros: health insurance and pay compensate, but they are hiring as temps now so its hard to get benefits l like they gave out 15 years ago.

Cons: Bureaucracy can sometimes hinder new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting/challenging work.  In my  personal opinion, GM is a great place to work. They are trying to lead in the auto 2.0 and the work is exciting and challenging. You will be required to step out of you comfort zon and learn new skills to drive the business forward

Cons: See title, you can either get yelled at for not utilizing vacation, or get yelled at for not completing whatever fire drill is assigned while on vacation.
Advice: Come down to the bottom for a week or 2. Very different from when they were there 15 years ago.
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits,

Cons: if you are looking into  join GM, come as level 8 , (if you have experience  like 7-10 + years).  Career path is not there for mid level software developers
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment, Flexibility ( depends on which dept you are working with)

Cons: Attention all operations supervisors, plant managers have their numbers and will do anything except support their staff
Advice: Support your staff.  No really hard, should be part of the job.  Stop chasing those numbers!!!  Any promotions must go through the manager vs. your merits.
Pros: Worker bees, peers, pay.  Very much a TEAM

Cons: People development processes need work. "Catching-up" in some key technology areas. Most tech jobs outside of IT are based in Michigan
Advice: People training and development opportunities are too narrowly focused.  Consider offering sabbaticals to tenured (10+ year) employees
Pros: Redefining the corporate culture to be more inclusive and less hierarchical. Good overall people policies.

Cons: Slow process.
Need to chain people into getting issues resolved.
Advice: Management is doing good. They have latest and best practices in industry. Its the people that need to change and own it.
Pros: Work life balance and company culture.
Everybody is appreciative and appreciated.
Team spirit and belonging.
Working on cool and cutting edge technologies.

Cons: Old boys club. Financial management is the focus. Salary growth far below outside industry for technical people. No support or recognition from management. Employees are just a cost to be contained.
Advice: Think long term. Concentrate on product not on finance. Finances will take care of themselves once product is good. Top management should be product people not finance people.
Pros: Decent starting salaries. Used to be leader in auto industry. Breadth of knowledge of technical people is very good. Good place to gain expertise in different areas.

Cons: Dealing with poor work attitudes of a minority of employees.  The union. Lack of recognition from upper management unless you screw up.  Lack of opportunity to advance unless you have an engineering degree.
Advice: 
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Instant recognition on the resume.  When times were good job could be done sitting in the office.

Cons: Need to work through a multiple layer decision making process, which is typical of most large organizations
Advice: We tend to undersell our technology/products and let the competition take the initiative away from us
Pros: Abundant Opportunities to excel, ideal place to build a well recognized professional experience base and global footprint

Cons: R&D Directors and higher remained mostly unchanged after bankruptcy resulting in more of the same decisions that put us there...
Advice: Spend some non-adversarial time with the salary ranks and eliminate Directors reporting to Executive Director spouses.
Pros: I have always had good group managers that fought for their people (note this in not the norm at GM)

Cons: Overly rigid adherence to external political pressure, especially since federal involvement. Union work rules and social promotion are excessive and onerous. The culture at GM has become far less personally referent over the last two decades.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse functional and educational opportunities - personal and professional interests may be pursued as one develops and builds their career.

Cons: The Bankruptcy restructured the Financials, Manufacturing Footprint and event the Top Management. However, the culture of bureaucracy, boss worship and complex coordination remain.
Advice: Focus on the customer; not on the boss. Provide more autonomy to employees and let them flourish.
Pros: Bankruptcy and restructuring have given it a new lease of life. New management is turning the company around.

Cons: Lots of "red tape"
Extremely bureaucratic 
Takes forever to get anything done
Estimates are often considered commitments
Advice: Try to ditch some of the old tendencies and embrace the new generation of IT professionals.  Focus more of results, rather than deadlines.  Allow for adaptation and growth mid cycle.
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay
Fantastic technology stack
Smart co-workers

Cons: *Like any workplace, not everything is perfect. However, it is overall a great place.
Advice: Corporate budget constraints make it extremely hard to perform maintenance tasks. Loosen up on the ability to acquire spare parts and materials needed to do the job efficiently.
Pros: *Great pay
*Employees heavily involved in the decision-making process
*Outstanding medical benefits

Cons: “Old GM” is very much alive and may come in the way of young people trying to help make a difference in the company and its future.
Advice: Be consistent with the programs you have in place across all of GM.
Pros: Great benefits, best in class pay, and overall a good experience.

Cons: Management both here in Austin and Michigan seems a bit rudderless.  A lot of work is done on projects that people know add little business value but we need to use the budget up this year.  My director and manager lack overall technical knowledge and Info technology experience
Advice: Give me some leaders who can actually provide direction.  Stop funding pet projects that lack business value.  Less managers and more workers
Pros: A lot of online training modules available and good employees discounts

Cons: Micromanagement, noncompliance towards agile principles,  political games.
Advice: Just be better people to your subordinates. Treat them with respect. Understand their concerns. Don't dismiss new ideas.
Pros: A lot of teams, a lot of products, some mix of modern and ancient stacks, really a guess work of which you'll be assigned.

Cons: Long Hours
Demanding 
Challenging
Fast Paced
High Pressure
Advice: I enjoyed my time at GM, and I recommend it to others looking for manufacturing experience.  The job can sometimes become very hectic and demanding, but that is a realistic trait to being in the manufacturing industry.
Pros: Good Pay
Large Company
Diverse Age Range of Coworkers
Opportunities to Shine

Cons: Contract every 4 years is awful, can be a temp up to 5 years
Advice: Hire people in a timely manner, allow the teams to properly train new team members. Pay people what they are worth
Pros: Once hired, bonuses are nice.

Cons: Raises and promotions were non existent. Their review system is not fair.
Advice: Get rid of the PLM system. We all know whats its really for.
Pros: I had a good time working for GM. The work was fun, the coworkers were great.

Cons: Pay is low for the area. When you first join, be sure to negotiate your max worth. Internal promotions and raises are difficult to gain. Political status helps.
Advice: Stop the penny pinching. You make plenty to pay well.
Pros: Very flexible work schedule in Austin area. Business casual dress. Plenty of work to do.

Cons: Layoffs, stress due to high expectations of quality/performance
Advice: Make sure your Dealers / customer service personnel are better trained to take better care of the customer. They are the 1st line contact with the customer and they have a great impact on customer loyalty.
Pros: Pay, benefits, Holidays and the ability to work out of the weather.

Cons: There is still a very strong "good old boys" network that is difficult for females to enter.
Advice: Ease up on the favoritism via networks and give others a fair opportunity.
Pros: GM allowed for flexible work hours which helped employees work around family obligations or emergencies.

Cons: Very little motivation when raises aren't given. Engineers are project managers and don't really do much "engineering", just a lot of supervising and paperwork. Unless you are in Detroit you feel very disconnected from the company.
Advice: Find ways to provide incentives for work done.
Pros: Very rewarding seeing your product on the road. Great benefits.

Cons: Management and HR practices are fair but limit highly proficient employees from excelling. Salary is far but could be better as workloads are high and global in scope.
Advice: None
Pros: People are good and generally care about what they do. Most have passion  the industry and want to deliver the best product for the consumer.

Cons: Difficult to advance without a degree (experience and work ethic should count), long hours and physical work. Supervision is moved around and dont get adequate training which makes.it difficult for the employees to adjust.
Advice: Groom the people that love what they do & listen to their concerns
Pros: People, mentoring, great benefits & pay

Cons: No work life balance in a plant.  Union holds all the cards.  Hard to get anyone to do their work that they are supposed to be doing.  Labor Relations in the plant in Parma, OH was not supportive to salary organization.  No one wanted to go to Parma, OH.  My advice, don't!  Very old school.
Advice: Get rid of the old upper management.  This plant will be more successful with new and younger management ideas.
Pros: Money and time off was good

Cons: There is a lot of change occurring rapidly and ambiguity, which can make it challenging for someone not used to working in a large global IT shop.
Advice: Reign in the span of control.
Pros: Good company with new products that are changing the image of GM. Very good benefits.

Cons: Not enough upward mobility in the company.
Advice: Focus on career building for all employees is essential if you want people to not get frustrated.
Pros: The company tends to be very flexible. Which makes balancing your work and home easier. This removes a lot of the stress in building a career.

Cons: Work is not exciting and there are many people who doesn't work, which discourages us.
There will be competition from Asian company.
Advice: GM needs to be more goal oriented instead of process oriented.
Pros: We work by process. Work is not demanding and provide balance in work and personal life.
Benefit is good.

Cons: Extended hours on occasion. Bonuses dependent on group allocation; for one person to get a higher bonus, someone has to get lower.
Advice: None
Pros: Yearly bonus based on performance. Vehicle discounts. Flexible PTO. HSA bonus. Flexible work hours. Remote work options. Casual work attire. Younger atmosphere.

Cons: Small town, not much walk through traffic.  You have to produce your own leads a lot of the time.  This business is all about you marketing and selling yourself to increase business
Advice: None
Pros: Great Team Environment, with a staff that sticks around.  This is a great company if you plan on sticking around.

Cons: None. GM is a great place to work. There are so many positions that you can find something you'll enjoy.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is in the process of changing the company to be go fast. This results in many opportunities for team members to be challenged and promoted. GM is making huge investments in EV and AV.

Cons: Lots of turnover/moving people around.
Bureaucratic.
They don’t follow SCRUM properly in my department, and there is a complete lack of a competent Product Owner on my team. 
High stress, long hours at times.
Lots of new developers who aren’t getting proper training/mentoring.
Clean coding practices are not followed. The codebase is low quality.
This might largely depend on what workstream you are in. Avoid Dev IT workstreams D &amp; E.
Advice: We haven’t had a manager in months. We are “self-managing” lol.
Pros: Pay is at the middle of the market.

Cons: There is surplus of resources, so the motivated people move up and take on more work and the unmotivated sit and collect a paycheck
Advice: Stop accepting low efficiency. Just because you have the budget for the useless work, don't just live with it. Micromanage the unmotivated and let the motivated do their work!
Pros: Employees are treated well overall

Cons: its not about building trucks , its about a numbers game and blame someone else , every steep up the ladder the lies get bigger so the bosses look good
Advice: quite playing games with peoples minds and run the place like it should be run
Pros: I am to old to change now but if I knew everything I do now and was starting over no way in hell would I work here or any GM plant

Cons: The travel and family life was hard, on my young daughters.
Advice: Respect the engineers that are actually involved in the project, opinion. Don't micro manage from afar.
Pros: The experience, of meeting the NASCAR teams? You do actually become part, of the NASCAR family. The friendships I have made will last a lifetime.

Cons: Because we living in the age of downsizing, a lot of my friend left the company before they were ready. Also all new hourly employee will work for a fraction of the compensation that we received years earlier.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good pay and a company that is definitely headed in the right direction.

Cons: Company devaluing TO prominence, "analysis paralysis" mentality
Advice: Move program back to NY -- key attraction feature of program.  Prevent stagnation both in terms of rotation opportunities as well as career progression.  Keep program attractive for MBA's and do not dilute.  Compensation needs to be competitive!
Pros: Great finance rotation program, fast-track program, premier "MBA shop"

Cons: - Limitation to career development depending on your leader (boss)
- Old culture
Advice: More freedom in career development for whom they seek it, and the company should be more adaptive to change and young talent
Pros: - In top 10 for Fortune
- Known well established company
- Opportunity to have various job functions within the same company

Cons: Plant leadership is often directionless, look to shift the blame on issues rather than resolve and prevent them. Very cut throat among fellow management staff.
Advice: Modernize your tactics, strive to be leaders no managers.
Pros: Outstanding pay, given the fact you are supervising Auto Workers who make an above average amount for manufacturing your pay adjusts accordingly.

Cons: Extremely political. Efficient communication is non-existent. Out dated processes. As an engineer, I spend a lot of my time and energy dealing with politics, fixing broken communication chains and listening to people complain. Change is hard for GM.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, vacation, and bonuses are wonderful due to the auto industry. Most managers are flexible to work-life balance.

Cons: Politics, still very bureaucratic, long hours at times, fear in the organization based upon old culture. Takes longer to get promoted after you reach a certain level.
Advice: Culture is changing but there’s still a lot of opportunity
Pros: Opportunity for upward mobility, great networking, leadership focused on culture, somewhat work life balance, global opportunities that one could explore

Cons: No real future as you will be considered a temp for 3-5 years until you get hired as a full time employee
Advice: Better organize the way your Group leaders relay staffing info to temps. Also, stay on top of when you have a new employee on your shift.
Pros: Free health insurance, good pay and overtime

Cons: Long hours, poor compensation, poor training, poor financial choices as a company, I was denied 2 raises for things that I wasn’t trained on and didn’t know I needed to know. I’ve worked many 80+ hour weeks without compensation time or pay. No praise or gratitude.
Advice: Train your employees for everything they need to do. And don’t base raises on things that you didn’t train them on.
Pros: Pretty good benefits, but they hype up the insurance as great when it’s a crazy high deductible.

Cons: I was let go due to low years of service, despite being a high performer.
Advice: It’s better for the company if you keep your high performers.
Pros: Flexible work schedule, ability to work from home

Cons: Stagnant in career, no room for growth
Advice: Stop letting HR place employees where they seem fit. Place employees based on their degrees and background
Pros: Benefits are incredible including the 3 weeks of vacation to start, 401k contributions up to 8%, and HSA.

Cons: after the lay off's everyone 's work load tripled, no one ever get's promoted
Advice: Learn to say NO! If it's a legacy application and we do not support it, say NO, we're not supporting it. Instead, they want us to to support it. Keep supporting it, application teams will never migrate to newer technology.
Pros: Laid back, relaxed atmosphere

Cons: Severe gender disparity with few female employees, little opportunity for advancement or training, inflexible work options/schedule, unmotivated employees
Advice: Hire more people who are fresh from college or another job and have ambition, hire more women, give employees more responsibility instead of micromanaging
Pros: Good pay, work-life balance, health insurance, easy work, respectful environment

Cons: - Benchmarking and outside views that do not conform with internal leadership groupthink are frowned upon (not invented here syndrome)
- Innovation is talked about, but rarely implemented
- Shrinking company, less opportunity for global work experience (Australia, Brazil, Europian tech centers all closed in the last 5 years)
Advice: None
Pros: Very well compensated, flexible hours and WFH (even-pre pandemic)

Cons: This place is basically an indoctrination camp for the dominant ideologies in American culture
Advice: You make cars. Stick to making cars. Don't make your workers go through bizarre struggle sessions where they have to explain how they're doing to their part to fight racial injustice. Don't impose unscientific, authoritarian nonsense on your employees just because the media and a bunch of politicians think it is a good idea. The insanity has to stop.
Pros: High pay, that's about it

Cons: Overtime at the very last minute, canceling of scheduled time off, worked too hard, lack of organizing of anything, especially during a parts changeover.
Advice: If you want us to get the job done quickly, don’t put us into a no-win situation! Better organize the parts to prepare for changeover, and don’t keep saying the scheduled downtime is happening for months and then decide to make us work it anyway, especially when every other Auto maker is shutting down from the parts shortage!
Pros: Steady schedule, paid holidays, friendly people

Cons: Rotational program seems to be a bit long if you really like your current position and training, but you have to switch and travel between different sites.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, with good health and dental plans. Very good environment that you can make connections and find people specialized in any subject.

Cons: They tell you to make decisions on your own but when you do, they discipline you.  i witnessed many unhappy employees. Lordstown could be a great place to work but management prevents that possibility.
Advice: GM corporate needs to evaluate Lordstown to see why everyone hates working there. Unable to retain good talent. GM Corporate needs to overhaul personnel dept.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. I can't think of any pros pertaining to Lordstown. I have worked at other plants and had a very positive experiences.

Cons: Corporate lifestyle, lots of standards and guidelines. Older employees that do not take well to change or competition
Advice: Been lucky to have a good manager that knows a lot about the products and system we used. Lots of meetings and questions
Pros: Very well rounded work. Decent training at your disposal. Good work doesnt go unnoticed.

Cons: I can't really think of a con.  I love the company that I work for. Profit sharing has been really good over the years even after the bankruptcy. No complaints.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with plenty of opportunity across the country and the pay great also.  I plan to retire from GM.

Cons: 1. Room for improvement on workplace enhancement (events, networking).
Advice: Keep improving. I see a lot of improvement within the company and it all looks good. Keep up the good work.
Pros: 1. Good environment for the automotive industry.
2. Lots of cool technology being developed for vehicles.
3. Experience gained here can go anywhere in the automotive industry.

Cons: - some employees "too comfortable" / waiting for retirement 
- silos still exist
Advice: - keep pushing for positive change and openness / collaboration
- work to turn over disengaged workforce
Pros: - good work / life balance
- top of market compensation
- opportunities to work with the product
- going in the right direction culturally

Cons: Resistance to new ways of thinking can be really annoying, there are some people who work really hard and others who take their jobs for granted
Advice: Get rid of people who are slacking. It brings down the whole team
Pros: Excellent work/life balance, friendly and helpful coworkers, great pay, vacation, and benefits

Cons: Like all jobs the person that you work for can dictate a lot of your experiences and project work.
Advice: Allow your employees to craft their own career path a little bit more.
Pros: Flexible work schedule. Great training opportunities. Good Pay and the ability to move cross functionally to gain experience in other fields of discipline.

Cons: Horrible people all around.  Shoves company policies down your throat and then never follows them.  If you are willing to work hard and follow the rules, they treat you like garbage and harass you.  If you slack off and whine a lot, you tend to get your way.
Advice: Practice what you preach, and stop taking advantage of the workers who will actually work hard for you.
Pros: The money is good, however still not enough to compensate for the abuse you will take from management

Cons: There Are A Lot Of Time That Upper Management Forgets About The Employees That Build Their World Class Product. They Need To Listen To Their Feedback.
Advice: Listen More To People That Build The World Class Products
Pros: World Class Organization With Continuous Improvement. Building A Quality Product That Is The Standard Of Excellence.

Cons: 50's mentality when it comes to advancement in the company. Most have career driven spouses and GM expects you and your hard working spouse to pick up and leave when they decide to send you across the country.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic work culture, enjoyed my time with GM immensely.

Cons: May be going to an open floor plan.  This may not be a con for someone else, but it is for me.  Everything else is good.
Advice: Isten
Pros: Good pay, hours, and work / life balance.  Ability to move around the company and learn new things.  Great opportunities if you work hard.

Cons: They want you to work more for less every year and if you get a bad manager there is really no way to change teams, you are stuck in that team for years. I had to resign, yes it was that bad. Wanted me to not take vacations and spread my free days out... what kind of vacation I can take a weekend? smh
Advice: Learn how to listen to people and do good to people. Not only your bottom line.
Pros: Will work in many projects

Cons: The work is repetitive which is extremely hard on your joints. Some plants have different work environments but the long hours are hard on your body.
Advice: Give respect to get respect. You will get a better cohesive outcome from your team members.
Pros: The pay and benefits are good depending on what your lical cost of living is.

Cons: * Heavy college hire ratio
* Bean counting executive team
* Inept middle management
* Working here feels like grade school
* No career advancement; what you get in the door is all you will get
* Do as I say not as I do attitude; example - Drive2Great Behaviors
* 2019/Q1 layoffs and likely more to follow
* 3 year 401k match vesting is a joke; most people don't make it that long
Advice: None because it would be ignored
Pros: * Great benefits package
* Did I mention great benefits package?

Cons: If you get the wrong manager the job can be  really difficult.  You change jobs every 2-3 years and can get put in a group with a new or bad manager.
Advice: Monitor the new managers - at least half should have never been promoted.
Pros: Great work life balance. Great exposure to Automotive purchasing.

Cons: I am not sure what the company's mission is anymore.  It used to be making the best automobiles possible.  Now the mission is zero this, zero that, while we try to profit as much as possible on trucks and SUVs.
Advice: Articulate the company's vision more clearly.  If your employees dont know what it is, you can bet your customer doesnt know what it is.
Pros: Benefits, 401K, and salary here are top notch.  The team I work with in Warren is pretty good.

Cons: A lot of politics and you will not be allowed to voice your true opinions.  A lot of not so smart decisions are constantly being made at the top
Advice: Stop micromanaging people and allow some IT decisions to be made from Chandler, Warren, and Roswell.  You have some smart people there, use them!
Pros: The good times are really good here.  You can be guaranteed a good bonus, salary, and car perk managers when times are good

Cons: Too much politics, lacks training, no clear direction, disengaged leadership. Direct quote from VP when asked if we can have coffee at the office: “Be glad you have a job here”
Advice: Care about your employees so they might care about the company.
Pros: Good medical coverage, 401k marching, paid time off and holidays.

Cons: A lot of talk about IT innovation, but the results are quite disappointing.  Too much time spent on meetings and political games.
Advice: It is hopeless. IT management needs to be completely replaced. IT bureaucracy is an obstacle for innovation.
Pros: Good benefits. Good work/Life balance

Cons: Low paying compared to major IT companies 
Some locations have open office planning, very little privacy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
4% Retirement contribution, plus up to 4% matching
Annual profit sharing
Multiple locations within US if desire to relocate
Tuition reimbursement up to 8K per year
Ability to work from home
Great coworkers
Great management

Cons: Some groups don’t have as much work life balance. Not many “fun perks”, ex. Offices don’t have free coffee, there is no holiday party, no funds for office events
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful benefits such as healthcare, 401k match, good PTO, extensive paid holidays, annual bonus and merit increase. A great company to work for

Cons: GM HQ and main operations are in Michigan, which is cold and dreary. But remote working is allowing work from anywhere.
Advice: Maintain our leadership position as the global leader in automotive technologies with a sustainable focus.
Pros: Able to be on the leading edge of global mobility

Cons: Good for single people and strong families only, not good foe people with children, it can become a modern day slave house. No family time, lots of layoffs &amp; write ups, work lots of hours limited days off even with doctors notes.
Advice: Learn better people skills for understanding family values.
Pros: Great Bonuses, Health Benefits, Educational Resources.

Cons: Cons of any giant company. Things are sometimes slow moving and bureaucratic. It's easy to feel like a small cog in a giant machine.
Advice: None
Pros: Always had good managers that cared about your work life balance and felt like the company treated people well. Very generous benefits. There is endless opportunity if you work for it.

Cons: No stock options. Still some lingering old school thinking in some departments
Advice: If you're competing with tech companies you have to offer stock options or employee stock purchase plans
Pros: Great company with great compensation and company culture. They've made great progress on the benefits they offer such as PTO 401k etc.

Cons: Tough economic conditions in the auto industry restrict advancement and compensation improvement.
Advice: Reduce costs and improve employee job satisfaction by continuing to look at alternative work arrangements.  I worked more hours form home and was a happy employee when my responsibilities supported that type of arrangement.
Pros: Socially conscious employer that is very supportive of work/life balance.

Cons: Organization in flux which is creating a lot of confusion at the middle and lower management levels
Advice: The company needs stability and employees need a better sense of their career path and developmental opportunities
Pros: Great work quality
The size and scope of the projects make the long hrs worthwhile

Cons: Little opportunity for advancement, still run in areas like its the 1980's, pay is stagnant.
Advice: Retrain your middle mamagement to get with the times. Stop using "fortress balance sheet" as an excuse not to give any salary increases.
Pros: I've always loved working on cars. Being part of the future of transportation is exiting

Cons: Too many free loaders, folks stuck perpetually int he past, lots of arrogance.
Advice: Leave behind old world thinking, closed or NIH syndrome types, ultra conservative, misogynistic views
Pros: Meet lots of people, get to see many different aspects of the manufacturing, industrial muscle, be a part of the critical economic fabric

Cons: no time for family crappy management lack of training no true leadership on the shop floor
Advice: please look at training and who you have  helping other but spend there day behind a gms desk cause they better then the floor when thats where they started.
Pros: pay insurance that about all

Cons: Good luck ingredients moving up in the company without brown nosing.   It's all about who you know, not what you know.
Advice: Quit playing the favorites game and promoting your drinking buddy instead of people who are much more qualified.
Pros: The salary range is competitive with the market and they have a decent work/life balance

Cons: Changes often go through a lot of approvals which means it can take awhile to get something done
Advice: Continue with the rotational programs for new hires, it has been a good experience
Pros: There's a lot of opportunities for jobs.  Another advantage of working for a big company is you can develop a broad professional network

Cons: Big Place, many small areas that can be great, mediocre, or ugly without much uniformity across the large number of operations.
Advice: Empower and support the great people that work at GM.
Pros: Integrity continues to be a cornerstone for decisions and actions throughout a culture somewhat resistent to much of the changes leadership is encouraging.

Cons: If you like fact-pace environment, this is not a company to chose except engineering organization (not IT organization). no promotions as well. you can apply for a job internally but you can't apply for next level of your current level even you are in the company for 5 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Holidays and work life balance

Cons: Worklife balance. Expectation of sacrificing personal life if you want to be successful.
Advice: The number of times I have heard people having to cancel family events or vacations due to "urgent" work items is unacceptable. Culture needs to change.
Pros: Salary, bonus, benefits and 401k are all great for the industry

Cons: The environment at times with a lot of people working remote can be quiet.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are friendly and helpful. The work is challenging but not overwhelming. The work life balance is great.

Cons: Functions are still very siloed. Change moves slowly which is typical for large organizations.
Advice: Continue to focus on breaking down silos if you want to beat the competition
Pros: Great pay and benefits, decent work life balance, Having a positive culture and treating employees fairly is a priority for management. This company really focuses on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: Very process driven.  Can be slow to change.  Not a place to work if you are looking for a flexible work arrangement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  A lot of paid holidays.  Able to move around if you are willing to work at it.

Cons: - re-org after every six month (mark your calendar)
- 100% remote work as PM in Austin with team in Detroit - expect disconnects
Advice: - pick one SDLC process/methodology and go for continuous improvement
- review communications plan - not everybody needs to be part of one decision
Pros: - top notch technology development
- visionary, business oriented leadership team

Cons: Big company, lots of people involved in decision making. Interviews for promotions not focused on technical content so promotions don't always go tot he most qualified candidates.
Advice: Work in smaller focused groups for better flexibility. Improve the interview process for technical positions by involving technical people in the hiring process.
Pros: Company respectful of work-life balance

Cons: It can be long hours and high stress.
Advice: None
Pros: I've really enjoyed working with some very sharp and dedicated colleagues that are very supportive. I feel like I am working with the best. I've found the advanced development work very engaging and interesting. On occasion the company even pays engineers overtime.

Cons: GM does not offer full remote, and living in SE Michigan is not everyone's cup of tea as the winters are long and brutal.
Advice: Offer full remote to employees who have proven they can handle it
Pros: Flexibility (at least for now), cool projects, good benefits, pleasant team members

Cons: A lot of wasted time with corporate requirements and training. Can be hard to get things done and corporate politics are hard to manage sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Progressive company culture. They want you to succeed and will help you get where you want to be. Great work-life balance

Cons: Bogged down by too many initiatives, too much extra work hinders productivity. need to streamline some process to strike the right balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, great time off policy. Respect for employees and moral very high. Some still struggle to see the EV vision, stuck in the old ways. View older employees as obsolete.

Cons: Long hours in the Philippines
Too many goals competing for resources; need more focus on areas
Lack of top-down structured and long term career development plans
Advice: Need more structure on talent and leadership development. Top talents are easily poached.
Pros: Company values and mission; executive stewardship
Competitive bonus plan
Lateral and vertical opportunities
Work Appropriately and Flexibility

Cons: Unionized workforce is a drag on productivity. Old engineering and management workforce may not be good at all
Advice: Need to have a good vision. Company needs to focus more on innovation and technology. Need to be tough to union leadership and its members.
Pros: Good benefit packages and flexibities

Cons: No upward mobility 
Lack of talent management process
Advice: You have to find a way to keep talent by increasing pay bands and bonus structure to high performers at the lower levels of the company
Pros: Company Car Allowance
GM is still a large company that has operations that span the globe

Cons: Difficult projects solving difficult issues, but with the right team the projects can be very rewarding.
Advice: Continue improving the culture, you are almost there
Pros: Mature project management processes and very good PMO.  Many opportunities for advancement and growth.  Incredible training is available, they put a large emphasis in keeping your skills current.

Cons: No real chance to climb the ladder if you are not willing to relocate
Advice: There is more than one path to success.  Thinking outside of the box can pay off.
Pros: Plenty to like if you are a gear head.  Plenty of room to climb the ladder if you are willing to relocate.

Cons: Communication between teams globally/nationally isn't always great. Ex: communication between the different IT teams is very disconnected.
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership at General Motors both locally and company wide are very progressive, supportive, and proactive.

Benefits are great and company is true to their values in every way.

Cons: Does not keep with the companies core values. It’s every man/woman for themselves. Is not a team environment as they consistently say. Leadership does what they want to do to make themselves look better.
Advice: Foster better leadership values. Coach and mentor team members instead of fear tactics. If you want real change in the culture of the company, make a change! Offer leadership classes and hire leaders who actually will lead instead of “manage”.
Pros: Good pay and benefits for hourly employees

Cons: If you come from a startup environment, be prepared to move slower and have a more long-term outlook.
Advice: Continue finding new avenues to promote telework.
Pros: General Motors has a driven, positive work environment that understands work-life balance. The benefits are fantastic and leadership works diligently to find team members advancement opportunities.

Cons: There are a lot of legacy apps and they're very hard to maintain.
Advice: None
Pros: There are lots of opportunities to learn real-world software engineering if you come in as a New College Hire. The New College Hire program lets you switch teams for the first three years. Coworkers and senior developers are very helpful

Cons: Very difficult to move up the chain, even if you're a top performer. Need to get to know a lot of people to make it happen.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance and lateral mobility. If you're interested in a specific area, they'll find a way to get you that experience.

Cons: No career growth you can stay in one area for many years
Advice: Keep your people engaged more. Offer opportunities to transfer with the company. Bring back some of the talent you had to let go during your hard financial times.
Pros: Big company an opportunity to learn many diverse skills

Cons: The company success is based on market share and revenue. However, in tough economic times, some people shouldn't really purchase a new vehicle, but it's necessary to encourage them to do so nonetheless.
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities for personal and professional development.  Fast pace and high technology requires someone with great flexibility and learning agility.

Cons: Promotion opportunity is limited and does not go to the right person necessarily
"Diversity" simply does not apply when it comes to promotion to executives
Advice: None
Pros: *Great* people to work with, as an engineer,
Good work/life balance,
Compensation/Job security in general is better than competitors

Cons: Work load varies widely from time to time.
Leadership seemed confused at times.
Not sure how the company will stand against competition in the long run.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with. 
Opportunities to grow in a big corporate environment.
Management very understanding of your needs.

Cons: -not enough training
- everyone starts work at like 6-7am. way earlier than i expected
Advice: Spend more time on training, instead of assuming we know manufacturing specific software and technology
Pros: -great co workers
-awesome perks
-you were always done with work by 3, almost no on is in the office by 5

Cons: Competitive with a complex corporate structure and a mixed history to overcome
Advice: Restore the brand and therefore the company, create a forward thinking corporate culture to attract top talent, be a company that is known for staying true to their convictions
Pros: Worklife balance, fair compensation, company car, and lots of opportunities

Cons: GM hasn't changed in years. Very stagnant company. Not willing to introduce new ideas or even hear new ideas. I suppose it's the way of the car business
Advice: Management should just be overhauled. Or retrained. A lot of old people with old ways of thinking and then they wonder why they won't get any new results.
Pros: GM is a well known brand and a company that's been around for years and will continue to be around. On a dealer level that's what brings the customers in.

Cons: Time management when dealing with other departments on proposals and cost analysis
Advice: n/a
Pros: Utilized my skill  set best possible way. Develop the means for subjective evaluation of vehicle systems or components under test. Analyse data to ensure correct conclusion are reached.  Develop major hardware/software proposals to carry out test activities.

Cons: Pay plan below average, unrealistic expectations, little opportunity for advancement
Advice: Don't just talk about being on your side actually back it up and be in the closed doors meeting with decision makers.
Pros: Work/life balance is way better than industry average, laid back atmosphere, very little animosity, low turnover

Cons: red tape and very procedure driven. difficult to advance and receive coaching to help advance your career.
Advice: provide formal training to employees to assist with career progression, and understand the needs and desires of current employees
Pros: They provide Good pay and work life balance. Very tenured employees who are willing to give you a helping hand.

Cons: It like a military structure and management will fire you quick if you step out of line or do not follow chain of command. They will do any thing in their power to get rid of you...
Advice: None
Pros: Great people that make an the environment interesting. A lot of things to do and position that need filling.

Cons: Career growth was slower than I expected.  Even though I met all the requirements to get promoted, I felt that their process took far too long.
Advice: None
Pros: I had a terrific mentor that made a huge impact in my career.  GM gave me some of my best work experience, especially the overseas assignments!

Cons: Since it was such a large company there isn't as much opportunity to have a large impact on the product, especially as an intern.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company that offers many career tracks and opportunities for advancement. Since its such a large company, there were tons of support and many directions you can go.

Cons: The union politics, back stabbing, and cilqs seems like High School all over again. Senior union members have no work ethic because they are afraid to lose jobs and don't want to see others succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: Some people you work with are fantastic. They have decent benefits and it's not a back breaking job. Safety conscious.

Cons: Team interactions can be few and far between
Sometimes the workload can low
Some project managers lack good leadership skills
Advice: Schedule more 1x1 meetings with employees to align each others goals
Cancel less staff meetings as they are vital to team bonding
Pros: Work Life Balance
Opportunities to interface with leadership
Starting Salary
Software Development and automation experiences
Opportunities for Growth

Cons: Long Hours
Hard Work
Lots to Manage when it comes to product lines
Deadlines for Engineers but not for technicians, can cause problems
Advice: Allow more people to do more things and that will allow more work to get done. Operating in Silo's does nothing but hinder progress
Pros: Great Pay
Good Benefits
Great Team Environment
Cutting Edge Tech

Cons: As a new college hire, I didn't feel valued for about 2 years, then all of a sudden, overwhelmed with responsibility
Advice: Give credit to your workers rather than take it for yourself.  When something goes right, it was your subordinates, when something goes wrong, its your fault.
Pros: PTO, co-workers, great building, awesome bonus

Cons: It is a big company, with all the benefits and bureaucracy of a big company.  Not for everyone.
Advice: Continue to invest in technology, cautiously, to compete in a very different world.
Pros: The pride is back in Detroit.  CEO is doing a great job steering the company into  the future.

Cons: -Lack of young people
-No track program for college hires  in IT
Advice: There are track/rotation programs within GM for other departments (engineering, finance etc.) but not for GM IT. Young college hires would greatly benefit from a rotational program in such a massive company.
Pros: -Great benefits 
-Great PTO
-Nice people

Cons: Very slow internal processes.  Onboarding new employees can take a while.  Continuing Education seems reserved for Managers and Directors.  I was told to pay for my own CE
Advice: Treat all employees the same, dont show favoritism towards managers and directors
Pros: Salary is above market average and good corporate discounts for employees

Cons: It took 10 months before I was allowed to conduct actual UX work. Beforehand I was just doing graphic design for team events and grunt work. Business teams are impossible to work with. No room for creativity or innovation.
Advice: The amount of red tape that has to be cut through to achieve anything is ridiculous. Oh, and don't lay off a ton of people only to hire more months later.
Pros: It is hard to beat the compensation/benefits for a new college hire.

Cons: It's all about who is right, not what is right.  You can find areas of opportunity and be told to do nothing about it until budgets are transferred over.  Leaders just seem interested in expanding their fiefdoms and budgets, not on inspiring people and doing good for the company
Advice: Stop bickering over budgets and work together to build something cool and exciting
Pros: I liked my co-workers, we generally had a good time working together all day.  Benefits are excellent

Cons: Management is highly political. Employees are judged by their "personal brand" which can mean anything (not anything that is measured, or tangible), which is comprised of gossip, and it gives them a free pass to discriminate and claim that your brand is poor. "Personal Brand" is also a key factor in job changes, and promotions. You would think HR would know better than that. 

Benefits are horrible, over $3k for your deductible.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay.. although you can get a comparable salary elsewhere.

Cons: If you join out of college, it is very random where you get placed. They may put you on a project where you do not get to use any of the skills you bring in
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great job security, good opportunities to get pay raises

Cons: My experience from the onboarding process was that it could be improved. IT should keep wfh flexibility. Pre COVID there was emphasis on going to the office every day.
Advice: None
Pros: 401k. Learn about software and automobiles. The company is moving in a good direction by investing more in electric vehicles and renewables. Great people.

Cons: Work/life balance can be a challenge working in a global company
Advice: Maintain a strong customer focus. Keep the product portfolio the right size to compete efficiently with other OEMs.
Pros: Opportunity to develop great products with top notch resources available and opportunities for continued growth and learning.

Cons: Location (Unless you like arctic winters). Bureaucracy at times. Too much wasted time in meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance. Opportunities to develop skills. Vehicle use perks (for vehicle development jobs). Flexible hours. Employer sponsored events. Healthcare incentives. Graduate Education incentives. Employee satisfaction programs.

Cons: Hard to rise up in levels 
Level 7 should be payed more
Hard to get an interview
Hard to get to level 8
Advice: Let level 7 have a company car
Pros: -car discount 
-bonus salary
Company car if level 8
Many locations to work, you can choose whatever works for you

Cons: There really are no cons.  Great company with the integrity and genuine concern for the customer's needs. Great progressive company.
Advice: Great job at inspiration!
Pros: Chevrolet offers a quality line of great looking vehicles,  with the latest technology available to today's consumers.   Great value for your money.

Cons: Horrible Quality Manager.  Micromanager.  People do things just because of the individual.  Creates chaos, turmoil, and animosity amongst the organization. People tolerate them just because. Moral dies when in the area.
Advice: Quality Manager needs to go.  More negative than the experience can hold up.
Pros: Shift rotation - never a dull moment.  GLs rotate from shift to shift and department to department.  Allows you to see the line from the beginning to the end. People are great to work with.

Cons: Horrible customers/Some bad leadership
Advice: Reflect on your hiring for management to see if maybe you've made some wrong choices but beyond that keep up the good work
Pros: Good pay/Flexibility in schedule/4 week training before you even get on the phone/good work environment/awesome co-workers/taking customer calls generally easy

Cons: The paperwork could be a little much. Sometimes it feels like people could get stuck in a position if they arent quick to move around.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, opportunity, innovative company, excellent ceo and management. Overall a fun place to work with a great work life balance.

Cons: There is never a dull moment and at times you are pulled in many directions simultaneously.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has really evolved over the last five years and is involved, and sometimes leading, cutting edge technologies such as alternative propulsion, autonomous driving, and others.  Overall pay and benefits is very competitive.

Cons: Oversized teams, bad management of technical debt, horrible integration between distributed systems.
Advice: get your systems working so that you can trust your deployments instead of fearing them.
Pros: Compensation and benefits. If you like oversized teams, you'll fit in.

Cons: Things can sometimes move a bit slow when it comes to change. With the size of the company there can be a lot of process steps that slow everything down.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance. Generous benefits package and a fun work environment with great people. Overall it's a great company to work for.

Cons: Often understaffed when it comes to being able to achieve goals (lots of planning, less ability to take real action). 3 shift production.
Advice: None
Pros: Variety of processes and products to learn and experience. Good people and a union that is easy to work with. Personally had a great manager I will surely miss.

Cons: The union makes this a challenging environment.  Job security doesn't exist but that no different than most companies.
Advice: Manage during booms for the lean times.
Pros: This is a huge company with a lot of opportunity.  The salaries and benefits are competitive.

Cons: Redundant meetings. Insufficient utilization of talent.
Advice: Focus on diversity.  In progressing ahead the talents of employees need to be utilized.  An example would be certain types of training, such as greenbelt.  Everyone should be exposed to understand the philosophy of incremental improvements
Pros: Great opportunity for learning.  Lots of good changes

Cons: Have to overcome many hurdles to produce some thing
Advice: Recognize real contributors and don't punish employees for not doing things Boss's way
Pros: If you have mediocre skill set and if you like politics and want to build network and enjoy expanding network this is a good company for you.

Cons: lots of work, they are taking over stuff from hp contractors, so you can be thrown in random situations
Advice: Show initative to mentor employees to get to next level
Pros: Kinda flexible, you can work from home at times, or go back early

Cons: New leadership centered in Austin TX and are part of good ole boy club from previous companies where they worked together.  Better hire in at that location if you want to move places.
Advice: You are wasting talent in the other locations.
Pros: Expanding, focused on innovation and moving GM forward

Cons: They have too much work to do in very short amount of time. Definitely  no work life balance!!! You are not even allowed to work from home!! They have been firing lots of people.
Advice: Change the workplace to make work life balanced!!!
Pros: You get to drive GM car for one week but 99% you will not get car available to you.

Cons: You're screwed if you seek to advance in the company and your leader isn't behind you. They'll black ball you.
Advice: Consult with new college hires to find out their interests. Don't just stick them somewhere and hope it's a match.
Pros: Great benefits, great entry level salary, clean office, great perks

Cons: uppity atmosphere, they only see potential in you if you are pretty and dont make waves. seems stagnent to me, but maybe it wouldnt If I was on the ins
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to start, great benefits, exciting developments, general motors is huge, the home base is a great place to work

Cons: The Pontiac site is not the most beautiful place in the world.  Some jobs can require more than 8 hours work without overtime pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Great boss + coworkers.  Above average benefits including health and dental and retirement plans.

Cons: Large company makes it difficult to navigate and implement change that is different from core business, unless with the right executive support
Advice: Champion the innovations of lower level employees or they will find it very difficult to succeed
Pros: Exciting new areas being invested into - car infotainment, urban mobility, vehicle electrification

Cons: Some ideas and work is slow to make it to market. This is an area GM can get better at, operating quicker.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good culture with a respect for "family time." Invests in the training of their people. Massive company provides opportunity to experience many different functions within your career.

Cons: They profess to care about their employees and advocate a healthy work / family balance but only to the point that you are willing and able to forego your personal live by working 12 plus hours a day as well as weekends.Expectation is that you will uproot your family at their convenience. Voice any contrasting sentiment and you are no longer a team player for which your career is effectively over.
Advice: None
Pros: Money and benefits. Great place for "minorities"..

Cons: Parking at the VEC needs to be addressed.
Advice: None
Pros: The work-life balance is amazing.  The leadership initiatives regarding safety for our customers is not just talked about, it is the top priority.  I am thankful everyday that I work at the best company in the world!

Cons: Slow pace in promotion to manager due to rare opportunity.  Most people stay until they retire.
Advice: None.
Pros: Most people are nice and the culture has improved.  They are more flexible now e.g., work from home. Good solid benefits. Vacation begins at 20 days and 16 days of holiday for salaried.

Cons: Ridiculously politically focused executive management in fear of losing own jobs, must work off-shifts and change locations for career advancement really hard on family life.
Advice: Start thinking more about impact to your subordinates, not just impact to your career.
Pros: Comparative pay and benefits, good profit sharing plan, can progress in career

Cons: Lack of opportunities within certain positions, especially for new college hires. Slow to innovate and adapt.
Advice: Do a better job organizing your new hires and match them better with their relative strengths.
Pros: Good workplace culture in Chandler location. Very good benefits and good compensation. Good starter company for new college grads.

Cons: The union suck...If your not hired in completely, they will not be on your side. Even though you pay union dues.
Advice: Get a different union to help all that qualify, not some.
Pros: Good pay and there's some nice individuals to work with out there. Also great benefits if you get hired in.

Cons: Company runs off processes established to lead to errors and failure without constant meticulous human intervention at every level. Culture that final designs aren't meant to be released correctly initially, but only improved through laborious and time consuming recursive releases.
Advice: Better processes => better execution => better products @ lower expenditure
Pros: Well kept work environment

Cons: No chance to choose what job you want to move on to next. The leaders move you almost without notice. Very unstable industry, lack of planning for future .  you do not get enough resources to do your job. They expect you to do two people's job.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, many GM paid Holidays

Cons: Big global corp with competing internal goals, could be caused by top executives. Global infrastructure is not best org in IT
Advice: Unify the IT goals to ensure smooth execution which increases productivity and efficiency across the org
Pros: Great benefits, great name recognition, active in the community. Challenges can help organic growth of your career

Cons: They hardly hire full time employees for full benefits. I was a temporary employee for 3.5 years with only 3 days unpaid vacation the last two years
Advice: There's too many levels of management. Communication is poor, and hard work goes unnoticed
Pros: Good wages, easy labor for the mechanically inclined.

Cons: It's a big corporation so there's a lot of corporate politics.  Lateral movement can be extremely difficult, and vertical movement can be near impossible. Starting pay is lower than market rate, and there is no work from home.
Advice: None
Pros: Great health benefits, 401k matching, and decent pto

Cons: Threatened by upper management to be fired continuously if their standards aren’t met 
Poor work life balance you might get one Saturday off a month 
The company doesn’t practice what they preach they will say they care about quality but when they have a quality issue they will just keep running 
Working with the union is horrible. It is very much management vs the union 
The hole place is just toxic and poorly managed
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is just about it the place is toxic

Cons: The frozen middle is still frozen.  Managers would rather not make any changes, no matter how broken the system is, because they can be blamed.  Culture of fear. 25% of my coworkers got their jobs because their Daddys worked there.  Much favoritism.
Advice: Why would  I waste my time with this.  You never listened before, why would I think you'd start now?  Way more than it's share of know it alls.
Pros: Good coworkers.  Enjoyed the actual work.

Cons: There are a lot of layoffs and management has become very silent about a lot of administrative matters.  Management is generally not trusted by the rank and file employees anymore.  

Since the latest round of layoffs, ordinary workers have been working 125% as hard while managers and directors have been travelling more and doing less work
Advice: Be more open with the rank and file and start listening to the ordinary worker
Pros: Benefits are generous here and annual bonus is pretty hefty

Cons: volatile industry, employees are simply pawns, unless your upper management, poor regards to employees
Advice: do not over hire, only hire and fire or layoff, only hire if you can fill their workload
Pros: good benefits, pay and exposure to life in a very big corporation

Cons: lot of back end issues effects your performance but not calculated for
Advice: If you wan to keep your best workers - pay them more and they will do more for you in terms of responsibility rather than hiring more people
Pros: Flexibility with schedule and day to day

Cons: They really are still trying to figure out how to become a software company. Some of the practices for mechanical engineering do not apply to software engineering.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots and lots of opportunities available, you can freely move in the different software positions

Cons: There is no cons to work for GM. I would advise if you are starting from acdamia to go to smaller company forst to raise your sarting salary. since once in GM you would want to stay their.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benfits, reward systme. transparent communication up to the CIO level

Cons: Executive management putting profits over people.  Layoffs in spite of good profits just to raise stock price because company owners (shareholders) unhappy with flat stock price.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Good people to work with.

Cons: -They recruit you heavily from other companies and lay you off a year later after you've had a great performance review.
-Cares more about shareholders than employees.
-You don't get a desk. Apparently the "future" means you're not allowed any space to work at.
Advice: None
Pros: -Salary is competitive.
-Good vacation policy.

Cons: Old and Bad Management in some areas
Advice: Easier transfer between areas in order to engage employee continue happy to work for the company. Sometimes the person dream would be work into the Product Design Team, and the management keep him/her in a position that he/she hates.
Pros: Profit Sharing, Flexible time, Good Salary

Cons: C-Suite is completely disconnected from what is happening with employees.  Too many lifers that are reluctant to change.  Diversity and inclusion is a talking point but overall a joke.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is competitive, co-workers are "midwest nice"

Cons: Traveling distance from Home2 Factory. The distance I travel is two and a half to three hours one way. Have not been able to transfer closer to my home looking for employment opportunity closer
Advice: Na
Pros: Good working environment good morale safe working procedures and great training

Cons: Political, No advancement unless your a favorite and they will throw numbers in your face of all the friends being promoted.
Advice: Clean house.  Seems to me IT grew to work on projects for other IT teams.  Very little is done in IT that impacts the cars directly.  Why have an IT team working on IT projects.
Pros: Cool to watch cars being built but then you see how some just don't care and that is what impacts the quality. Pay, Benefits,

Cons: at times work life balance suffers, you need to be willing to be flexible as projects / outside influences demand
Advice: Need more career path assistance for mid career employees
Pros: Good salary and benefits, technically skilled co workers, exciting products and services - the work is every changing and interesting

Cons: The cost is different in different countries. You can work but it will probably be at a reduced price.
Advice: None
Pros: My order was hassle free with great communicationfrom the seller. Tracking information was given, and kept appraised of my order every step of the way. My order arrived on time, and was exactly as advertised.

Cons: Beyond high workload in electrification with a lot on the line
Advice: Hire people earlier vs cutting timelines in half AFTER laying off 20% of your workforce...
Pros: Investing in new technology
Good teams to work with
My leadership is more than willing to support issues that arise vs attacking for needing help

Cons: Less growth opportunities, age discrimination for younger people when it comes to leadership or management roles
Advice: If you really want to software company get rid of old school values that is holding company back
Pros: Chill environment, good benefits, nice people, nice company, good company history, car discounts, good healthcare

Cons: - If you're a college hire, you're stuck in your role for 3 years. You can't get promoted or change teams. 
- No room for career development.
Advice: None
Pros: - Young professional and new college hire atmosphere.
- Good Pay.
- Good company to start or finish your career life.

Cons: You can't work from home and your manager sits next to you.  Every morning you get a mountain of work and your manager comes around every 10 minutes and askes why isn't it finished yet.  Sometimes they yell at you to work faster.  It's insane and demeaning workplace.
Advice: Manage workload instead of focusing exclusively on work output.
Pros: Austin is an awesome place to live and work.  The "weird" aspect is kinda overrated but it's still pretty cool.

Cons: Nothng negative to add about General Motors
Advice: Continue working to keep the leaderchip
Pros: Excellent Company good enviroment, take care of the employees and the costumer. Treat with respect each other. Offer good opportunities for its employees Inspires us to make better, safer, higher value cars, trucks and crossovers.

Cons: Management Systems are enormous and harder to maintain. Lacking proper resource allocation and expertise on ones titled.
Advice: None
Pros: The Opportunities here in GM are vast. The training courses, and resource available within are to  help you carve yourself to become a better employer.

Cons: Large company bureaucracy, minimum other benefits (ie, coffee was not free), my team had an on-call rotation that was not specified in the job description
Advice: None
Pros: Good vacation days/holidays (4 weeks vacation after 3 years) and 401k matching. Relatively casual work environment for a large company and somewhat flexible work schedule

Cons: Little direction, bad training program, inability to provide creativity to the job, GM internal systems are archaic and tedious to work with on a daily basis.  Drive for improvement is hard to find.
Advice: Overhaul of job duties between cross-functional departments
Pros: Entrepreneurial, Low pressure from management, work with many technical experts

Cons: Big Company, Old School Management Style, Processes for product development are outdated
Advice: Still too much kingdom building.  Equalize work load better.  Some groups overworked, other barely contributing.
Pros: Salary, Changing environment, Opportunities if you are a hard worker, Work location in down town or in suburban areas

Cons: The scheduling of work to be done is archaic. The entire business as a whole needs to be modernized.
Advice: Know what your asking of your employees before you drop an impossible task on them.
Pros: The money is good if you really keep a good commission every month.

Cons: engineer is doing very specific assignment. doesn't have exposure to the big picture and the real product if you are in the PD department.
Advice: rotate the employees so that they have the opportunities to understand the real product.
Pros: Good training. Good orientation. wonderful work life balance

Cons: Poorly managed. Management is terribly remained to handle real life situations that occur with employees.   Most become cynical and begin to resent their jobs.
Advice: Gain people skills
Pros: Pay and benifits.pays their workers well if you have been a long time worker.  Plant is safety conscious, cares about overall welfare

Cons: Long wait for a raise. Still haven’t completed my first year so I still haven’t received a raise or bonus but according to my manager I am exceeding expectations. Hopefully that pays off
Advice: None
Pros: Decent entry level position. Friendly coworkers. work-life balance is easy to 
maintain. Yearly raises and bonuses based on performance.

Cons: A lot of legacy people. They are not willing to change and evolve with the industry.
Advice: Hold your employees accountable for doing their work. Too many people get away with doing the bare minimum.
Pros: My group and my manager are awesome. They challenge me and have made me a better engineer.

Cons: ol boys club,,,it is still who you know
Advice: lots of mid management, drawing high salaries, company vehicle and very close to retirement, and you choose to let the younger employees go based on seniority...how does that hold for the future?
Pros: Exciting products, great colleagues, good experience

Cons: no reason for people to stay since the overall benefit package is no better than other companies.  I stay here because I get max. vacation days since I have been here over 20 years
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, flexible hours (depends on manager though)

Cons: still stuck in 1950s corporate mentality of only GM ideas are good ideas, but yet not killing it in the market.
Advice: if you instill an atmosphere as good as google your profits will follow.
Pros: good pay.  Great colleagues.  Opportunities to move around globally, if inclined.

Cons: Lack of Experience -- Work every day --  11 hours / Day  (7 days a Week) - Lost focus on Manufacturing of the Product - to much Peter Principle. Young Management out of control. To much propaganda -- out of control.
Advice: None
Pros: Global Market - German Engineering is carrying the Company

Cons: At times the work load can be extremely heavy, but this is due to all the great things we having going on right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting work with an emphasis on improving the customer experience.
Great benefits (vacation, health care, holidays, etc...)
Great people that care about you
Lots of flexibility around working from home

Cons: We had to work a lot of overtime, but were compensated well for the extra effort.  The plant is very noisy.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working in a manufacturing environment.  The people work as team and there are consistent goals that are met.  The salary and benefits are good.

Cons: Company is so large that moving up is a battle. Few % of employees make level 8 in their lifetime.
Advice: Keep product in mind above all else, including process. Don't mocromanage.
Pros: Very good Company for working for.  Work you hard but have family values at heart and are accommodating.

Cons: Because of the complexity and global operations, the IT is quite ineffective. There are very few people who know the stuff and they end up working and covering for the rest
Advice: Simplify your operations and hold people accountable
Pros: One can learn a lot at GM as it has complex and global operations

Cons: They move you a lot don't get comfortable in a city. Too much of a political environment. No understanding of living a life, work is all that matters.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, company car

Cons: Often career moves are made for you and not by you (back filling another move even though your new job does not align with what you want to do).
Advice: Know your employees strengths and weaknesses.
Pros: Good compensation and benefits.  Working for a larger company allows to varying opportunities.

Cons: Too much approval valves, sometimes slows down decision. 
Comparably low salary within industry.
Process development does not consider other affiliates. too concentrated in US culture and process.
Advice: Think global to become global leader.
Pros: Much to learn from GM product development process and well organized tools and acummulated information. 
Good work life balance.

Cons: Recently went through mass layoffs decreasing morale exponentially here.  A lot of the more 'senior' staff was released, many leaders within the community with connections to outside charitable organizations.  Quite a few skilled younger employees have left on their own accord recently.
Advice: I would look into new leadership within the IT organization.  Comments like 'that sounds like a Michigan idea to me' and 'consider where you sit' are not appreciated
Pros: Cheap health care and dental insurance

Cons: Hire and fire environment.  Layoffs are not performance based so that means some of the best members of your team can be shown the door at any time.  A lot of senior managers protect their inner circles and keep their underperforming friends around indefinitely
Advice: Start laying off people based on merit, move away from the culture where senior leaders protects their own
Pros: Generous retirement benefits and the car discount is nice.  New building in Austin is awesome!

Cons: you're hired in through Aerotek and they lie about the opportunities for advancement. Promotions and raises RARELY happen, the schedule changes without warning, definitely not a good place to work if you have small children...you'll never be home.
Advice: None
Pros: weekly pay, great co-workers and sometimes they'll sponsor lunch

Cons: IT Leadership is a major disappointment
Most projects involve outdated tech,  and boring requirements, 
FreeLoader coworkers are rarely punished
Advice: Management needs to open their eyes
Pros: 20 days paid vacation
plus 17 corporate holidays
Inexpensive Health Care
Amazing work-life balance

Cons: There are a lot of free loaders who have been hired on and are just riding the system while others hard workers were laid off.
Advice: Accurately assess your teams talent.  Move talent where they belong.
Pros: Very strong company that is growing and putting an emphasis on I.T.

Cons: Lots of people who are not very good continue to be employed. Lots of corporate approval for things.
Advice: Allow more flexible hours options such as every other Friday off, and working 9 hour days.

Allow unpaid sabbatical option.
Pros: Work life balance is good. Never overworked. Good benefits and vacation time.

Cons: Low base pay, boring, incredibly bureaucratic
Advice: Be more honest about what the role requires. It is common with this common for people to come on as a software engineer and not be doing much coding.
Pros: Laid back atmosphere, good benefits, nice people.

Cons: - Not a lot of experienced co workers
- A lot of college hires
- Pay not as competitive
Advice: Encourage engagement hiring of more senior developers to help teams fill knowledge gaps.
Pros: - New technologies
- Career growth
- Ability to laterally switch teams
- Good benefits
- Work life balance

Cons: Old culture.  Good 'ol boy network still prevails.  Middle management stifled in old ways.
Advice: Promote more progressive thinkers, and people who are focused on the people side of the business.
Pros: Excellent vacation and holiday time.  Competitive salary.

Cons: Poor upper management, no raises, too much process, slow at decision making
Advice: Get a new CEO, let the designers and engineers make world class, high tech products, lead on technology instead of following the competition
Pros: Decent salary, opportunity to move around and gain new experiences

Cons: Less Opportunities for experienced employee
Company is Still top Heavy
Advice: Create Career Advancement Opportunities for productive employees. 
Eliminate waste and Retire unproductive employee to create more opportunities.
Pros: Reorganization at its peak
New Hirin brings a lots of new graduates
Very Focused on Build brands for quality and durability

Cons: Sometimes work life balance can be challenging

Long hours can sometimes make optimal work/life balance difficult
Advice: Provide more career opportunities for career growth
Pros: Good work life Balance, excellent colleagues to work with very professional

The pay and benefits are good and the ambassador program lets you check out many of the products

Cons: Managerial silos
Big, bureaucratic nightmare at times
Some locations are not very desireable to work at
The culture is less about teamwork than it should be
Advice: More involvement from individual contributors for future directions.
Pros: Many different job types to migrate to
Decent pay and benefits
Great people to work with
Travel opportunities 
Good training

Cons: Like most companies these days they deed to pay attention to what their employees are trying to bring to the table.
Advice: Pay attention to everyone.
Pros: The company and the people.

Cons: Work life balance is not great. Legacy culture is counterproductive. Middle management is very shortsighted.
Advice: Be careful who you promote. People leave managers not companies.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. There are a lot of smart people at the company which helps challenge and stretch you.

Cons: Challenging and competitive environment. Still a lot of old school business as strategy.
Advice: Time to break up the good old boys club.
Pros: They seem to take care of their people.  Work hard and you will be rewarded. Suggest actively managing you opportunities.

Cons: Can be slow to promote.
Not allowed to take Risks. Stick to the script.
You can't get in trouble for doing NOTHING
Advice: When you identify HiPots, give them opportunities to grow instead of yearly meaningless Self Presentations that doesn't yield anything new.
Pros: Vehicle Discounts, Paid Holidays, Vacation time, Decent benefits.
Some fun projects

Cons: None that I have notice thus far
Advice: Cecilia Thompson was awesome. she immediately addressed my concerns and even followed through to make sure I was very satisfied. She really do need to be recognized for her outstanding work. She is one of a kind.
Pros: Friendly employees, very supportive environment

Cons: Still some of the "good old boy" holdouts gumming up the transition.
Advice: Look closer at some of your "leaders". You say corporate cultural behaviors for all, but some pick and choose what behaviors they will espouse. It's either all or nothing.
Pros: Evolving, but not everyone buys in to change.

Cons: Too much bureaucracy with hard moving decisions across so many teams until something new can get implemented. Teams tend to try to do what they did for the last 5 years and hard to change to new implementations.
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy and empowered in your decisions with not much supervising or micro-management.

Cons: They are starting to outsource again.
Mass layoffs.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing opportunity right out of college.
Great benefits.
401k match up to 5% I believe.
A lot of vacation days for new hires.

Cons: Turned down buyout, only 59 yrs.old, was not ready to retire. Was fired two weeks later for a flimsy reason, was walked out....NO insurance (was told not eligible for Cobra, no profit sharing, no unemployment...Unbelievable to treat an employee this way with a stellar record.
Advice: You might want to treat your experienced employees fairly.
Pros: Having hard time listing pros after what they did to me.

Cons: Career opportunities are only available to a select few. It comes down to who you know and not what you know. You must have someone looking out for you to have a career.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is average to above average.

Cons: Middle management needs to get it together better. Some are great, don't get me wrong, but some a mindset that you need to eat, sleep, and breathe the company.
Advice: Stop promoting people who don't deserve it.
Pros: Good pay/benefits, working to be most inclusive company.

Cons: Overworked by workload imbalance and info and execution redundancies.
Advice: (1) Balance the workload and enable employees to focus on learning their part(s) 
(2) Eliminate redundancies. Too much time spent delivering presentations where open communication and emails achieve the exact same thing.
Pros: Being a part of next gen efforts

Cons: Your opinion is not valued, Lots of busy work, At the end of the day you leave work feeling empty and uninspired. If you are more productive than the nice person the nice person will be promoted.
Advice: Wouldn't matter it's like taking to a wall.
Pros: Not a lot of real work.

Cons: Not everyone is given opportunity as there are Very senior people and very junior people. Middle gap is concerning for career growth
Advice: Find ways to grow and keep your employees
Pros: Great benefits and 401k plan. Below average compensation. 
Team dynamic will make or break your time with GM.

Cons: Don't really have a con or downside. Always room for improvement but that's at just about any company. Nothing to me, requires a significant change
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome environment fun people to work with. Highly team-oriented place which is a definite plus working there. Lots of room for growth

Cons: Too much politics, unfair evaluation system for employees, lack of growth opportunities.
Advice: Compensate employees better, especially those that are not not new college graduates or senior managers, have a more fair system in place for mid and year end employee reviews.
Pros: Great Benefits, Reputable Company, Good Employees to work with.

Cons: Treated with no respect. Work way to much overtime with little regard for your life outside of the plant life
Advice: Treat people with basic human decency
Pros: Good pay, interesting technology and equipment. Opportunity to work on a variety of projects and install new equipment and optimize processes.

Cons: You don't really have a life working here. Very time consuming
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work . Very good people. It's a career job that come with all of the benefits . You have a chance to get promoted and a chance to make a lot of good money!

Cons: - will learn very fast how the corporate world works
- not a lot of room for growth, much of your learning will be self-taught
Advice: None
Pros: - Very good benefits (401k, insurance, vacation policy, etc)
- Great exposure to auto industry
- You will be surrounded by highly skilled developers

Cons: More transparency from leadership
More opportunities for remote work
Advice: None
Pros: 20 vacation days + 5 days around Christmas after 2 years of employment
All UAW holidays
Flat leadership structure in some departments
A lot of emphasize on rotations to make sure employees don't get bored

Cons: -Training and downloading software from IT takes a big chunk of time so make sure to start early
Advice: None
Pros: -people are very passionate about their work and really enjoy working there 
-great open office environment in some parts 
-easy to move around the company

Cons: Long work hours, weekends included (6-7 days per week), stressful environment, unrealistic goals for management, favoritism takes precedence over talent and potential in career advancement
Advice: Absorb the experience and unless you love it, move on to another position, career or company.
Pros: Great benefits and excellent pay!

Cons: They don't treat there employees as value anymore. They would replace all of us with robots or illegal immigrants if they could get a way with it.
Advice: Treat your workforce how you would like to be treated.
Pros: Steady employment, good benefits, decent pay.

Cons: Horrific experience  working long hours and not receiving adequate/market rate pay for the job I am performing. Worked there during the layoffs and this was very stressful. Put in considerable amount of effort into my role here and was not  adequately compensated. No Work from Home or flexible work policy. Horrible corporate culture.
Advice: Pay people right. Don't lay off workers that are high value add. Fire CEO and executives that are greedy.
Pros: Coworkers and colleagues are good people

Cons: More bureaucratic than other companies I’ve worked for, but this is the largest company I’ve worked for.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are smart, supportive, and very friendly.

I was able to have a good experience even though I started virtually.

GM is doing some exciting things with electric and autonomous vehicles

Cons: Old-school mentality that is slowly changing. Exacerbated by the pandemic. A little behind on technology stacks based on what team you are on
Advice: None
Pros: If you're on the right team with the right people, you'll be working constantly on challenging problems. If you aren't.....you'll be doing nothing

Cons: May need to modernize on some fronts in terms of operations.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of different fields with people that are willing to teach you about your field. Great starting experience as an intern to learn about what is out there. Also a good place to learn from experts in your particular field.

Cons: Present software process is burdensome.
More training would help new employees on present process.
Advice: Focus on new software tools and training for employees.
Pros: A lot of interesting work with Hybrid vehicles.
Updating the software process with latest tools for software engineers are in the works.

Cons: there is no Cons as such. Small things are understandable as they are there everywhere.
Advice: going great keep it up. Design build and sell worlds best cars !
Pros: General Motors is a very good employer. Excellent team environment and scope for advancing your career if you are really qualified.

Cons: No room for growth. It is a buddy buddy system so you must get in good with certain people to get all of your bonus and move up.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and competitive salary. Offer tuition assistance if you want to get your masters degree. They give training in many coding languages.

Cons: Restrictions in hiring throughout preferred contract firms.  And high level strategic consultants are a waste of money, and their deliverables are overvalued.
Advice: Implement quality control to ensure people managers truly take tangible action in supporting career development
Pros: High level of talent, progressive leadership

Cons: Being a designer can get to be troublesome as it requires the individual to be on Unigraphics all day. Lots of communication problems, perhaps because of the size of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: A huge company that has great benefits. The work was interesting most of the time.

Cons: Possible lay offs in downturns.
Advice: Keep your knowledgeable Managers in the areas where they can be utilized the best.  Keep rotating them and you get a lot of waste and mis-management.
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Shift preference.  Vacation Days.  Team oriented.

Cons: Some people do not like the new "open office' areas that are being implemented around the corporation
Advice: Continue making customers and employees as happy as possible. The rest will take care of itself.
Pros: General Motors is in a massive change of culture. Equal playing field for all.

Cons: Management cannot get over themselves. They really do not care about the product as long as they get their way.
Advice: Move on when you ego stands between you and your product.
Pros: Salary is competitive. The employees (workers) are generally great. World class facilities.

Cons: IT has been cut by roughly 25% to 30%
Lots of bureaucracy in IT... unnecessarily, non-value added processes.
Lots of people on non-value added positions.   Not enough IT developers.
Advice: Stop treating IT like a red headed step child.
Pros: Pay is OK.  Job is challenging.

Cons: Very disorganized training; I was tossed out in the field before I knew what I was doing
Advice: Adopt a more organized and measured training program with clear goals and timelines to go along with those goals
Pros: Great hours and a casual dress code

Cons: Difficult to move up in some areas due to saturated higher level employees
Advice: Give younger employees more opportunities to move up.
Pros: Large company experience, can move around and experience a whole different company while not leaving the company

Cons: Good software development life cycle is not uniform
Bad development practices sometimes happen
Delivery is more important than quality sometimes
Advice: Push the culture to develop best practice development. Make developing quality code a standard, and anything less than it is unacceptable.
Pros: Really relaxed environment
Decent chances to move teams
Low barrier to entry

Cons: Everyone seems to  only care about making their numbers look good. Little to no support from staff. Little to no training, then disciplined when making mistakes on issues you were supposed to be trained on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Working with some truly passionate people.

Cons: Management SUCKED, they wanted the product and that’s it! Morale was low.
Advice: Treat your employees with a little more tact and courtesy and the morale would be much better for the work environment.
Pros: I was able to earn a decent wage to provide  for myself and family.

Cons: Your experience will differ heavily by manager. I love my position but if you have a bad manager you can have a less than great time
No room for upward growth.
Advice: No room for upward growth.
Pros: Great vacation and bonus policy
Great work life balance.

Cons: If you are not a straight white man then you will be disadvantaged at this company. Additionally, they underpay employees considering the roles that we do
Advice: Pay employees more, quit the boys club culture
Pros: Stable, friendly, wonderful environment to garner early career experience

Cons: Learning multiple mobile languages instead of mastering a singe platform you're encourages to learn Java, Swift, and Javascript
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility during the pandemic has made the transition into remote work as easy as possible. Very high ceiling depending on your motivation and inspirations.

Cons: Lack of professionalism within the plants.  The further you are from hq, the worse it gets.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to take on roles cross functionally.  Great opportunity to gain experience and develop.

Cons: You will still be working for a large corporation, unfortunately it will not have the same personal touch as a small company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and they try to provide employees with as much info and tools as possible and encourage a fun relaxed atmosphere.

Cons: - low salary
- co-workers weren't knowledgeable despite years of experience
Advice: Be more stringent in your hiring practices. You have a few skilled employees doing most of the work.
Pros: - great benefits
- great bonus
- relaxed environment

Cons: If your not permanent management will use you up. Then short your hours. Union doesn’t help unless you damn near die.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay. That’s it lol. If you get a good shift like first or third. Insurance is free. Benefits are good.

Cons: The management and the finance office is absolutely horrible.  No one wants to work as a team and everyone is constantly talking bad about one-another. Petty bologna.
Advice: Stop micromanaging and being shady.
Pros: Great location, relatively decent place to work and move up.

Cons: Work life balance is a challenge at times and exposure to a very cyclical industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong senior leadership team that has turned around the culture and redefined what success looks like.  Commitment to  leading the next generation of mobility and traditional automotive technology.

Cons: Lay off, sometimes we have to use your vacation time for shutdowns, having to work some weekends, sometimes management doesn’t care about you or personal life issues
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, profit share at the end of year (usually 10-12k), union, pretty good pay, holidays off

Cons: Tendency to rely too heavily on top talent to the point of burning then out
Essentially no possibility for career progression of you're in middle management
Advice: Appreciate and invest in the talent that you have while there is still some left.
Pros: Fast paced
Work with interesting technology
Top tier technical talent

Cons: If you want to get ahead, forget it unless you are a relative or know someone intimately.  Nepotism at its worst.  Spend much of your time apologizing to dealers and customers for the mistakes this company makes.
Advice: Change it.  The culture at GM right now is no different than it was on May 31, 2009, the day before GM filed for bankruptcy.
Pros: Very limited.   Checksheet mentality across the organization.

Cons: To much bureaucracy, meetings and politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with great portfolio of products to work. All resources needed are available to make the job efficient and keep the productivity. One of the best team on the business to work with. Great network of suppliers.

Cons: The company is has too many silos. The best idea does not win, and spending more time on political battles vs. real decisions can be a bit draining.
Advice: None
Pros: The best thing about the company is the people. Overall, people are focused on helping and trying to win.

Cons: Lack of promotional opportunities if you want to remain in a technical position ... I wouldn't stay with this company for more than 5-10 years if I had to do it again
Advice: talks the talk, but doesn't walk the walk
Pros: Resources and the people you work with

Cons: Moving internally within the company can be difficult.  Not much support in career planning.  Year end evaluation process can be confusing and is not administered consistently.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of new products are being introduced which are fun and exciting to work on.  Compensation is very competitive.

Cons: Need permission to apply for other position after your probationary period
Advice: In my opinion, the requirement of getting permission to advance should be eliminated.
Pros: Great compensation, and benefits. Lots of supports groups within the company and they also offer a mentor to help you in your career advancement

Cons: Hard to move up in rank/level. They are growing so fast, they typically promote from the outside. Moving up in level is incredibly difficult, even when they hired at too lay a competitive level.
Advice: None
Pros: Depends on the team, but some teams are really engaged and well done.

Cons: Possible to be pigeonholed and stuck in one area or discipline, especially if your entry level position is in manufacturing.
Advice: Keep listening.....
Pros: Fair compensation package that includes significant benefits, including a company car once you achieve a certain level, as well as great career opportunities

Cons: Depending on the leadership one reports to, some get the point people need to grow and move around to expand the knowledge. Others feel threaten by it.
Advice: None
Pros: GM IT is growing and the opportunities for growth can be available as long as one reports to a great leader.

Cons: I wish that we could work from home a little more throughout the week.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: This is the best company I've ever been a part of. Everyday I feel like I'm making an impact and rewarded for my work. Glad I decided to work here

Cons: Next 5-10 years are critical to relieve the older generation of GM Employees, to truly move forward and become a Workplace of Choice for college grads in Engineering, Manufacturing, Software, Cyber Security, Business and other key areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Perks and Benefits are world-class

Cons: - too many middle managers 
- very siloed
Advice: - hire more experienced developers and trim the middle management
Pros: - casual dress
- not strict on hours (get the job done)
- good work life/balance
- starts with 3 weeks vacation + 16 holidays
- opportunities move around in the organization

Cons: - The quality of the team/work highly depends on the manager.
- Some traditional process are in-grained and very bureaucratic (GM is a 100+ year company after all)
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible work schedules (if the manager is right)
- Generous vacation days
- Competitive 401k matching
- Highly Inclusive

Cons: -Old, traditional corporate culture
-Not exciting work
-Engagement is low, hard to connect to work
-Detroit
-Pay is low compared to other large companies (locations are cheap places)
Advice: Be more aggressive with culture change.
Pros: -Diversity
-Stability
-Easy technical interview
-Career development
-Benefits (health, retirement match, relocation assistance)
-Learning opportunities
-Work-life balance
-Pride in working for an iconic brand

Cons: The biggest con is that this is an in person job. Even as a software engineer. Going into an office in this day in age is cumbersome
Advice: None
Pros: There is allot of opportunities within the company both work and non work related. There is also a great sense of community

Cons: Change is constant and you must always be ready to change your tact while keeping your sails fully against the wind!
Advice: Continue to work on engaging all parts of the workforce!
Pros: People are the heart and soul of any company and that is no different with General Motors.

Cons: Long hours, working afternoon and night shifts, mandatory overtime, lack of communication from upper management, impossible to get get promoted unless you know someone on the inside
Advice: Try giving fair performance reviews and promoting people based on performance
Pros: The pay and the benefits

Cons: The opportunities for advancement are limited for obvious reasons, but they are trying to turn themselves around as a company.
Advice: My advise to management would be to make sound decisions and be very thoughtful with your path forward in order to make GM a great place to work and once again the maker of great cars and trucks.
Pros: Comfortable working environment and ability to handle change and adversity.  People are very nice and inclusive of others for the most part.

Cons: Very lethargic and slow moving culture.  Little encouragement from management and left to languish type of work plan and effort.
Advice: Shake up the place.  Bring in some fresh thinking and blood to the mix.
Pros: Large multi-national company with many location, projects and products to work on.

Cons: Hard to move around from job to job and move forward. Very political and beuracratic.
Advice: Respect the people who work for you and need to make decisions on fairness rather than political reasons.
Pros: Good salary with real learning experience at the job if you want to learn

Cons: Red tape - Since its too big there can be redundant red tape issues
In many areas, even though you may be an engineer you may not do core technical work.
Advice: None
Pros: Fair Salary.
Understanding and accommodating for personal life - Flexible hours
Opportunities to try different engineering area

Cons: Lack of empowerment.  Too many people.  IT support is poor.  Too many approvals needed for next steps.
Advice: Empower your employees.  Give them a sense of ownership.
Pros: Lots of training and therefore learning opportunities.

Cons: Leadership is not great here.  Leaders will make false promises and misdirect employees, then fire them without cause weeks later
Advice: Current leadership is not working, you might want to address that
Pros: Good if you like working with cars and factories.  A lot of work involves plant related initiatives which is pretty cool as you get to see where the cars are built

Cons: You can become too involved in company culture and miss new tech and processes out in the rest of the world. But if you stay focused you would be fine.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has been a very stable company that provides good career growth.

Cons: Lacking robust leadership development
Advice: Invest the time into developing decisive, empathetic, technically skilled and diverse leaders.  Provide aspiring leaders with both classroom training and relevant experiential learning.  In short, place more rigor around how leaders are selected.
Pros: Competitive salaries and work life balance

Cons: Some employees that are non union have negative effects on new and present union 
employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Union benefits, medical benefits, are top notch. Union personnel Really stick their necks out to help and resolve any issues that are relevant in nature to the business.

Cons: Was not provided "in depth" training promised in the interview. Resource withholding seems to be relatively common. Internal tools crash often. Pays very low for the Austin area.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to get experience, most teams have modern tech stacks

Cons: A lot of refactoring regarding legacy code. Cross team communication issues (a lot of factions in the company due to the sheer size). Less than average pay
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is amazing, great innovative thinkers, lots of opportunity for career growth. A lot of holidays

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Exceptional Behaviors is promoted within the company which is very inclusive and enables collaboration with cross functional teams effectively.
Very Good Career Opportunities, Promotes individual growth and skills.
Respects Culture, values and diversity.
Very good Work life balance
Leading efforts in cutting edge technology and innovation.

Cons: no-fault attendance, hopefully they will rethink that concept after this pandemic. They expect you to come to work sick, as they don't accept dr's notes.
Advice: most management in the factories could never work with the public.
Pros: Pay and benefits are very good for veteran employees.

Cons: some terrible hires for Managers that harass employees and make them work odd hours, besides that poor work-life balance
Advice: Properly screen your managers and take employee complaint seriously, someone could die for a heart-attack or high blood pressure here
Pros: Good Pay and benefits for employees

Cons: We keep losing more benefits.
Advice: Come out to the job sites and shake hands with the real workers.
Pros: Salaried position and I get to do many different jobs.

Cons: You are not paid for the work you do.
Advice: Always be aware of how your employees are feeling and how much work they actually do on a daily basis for your company. Without the employees, you wouldn't really have a company to uphold.
Pros: The Benefits can be nice.

Cons: Politics, workplace drama (but can be easily ignored if you just do your job and go home).
Advice: Lower management should really stop playing favorites with their employees... It's not a good look.
Pros: Hours, pay, opportunities for advancement and the best health insurance I have ever had.

Cons: I was employed through a GM vendor. There were times when I felt I wasn't fully part of the team.
Advice: Make sure employees hired through "vendor" always feel part of the team.
Pros: Genuine focus on work/life balance. Team Spirit. Great support. Customer focus. Positive culture.

Cons: Long hours
Hiring under "Entry Level Software Developer" when you could have any form of IT or tech-based role with that label
Advice: None
Pros: Great starting pay
Great job security for a new college grad
Opportunities within the company with boosted raises
Good benefits
Relocation assistance
Work from Home hiring

Cons: Lack of candid communication regarding next steps in a difficult time.
Advice: Talk to your employees about the hard choices we have to make and lead by example throughout the organization not just at the lower levels of management.
Pros: GM now makes very good vehicles.

Cons: Extremely poor management, lack of talented people, arrogant behavior from managers, people not eager to help, and huge bureaucracy.
Advice: Please recruit some smart people. You can't restructure with below average people!
Pros: GM employee discount for GM vehicle. Nothing else!

Cons: its hard to change a culture
Advice: reward people on what they are able to accomplish, lossen up the rules on how to get creative and complex work done
Pros: management working hard to improve the culture which has been slow and cumbersome

Cons: - Most of meeting start to 6 am 
- Several layers of beauracracy
- Hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: - Wide range of opportunities to choose from if you get bored in current position
- Great health benefits
- Great  holiday package
- Good pay
- Flexible work time

Cons: - Opportunity for Junior Employees
- Need to provide option to move to different domain.
Advice: Provide opportunity for Engineers to Travel to Michigan Center
Pros: - Great Place to Work. 
- Management is very supportive
- Lot of fun activities apart from Work
- Best product company to work for.

Cons: Limited in changing positions or areas of IT
Limited availability to move up in the iT organization
No defined processes for development teams
Tight development timelines, forcing testing to work lots of overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Most everyone in IT is new to the company
Great teleconferencing technology

Cons: Retirees are not replaced due to hiring freeze, and there aren't enough people to do their work
Advice: prior to letting someone retire, sit with them to see what they do before allowing a hiring freeze to interfere
Pros: Great wages and benefits there

Cons: Long hours, Random overtime. You'll be working 3-11 for the next 10 years. Laid off for 2 of those years at the least. Good luck moving up in the company. The UAW is as clueless as management.
Advice: Consider promotions from the ground up. No one wants to move to Detroit for 3 years of training by OWM.
Pros: Money, and nothing else I can think of. Most people drive 30-70min to get there because inflated home values nearby.

Cons: Past is Prologue - you are pretty much locked in to the past quality reputation from the past - yet the cars are absolutely top notch
Advice: Change the name and the Logo
Pros: Pay is very good and the work is relatively easy once you get used to it

Cons: Work hours can be a little long at times and management is very demanding. They don’t care about work life balance. And the  bureaucracy is annoying at times.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are really nice. The healthcare is affordable, good pay relative to the area, and lots of vacation days.

Cons: A little bit bogged down by the automotive industry and its cyclical nature.
Advice: Keep investing in technology. Benchmark the IT processes and results against the top 5 technology companies for improvement.
Pros: Enterprise-level tools, systems and processes to get experience at a Fortune 25 IT organization.

Cons: Lots of conflict between workers and temps , your a temp for over 3 years with only 3 unpaid days off . They mandate temps all the time to stay over/ come in early/ work additional days
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, free health care to temps workers, plenty of overtime

Cons: Tell employees they own career but moved me 3 times to where they needed/wanted  me
Advice: Don’t cut people to meet some arbitrary number , cut people that deserve to be cut
Pros: Nice benefits including profit sharing

Cons: Benefits are terrible, no hope to being a hired on out of temp status, no vacations allowance for temps after so long.
Advice: Get rid of the temp status. Be humble. We are the reason the wheels are spinning.
Pros: Great people, easy work, great pay

Cons: Downsize can be hard and distruptive to your life.
Advice: Reassign employees to other areas rather than lay them off if they agree to it.
Pros: Great benefits and training oppourtunities. The manager that hires you is the key to your success, if changed it may be other wise.

Cons: Lack of appreciation, lack of job security, lack of recognition, lack of respect, lack of culture, lack of community involvement, lack of future advancement
Advice: The company culture is not good and it starts from the top down.  Try to fix the politics within the company.  Do not have us sandbag projects because our boss tells us we need to save some cost efficiencies for next year
Pros: High profile projects and good compensation

Cons: Very political with committees for every decision. If you want to advance in your career, you must constantly be willing to continually relocate. Not beneficial for a family.
Advice: Be quick to react. Shorten communications.
Pros: Opportunities to grow if your willing to constantly relocate.

Cons: too much nepotism.  It is sickening.  So many people worked a previous company together and came to gm.  No clearly defined roles or expectations
Advice: Retire and stop stealing money
Pros: really cool that you get to take the cars out for a week once a quarter

Cons: Location sometimes a challenge;
Advice: Allow more work from home opportunities (at least one day a week to all employees); this will greatly improve quality of life
Pros: Leading technology; relevant work; comprehensive insurance; ongoing training; knowledgeable management; innovation highly encouraged; competitive salary

Cons: A union labor force is sometimes a drag on productivity, innovation, and efficiency.
Advice: There should be merit raises within labor ranks... work-life balance should not just be given lip service.
Pros: The company is on solid financial ground and future product looks very promising.

Cons: No work/life balance
Manipulation by management
Changed direction every other week including revoking part-time status
Advice: Get with the program and come into this century as has most of the rest of the organization.
Pros: Lots of learning opportunities
Lots of opportunities for growth

Cons: More days off. I work 40 hours/week, but some people work alot more.
When trying to move up, alot of hours are required.
Advice: None
Pros: The managers here are very down to earth. They really connect with you.
When asking for help people are very willing to give it.

Cons: Management is probably the the worst I've ever seen in my 30 year career.  Leadership skills are sorely missing
Advice: Train senior management on leadership skills.
Pros: Salary and benefits are very competitive.  Work life balance is good

Cons: systems are a bit outdated, management seems lost at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Great work life balance, 15 days vacation which goes to 20 after 2 years, winter shut down and summer shut down, good discount on cars, 8% 401k match if you put in 4%

Cons: Relies too heavily on supplier design work, requiring in house staff to fix supplier work.
Advice: Let your employees show you how to be more efficient, then reward them.
Pros: GM has recently provided good bonuses, exceeding 20% of salary. Also encourages and pays for patent applications.

Cons: Old processes and old thinking for most employees and middle management
Advice: Visit San Francisco. Go work for 1 hour in a startup. Practice empathy with your employees, customers, and competitors. We need a sense of urgency and will to take big risks.
Pros: Opportunities to make an impact

Cons: Big company. There is a lot of bureaucracy to get things done sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible benefits. You get to drive the coolest vehicles through the Ambassador Program. Work-life balance. The quality of the people at GM is incredible. Bright future ahead

Cons: The jobs are all higher level, the detail is outsourced so you don't get to work on detail to much.  It's more of a higher level review.  As a result learning is limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Hours are good and management flexible when it comes to personal issues.

Cons: Not in love with the location
Advice: None
Pros: Really great benefits, flexible schedule, lots of sick and personal time. This company is very big on giving the newer generations more opportunities. Newer to the company but not to the work force. I love the company thus far

Cons: Underpaid for IT in Arizona and nationally
Lack of career opportunities
Difficulty moving around.
Advice: Take care of the NCG's who first started, as the new hires coming in are getting paid more.
Pros: Great for first job out of college
Great benefits
Cheap healthcare
15 PTO
Unlimited Sick time
Work/life balance
Culture

Cons: Requirement to understand concepts all the way  through direct experience and experiments. Inclination to supervise developments of the whole process.
Advice: None
Pros: Attitude for team working, available to give and receive tips, in order to enrich both my personal knowledge and the team final outcome value. 
Inventiveness, personality,

Cons: Like everywhere, some horrible leadership and lack of growth opportunities
Advice: Get rid of your micro managers and hire leaders! Fast is not quality and doing more with less does not mean overloading your employees so you can let others go.
Pros: Great innovation opportunities and small areas of brilliance

Cons: Travel
Complex internal systems that don't always integrate with others
Advice: Encourage employees to explore and get exposed to all areas of the business
Pros: Schedule flexibility/ working remotely and at suppler location
Great opportunities to network
Competitive pay and benefits
Ability to work cross-functionally

Cons: They overload jobs that were once full in 2016 and do not address safety issues or protect experienced workers who have devoted years to the company.
Advice: Take safety issues more seriously and don't give management power to dismiss middle management who try to address safety issues.
Pros: If you are young and strong and don't need to sustain relationship you can make good money once you get past the 2 or 3 year hurdle of part - time.

Cons: Low pay, layoffs due to over hiring, work isn't very rewarding as you hardly ever are shown the finished product of what you work on
Advice: None
Pros: Easy Interview, work isn't too demanding, lots of vacation time/holidays, good benefits

Cons: Can't think of any at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: The work is not hard on the body and very easy to learn. There are lots of opportunities to grow in the company. Management is very helpful and will answer any questions new team members may have.

Cons: Some of the people in management are great technically but have absolutely no management skills.

No clear vision, constant organizational structure changes.
Advice: Focus on getting managers rather than friends in management positions.
Pros: Exposed to a wide variety of projects. Great learning opportunity

Cons: Stagnant culture that is still making the same mistakes from pre bankruptcy.
Advice: Take care of your dealers and your employees. Listen to the ideas that come from both groups. Remove the red tape.
Pros: Great people and dealer body. Flexibility for field employees.

Cons: Lots of management.  Lots of meetings.  Slow.
Advice: Fewer levels of management and a flatter organization would help.  Stop the promotion based on how many directors you know process.
Pros: Lots of resources.  Many highly qualified and talented people.  Reasonable work life balance.

Cons: GM is a big company and politics exist. Long days, lots of hours tends to be the norm. Retirement plans for younger employees.
Advice: Encourage more work life balance.
Pros: Lots of opportunity to learn and grow in your career. Great people to work with. Work life balance.

Cons: Lots of processes that don't talk to each other.  No one tells you how they interact and you are left to fend for yourself to figure out how all of the systems intertwine.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to do something different (different areas of the vehicle)

Cons: Some people offered software dev positions were put on QA testing teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Got put on a good team. Motivated and smart.

Cons: Very poor pay for designers but this is typical for the Automotive Industry
Advice: Less territory protection be more open
Pros: Stable work environment but slow paced with little opportunity for strong input into the final product. Managers tend to spend more time defending their jobs than working with employees.

Cons: Bureaucratic in nature, slow to change and adapt to new ideas, still to top heavy with managers
Advice: Need to do a better job selecting leaders. Lack of good leadership is hurting our organization
Pros: Good pay, offer a wide array of jobs in many locations, opportunities for advancement.

Cons: I had the opportunity to work in different departments, all of them were good environment except two departments that were managed very poorly for individuals that due to their ties remain in posts.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good company to work, depending on who is managing the department.

Cons: Work 6 and 7 days a week constantly. Not much time for social life when you throw school into the mix. No benefits for temps.
Advice: None
Pros: Good starting wage. Good benefits once you turn permanent. And they say the union is there to back you up.

Cons: It is innovating but still have old work structure and conservative work environment. For example, slower decision making than start ups.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is innovating now. Moving to bright future and and still have great opportunity. Better work life balance and well organized system compare to competitors.

Cons: Have to participate in employee bondings, boring team meeting every Thursdays, behavioral is more important than your performs, can't switch teams or projects for 3 years.
Advice: Work performance should be a higher tier than behavior of attending meaningless meetings
Pros: Good benefits, good work life balance

Cons: IT department has parts of it that are antiquated - but it’s rapidly evolving!
Advice: More communication in a condensed form - specifically from directors. I don’t mean more all hands - an email would suffice.
Pros: Work life balance, benefits, company culture and flexible work hours.

Cons: Michigan, the roads, the wearther, the getto. Cost of living is some what high.
Advice: None
Pros: Resources, money almost always there for development projects and studyies. Cutting edge CAD systems and great work areas. Your allowed to learn and grow in many areas.

Cons: Significance of work sometimes requires long hours
Advice: Continue to leverage economy of scale globally
Pros: The IT Leadership and Corporate culture at general motors is charismatic and progressive, giving great opportunities for learning, growing and advancing your career.

Cons: Work long hours because of machinery breaking down which results to not meeting daily quota. Sometime not a lot of of over time depending on the demand.
Advice: None
Pros: Take care of their employees with compensation, benefits, and opportunities to grow  into bigger roles within the company.

Cons: no personal growth. promotions are based on people you know. your manager decides your fate.
Advice: people see these remarks. it has an impact on overall company's future.
Pros: work is fun, lots of freedom. perks are decent. job is stable. living standard is good.

Cons: Not a lot of ability to move around within the company. People stay in their jobs for years.
Advice: Management should should develop a formal review process to gage their employees interests.
Pros: Great people to work with and great work life balance and perks.

Cons: Engineers go thru multiple managers in their career.  You need to prove yourself for every manager and is very difficult to do so.
Advice: Need a collective database for each engineer so new manager know what to expect.
Pros: Excellent learning opportunities for engineering disciplines.

Cons: the ups and down in income is hard to get used to. and the other sales people will always be your enemy.
Advice: None
Pros: You get what you put into it. Its extremely rewarding, you can make a lot of money in this buisiness

Cons: Things are slow to change.  Lack of leadership and career guidance.  My skills have unfortunately grown worse since I joined as a new grad three years ago
Advice: If you want new hires to stick around, show them that there are advancement opportunities.   It doesnt seem like there is a lot of room for career progression here
Pros: Cool building.  Nice cafe, walking track, and cube design

Cons: If you're a temp, good luck getting hired. Doesn't matter how good you are it goes by your orientation date and last name
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly workplace, fairly treated even if you're a temp. Offered overtime, good pay and health insurance

Cons: Not the best tech practices
Some projects have been living for long time
Not lot of opportunities to implement new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Great Balance
Detroit life is cheap compared to other cities

Cons: - Lots of old undesirable systems to work on
- Good place if your at the beginning or end of your career, but not the middle
Advice: Increase rotation of software developers
Pros: - Good place to learn to become a software developer
- Good work life balance

Cons: Management does not fully understand what the line workers do so if things go wrong they get bent out of shape.
Advice: Learn from your employees. You make the big bucks but its not always about numbers.
Pros: Many good people working with you on the line.

Cons: Lots of localized cultures are being brought together here so there's a lot of variance in the work environment you could be in.
Advice: None
Pros: Changing organization that's making a real effort to pivot to new and exciting technologies.
Mobility within the company.

Cons: Promotional and growth opportunities seem non existent after a certain point. A lot of paperwork and bureaucracy at times which can slow movement and progress down.
Advice: Listen to suggestions from current employees and trust them.
Pros: decent pay and benefits, good time off and PTO.

Cons: Some cons includes....
CIO is pretty old school where he always wants you to go into the office.
They don't give you all the tools you need to succeed at your job.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with a lot of people
Good relocation package
Decent work life balance
Huge office
Great people
Benefits are pretty good

Cons: Sometimes there is too much work and it takes an impact on work life balance. I had to stay some very long nights at the office.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of young. motivated people and innovative work. I was different from what I was expecting when I first joined.

Cons: Old management style in many departments. To many meetings with little or no value directly related to current and future programs.
Advice: Less micromanagment of proffessional experienced employees.
Pros: Pay, health insurance and work life flexibility. Ability to work remotely. Focus is on the future of the automotive industry.

Cons: None that I can say is a con working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Flextime scheduling, Telecommuting, FSA accounts for dependent care, and 529 plans. On-site access to gyms, and at least 26 paid days off annually give employees more room to breathe.

Cons: Not all managers are the same, office politics is real and have to be willing to play the game sometimes
Advice: Losing someone who is passionate about the company due to poor direct leadership.
Pros: Amazing opportunities if you take the time to look and connect

Cons: I travel quite a bit - can be tiresome.
Advice: None
Pros: GM takes care of their employees. As long as I can continue to increase my knowledge, responsibilities, and my paycheck, I have no reason to work else where. I have a great manager and co-workers.

Cons: There are still many dysfunctional pockets of "old GM" mentality and a lot of holdovers who are resistant to change.
Advice: Recruit young talent with strong entry-level training programs.
Pros: I worked with some really lovely people who cared a lot about their coworkers

Cons: Career growth limited if not part of IT inner circle
Advice: Treat all IT members equally, and allow for career movement and promotion.
Pros: Great opportunities to work with cutting edge technologies.  Insourced model is unique in an outsourced world.

Cons: Slow, too many layers, decision making takes forever,
Advice: Decisions need to be made sooner and you should stick to  the decisions you make, Loose the layers, too many managers slowing down the process.
Pros: stable, good people, great life/work balance

Cons: Not enough OT
Cant really think of anything
Advice: Keep up what your doing you make GM a great place to work
Pros: People are very nice, laid back environment, people dont usually get in each others way, nice pay, decent food. Very understanding management

Cons: Need to continually remind your manager of your achievements
Career advancement not as easy as explained in hiring/orientation process
Advice: Keep the eye on sustaining growth without overworking employees
Do not lose sight of your top performers
Pros: Good vision, engagement, and support from top management
Great benefits
Good work-life balance

Cons: Stale culture, work life balance in some organizations, difficult for new hires to advance, unapproachable leaders, mature working environment
Advice: Adjust workplace culture across the board, don't just talk about it, be about it
Pros: Benefits, pay, availability to move up after time

Cons: Cold weather in Michigan.  The work is well based on the process , so everything is slow and routine.
Advice: None
Pros: Job security. Decent salary. Good place for the engineers.  I think GM is one of the best company for engieer among the big 4.

Cons: GM is trying to change to appeal more to next generation of workers.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology company that is developing innovative and interesting products. My manager was very invested in my success during my time there.

Cons: Very bureaucratic approval systems. Management is slow to act and often frozen when action is needed.
Advice: Listen to employees and learn to connect resulting in employee confidence, stronger teamwork, leaner processes, and higher design and manufacturing quality.
Pros: Well known products, large global organization, improvement opportunities

Cons: High stress environments and high expectations which make it challenging to find a good balance between work and home.
Advice: None
Pros: Equitable workplace, prioritizes the right things as a business and also for their people - competitive salaries and benefits.

Cons: The men to women ratio needs improvement. More minorities would be great too.
Advice: Needs to work on hiring more women and people of different ethnicities.
Pros: Flexible work environment. Great work from home policy. Employees are treated with respect.

Cons: Little to no upward movement
Few opportunities for development
Perception of Process Heavy when really certifiable business processes are not very sound (measurable, repeatable, monitoring control plan, lack of customer ownership of processes)
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work Life Balance
Salary Strong
Bonus Strong

Cons: Teams are more centralized and generally work in large groups
Advice: Give more autonomy to teams and keep team size smaller
Pros: Employees are encouraged to participate freely in any technical conversation. Friendly and supportive environment. No discrimination at all. Benefits are great

Cons: Large companies can foster bureaucracy
Employees can skate by with mediocre performance.
Advice: Don’t be afraid to discipline employees that are just “scooting by” and performing mediocre work.
Pros: Competitive salary, benefits, PTO
Forward thinking CEO
Invest in their employees
Couldn’t be happier with GM.

Cons: Promotions are based on who you know and not what you know.  Often higher educated employees with more experience are over looked for young "yes men".
Advice: Diversity is getting way out of hand.  Let's give people who earn opportunity priority over people who are in the right place at the right time.
Pros: GM tends to hold onto people even during bad times.  However, this means lower performers as well as high performers.

Cons: Nepotism
Too many senior leaders protecting their own interests
HR administration: no power, no say
No clear direction
No leadership
Too many 'silos"
No long term strategy
Advice: Get real and objective feedback. Review senior leader headcount and take appropriate decissions
Make right decissions concerning employees and workload
Review HR management
Leaders with huge egos and lots of 'followers" telling them what they want to hear
Give  recognition to the workers in lower levels
Pros: Global Company
Good facilities
Training
Time off
Vacations
perks
Salaries
GM University

Cons: Value process instead of engineers; management has no long term vision
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work/life balance; Very good vacation time. 
Good company to gain experiences 
Decent pay

Cons: -same ol' GM
-union environment impedes changes
-process improvement is slow (snail place)
Advice: -work life balance is bad.
-quit being so worried about upsetting the union.
Pros: -good pay
-good benefits
-not a lot of work

Cons: Still a lot of old thinking in GM IT but hopefully it is getting better
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of things are still happening and things are changing but I really think the IT world for GM is really looking up and going to be great

Cons: Innovation centers have the feel of a start-up, but you often run into the fact that you are working for a hundred year old car company out of Detroit.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation centers are a wonderful concept.

Cons: Work scope could be very narrow if you only stay in one role
Many layers of levels and reporting
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities within the organization
Friendly working environment
Good learning curve for juniors
Quality of work is high

Cons: A tremendous amount of political hoops and slow corporate culture change. Several layers of managers.
Advice: Take employee feedback through surveys to heart and make real changes
Pros: Great CEO and leadership in place. A lot of opportunity at various levels and beyond great salary.

Cons: Lack of support for those at the bottom of the corporate ladder.
Advice: Open your eyes - thinking younger & cheaper is better?  Go down to the bottom and see what reality is at the plant level.
Pros: While you are working for them, they are great.

Cons: Working in Maintenance as a Team Leader  with skilled trades too few to complete the task.
Advice: Bring in more effective  working experience maintenance personnel.
Pros: the versatility of responsibilities that I am to hold up.
the People are driven on safety

Cons: NA- middle level leadership (exec Director/Director leve) still operating in silos....hard to change the culture.... to the GM core values that is the future
Advice: Will not make any difference
Pros: NA - we’ll difine core values  for the company’s future  from the senior leadership

Cons: It is very political and there are many different agendas. People are friendly on the surface, but not to be trusted...Perhaps that's simply business.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good and there are opportunities within the organization if you are interested in transferring to other parts of the business.

Cons: Can be a tad bureaucratic, but that's to be expected with a company as large as GM.
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams, opportunity to be at the cutting edge of SAP technology. Lots of autonomy with groups. Ability to pursue individual growth. Great work life balance.

Cons: Very Fast based enviorement in the plants and can be noisy with all the conveyors and machinery.
Advice: Always hear people out and value their input.   Positive and Negative feedback should always be given.
Pros: A diverse workforce of very knowledgeable Hard working talented people

Cons: Some departments have a toxic culture and work environment. It really depends on where and who you work for. I would definitely stay clear of working in the legal staff.
Advice: Learn how to empower and trust your employees.
Pros: Overall pay and benefits are good.

Cons: IT Leadership in Austin doesn't have automotive experience 
IT Leaders in Austin seems disconnected from the problems the business had 
The Business has no respect for the IT organization
Advice: Stop being so arrogant.
Pros: Exciting work - ability to solve complex problems

Cons: Employee just a number.  Don't care and know that it doesn't matter what they do to people because there will always be someone else willing to do the job
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are competitive.   Good healthcare and 401K

Cons: Lack of job security.  No appreciation of global experience or time in position.
Advice: Set corporate direction and stay the course.  Closing and then extending production give the appearance of lack of control or adequate understanding of the market.
Pros: Salary, vacation, ability to move between functions.

Cons: No time between projects to work on personal development. Felt no room for advancement.
Advice: Spend time allowing employees to development, other than the yearly quota classes we had to take.
Pros: Great Benefits and really enjoyed working for my Manager.

Cons: Don't expect consistent work. You don't learn much. Business will be impacted by climate change, tariffs.
Advice: Fire your old people on the business side.
Pros: Good place to start as a college hire

Cons: Relationships and not skills prevail.  You still find sons, daughters, etc. getting the promotions etc.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is competitive and the company is large enough so that any field you are interested in, there most likely is a position in the company for it.

Cons: I do not get the recognition for the work I do. I literally trained my boss, and continue to train him for opportunities that I have been professionally trained and certified do.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and I love the work I'm doing.

Cons: Can be siloed, however it been getting a lot better .
Advice: Keep doing what your doing, we are loving in the right direction.
Pros: Amazing benefits, good work life balance and good people. Also working on some very interesting projects related to EVs and AVs.

Cons: Process heavy.  Decision authority not necessarily delegated to ensure speed.  Silo driven
Advice: Put more trust and decision making power in lower level management.
Pros: Great people to work with.  Exciting technology platforms - current and future.

Cons: Sometimes work hours are skewed for deadlines (not often)
Pay raises aren't great. Come in with a good salary.
Advice: Pay lower employees more. give us cars too!
Pros: Brand new technology
Great culture. Lots of young people, so keeps the office lively

Cons: Takes a while to get permanent
Advice: If you have good employees who work hard and want to be direct. You should not wait too long because you might just lose good people
Pros: Interesting Job, nice people, flex time depending on the manager

Cons: People can be stretched pretty thin with a wide range of responsibilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great 401k matching and vacation benefits. It shouldn't be hard finding a position and career path that you enjoy doing. The work environment is pretty friendly and is open to suggestions.

Cons: work is soul sucking, culture is terrible, managers are pretty brutal, zero career growth,  but hey it's better than being a broke student
Advice: listen to us!!
Pros: Decent compensation and benefits although not top notch, better than most.

Cons: Pay can be a little better. Other than that its OK.
Advice: Didn't really have a problem with management.
Pros: Great benefits and I love the break system. They give you a hr lunch and also 30 mins to take how u like.

Cons: Be aware of the different social groups that keep to themselves. Other than that it's a great company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: If you work hard this is a lot of room for growth. Constantly look on the job board for new positions.

Cons: if you are a quick learner, its hard to continually gain responsibility in the same role. internal role switches are heavily based on networking with no structured career paths or mediums to find new roles.
Advice: None
Pros: competitive salary and benefits. large company

Cons: Too many changes. Our department took the heat for a mess up in China.
Advice: Learn the job your direct reports do. You don't have to be an expert, but you should be able to do the job.
Pros: Lots of work, never boring.

Cons: Hired lots of Seniors which have lots of unrelated work experiences.
Advice: None
Pros: around 15 days Holidays and 15 vacation days first year, 20 second Year. Work is pretty flexible. Tons of technologies to learn if you willing to spend time to learn.

Cons: Nepotism runs rampant.  Forced overtime in excess of 60 hrs a week some weeks. This place does not have a clear program to help people with the excessive anxiety.
Advice: If someone seems to be having an anxiety attack or is obviously struggling mentally get them help immediately! Not just someone to talk to but a professional.
Pros: The pay level is higher than most entry level manufacturing jobs. If you like overtime chances are you will get it.

Cons: Stay away from this company! They have no clue on what they want. Management is worst
Advice: Recruit people when you have a proper plan in mind.
Pros: Nothing! I did not find anything good in the team I was working with. Pretty laid back environment.

Cons: To political. Out of Touch Directors.  Gossip. Personal Vendettas will get you laid off. No growth if on the wrong team.  Job security. Will lay you off and attempt to have a new hire do your job with less experience and pay. HORRIBLE insurance!
Advice: Lies and schemes shouldn't determine who gets laid off.  Don't take credit for the "little guys" work.
Pros: Pay, Car Programs, Bonus some years

Cons: No work from home options currently available.  After a severe auto accident, my manager forced me to commute by taxi into work for 2 months at my own expense.  No work from home flexibility after I had a baby.
Advice: Provide more flexible work arrangements for employees in order to retain your top talent.
Pros: Comprehensive benefit package, medical, dental, and disability and a fraction of the cost you will find at other employers

Cons: Appropriate promotion opportunities were a bit difficult to find.
Advice: Keep grooming middle managers to be people leaders.  There still aren't enough competent managers.
Pros: Thoroughly enjoyed my role, had great bosses, had very good benefits and was paid very well.

Cons: - GM is a huge company and that sometimes causes things to go slowly
Advice: None
Pros: - no shortage of interesting projects to work on
- if you need something for your work, GM will get it for you (e.g. computing resources)

Cons: The culture is all about short term gains.  Management is cutt throat.  They are still reorganizing and letting go of good talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Wages are competitive and profit sharing is nice

Cons: Too many layer of management and very bureaucratic. Managers don't seem to be responsible for anything, especially young managers. Tend to make TSs responsible and accountable for both technical and personnels.
Advice: Take responsibility.
Pros: Good opportunity working with a global team. Opportunity to grow your career.

Cons: There is no loyalty! I was let go after 19.7 years. I made too much money and they cleaned house letting go over 5,000 employees.
Advice: The wheels turn too slowly at GM
Pros: Good benefits and good money

Cons: Michigan can get very cold, if that's important to you.
Advice: None
Pros: GM seems to retain people well and develop them as they move through various internal positions. There are a lot of very smart and personable people working there.

Cons: In IT there is no work/life balance.  The current drive is to keep doing more work with less people.  Expect to work long hours and weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits.   Can be very interesting work.

Cons: Success is too dependent on who you know rather than letting your work speak for itself
Advice: Make sure you emphasize development of soft skills so your future leaders will know how to work effectively with others
Pros: Fast network building, high profile roles

Cons: Political, Automotive is made for a certain kind of person, some old school thinking left
Advice: Keep being progressive,  focus on employee happiness while driving for bottom line results
Pros: Learning,  Pay, Opportunity to choose path, opportunity for many careers

Cons: Minimum training for new hire.still too burocrátic,,overall GM is working progress in process improvements, increase quality,reliability, and durability for all their products.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job,good salary and great benefits,tons of opportunities to grow in your career , good learning experience ,dynamic and intercultural environment,

Cons: No notice travel occurs often making it difficult to balance your personal life.
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership in this group is strong making it bearable to work the hours and deal with all of the travel.

Cons: Overtime mandatory
Management Ill Equipped with unreal expectations
Advice: Have them work on the line for a couple of months to actually see what it feels like when their complaining about their unreal expectations
Pros: Pay
Time off
Very hard to be fired

Cons: Could use better Health plans, but I think that is hard to get these days.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has very good benefits. 401K contribution and matching, great PTO days and Holidays. Health benefits are good, including HSA contribution.
Pretty good work environment.

Cons: The company is based in Detroit. There are few other top notch finance opportunities in the region. If you leave the job, you pretty much have to leave the place.
Advice: None
Pros: Very smart people, lot of focus on developing talent

Cons: Massive layoffs happen and will continue as the future progresses with the downturn of the auto industry. GM is no longer a stable and safe company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: average pay, good benefits, relaxed atmoshpere

Cons: two tier's of employee's, no more pension, temp's work for years before if ever getting hired, company makes billion's of dollars a year and just keeps taking more away from their hourly workers, jobs are over-worked
Advice: None
Pros: no more pros left to comment on

Cons: Build your network to navigate the firm. It is a large enterprise and it is easy to get lost.
Advice: None
Pros: Established OEM that is adapting to innovate like a startup while designing and manufacturing product at a higher level than a startup ever could.

Cons: Stressful lack of communication and trusting of management
Advice: Take care of your employees not the shareholders. So that the employees produce a better product and make more money for the shareholders.
Pros: Health dental vision insurance for the family

Cons: Bad with professionalism and could’ve been way better.
Advice: Need a lot more help with helping with jobs on time.
Pros: Great with helping costumers and directing them in the right direction

Cons: Sometimes it is hard to get to the next level promotion. There are too many people working on the same level for years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. always comes up with challenging technology, collaborative environment. Enjoy working here for last 20 years

Cons: Some leaders can be frustrating to work with. Stuck in old ways, and old management styles.
Advice: None
Pros: Good overall company culture and benefits. Executive vision seems to be clear and beneficial to society.

Cons: Company bonus has been cut and you are over worked.
Advice: Have realistic expectations for your employees and a structured training process.
Pros: The salary is competitive and a merit increase every year

Cons: Communications are very poor.
Still a lot of "old-school" type management personalities.
Advice: Overcommunicating is better than not doing it at all. Please look at mid-levels for "re-structuring"
Pros: Great products being introduced and would like to be a part of the turnaround

Cons: The workers needs need to be taken into consideration more
Advice: If you keep the employees happy and morale up, then the employees wouldn't mind coming to work for you everyday.
Pros: The benefits are somewhat descent, and the profit sharing checks.

Cons: Make great products, although the employee discount could better or have a lease program for employees similar to the other auto companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Make great products, working hours are pretty flexible and the vacation time is real good, along with the holidays.

Cons: Not much new technologies introduced as part of migration in the existing project.
Advice: None
Pros: Will allow to know more about the the legacy system which the system interacts with.
Data transport layer can be understood in depth.
Bussiness oriented model can be learnt.

Cons: Outdated tech, not current on IT trends and where the market is headed.  A lot of the stuff that was put in over the past few years is no longer industry standard
Advice: Bring in fresh IT talent and bring in management that can anticipate technology trends.
Pros: Chandler is a great place to work, a lot of good benefits to working at GM including discounts off cars for friends and family

Cons: 1. Typically problems of a large Manufacturing company - Career progression not there for mid-level onward
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Significant amount of Technology
2. Great Opportunity for people starting in the Career.
3. Great company to work for if you get a good Manager

Cons: Long hours, limited comp time
Advice: Treat your IT staff like they are a valuable piece of the puzzle of a successful business
Pros: None, treat you like a cog in the wheel then toss you aside for cheap college graduate labor

Cons: GM will come and close down or shut a shift down at will and force you to move hundreds of miles away
Advice: Treat the people as you wish to be treated
Pros: Great pay and benefits, major holidays paid,

Cons: With any job some people have a sense of entitlement. But overall it's a good job.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to try different venues of work, advancement is definitely a possibility, and most people are good to work with. Management is very supportive.

Cons: Large company makes it very difficult to create work relationships, many clicks.
Advice: Don't be a desk manager, get out of your office and work with your people.
Pros: Many opportunities to work with a variety of people and get to meet new people virtually every day

Cons: Many employees approaching retirement create a more conservative atmosphere.
Advice: They are very kind but they need to listen to employees regardless of work experience, instead of discounting newer employees.
Pros: The management does treat you well.

Cons: If you are at the wrong location hard to get out. Some career advancement not as quick as should be.
Advice: 
Pros: Great experience and people. If in right location you have the ability to work on great projects.

Cons: evaporating benefits, lack of resources, lack of communication, no pay raises
Advice: Stop creating executive jobs, start staffing the plants with employess, not temps or contract people
Pros: the people in the plants

Cons: a very slow moving dinosaur with people at the top that do not have sufficient experience in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: big, can learn a lot, can get into some very exciting programs if you are in the right spot and at the right time

Cons: Huge cultural and management problem.
Advice: Think GM first, not yourself first.
Pros: Pay is competitive, particularly in the area of mechanical engineering

Cons: the leadership culture inhibits job satisfaction, they are too clicky and need to be more results-oriented than they currently are.
Advice: Leadership culture change is needed, needs new blood or ideas, should not be so inbred.
Pros: good benefits and strong resources

Cons: The corporate culture can be a bit old-school
Advice: Continue to focus on defining who we are, what we build and how we work.
Pros: Wide variety of career possibilities, excellent pay and benefits, fun products

Cons: Working with Hourly UNION workers were difficult due to union mentality.   Also, too many layers of management.
Advice: None
Pros: Career Advancement was supported and encouraged.  Education & Training was a part of GM Work Life.

Cons: Required to do A LOT more than initially hired to do. Business is kind of a mess.
Advice: Control your employees a little better. They pretty much run the show.
Pros: Pretty laid back environment. Decent pay for no prior experience.

Cons: Auto industry has had its challenges, especially in Michigan. Disadvantages for newer employees that will not have benefits as senior employees.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is an employer of choice in this area. Increased opportunities for growth within company. Valuable reference

Cons: High deductible health care plan costs more than I had at a supplier. HSA contribution is also lower, $1500 for family vs $2000. Results in net annual deductible of $2200 vs $600.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, health care benefits are not industry leading

Cons: Very difficult environment to work in.  Old ways of thinking.  Need gray hair to make level 8 employee.
Advice: Time to start promoting and keeping the younger employees and their ways of thinking.  Millennials are taking over.
Pros: Fantastic benefits and days off.

Cons: Repetitive work that hurts you long term, no matter how much ergonomics they employ. Soul sucking hours, lies from the union.. ect
Advice: managment is contractors, nothing i can say would change how they act
Pros: Good Pay, overtime as far as the eye could see

Cons: bad management, and GM does not treat the employees right. working us to the bone.
Advice: Treat your employees better and when you say your going to do something do it. Don't get thier hopes up then crap on them!
Pros: Steady Work, decent insurance, overtime

Cons: you will work a lot of hours to make a lot of money and this position comes with a high level of stress
Advice: None
Pros: the pay is very good and it will teach you to establish very good communication skills and negotiating skills

Cons: Lingering stigma of Detroit location makes it hard to attract people. They should totally rethink that perception.
Advice: None
Pros: Dedicated people working in diverse energetic teams. Interesting challenges leading edge areas of engineering  Surrounded by nice communities with vibrant cultural and social activities.

Cons: Requires 3 - 5 years to advance to 8th level if not part of Track Program or Manager High Potential List
Advice: Keep on doing what is necessary to ensure long term profitability
Pros: Lots of opportunity as many managers are retiring

Cons: Leadership is misdefined and distant.
Advice: Strive for team environment on a smaller level. Observe train and promote people who are leaders. Leader is not a title. It is a set of character traits.
Pros: Good future and career with countless opportunitieis to grow and advance.

Cons: Lots of opportunity for people who want to be involved and make a difference.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is doing progressive things such as a Relaunch program for people who have had a career break, partnering with Girls who Code, to name a few.

Cons: Had lot of people trying to steal trucks called GHOSTS (trucks with no paperwork)
Advice: None
Pros: Nice workers,  excellent hours and pay,  had own office with 3 monitors.  Caught ghosts(trucks with no paperwork) I made up the VIN numbers

Cons: Organization structure is still very hierarchical.
Advice: Try to have more opportunities to advance within the company.
Pros: Everyone I interact with is always very supportive to help me out and work on cross functional projects.

Cons: None just want to work 40hrs or more.
Advice: I'll never let you down. I'm always on time and I'm willing to work at the best of my ability. To better the company and my self.
Pros: To keep active help the company when need. Keep production in good quality and if repairs are needed they get done correctly. I'm looking to grow with the company.and learn more.

Cons: It can be difficult to manage your personal career moves with all the opportunities available which is a positive.
Advice: None
Pros: Great start up feel from being in sourced a few years ago. Lots of learning and training opportunities to network across functions.

Cons: Large Corporate Setting - there is a drive to keep everyone at a fairly equal compensation regardless of the projects, extra responsibilities taken on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Strong Leadership Teams
Opportunity for Growth 
Competitive Salaries

Cons: Many levels of management make it difficult to find common path for plans.
Advice: Improve the level of trust from the CEO to the mfg floor.  Reduce the levels and bureaucracy required to make improvements.
Pros: Large company has lots of opportunities

Cons: Layed-off after only 7 months. Moved for the job. Give no severance. Boring atmosphere. Nothing provided (coffee, snacks, etc., all very expensive)
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going atmosphere, nice private cubicles, some training provided

Cons: No vertical promotions, only lateral.
Not very many benefits.
Advice: To retain your best employees, it is important to have competitive compensation, and transparent paths for career advancement.
Pros: GMIT is a great place to be exposed to new technologies.

Cons: Company lacks strong leaders.  Orders from the top are followed blindly.  Most, if not all research and marketing work is outsourced leaving Marketing managers to manage vendors.  Your future is dependent on how much you brown nose.
Advice: Ha. Management would not listen anyway
Pros: Working in RenCen is great, a full lineup of cars downstairs and nice views along the Detroit River.  Good perks

Cons: Lay offs, and when we go out on strike 😪
Advice: All ways treat your co-worker the way you want to be treated.
Pros: You help create an automobile,and you get to work with awesome people from different cultures. 😊

Cons: Slow pace, bad IT support, could be boring if stick on a project for long time
Advice: Could add more rotations and cross project collaborations
Pros: Great learning opportunity under lots of experienced peers. Projects are diversified and interesting. Environment is friendly and supporting.

Cons: some political drama in some groups or divisions
Advice: Listen to all of your people not only your favorites, or the folks that work at your office.  Listen to all of your team.
Pros: work , life balance; flexible schedule

Cons: Can get stuck doing work that's tedious, repetitive, and not very engineering-heavy, simply due to the size and bureaucracy of the business
Advice: None
Pros: So many different roles. Lots of interesting challenges and things to learn as an engineer.

Cons: Too big for it's own good, management may not understand it's own resources fully, when realigning. Blind leading the blind.
Advice: I think management needs more understanding of it's own resources, when making alignment decisions.
Pros: Benefits, Opportunities, A great place to start career.

Cons: Poor management compassion for lower level employees. Or average employee that's not part of the buddy system.
Advice: Treat everyone the same...all are important. Have more compassion
Pros: Great benefits, great pay &amp; bonus,and people in direct organization. Lots of opportunity to learn advanced skills.

Cons: Lack of respect from management, poor work life balance, antiquated idease and technologies; NOT A HIGH TECH COMPANY
Advice: Go back to Business School and learn 21 century ideas
Pros: Pay and Benefits are good

Cons: Long hours and high stress.
Advice: Care more about the users that are losing the help we in IT provided so that they can get their worked done.
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Worked with other very capable peers.

Cons: GM is a horrible company to work from.  Leadership is not transparent and will work you to the bone, then let you go during the next downturn
Advice: Take a good hard look at your current leadership team and ask yourself if you have the right people on the bus
Pros: It was a great place to work for until a few years ago

Cons: A little risk averse and changes are calculated very carefully ; so may seem a bit slow
Advice: None
Pros: Learning and Processes; Large a company - many opportunities to move

Cons: Flat rate pay, never actually know week to week what your pay will be.
Advice: Change pay system.
Pros: Great work environment and the best training in the business. Paid training and paid ASE testing. Benefits are non existent.

Cons: Not so good treatment of programmers.  Long hours, not good advancement prospects, and lack of Continuing Education.  Managers and Directors go to really cool conferences but lower level employees are only allowed to use whatever resources are free online to learn new skills
Advice: Stop preferential treatment for level 8s and 9s
Pros: Cool building with nice standing  desks, double monitor setup, and a walking track!

Cons: GM itselfs, layoffs, stuck careers all over the place
Advice: They know GM already, just need to do something.
Pros: Location, 401K matching, cars, Detroit

Cons: Good old boys network still exists
Advice: Take a closer look at workers doing actual work. Flat rate bonus should be implemented across all levels.
Pros: Benefits, salary, paid time off-all good for white collared workers.

Cons: Favors college grads more than currently experienced middle age employees.
Advice: Develop a program similar to your TRACK program for current employees
Pros: Good environment for those who want to be fasted pace and challenged

Cons: Early development process requires lots of long, boring meetings, direction changes often and lots of layers of management to go through.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, work flexibility, global company, interesting new projects and vehicles to work on.

Cons: Too large and too old school
Advice: Promote from within , let many of the old school managers go. Their way of management does not relate to the new direction that I think GM would like to go.
Pros: American company . Treats employees well.

Cons: Processes and poor tools really drain any enthusiasm employees have to come to work
Advice: Stop promoting people that are technically inept, you are dumbing down a once great corporation.
Pros: Certain areas of the company get to live with the product

Cons: Long shifts, Seen no real chance of advancement
Advice: Focus on job differentiation, find a way to keep the employees interested in what they are doing
Pros: The pay was awesome, lots of overtime

Cons: &gt; Inconsistent policies
&gt; "Flavor of the month" approach to business
&gt; Insecurity at work
Advice: Be cognizant of team's needs as opposed to just being focused on self-promotion.
Pros: &gt; Global exposure
&gt; Negotiate from strength
&gt; Good package

Cons: What the motto is versus the actuality is not always the same.
Advice: Listen to the people that actually build the cars. Paper theories don't mean squat in reality.
Pros: There are many opportunities with this company.

Cons: Management, in my experience is not always willing to discuss self improvement in a meaningful way.
Advice: Take career development more seriously.
Pros: There have been many opportunities to move positions.  The salary has been good.  There have been good bonuses.

Cons: There's plenty of opportunity for big stupid poopy heads. If you have a degree AND are a complete moron, you're set for life. When you screw up the taxpayer bails you out.
Advice: Keep rewarding incompetence: you'll run yourself into the ground soon.
Pros: There's no place here for geniuses. Problem solvers are dreaded because their superiors feel inferior. There is a total lack of integrity and a severe shortage of intelligence.

Cons: Can have too many politics. Technology adoption is slow but can be surprisingly  fast when an exception is made.
Advice: Go for innovation, do not try to blindly follow buzzwords like IoT.....
Pros: Much more aggressive after bankruptcy. Often fast paced and exciting

Cons: Relocation, long hours...a lot of times GM isn't perfectly clear what they want you to do
Advice: Have dm's apply for various regions instead of relocating them
Pros: Flexible, time off...large array of experience in marketing , consulting, finance

Cons: Very process driven that can sometimes constrain creativity.  Many roadblocks, beater & trackers to overcome during product development.  Still some senior managers that should be cut.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work-life balance.  Can have flexible hours. Culture is improving.

Cons: Too many people with “savior” complex. People really need to have and respect better work/life balance boundaries.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for personal and technical growth. The work is interesting, even though there’s a little too much at time.

Cons: Some old GM blood constraining the effort of Barra et.al
Advice: Offer more buyouts to older employees who have been slow in adopting and adapting to the new reality of GM as a tech company
Pros: Salary, Benefits, Opportunities to grow

Cons: There are a lot of processes you have to go through just to complete simple tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, the company is trying to be more forward thinking, opportunities to change teams if you are not satisfied.

Cons: Get treated like dirt. Over worked and then you get told you are getting laid-off. Working here is like are locked in a prison with no windows. Hot. No air conditioning. Poor management. No communication. Gossip Central. Everyone wants to know your business. If you want to see your children grow up, DO NOT WORK HERE!
Advice: Go back to school and learn how to manage.
Pros: Pay &amp; bonuses. Learning how a crappy vehicle is built.

Cons: Big company, easy to get lost in the shuffle in terms of moving up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: My team and leaders value everyone, regardless of seniority. I have the freedom to work on what I want to work on (within reason).

Cons: The salary growth after your first 3 years will be very slow. It looks like most raises will come from promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is decent, good salary growth for new college graduates, a lot of potential for career growth

Cons: Upward mobility is a little slow. However, lateral moves seemed easy enough to make.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits.
Forward thinking.
Love the change in culture and direction from Mary. The company wants to train you.

Cons: Low start pay but jumps up over time!
Advice: Some managers are controlling but just need to find the right fit and trust your employees without micromanaging
Pros: They have great trainings, great work life balance, awesome benefits, lots of vacation days.

Cons: GM does not care about the fact you have a family. They didn't issue you the family, so don't expect sympathy from them when you ask to spend time with them.
Advice: None
Pros: Paid great, great health insurance

Cons: Did not get great mentorship when I first began. Not really liking my role due to poor management.
Advice: Pay attention to your employees and how the project they are assigned can help them attain better skills.
Pros: Great benefits and relocation package.

Cons: traveling is a must for this position so being away from family can be an issue
Advice: Very proactive managers with teamwork attitudes
Is important to success
Pros: Great company to work for
With good benefits and profit sharing

Cons: Bureaucracy of the political system is getting way of producing actual work.
Marathon Rat Race of back stabbing and in fighting
Advice: I think management should make a plan and stick with it. Don't try to accommodate everyone's wishes/desires.
Pros: Office Environment:(clean, Air Conditioned, Well Lighted)

Cons: People not working as a team.
Me and Mine attitude
Not sharing informaton amongst team
Advice: Stop micro manageing and let the team work together instead of against each other.
Pros: Great pay
Good Benefits
Close to home

Cons: Tough pace to keep up with at times and work is dangerous if not properly prepared.
Advice: None
Pros: You get multiple breaks and your job is much easier than the assembly line jobs. You get to relax when far ahead of schedule.

Cons: Very low BDC pay, boring scripts we had to read to our customers...clearly trained to give these answers
Advice: Want more appointments? Lose the scripts and pay more!
Pros: Nice people, good cars, management was understanding, no rude customer, easy going environment

Cons: -no mentor program for new hires. There is training on the tools you will use, however.
Advice: -
Pros: -Work life balance
-You are the owner of the part and get to make decisions for it
-Company is always looking to make employees happy.

Cons: Lack of work-life balance. Global support means being on call 24/7 even on vacations and holidays. I can't tell you how many weekends, vacations, and holidays needed to be worked.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive benefits and pay. Strong team building activities.

Cons: The company treats you like a number, no real since of family.
Advice: Find a way to value your employees like you do the customer.
Pros: Ability to work alone, review claims and you have the authority to make the decision on the claim.

Cons: Can at times be overwhelming with how much work you have to get done.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, especially for Michigan. The other people there are very polite and always willing to help out.

Cons: The worst thing about working for General Motors is having to relocate, which I did three times.
Advice: Listen to people doing the job more.
Pros: The best things working for General Motors was the pay, vacation and health benefits.

Cons: Matrixed organization made working life very stressfull.  Lab management was not cooperative, too difficult to get lab work done, lab operated limited hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Technical Challenges, good products, some good lab facilities.  Some great people to work with.

Cons: difficult to move up or have a work life balance.
Advice: Provide better career path and don't through employees at a problem (new job role) just for headcount.
Pros: Company doing well.  Great pay and bonus.  Job stability.

Cons: Constantly layed off. 2 weeks every other month. Sometimes a whole month long. It also takes 2yrs to become permanent.
Advice: So many people wouldn't leave the company if you hired them sooner
Pros: Raises come yearly and you begin with decent pay

Cons: I personally don't have any.
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: Great benefits, lots of options to move up or laterally for different work, great pay, great hours and great people (in the area I work at least)

Cons: There aren’t many opportunities for advancement without a ton of politics. No everyone wants to work on the assembly line for ever.
Advice: Help someone advance their career into management or corporate from the line.
Pros: I have a job make a nice income.

Cons: Lots of people choose to slack off pushing workload to responsible developers. But they are really nice people :-)
Advice: Innovation can come from anywhere, including failure. Doing the right thing is more important than being right.
Pros: Flexible hours/work from home
Friendly co-workers

Cons: sometimes upper management makes decisions and keeps lower level employees in dark
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, they have a lot of stuff they organize outside of work for employees

Cons: Black Monday and the head count reductions this month leave me troubled.
Advice: None
Pros: I was with GM since the first IT department  in 1999.  For almost 20 years, there were great opportunities and I grew with the organization.

Cons: Ambiguity from management, uncertainty of performance
Advice: Sometimes the old ways are not best, seek input from lower level employees
Pros: Benefits, exposure to industry, room to apply yourself and grow

Cons: Must be completely on-point with knowledge and action items when an environmental emergency occurs.  Leadership has reorganized multiples times in the last two years.  Very disorganized in leadership messages.
Advice: Remove complexity.
Pros: Great working hours, flexible schedule.

Cons: You may end up doing totally different work than what you are hired for.

Most tools are so heavily customized that you cannot translate meaningful skills outside GM.
Advice: 
Pros: Very professional and courteous team members.
No micro management. 
Good pay and benefits.

Cons: Most managers doesn't spend time on  job training for their employees.
Advice: If would be good if management focused on training their employees when they transition into new positions.
Pros: Very generous vacation and holiday time-off.

Cons: Dated technology, lots of bloat and leadership is more concerned about politics then creating functional tech
Advice: None
Pros: Great for developing experience for new college graduates

Cons: Worst co-workers I’ve ever worked with, people sleep on equipment, no recognition for hard work, no consequences for poor work, unpaid lay offs for temps,
Advice: Hold people accountable
Pros: interesting work environment seeing new vehicles being built

Cons: Prevent management politics hindering your growth by connecting with respectable co-worker or senior leadership to help you navigate the workplace bureaucracy.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse extra-curricular activities (if your job/manager allows time for it). Recognizable brand name.

Cons: The product development cycle in the auto industry includes a long lead time. If you need to see the results of your efforts, you may have to wait a few years.
Advice: None
Pros: We work on a lot of different and interesting stuff.

Cons: GM definitely feels overly bureaucratic and slow at times.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is such a large company that takes on so many different tasks within the field of engineering, that there's no shortage in diversity of opportunities

Cons: not seeing any downsides, since the company is so big, building relationships with the right leaders may be diffcult
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to learn and enhance skillset
Have many opporunities to actively engage in the future technologies

Cons: No complaints. Everything has been going smoothly in my first 6 months and my managers and co-workers are great!
Advice: None
Pros: There's really good benefits and it's an amazing opportunity to launch a career as a software developer.

Cons: There is no work-life balance.
Advice: get your people time off to recharge.  No ones cares about the floor though and treats them as disposable.  I would give work/life balance zero stars if I could
Pros: Compensation and benefits are good

Cons: Work a lot of hours and Saturdays
Advice: I have no advice for management
Pros: Good pay and with benefits

Cons: no work-life balance. Tied to production and plant schedule all the time. Work almost all holidays.
Advice: Pick good leaders.
Pros: Great benefits and total compensation. competitive pay relative to the area.

Cons: You can be switched to any shift at any point. Horrible representation from the union. Bosses are extremely stuck up and only care about numbers.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay raises every year. Bonuses. Great benefits.

Cons: work-life balance during COVID has been non existent, direct leadership has no idea what is going on
Advice: please screen who becomes people leaders.
Pros: Great benefits and flexible work schedule

Cons: It's a massive large company that is trying to change culture but my experience has been unchanged in 7+ years.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a massive large company spread throughout the world with a diverse, smart workforce.

Cons: Too slow! Too many meetings. 20% people doing the 80% work.
Advice: Be harsh to the employees!
Pros: Probably the best work-life balance. Sometimes you work less than 30 hours every week.

Cons: Upper management never sees your efforts or commitment - lazy people are rewarded just as much as the hard workers.
Advice: College kids are not the answer
Pros: Great team - great benefits - a good bonus

Cons: No free snacks, drinks, or even coffee for employees.
Large company = beaurocracy, red tape, etc.
GM is an automotive company before it is an IT company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
Yearly bonus.
Opportunities for vertical and lateral movement within the company.

Cons: - Low starting pay
- If you get put into a data management role, you're stuck there for at least one year.
Advice: Pay more and place people for what they're hired for
Pros: - Great work life balance 
- 401k
- Co-workers

Cons: Political, and difficult to move into leadership role, unless you put in major hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience! Salary + bonus is benchmarked well! Work environment safe and clean, been updating to open concept last few years.

Cons: bankruptcy, relocation to keep jobs, market share down,
Advice: downsize Detroit corporate office staff to match size of new GM.  You have dumped half vehicles (Saturn, Pontiac, Saab, Hummer) but still have all of the silo's
Pros: good pay, overtime, pension,little travel

Cons: Too big, too impersonal but seems to be taking off again.
Advice: You are going in the right direction.  Get rid of the government ownership.
Pros: Good union company so the salary and benefits are a positive.

Cons: Don't always reward employee's for outstanding dedication
Long hours
slow to none advancement
Advice: Open your eye to who is keeping the business running, and take care of them
Pros: For the most part it's stable
Pay is better than most
Benefits

Cons: just the long hour that u have to put in
Advice: real easy to get a long with
Pros: good benefit in good pay in there  r good people to work with.

Cons: A lot of walking varied hours two hour commute
Advice: More companies should have training available for all jobs within their jurisdiction.
Pros: Great company to work for?  the efficiency of this plant is great

Cons: Still very vertical org chart, sluggish culture, group think problems
Advice: Flat org structures, how to empower groups to be entrepreneurial within the broader company
Pros: Smart people, GM takes care of its employees really well with great benefits and such

Cons: Revolving door management that has improved somewhat since advent of new CEO. Lots of internal politics and positioning among leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall a good learning experience. Good travel opportunities. Lots of variety in jobs. Most team members possessed strong desire to succeed.

Cons: I know Silos and Politics are nothing unique, but pretty bad at GM.
Advice: Act like you care more for the people and less for how you look,
Pros: Great products that are easy to represent.  Inspire pride.

Cons: Over extended, highly regulated industry, no growth in stock price, fierce competition, mediocre brands, managing up is still the key to advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Co-workers, resources and established processes.  Great place to learn the ropes.

Cons: Bad weather, slow environment, slow career growth
Advice: Value talents more over experience, attract more dynamic people, reward individual performance rather than group performance.
Pros: Good salary for Michigan expense, good work life balance

Cons: Layoffs are concerning with mgmt
Advice: Make an environment where employees want to stay for right reasons, not just for salary compensation.
Pros: Good benefits and gives ability to work from home when necessary

Cons: Upper management is sometimes disconnected with how things work on the ground level - leads to wasted resources on projects/initiatives that everyone else knows is a waste of time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits/pay/PTO, flexible work schedule

Cons: The speed to get decision or results
Advice: Continue driving change and improvements for the customer on the GM products
Pros: Tons of opportunity
A lot of collaboration
Friendly work environment
Support from leadership

Cons: - 2yrs of new-grad hire lvl of jobs
- not so exciting projects(depends on location of work)
Advice: None
Pros: - decent benefits(401k matching, health benefits, average starting pay)
- good mentorship, management
- great place to learn about big enterprise ecosystems

Cons: General Motors is a very large company so trying to see your accomplishments can be difficult at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits and very knowledgeable staff to help you understand their principles and goals.

Cons: Can be incredibly bureaucratic. What's the point of learning if the doing can be lacking?
Advice: Simplify organization
Pros: Global company where finance function matters. Opportunity to learn a lot, great pay and benefits for the area.

Cons: Work with a lot of chemicals in a foundry, temp was very hot inside building
Advice: Manufacturing for trucks right now with that chip shortage is hurting everything
Pros: People were easy to work with, got paid twice a month.

Cons: Large company with a lot of bureaucracy and process. Career development is best measured in decades, not years.
Advice: None
Pros: Company with a clear vision and a renewed culture. Fun to be a part of bringing about Zero-Zero-Zero.

Cons: Good Ole boy system in management and the union. Mandatory overtime. No work structure. No support from superiors.
Advice: None
Pros: You will make a lot of money. Bonuses. Quuck Job advancement if you fit a certain profile.

Cons: Union can get in its own way at times. Work fluctuates causing layoffs.
Advice: Find more opportunities for skilled guys to use their true talents.
Pros: Excellent wages and bonus structure. Union protected work. Excellent hour once gained seniority.

Cons: Work hours in manufacturing plants are really long. Expected to work more than 9 hours every day.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary employees at GM are nice for the most part. They help you get acclimated and guide you to be successful.

Cons: poor workmanship, disastrous air quality, noise, work 7 days a week, 
total lack of leadership, dirty toilets without ventilations.
lack of parts, savings on everything.
Advice: they  have golden parashoots, no need for advice.
See Richard Wagoner.
Pros: money,  diversified technologies and equipment

Cons: No support from management. They throw you into the fire and expect you to deal with Union.
Advice: Provide more support
Pros: Opportunity to manage teams and operations at a very young age while earning some extra cash for overtime hours

Cons: Too many people married to their job and the company.
Advice: Don't expect people's lives to revolve around the job. Work is just a tool of life.
Pros: Can easily change job functions. Depending on the team, it can be very relaxed.

Cons: The automotive industry has it's ups and downs
Advice: None
Pros: GM is an excellent company to work from.  The benefits are great and leaership is transparent and honest

Cons: Benefits, management, work environment, lack of upward mobility
Advice: Erase the poor management. GM is notorious for poor leadership! Fix the issue!
Pros: Pay is decent. They pay enough that you won't go anywhere else.

Cons: Outsourcing jobs to contractors. Never commit to future products. Expected to trasfer to other plants out of state or quit.
Advice: Show loyalty to your workers and the community your plants are in.
Pros: Good pay and Benifits. Steady hours

Cons: Too many Indian (India) personnel who cannot articulate or grammatically communicate effectively. India people given opportunity over Americans.
Advice: Clean Management - Get new Managers.
Pros: opportunity to slack and waste lot of time

Cons: Still considered a temporary employee even after working there for almost 2 years. There were many people that had been working there much longer than me still classified as a temporary employee.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent entry level pay, benefits after 90 days

Cons: Innovation has a hard time maintaining a foothold in processes that like predictability and business certainty.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a variety of areas to work in and you can cross the borders between departments through networking and career building.

Cons: None yet, I haven't been in office
Advice: None
Pros: The amount of learning that they provide will exceed your expectations. If you keep up with the trainings, you will for sure succeed in your career.

Cons: A ton of hours and no back up from management.
Advice: When  someone is being falsely  accused of something  look at every fact before you just get rid of them.
Pros: Very Good Money and Profit Sharing .

Cons: Culture and most everything else
Advice: Learn how to leverage the skills of your teams.  Don't turn them into mini me.
Pros: They pay a lot and benefits are good.

Cons: It is hard for young people to grow career fast. Promotion is very slow.
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a very friendly work environment and flexible schedule. It can balance life and work well.

Cons: Difficult to move into different assignments once established with expertise in a given discipline
Advice: Provide more opportunities for cross training and enable movement among functional teams where applicable
Pros: Innovative technology across Linux and Windows platforms, with containers and build automation

Cons: 10-15% of your fellow employees are not pulling their weight and the work will fall on the over achieving employees regularly.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, good upward mobility. Your career aspirations are only limited by your desire to achieve them.

Cons: High pressure from all over and old school management
Advice: Be more flexible and learn the value of work life balance
Pros: Good salary, depend on the manager you can be very flexible
Lots of resources and knowledge to learn from

Cons: need some luck to do the task that suit for you. too many managers, salary is less than other company
Advice: None
Pros: the work life balance is really good!! people are nice and easy to start as the first job of career.

Cons: The automotive industry is not my cup of tea. Working there became technically boring.
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed corporate environment, very attuned to health and safety concerns, working conditions are very accommodating, and the pay is very adequate for the area.

Cons: Management sometimes makes some really bad decisions and dont always listen to the workers who actually do the work.
Advice: Should put more stock in what the team members have to say!!
Pros: I work with the greatest people in the world!

Cons: Location. Michigan isn't the most outdoory state, but it also could be worse!
Advice: None
Pros: Mary is the most incredible CEO. She's transforming the company and the culture is shifting tremendously.

Cons: Slow in career moves. Old GM family still calling shots.
Advice: Promote people with skill and knowledge and not just ‘yes’ sayers.
Pros: Many opportunities to learn new technology. Options to switch departments to gain more experience.

Cons: The current policies in place at GM do not talented people to become noticed or promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits; great people; interesting projects.... great job for people that want a technical career but want a work-life balance

Cons: Poor Mgmt. - They only look out for themselves
Advice: You need to be "in the club" in order to be perceived as beneficial by mgmt.
Pros: First company I ever worked for that made good on its promise about bonuses

Cons: Slow to react, conservative, don't care about career development. Promotions go to the wrong, inexperienced and clueless people almost every time.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of intelligent and talented people, vastly improved Executive Leadership team and improving culture.

Cons: They expect you to work looming hours for no overtime.  They expect you to work around the clock.
Advice: Care about your people more.
Pros: Good salary and benefits package.  Lots of cutting edge assignments.

Cons: I haven't found anything yet
Advice: Support your teams so they can grow up inside the company.
Pros: Great environment, great co-workers and very positive attitude reign in this place, also good work-life balance.

Cons: leadership has made a mess with trying to restructure and failed miserably at it.
Advice: Hire a firm that would be able to plan execute and move on quickly rather than drag everything out for months
Pros: Big company - lost of opportunities

Cons: - Still very bureaucratic despite efforts to change the culture.
Advice: - Keep the focus on your core fundamental products and don't chase shiny objects.
Pros: General Motors offers may opportunities across many career types.
- Good Pay
- 401K
- Health Care
- Vacation

Cons: Never thought they would lower their standards to laying off people to "fix" budget.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience gained, some parts of the IT organization know what they are doing.

Cons: 1) Management destroyed the Gm Cruise relationship.
2) Bureaucracy all over
Advice: Appreciate individual contributors more as we make the products.
Pros: 1) Fantastic benefits
2) Fantastic opportunities to work on autonomous vehicles 
3) respect for employees.

Cons: Long hours with few off weekends.
Advice: Work more as a team, take advantage of the people that actually are on the floor with very good suggestions.
Pros: Good pay with great benefits.

Cons: Could be daunting sometimes given the scale of operations but that’s changing
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent principles and ethics
Meritocracy based
Cultural behaviors
Current Vision and changes that we have gone through to support the same

Cons: currently being disrupted and not enough being done about it
Advice: listen to customers &amp; new employees
Pros: life long career - you can have multiple careers at the same company

Cons: Sometimes people get away with being lazy, which leads to more work for the hard working people
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership here is good. There are some bad managers, but for the most part they are on top of things.

Cons: no cons however the senior management are all interlinked very well since their days going back to almost 20 years
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, IT has good budget, technologies gets renewed periodically

Cons: Management don't care about the people they are suppose to manage. They will save themselves and throw you under the boss if any crisis arises and they need someone to blame
Advice: None
Pros: I believe the pay is pretty good.

Cons: Easy to get stuck in a position, recognition is far and in between, lack diversity, team moral can get low fast
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, flexible work schedule, several locations across country, exciting product line, socially conscious CEO

Cons: Not so good on team placement as I can tell: I was hired as java developer and placed on a UI team.
Advice: None
Pros: The work is interesting and the management is great. Also, awesome work-life balance

Cons: Upper management not in tune with the real world. More interested in CYA than looking at way to change.
Advice: Get with it, your getting your behinds beat by the quality and price.
Pros: Good working conditions, fair salary, good benefits

Cons: financial position hurt the companies ability to maneuver
Advice: Developing a culture that has a better alignment of interests turns out to be less costly in the long run
Pros: huge resources, big issues to solve

Cons: Can be stressful. Very fast-paced environment. Global nature of business requires early morning and sometimes late night meetings/conference calls.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work arrangements, great technical expertise, good colleagues. Company treats employees well and recognizes success.

Cons: small office in NYC, and shrinking
Advice: break the silos that people work in and find more opportunities to work with different people on different projects
Pros: Cars and technology, global reach, global opportunities, large scope of challenges

Cons: Sometimes I get the feeling that there isn't much room for advancement, because of the high percentage of older workers.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent salary.
Great location.
Great job security.

Cons: sometimes need to work on weekend and holiday, need to deal with a lot of non technical issues.
Advice: stream line the communications.
Pros: learn new technology, company provides training, good health care benefit, room for promotions, good work environment.

Cons: Some of the internal processes are very slow to change with a organization of that size
Advice: They are on tract to ensuring the longevity of the company as a global leader.  Keep on the path.
Pros: Excellent work / life balance

Cons: Ability to handle ambiguity, changes in strategic direction, unclear management direction.
Advice: Apply and upkeep consistent medium to long term strategies, and communicate direction to the team.
Pros: Excellent, personal development, training and growth opportunities across the globe

Cons: There is a lot of dishonesty and backstabbing that goes on here.
Advice: Work on promoting honesty.
Pros: I work at the General Motors IT Innovation Center in Austin. Pros are that it is a big company with a stable position.

Cons: Too much favoritism. Upper management does not want to know the truth about anything. If you are a yes man you won't cut it. Company will file bankruptcy again soon because incompetent people are being employed. Friends, drinking buddies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary is probably all that I can say about this company. If you want to make good money and not be promoted then this is the place for you.

Cons: Limited opportunity to advance
Its about who you know, not what you know
Many layers of middle management
Advice: Improvement efforts often meet resistance from entrenched middle management and old GM culture.
Pros: Good work-life balance
Competitive payment and benefits
Friendly peers
Professional culture

Cons: Company cares more about its image and deadlines than its people.
Advice: If you don't care about your employees, they have no reason to care about you.
Pros: Big established company.  Secure job.

Cons: Still fairly bureaucratic, still too many old school people and leaders not willing to change.
Advice: Allow individual creativity to shine through more often
Pros: Great people, great products, lots of opportunities if you're resourceful, deliver results, and network.

Cons: Cons include always being on call from 6 am to 10 pm every day including weekends. Work life balance is poor
Advice: None
Pros: Being a validation engineer gives you a lot of experience with engines and engine components

Cons: Limited technical career path
Health insurance has high deductible
Imputed income tax charged for over night drive-home vehicle usage
Advice: None
Pros: You work on cars & trucks
Pay pretty good
401k contribution & matching

Cons: Very corporate feel. It takes a long time for changes to be implemented and different voices to be heard.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Hours, Great Networking, Job Advancement, Great Benefits, Work from Home, Great boss, Unlimited access to dealer networks.

Cons: Long hours. Weekends occasional. You spend more time putting out fires than you do actual new design work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. Tough challenges and excellent co workers. It's a fun job and I love going there every day.

Cons: culture challeges between old school and younger generation
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, 21 holiday days, super cool 401K contribution even if employee doesnt contribute, good learning environment

Cons: Boring work environment and organization.
Advice: More activities and events, along with free snacks and coffee.
Pros: Great benefits and office space/location.

Cons: Being such a large company can make getting certain things done tedious.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits housng / events / competitive pay. Found a lot of the interns were very fun to hang with in and out of work.

Cons: Career advancement is limited for senior engineers.
Advice: Provide more career options for senior engineers
Pros: Great place to work  and begin your engineering career. Plenty of knowledge and resources to learn and work on exciting products and technology.

Cons: Last pace, challenging The last year I worked there was 2006
Advice: Treat the employees that are willing to work, instead of rewarding the ones that don't
Pros: Good pay, excellent , 401 K, Holiday pay,

Cons: There are quite a few employees who are subpar
Advice: Utilize HR Dept to legitimately fire/remove/demote underperforming Employess according to corporate guidelines
Pros: Prior Pension and Retirement benefits

Cons: You are not a regular General Motors employee. This is segregation at it best. Subsystem worker can not eat in the same lunchroom as regular GM employees. You  are treated as a grunt and  without respect, Employees are not valued, the price of GM cars are going up but the wage pay to employees is decreasing.
Advice: None
Pros: You get a paycheck that can almost help pay your bills.

Cons: There is no such thing as work life balance. You will be expected to give up everything for your job.
Advice: None
Pros: GM definitely makes it worth your while. They pay handsomely plus annual profit sharing

Cons: Disorganized, if you're not from HP or Dell you'll have a harder time getting into leadership.
Advice: Look beyond the quarter.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Interesting work. Trying to become more of a technology company

Cons: No travel or perks for ordinary workers, we just get to hear about the unequal benefits from our leaders
Advice: Address the disparity in benefits between people leaders and regular employees
Pros: Unlimited travel to national conferences, unnecessary travel to visit people in other offices - all business class for people leaders.  A lot of time is spent setting up meetings to justify travel expense

Cons: Backroom politics create a fearful and uncertain work environment
Advice: Worry more about the people you manage and less about your personal agenda
Pros: Pay and Benefits are very competitive, but they come with a price...

Cons: Very difficult to get promotion and unfair salaries. Most of the senior employees make huge money and does nothing and take stupid decision running the company down to the ground.
Advice: None
Pros: very flexible working hours and freedom. Good office environment.

Cons: They will suck the life out of you and destroy any innovative creative thinking you posess
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for young person wanting to learn how dysfunctional companies operate

Cons: Like most big companies, GM is a bit process heavy
Advice: Do more to knock down the silos between the verticals
Pros: Great team members. You get to work with great people from all areas of the business.

Cons: They were two many people so i was a bit uncomfortable
this is not a honest review
Advice: Good job
Pros: it was a very good working environment with a lot of people

this is not a honest review

Cons: Not a lot of chances for advancement
Production workers’ ideas aren’t given much consideration.
Advice: Listen to employees’ ideas and concerns with an open mind.
Pros: Pay is good for anyone looking to be paid by the hour 
Benefits are good

Cons: Opportunity for promotions are far and few.
Advice: Offer more retirement packages to those that have many years. Need to create more opportunities for others.
Pros: Compensations is competitive to the industry

Cons: Depending on rotation: there may be times where there is not much to do, could feel like glorified internship
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to test drive vehicles, ability to work with domestic and international suppliers, great testing facilities, good people

Cons: -Working with autoworkers in plant can sometimes be more complicated than it needs to be
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible scheduling (Work Appropriately)
-Very good benefits
-Work-life balance is great
-Moving towards electrification/autonomy (in the right direction as an industry)

Cons: With anticipated high growth need to add stock options/discounted stock purchasing program to mid-level/senior employees
Advice: Look @ stock option and discounted stock option programs
Pros: Great company | cool technology | interesting projects | good training

Cons: Programs move slowly at times and Michigan is not a very interesting place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Interns and new hires are treated great. People are willing to mentor you and help you get started. Great work-life balance

Cons: Pay is on the lower end of spectrum in my opinion.
Advice: None
Pros: Current team is fun to work with and we work almost exactly 40 hours, so work life balance is good. Works with various technologies which is great.

Cons: Company is too big and bureaucrat.  Compromises are expected.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of good and smart people that your can gain good work and people skill fast.  Compensation is fair.

Cons: long/unpredictable hours and saturday work
Advice: offer full time managers a half day off during the week on the weeks they are working saturdays or have worked overtime.
Pros: good pay, private office, status job

Cons: Company is extremely woke and will remind you of that with daily e-mails and training.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredibly hands off and flexible schedule giving you freedom and opportunities to complete your work when it is most convenient for you.

Cons: Although the work was good, I was expecting more in initial pay
Advice: Consider setting up an internal talent network
Pros: Worked with an excellent manager who allowed exploration and developing my own projects.

Cons: Relocating to Detroit Michigan area is not ideal
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, good opportunity, rotational program with opportunities to learn various disciplines within the automotive industry

Cons: Since it is a big company, it reacts slow to business needs. Company culture is changing slowly, a lot of useless baggage.
Advice: Lead by example.
Pros: Nice working environment, good benefits, a lot to learn.

Cons: A little too much control by the finance people who obviously have not always done a particularly good job.
Advice: Trust the true believers, and understand the customer
Pros: The place to be if you are a car guy

Cons: Not too many. Some politics still abound. promotional opportunities are very limited
Advice: Empower folks more. Still too many meetings to make decisions.
Pros: Great People
Great Resources to get things done
Great Products to promote

Cons: Sometimes feel that my work was not being noticed by superiors and did not like the rotational programs
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of competent people, good hours, projects tend to be engaging good place to work for the most part.

Cons: The location in Reno is somewhat remote.
Advice: Keep the rest rooms clean.
Pros: An excellent working relationship with all departments.  Good interface with strong communication encouraged.

Cons: Not being able to use my experience
Advice: My insight on manufacturing is a plus , and should be used to its fullest potential
Pros: Experience of assembly processes and motivating team members

Cons: once you are in, salaries would almost freeze
Advice: if you dont want existing people to leave, you cant give more salaries to new hires for the same position! :)
Pros: vacation, health benefits, 8% 401k match

Cons: If in assembly plants there is no work life balance. Weekend work called an hour before quitting time on Friday.  No retirement benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay and ability to transfer with promotions. Good tuition reimbursments.

Cons: Need to reduce cost, improve efficiency, simplify company structure, make transformation to hi tech company
Advice: Reduce cost, improve efficiency, simplify company structure
Pros: Working content, policy, environment, are all good. Developing a new car makes engineer feel proud

Cons: Less Travel and staggered organizational structure
Advice: Provide transparency to employees in the management decisions
Pros: Good Place to work. New challenging projects in Technical Center. Emphasis on Individual Capability Development. Good benefits in health care and employee discount

Cons: Under paid and over worked.
Advice: Management need to be on the same page with training and work together instead against one another. Need one set rule.
Pros: Discount on cars are great.

Cons: There are still some bad mid level management.
Advice: None
Pros: Automotive is in bull market, so rising tide lift all boats, including the superior ones. New top management seems to embrace technology/innovation etc.

Cons: It can be difficult to change positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Its a great company to start your career with out of college.  Gives competitive offers coming out of college. Better offer if you have a Masters or greater degree.

Cons: Bureaucratic in places, technologically behind the times in some areas as well
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of opportunity for data scientists, with great visibility to executives and a highly flexible environment, depending on the team you join

Cons: Managers are usually based in Detroit so unless you work there, it can be difficult to give a good impression to them.
Advice: None
Pros: GM trains you and prepares you for your job. Great benefits and company culture.

Cons: Lots of legacy code that needs updating, but management will work with you
Advice: Be willing to give up on some of the software that is brought in and start it from scratch
Pros: Great Starting Pay
Great Benefits
Nice Area

Cons: Moving up career wise might be tricky once in the company
Advice: Support current employees with mba by by giving them a chance to fight a leadership development program position.
Pros: Challenging and helps you to grow technically

Cons: not too many cons,
the parking is not always fun, and there are the occasional maintainer employees that are disrespectful/
Advice: None
Pros: everything, this place is really nice. The headquarters downtown is awesome, and the environmental is nice.

Cons: Need more opportunity for advancement
Advice: making career growth a priority.
Pros: Challenging work and lots of interesting people to work with.  Exciting product line for employees and public to get excited about.

Cons: Too many undefined directives. Not knowing where you stand within your department.
Advice: Do not make decisions without all of the info required to make the correct decision.
Pros: Good pay. Good benefits. Many good and talented people.

Cons: A bit unorganized at times with poor load to resource balance.
Advice: Refrain from increasing workload before ample resources are in place.  Allow more time for training/certification.
Pros: Many open doors for advancement and constant learning opporutinties.

Cons: Far from home. I wish they had an innovation lab closer to my home state.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is great about GM. Simply great.

Cons: As with large companies, you have to watch out for yourself or you could get lost in the mix.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, and opportunity to grow in different areas of Engineering and Business.

Cons: poor management, intelligent managers but no people skills, sometimes no knowledge of the area they are managing.
Advice: Employees are people too
Pros: Good learning experience, variety of assignments, good benefits

Cons: Hiring too many people too fast. It's very chaotic there and apps are getting thrown together without much proper design.
Advice: None
Pros: Some groups can push the tech/feature envelope. You're encouraged to push yourself past your limits.

Cons: Bad management and a culture of favoritism not based on team or individual talent engagement. Expect if u a the boss friend
Advice: Pay attention to GM IT innovation center in Austin Texas where it is filled with Dell politics and arm twisting of new hires.unfair reporting and dnt adhere to GM policies .
Pros: Benefits, employee discount for Chevy cars if u like GM cars

Cons: none that I can think of.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: Great people and managers and the job was always moving. No time to just sit and watch the day go by, always on the go.

Cons: Was in mass layoff with in the company.
Advice: Value your employees and there families.
Pros: Fast pasted and learned a lot of positions that made me valued on any shift.

Cons: Unhealthy work environment, stressful job, often treated poorly by other employees, typically union members.
Advice: None
Pros: Room to climb the ladder, get to use technical background on manufacturing floor, get to be creative and have freedom.

Cons: Could use a deeper appreciation of  dealer body.
Advice: How about a Jeep Wrangler competitor off the Colorado!  Minimum 100,000 units annually.  Good luck.
Pros: Incredible senior leadership.  Best product ever.

Cons: 50 hours a week, rotating shifts
Advice: focus more on the leaders who can teach employees how to be autoworkers and less useless paperwork that means nothing.
Pros: Pay, bonus, health care, rotating shifts

Cons: Very cliquie, A lot of people doing the minimum making big bucks. Laid off a lot of good workers.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent salary, a lot of holidays off, plus many vacation days.

Cons: Management is more concerned with playing the political game rather than making great vehicles. Overworked after layoffs. No support and mixed messages from senior leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, decent benefits, potential for good products.

Cons: Too much process, No incentives for team building, no freedom to innovate
Advice: Too much process and layers, cut it down atleast for the Austin IT innovation center
Pros: Great retirement benefits, great work life balance.

Cons: internal competing objectives,  constent reorg, wasteful initiatives, Low salary and difficult moving up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: good vacation, work life balance most of the time and high emphasis  on safety

Cons: Unions were sometimes unhelpful, management were sometimes unruly
Advice: Make it clear what you want out if us. Keep making the people happy!
Pros: They were good people to work for, security, helpful, knowledgeable

Cons: No major cons, position I was in did not have much travel to explore other facilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance. Has plenty of challenges and room to grow. Salary is great too.

Cons: Too many experienced employees around you, so it is hard to become a manager or a technical specialist!
Advice: None
Pros: relaxing and professional environment! good benefits, established analysis procedures, knowledgeable colleagues!

Cons: Some age discrimination, more opportunities for new employees
Advice: Add more career development opportunities for seasoned employees
Pros: Great company to work for, with lots of room for advancement & a good variety of jobs available

Cons: Some teams are better than others. On those teams, it may be harder to stand out/make an impact.
Advice: Great job
Pros: Cutting edge technology, fast-paced, transparent. start-up feel funded by giant corporation. Lots of learning and growth opportunities

Cons: Typical politics and bureaucracy inherent to large corporations, but the pros outweigh the cons, anything is possible with the right presentation, position and persistence.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Benefits, Flexibility, Bonuses, Vehicle Discounts, Opportunity For Movement & Growth.

Cons: Very, very strict, lot of pressure on workers, very life controlling, they choose your shift, and give you very little time off
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great bonuses, discounts everywhere, great pay especially for people with no degrees

Cons: Poor management, union contract ignored any time it can be, poor union backing.  Corporate standards are often ignored and safety of the employees is not number 1 priority as advertised.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are almost

Cons: Lay offs come at anytime.  Rumors are circulated like a wildfire everyday.  No sense of job security.
Advice: Learn honestly and transparency.
Pros: Insurance, profit sharing, union, weekly paycheck. Seeing a car built from start to finish.

Cons: Half of the managers are very poor and incompetent.
Advice: In stead of promoting people based on quotas, promote them based on competence!
Pros: Used to be a great company that cared about their employees.

Cons: -Located all the way out in Roswell
-Not the best insurance
Advice: None
Pros: - HSA contribution to make up for HDHP
-Lots of vacation time
-Unlimited sick days
-Lots of room for growth and movement within the company
-Moving compensation

Cons: some team players are left out
Advice: encourage strong leaders and give them to opportunity to grown and lead
Pros: working with Drive to Great  achieving results, actions and meeting customer expectation , delivery  on time,
