Cons: GM's senior leadership team (SLT) has gone back on their word several times over the past year.

A year and a half ago they said "work appropriately" (which allowed employees and their direct managers to choose when work at home or in office was needed) was here to stay. However, just a few months later, they started requiring us to be in office three days a week. Now, starting January, they are also mandating which of those three days we have to be in office. To make it worse, my whole team is in a different location, so I now have to come in office just to be on Teams calls all day...

Also, there have been multiple times this year the SLT said there would be no layoffs and then proceeded to do layoffs a month or two later. One of these layoffs included closing an entire IT center in Arizona with +900 people.

Through this all, SLT has not acted on feedback from employees or addressed our concerns. Work things the way they are, I would strongly recommend looking somewhere else for a job.
Advice: Listen to employee feedback and let us be where we actually do our best work.
Pros: It really depends on the direct managers you get. If you have good managers then work life balance can be really good and they advocate for you when it comes time for promotions at the end of the year.

The 401k match is also really good and health insurance doesn't cost to much.

Cons: Everything that upper management says ends up getting reneged. They said we wouldn’t have to go in office, now we have to go in office. They said they wouldn’t do layoffs, but they keep doing layoffs. Many areas are a boys club and there is endless red tape preventing promotions even with prior experience. Once you’ve been hired in at that level you’re on a certain track and everything is seniority based. There is very little flexibility in anything and everyone is more concerned with rules and structure than making sure employees are happy or individual needs are met. As a result of this one-size-fits-all approach almost no one is happy. Was severely bullied on one team by a manager and as a result they moved me instead of addressing it. Also the pay is very poor for a mid level software engineer/developer
Advice: Be more flexible with employees. Some work better from home. Some would do better on another team. Some need disability accommodation that may not adhere to your strict rules about what work should look like. Some people have families and obligations and can’t work lunches, and nights, and weekends. A lot more flexibility and accommodation would make the work environment better and more productive for everyone.
Pros: The values align well with my personal values. I believe in the importance of diversity and a customer-centric approach. Better work-life balance than many development companies but it really depends what team you land on.

Cons: I happened to land in a not so great org in IT and had some really horrible managers during my time there. One especially would bully her team members until enough of a pattern was established that people started reporting her to HR. She seemed to be friends with a higher up manager and only got moved around until she finally left the company to wreak havoc elsewhere. I also had an developer friend on a different team that got bullied out until she quit. The automotive industry tends to have layoffs pretty often even in good times, and very often during the year that UAW contracts need to be renegotiated. The performance review structure has changed recently to include more feedback from your manager every quarter. I would say GM is a better option for business backgrounds than software developers. And college hires tend to get promoted more than individual contributors due to their raise structure. I feel my skills stagnated during my time there, but some have done well, YMMV. And those I know who have left, usually make more $$$ elsewhere.
Advice: Assume goodness, what a crock.
Pros: It's a very good company for those just starting out in their careers since they tend to hire a lot of new college graduates and cater to their training and development. Depending on what area you get into, and your management, your experience can vary widely. They do have a very generous parental/family leave policy, just implemented in the past few years. They also have a very generous tuition reimbursement program. Once established, there are opportunities to apply for international assignments.

Cons: The culture of the company has taken a HUGE nose dive in the last year. Like, plummeting from a cliff sort of nose dive. It's in the basement at this point. Despite multiple assurances that layoffs are over, they lay more people off. They're gradually forcing people back into the office more and more, under the guise of cOLLaBoRatION. And rather than focusing on improving the remote collaboration experience and keeping the people, they keep the buildings and kick a bunch of people to the curb. At this point, there's zero trust in senior leadership, and I don't see that getting better any time soon. Also, pay scales for software development is not on par with the rest of the industry. They want top tier talent, but aren't willing to pay top-tier salaries (or even mid-tier really). Prepare to be undervalued.
Advice: Put trust back in your people. Show that you value them. Stop treating them as numbers on a spreadsheet and just another asset. The people of GM were your lifeblood and soul. Return to that. Earn their trust again. But it has to be earned, otherwise it's hopeless. Also stop focusing SO much on the competition, and focus on making the best product you can. The obsession with Ford and Tesla is going to be GM's downfall. Put all your energy into making GM the best it can be, and trust that that will be enough to outdo the competition, whomever it is.
Pros: Depending on what organization you're in, the work/life balance can be pretty good. Some areas can be a nightmare. But it's mostly good.

Cons: Senior Leadership has been trying to hire in the right person to change the trajectory of the company on the IT and strategy side. They hired a strategy guy - a few reorgs, but no noticeable changes. They hired a digital product guy from pixar - a few reorgs, no noticeable changes. Now they hire an Apple guy who so far has only been working to bring in people he knows from silicon valley. He appears to not really have a plan other than using this experience as an internship to learn from Mary Barra. Expected result - a few reorgs, no noticeable changes.
Advice: With a company as old and storied as GM you cannot hire a visionary to dramatically change everything. They are met with too much resistance - often from within the C Suite itself. Inertia is real and when you try to fabricate change faster than the organization can absorb it you usually degrade the culture with few if any measurable improvements to the bottom line. If you want rapid change - spin things off like Cruise and Brightdrop. Let those things incubate outside of the womb that is still really just trying to build cars and put them on dealer lots. Otherwise the collateral damage of trying to inject change could actually erode the core, and sacrifice the culture that has been hard won over the past decade.
Pros: The Mission, Vision and Values are solid. The work is diverse and exciting. You can work on literally any IT system. GM has one of everything.

Cons: You will only be promoted based on your friendship status of managers. I have trained 6 people who would become my bosses. I had the highest performance review possible only to be skipped for promotions. Your home life will be non-existent because you will be forced every weekend. You will have no training on equipment and expected to make on the spot decisions that can cost the company hundred of thousands of dollars. You're required to make a list of all the tasks you do in a day and time it takes to do each task which exceeds an 8hr shift. Rather than reduce work loads you are told to omit tasks so that the timeline matches task times.
Advice: Spend more time on the floor helping the new group leaders. Help them by showing how to make the critical decisions in a timely manner.
Pros: Great place to learn to adapt and overcome difficult situations. You are put out to run multi million dollar equipment with little to no training. You will forfeit your at home life to work here but the monetary compensation is great.

Cons: 1.People leaders within the SW space need to be reduced to enable rapid collaboration.They just get in the way of workflow more than helping, coming up with processes for the sake of it. The few that try to collaborate at the working level get easily flustered but having said this there is no doubt there is year over year changes in people leaders that is going in the right direction. 2.In house SW development quality is very poor to put it nicely. 3.Infotainment design and execution is several years behind competitors , needs a complete overhaul fastest option of it being paying suppliers for the next few years to get closer to competition than trying to do it ourselves
Advice: Thanks for trying to do your best, everything written is in the best interest of the organization, Best wishes.
Pros: 1.Lovely People at all levels. This is the single biggest reason for things not falling apart 2.Decent pay ,a good benefits package. 3.A lot of new employees replacing old hands that left are doing well to cover them when provided with the right guidance and the freedom to go about their way to get work done. 4.Mary and the executive leadership are doing their best and to march towards business goals.Its Good to see executives genuinely try.

Cons: Honestly if it were my decision I would've stayed longer. The company itself does not seem to care for their workers as they shut down the entire Arizona Innovation Center leading to everyone losing their jobs, including myself. They also refused to answer anyone's questions/concerns regarding to this layoffs. Their reasoning was to be "more competitive" or "reduce cost" (total BS but whatever). They also will ignore any mention involving remote positions like the plague for some reason.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a really good job to start out and grow with experience, and even move up with you wanted to (that is if you're able to stay that long). I started as new college hire, but the transition to be a full-fledged software developer was slow but very relaxed. My team really push the idea of work life balance. Like the manager doesn't care what we do in our WFH days as long we get our task done by the deadline. I really liked that because its less pressure. On top of that my manager doesn't micro-manage. It really depends on your team and how you interact with them, but I was certainly lucky and grateful for the team that I had.

Cons: Job insecurity: during a lay-off round, sleep is a four letter word Labor is a a commodity: You're on your own. Don't get comfortable with the chair you sit in. You'll move before it's warm. Sometimes you'll move as a team, other times you'll move on your own. High expectations: Expectations aren't always expressed. You have to learn through the grapevines and they mess with your work-life balance. Example: if they give you a cell phone (pretty much standard now) it's expected to be on you pretty much 24/7 and it's not for private use. I used it as such anyway though, because I'm not going to carry around two phones. Another one: at a level 7 you're pretty much expected to work all the time. Not doing that precludes you from moving up the ladder, because it's a rat race. I recommend it, because in comparison to other US employers, GM is pretty good.
Advice: Barra has done great work, but management needs to come off their high horse and start to live what they preach about the GM family. That should be more than saving cash-back points for oil changes and accessories.
Pros: Job stability: In between lay-off rounds you're in a safe place. Work-life balance: Has improved, but there are still some old-school expectations You contribute to stuff that dreams are made of.

Cons: - Politics are big at this company (who you know, what upper management sees) - Old technologies all over the company - Thrown into subpar projects and expected to do miraculous work, just to get meet expectations on year review - Upper management does a lot of poor planning and may affect your work/life balance, causing you to work up to 65+ hours a week with no pay bump - 2 periods of layoffs in my 6 year tenure
Advice: - Plan project timelines much better (receive input from developers working project) and have experienced managers that at least have some familiarity with tecnologies, such as Angular, Galileo, Azure Sprint Boards, etc. - Give more incentives to people doing more than they should instead of working them to the ground.
Pros: - Able to gain a lot of experience in different aspects of software developement life cycle - Bonuses each February are nice when company is doing well - If you get a good team and manager, fun work with team

Cons: Since GM is moving to electrification there is a lot of cause and uncertainty on who is keeping a job and who is not. 1. The culture is very bipolar depending on the team you are in. 2. Very corporate; you don't have the freedom to provide ideas without heavy pushback. 3. work life balance is dependent on the team you are in. this could be good and bad. 4. At the SIT you feel stuck and hopeless sometimes. like your career is in a pause. Very depressing environment.
Advice: When applying to a team internally: try to shadow the TRACK engineer and ask for their opinion on the role. They should be able to show you the flaws and the goods. When applying eternally: Ask the hard question that can make you not like the job and make sure you understand what you are getting into. Not everyone is cut out for the corporates life, so be prepare to have a drastic change if you come from a small company where you carry a lot of hats.
Pros: Since GM is moving to electrification there is a lot of knowledge to be gain. 1. Gain circuit, module and internal software experience. 2. You have access to very smart individuals. 3. One gets the freedom to expand your knowledge. 4. you have free time to pursue your interest internally.

Cons: The SR system has gotten a lot better, but a lot of the work can be a series of requests and approvals you have to account for in planning. Something you cant really get away from in a company this big, but its always a risk in planning. Leadership is all over the place about layoffs and layoffs. Most the employees think its sketchy. Only main con is compensation for those who do more than others. I get inflation is a thing now so you have to hire new college hires and experienced hires for more, but those who have been here through the thick and thin are also impacted by inflation. New college hires coming in close to level 7s in terms of salary is a slap in the face when you dont plan on giving us any sort of adjustment.
Advice: None
Pros: Started here out of college and worked my way up to a mid-senior level 7. I think your experience here is mainly impacted on where you land in terms of space/org and manager. I personally loved my experience and the opportunity to grow where you are or move laterally is there. My managers have always been supportive and cared about how I was. Just depends if you decided to outshine others or not. Also an easy place to coast if you are looking for something of that nature. Work life balance has always been awesome. Management has always been flexible for me. Unless you are a slacker, annual raises were always 3-4% maybe more. Bonuses are up and down, but last few years have been good. PTO and Holidays are awesome because of the factory shut downs.

Cons: I'd like to believe that this is limited to my former team, but in my experience leadership can be quite toxic in a myriad of petty ways. My advice: trust what people here do, never ever what they say, especially leaders. They will make promises and never follow through. No one will help you if your immediate boss turns out to be awful. There is a lot of playing favorites by management. The line employees are not your friends, too in a rush to suck up to the people with the highest title. If you are Black, be prepared for macroaggressions from your teammates.
Advice: Your DEI is superficial to the point of reinforcing some very harmful norms within the organization.
Pros: As one of the largest companies in the world, GM has a lot of resources for employees (outside of benefits, which are just ok). There is training available through Degreed, opportunities to work on very complex and potentially global issues, and cutting edge software. There is also a good deal of cross-functional teamwork, so you can usually find someone who knows something about any issue.

Cons: - Pay is lower than essentially every tech company, GM will claim they want a tech presence but will always be a corporate car company first. By this I mean at a certain point the only way to make career progress is to go management route and climb through endless ranks of management. - GM invests a lot into new hires and as a result has a lot of turnover after 2 years (New hires have to pay back relocation) - Not a lot of senior talent here.
Advice: Attracting and retaining senior talent would provide financial rewards in both the sort and long run. More technical leadership leads to higher reliability / efficiency and less buggy code bases. Its more expensive to rebuild a system several times than to build a system with the experience of forsight.
Pros: - As a senior you are able to hop on more impactful teams since there is a lack of senior talent. - Job security used to be more certain but after layoffs this pro may have shifted. - Work life balance varies, a lot of college new hires like to work weekends and work late to prove themselves but this culture is not expected. It really just depends on the team.

Cons: Some of the processes and applications are archaic. They're just starting to get into true software agility. The applications that we build don't seem to have a clear vision. Requirements can be convoluted and overly complicated. Product owners aren't aware of the latest capabilities and clean design. Product owners are busy with other things and treat the applications they own as a side project.
Advice: Know the customer better. Resist appeasing a small subsection of our user base with complicated requirements. Place more precedence on creating products that serve our customers. Put more thought behind the overall direction. Put more thought behind creating a product that's actually useful and delights the customer. Consolidate repetitive effort across applications.
Pros: People are fantastic and easy to work with. Very little toxicity. Everybody just wants to do a good job and get the work done. The workload is quite manageable if you're smart (pay is lower as result). There's a lot of new momentum in the organization to become a high quality software company. Good benefits.

Cons: Job Security. Not sure how long i'll have a job.
Advice: Let the dust settle before making drastic changes
Pros: For non-software engineering roles, employee pay is pretty good, Probably best in the state of Michigan for the automotive industry at least. For the role specifically, it largely depends on your group/title for what software you'll be using.

-good pay
-good benefits (salary starts at 3 weeks and at 2 years you get 4weeks)
-17 holidays (including shutdowns)

Cons: - Recently many experienced employees left due to a voluntary severance package leaving a huge knowledge gap - An entire office of 900+ laid off due to IT office shutdown that supported GM's main online presence - Seems to be trending towards outsourcing software - With layoffs workloads have increased and has made working at GM not worth it for the average pay - Upper management has not taken feedback well on return to office - GM hyper focuses skill sets so it might be tough to gain exposure with many tools or be a true full stack engineer
Advice: Do not lay off an entire office before at least identifying the critical projects those people support. You may have just hamstrung your entire vehicle inventory online presence for dealers and customers without knowing.
Pros: - Good recognition program - Bonus payout has been great - Good relocation package

Cons: Like with many corporate environments roles usually seek many years of expertise before being considered The company has pushes a diversity and inclusion effort but hasn't been too successful following through with the strategies to the point the the CDEI officer is no longer in that position and the DEI office basically fell apart.
Advice: Actually have a more open and diverse way of recruiting. Stop gatekeeping opportunities for diversity hires, it also includes diverse experiences , not just tone of color.
Pros: GM loves an Engineer. With an Engineering degree you can move around different roles within the company. Work culture is very respectful and professional (This is at the headquarters and do not have experience working at GM manufacturing plants)

Cons: GM is on the right path and it is not an easy path. There are things that GM can control and there are things it cannot. My advice is stay the course
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Working today at General Motors require that you perform and deliver. The company is becoming more Results oriented vs. Performance oriented. If you feel you sort of like Engineering but don't love to be an engineer, then is the wrong job for you.

Cons: Lots of movement which can feel hard to build team chemistry. Big company so at times it can feel hard for you work to be seen. Culture identity crisis. Company tries to remain true to its glory days but also tries to be a tech company.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is good if you look for the right team/organization. Lots of push to build your career from mentors and peers. Has tuition assistance programs. Vacation system is fair.

Cons: Your manager can have over three HR violations within the first year of working there and while those got "investigated", nothing was done to change or improve the situation. My team was the best group of developers I've ever seen, who communicated great and worked together incredibly well...yet every single one wanted to quit because every single higher-up was awful. They do so many surveys about internal culture and performance and then grill you about why they scored low. The CEO team doesn't seem to have a clue about how to run a company to get sustainable results, and I wouldn't trust buying a vehicle from this company even with the employee discount.
Advice: Treating adults like adults would go a really long way, as would going with evidence-based studies instead of following the flow of Wall Street investors' wet dreams.
Pros: Good benefits. Decent sized teams. Interesting projects.

Cons: Not cutting edge. Generally very boring maintenance type work. Often behind the times. Management clearly doesn't understand technology. Our turnover rate was high because of this. Management is terrible. There's a million layers, with each level being bigger butt-kissers than the last. The higher mid-management are obsessed with their pointless jobs and don't care about employees at all. They spend all their time making PowerPoints about nothing and wasting time with procedural nonsense. Work life balance got way worse in 2022 around the time of all the tech layoffs. Micromanagement became constant.
Advice: Give up. Sell the company to Tesla. It's over.
Pros: Work life balance was a priority up until 2022. It used to be very flexible and focused on mental health. You get to work with some large scale projects, occasionally. Lots of room for innovation, if you're ambitious and get into the right division. Decent educational perks. They encourage you to better yourself, even if it doesn't profit them. Diversity was fantastic and seemed truly inclusive. My team was mostly women and mostly non-white.

Cons: Senior leadership has been trying to change the image of the company to imitate tech start-ups, which I think is a short-sighted mistake to pander to investors.
Advice: GM is an industrial behemoth being driven by an army of standardized beaurocracy. This has pros and cons. Don't be surprised when the ocean liner doesn't handle like a speed boat, use it to your advantage.
Pros: I'm very fortunate that I knew what I wanted to do at a very early age; design cars and trucks. If you're passionate about vehicle technology and history, GM is a fantastic place to have a career as an engineer.

Cons: No care for employees. Not a secure position even if you are the best in your building. Extra profits go to shareholders and never employees. Hired then had 6 more new college hires added which meant I was training people in my 3rd month working here(as a new college hire). Raises and upward mobility are not a thing here. Upper management lies on the daily. No expectation of good work/life balance.
Advice: Maybe care about longevity of the company and not what will make your next paycheck the biggest.
Pros: Hired me with no experience. Got to use the full stack of software processes from design to implementation and continued support. Great benefits.

Cons: Leadership is bad, not stable. Laid off thousands of workers in 2023. 401k is 3 year cliff vest. Not easy to move up. Can be slow/meaningless work sometimes.
Advice: GM's problem is their management all the way at the top. They don't seem to have a good direction and are just shuffling chairs on the titanic and getting government funding then still lay off people.
Pros: Lots of benefits, 16 days off + start 15 days vacation, 20 vacation days after year 2 (the year u turn 2). Amazing healthcare, solid 401k vest but 3 yr cliff. Amazing work life balance. Culture good day to day.

Cons: If you don't work on something that has a lot of visibility the chances of a promotion are low
You will work on things that are way outside your job description, that are other peoples 
Leadership makes strange decisions on the future direction of the company
Advice: None
Pros: If you are honest with your time estimates you won't stress yourself out.
You don't have to work overtime very often, managers are normally willing to offer time off for working weekends to resolve incidents.
You will get to work on things outside your job description, expanding your skillset

Cons: Senior leadership say seem not to care much on the impact of employers. CEO told us to assume goodness and no lay offs were happening to later on shut down an entire innovation center. New CIO who came from Apple appears tone deaf. Holds a new meeting to talk about direction and plan for the GM IT sector to completely dismiss any hard hitting questions from those affect by the shut down.
Advice: Stop lying to your employees, genuinely care for your employees. Trust has been damaged, Not sure what you're going to have to do to gain that back. Who's to say that you wont close another Innovation center or lay off more people?
Pros: Great Benefits, Great people (depending where you land), Good flexibility with work hours. Great support among team mates and direct manager.

Cons: Directors and up will flat lie to you about lay-offs when they know well in advance. GM has a history of mass hiring college grads for tech then using them to insource a bunch of projects then firing them before the 3-year mark so that they don't have to give you the 401k match. Once you save GM hundreds of millions by insourcing projects they do dumb stuff like go blow it on other outsourced software and services. Business is making all the dumb decisions and IT is the work monkey that makes things happen. Business often cuts off their nose to spite their face. Know these things and get out if they start to offer voluntary seperation.
Advice: stop the Hire/Exploit/Fire doom cycle. You should be better than this. Practice the GM values you so often preach.
Pros: great benefits work-life balance great mentors

Cons: This place runs on opinions, documentation is generally poor, and the constant pressure to fix all the problems with machinery that should not have been accepted into the factory in the first place, is not for everyone. Most people understand who work here understand this, but that doesn't fix the problem. Processes are only taught by word-of-mouth by the one person who people think know the most about it, so consistency is a bit of a myth. The company's entire work philosophy depends on salaried employees working more overtime than is worth it for them to make ends meet.
Advice: Create training programs and clear documentation for new hires to show them exactly how you want them to run machine qualifications, whether for safety, quality, or general produciton. Show them and document clearly, what your design standards are, teach them the safety standards you hold your machines to so they will know where to find them and incorporate them into their designs, and be able to spot safety problems without it being in the middle of qualifying the machine with the local safety experts. The company is not set up for rapid turnover (employees staying &lt;3 years) that will be happening a lot more because of changing workplace dynamics. The best thing for you to do to not keep relying on tribal knowledge is document EVERYTHING.
Pros: Money is great, benefits are good too. Most of the people are nice.

Cons: No one seems to listen to you, you can have all the knowledge in the world, We have done it this ways for years. Don't talk bad about other shifts you will never go higher than a Level 6A, they know about issues but won't fix them because it would make them look bad
Advice: Raises should be based on performance not merit, if the guy sitting next to me does nothing he gets the same raise as me. even though I am a top performer
Pros: Excellent Benefits, 401k 8%, Heath care, Vacation after 3 years 4 weeks, unlimited sick time, 16 paid holidays a year

Cons: Very long hours, working nights, weekends constantly, and holidays. Decent pay but way below Industry standards especially for the amount of hours we put in.
Advice: The only thing i can think of is work on the pay
Pros: Great Management that understand the nature of the work. Company is surprisingly family oriented, so management always push for employees to spend time with their family Lots of exciting projects to work on. Never a dull moment. Senior Engineers are willing to teach you

Cons: Stressed about people being fired or locations being closed.
Advice: Firing a lot of people during a big change in the industry is probably not a good idea.
Pros: Team is really nice and always helpful this include direct leadership.

Cons: - Any auto company will let you go in a downturn. 
- Senior leadership lies through their teeth
- Little transparency 
- Little faith in the company
- Lots of arrogance and pride
Advice: Humble yo'self
Pros: - Work life balance
- Wide access to interesting tech
- Relatively innovative
- Great coworkers and culture

Cons: Not a complete meritocracy. Time at company and connections do matter. Very large so difficult to get stuff done at time, or get support. Lots of red tape and convoluted systems to use. An intense amount of time is spent on diversity, inclusion, and social issues and stuff that is non constructive to the business. The company is very politically and socially involved and that can get rather annoying if your goal is to stay out of that stuff and just help the company make great vehicles.
Advice: Focus on making a good product and less about being on the right side of social issues and popular culture. Lead with sound logic and solid engineering instead of just following TESLA all the time and trying to win over wall street in a reactive manner.
Pros: GM values family time and work life balance, for the most part. Typically a very open and accepting company, very large with good pay and benefits. A good amount of opportunity, for the most part. Less favoritism and more intelligent workforce than other OEM's, in my experience.

Cons: A lot of favoritism goes on here. If someone doesn't like you in Labor or the union it can be rough.
Advice: You should not be willing to ruin someone's ability to get their time in to retire because of something 1 person has against them. You should look at what others say about them &amp; how good a worker they have been for this company. It's comical you want hourly workers that get violent with the supervisors. I guess a worker that uses the bathroom in a drinking fountain is worth more than a worker that has far more common sense to know that is a health hazzard. I would have thought a company like GM doesn't want worthless people but I have seen so many times they do. I was let go in May of 2017. I have tried to return to body shop but the union will not help me. They tell me lie after lie. The union negotiations brought back employees that had been terminated. I can't get the union to talk to me or tell me why I'm being treated badly.
Pros: Good pay. Benefits are ok. Most of the people here are great. There is a few that act like 5 year olds. The Union is great except for 1 or so that screws with people by throwing out the grievance they had wrote up. No grievance nothing to negotiate to bring them back

Cons: Management was obsessed with metrics and not with how exhausting constantly taking phone calls and chats could be especially for such a big company with lots of tech issues. Lack of advancement and transparency when it comes to promotions and movement into other companies (despite recruiters saying there was lots of mobility). Low pay, could barely save up. Some people are prone to backstabbing. My team was restructured/decimated after I left and merged into another IT support team.
Advice: Pay your people better and give them more opportunities to move up and move around.
Pros: Good camaraderie overall (some exceptions). Some team leaders are good people and will treat you like a human being. Can learn a lot on the job. Work usually ends when shift ends so you rarely take work home with you, even if sometimes you may be on call.

Cons: Won't let you schedule off doctor appointments like most companies.  You must have time available or they won't allow you to go to your appointment,

Unable to attend family functions due to limited time off.
Advice: You should encourage employees instead of threatening their job or position.
Pros: Better wages with new contract
major company
401k
Healthcare

Cons: So much sexism they should be happy I didn't sue them. My direct manager was the worst of it. He also expected me to work 6am-6pm every day and had zero understanding of technology or what I did. The entire structure was a mess. GM wants to insist that all these layoffs weren't layoffs to try and save their reputation, but they're harming all their former employees by doing so.
Advice: Maybe you should actually investigate HR reports. Also, Maybe don't let go of great employees? Shouldn't be that difficult.
Pros: My team lead was great. He doesn't work there anymore though because GM made some incredibly stupid decisions. The health coverage was nice, but 401k and tuition reimbursement don't mean much when the company lays you off before paying you.

Cons: -unacknowledged "up or out" culture". This may be recent. -internal tendency to allow individual contributors to become technically obsolete. -There is a toxic tendency to hoard (not share) information. -cross-functional transfers can be professionally very dangerous.
Advice: Hire more managers from outside the company, maybe from different industries. The information hoarding culture is especially toxic in that it seems to have been historically rewarded, and probably can't be fixed internally.
Pros: - above average pay and benefits - fantastic education benefits

Cons: difficult to get anything done with legal red tape and collaboration issues, greenwashing, human rights issues
Advice: pay all employees a living wage
Pros: big organization with great benefits

Cons: Slow to get things done with a management that seems more focused on how the company looks (for investors) than what the company produces.
Advice: Focus on getting the best products possible because they have good engineers to do so...
Pros: Good employment benefits and relatively stable

Cons: Upper management expects you to live, eat, and breathe GM. Most of them climbed the ladder based on the “good ole boy” system.
Advice: None
Pros: Bonuses… yeah that’s about it

Cons: Mandates come down with no data or explanation (especially changing their minds about working from home/working appropriately). Many of the mandates also come across as rumors that are never defined, but still must be followed. Communication is very dependent on whether you have a good boss or not.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, some teams are wonderful to work with.

Cons: The upper management was poor and short-sighted. They failed to communicate with those below them, and frequently made rash decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: My team members and those I worked with directly were always on top of things and easy to get along with.

Cons: With new leadership and constant talk of cutting cost, as well as UAW demands, it can be a little stressful
Advice: None
Pros: 17 to 20 holidays a year plus many vacation days (I get 25 days). Medical benefits is great. 401k matching is top notch

Cons: You are not allowed to Endorse your LinkedIn GM Colleague. GM goes by numbers and treat you as machines. Not so good compensation if you go for Patenting. Below Average Salary benchmark for the current growth. Managers with poor leadership qualities, biased and no clear communicators, they use you as much as possible then begin to show the Carrot to direct you using the "Horse and Carrot Method". No growth in hierarchy. Managers don't understand the team members individual skills. Drives the results the way they want it. Don't believe the existing work life balance reviews. Contain the employee concerns within the company and slowly manipulate. Unexperienced HRs that get easily influenced to managers. They make sure your compensation for higher studies never get used by keeping your busy beyond work hours. However much you deliver. There is always a QUESTION "WHY THAT WAS NOT DONE !" Clearly shows that Management has no involvement or understanding your work. ( Plays the BLAME GAME ! ) SAVE YOUR TIME &amp; ENERGY ! (You need to think Twice or Thrice here.)
Advice: Can improve diversity in recruitment as managers bring in resumes frequently biased from their native city especially from outside of USA. Listen to new skills and give them freedom, Learn to stop favoring the employees just based on their years in GM.
Pros: Company for workaholics, those who have no family, bachelors. Just a brand name in your resume. Test your patience and energy level. Teaches your management and how works it can be. You will be the SUBJECT ( hope you can visualize, what this means ).

Cons: Large, old company that can be slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: 16+ paid holidays; 3 weeks vacation to start with 4 after two years; large company that feels small as your network grows; big emphasis on rotations and extracurriculars

Cons: GM focused on college new hires and had layoffs more often then what seemed right to many GM long timers.
Advice: Words are cheap, actions say who you are!
Pros: Positive Environment with Training programs offered

Cons: Not a lot of room for upward growth except on their timeline. This is a very slow timeline. They will often keep you in place and give you more responsibilities without promotion for years.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are pretty good, and your manager will care about you.

Cons: Confusing messaging between company's vision vs actions.
Career progression often challenging to move out of Individual Contributor role even when you have real separate proven experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Time off, flexibility (even with RTO mandates). The boss makes a huge difference.

Cons: Raises, bonuses and promotions are heavily based on popularity within the plant. The easiest fact is that your raise is decided 2 months before you even have an end of year evaluation (CAP isn't done for months after raises are already decided)
Advice: Develop real and tangible performance metrics to help filter out bias in decision making. Why are raises determined before performance evaluations are even looked at?
Pros: You can take many days off.

Cons: Your experience will vary greatly depending on your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance depending on the team you are on. Good pay for entry level software engineers.

Cons: Executive goals and planning is unrealistic. Few managers have recent experience of the jobs they manage. Many of them make unnecessary changes without adding value to boost their resume. Pay relative to inflation has been stagnating.
Advice: Get rid of all the “yes-men” at the top of the company who constantly condense project timing. Stop relying so heavily on CAE and then getting upset when CAE doesn’t predict failures.
Pros: Autonomy to work how I work best and wfh 4 days per week. Solving interesting problems creatively.

Cons: These are issues I faced, but it varies on team/ org basis. I felt like I was learning how not to code for the last two years. Disconnect just one level above manager. Although manager cared about work/life balance, their manager awarded recognition to employees for working 60+ hours and during vacation during an all hands call. Arbitrary deadlines before work is estimated. Lots of seat warmers who delegate but actually do nothing. Select few are leaned on to do bulk of work. Bureaucracy where leads are promoted based on tenure, and those who are actually good at coding end up leaving. The team’s Level 7 lead was supposed to help remove blockers and deep dive into code base to better support team, but could barely code and never lifted a finger. Toxic positivity leading to inability to share issues faced and chances for improving. No time for career progression, learning best practices, formal guidance from leads on pushing code and getting feedback. Leads wouldn’t even look at code before approving, which caused poor quality code and bugs going to prod.
Advice: Get organized, don’t be a yes man, actually know what’s happening o my our team and be more critical of your leads rather than assuming they are doing what they say they are.
Pros: Week off between Christmas and new years. Work with diverse group. People in other teams who are willing to help when needed. Manager was understanding and vouched for us.

Cons: Want to work from home more. I get more work done at home and collaborate well remotely.
Advice: I don’t mind working longer on a given day when there is no commute. So much time is lost to commute.
Pros: Good work that I enjoy Fair benefits Generous vacation In recent years, great variable pay (aka profit sharing) Flexible work schedule (can start between 6:30 and 9 am; and work from home a few days weekly)

Cons: Could be clearer about potential compensation and company is (temporarily) a little disorganized due to the separation packages. However, everyone is on the same team and working very diligently and organization is rapidly improving.
Advice: None
Pros: Coming from the aerospace industry things move much faster here in Automotive and GM appears as a forerunner, making many good changes to change with the modern world. Great flexible hours and interesting work after the initial training period. Though the TRACK rotation program is now 1 year rotations (2 rotations) instead of 6 month (4 rotations), I feel like this is a beneficial change to settle in a do a good job.

Cons: Senior leadership has been terrible on the WFH/Return to office question and it is only getting worse. Lots of layoffs as well.
Advice: Let us WFH
Pros: I've always liked the various teams I have worked on,

Cons: Lost of churn over the past 3 years. New initiatives start but are abandoned when the going gets tough. Examples: Self Driving (Cruise), EV Rollout, Direct To Consumer in EU/CN, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products and large organizations to allow you to grow and move around.

Cons: There's a lot to unravel here. The technology is awful. Too many systems that are decaying and old. I kept hearing promises of upgrades that never came or even started. It was a very poor showing for a company as big as GM. Upper management is out of touch. They're too busy pointing the fingers on stuff not being done rather than actually trying to foster a good working environment. Nobody is on the same page and with the turnover being insane, it's not hard to see why. They'll waste your time emailing you and complaining about work that is already in progress. Be prepared to drop all of your important, more relevant work or somebody desires to complain loudly enough. Your day will be wasted by endless meetings. Out of an 8 hour workday, I would spend as many as 4.5 to 5 hours meeting with people that ultimately contributed nothing to my work in a larger sense. Since you have no decision making ability, it's pointless to listen to individuals drone on and on about nothing. Meanwhile, your work piles up and you get no reprieve. Since you're salary, you're not getting paid more and there is a subtle pressure to work outside of when you should. Yeah, they won't say it, but it's about the implication. Let's wrap this up with being slow at anything in terms of getting your computer, access to necessary technology, etc., and a nice big heap of poor training tools, leaving you feeling frustrated and helpless. Does this sound like a great work environment to anybody??
Advice: Think of every bad stereotype people have about the auto industry from top to bottom. Congrats...you live up to it in every fashion. You can also smell the entitlement and lack of work ethic all around. You will NEVER hold employees with this mentality, especially at the wages you do. But even with higher wages, it won't matter with how horrible the work culture is. You're beyond broken. Hopefully somebody above the higher level management in the department figures this out and cleans house. You've earned it!
Pros: There were very few pros about this position. It was nice to have a hybrid work schedule and the base work wasn't that difficult.

Cons: You can do well at GM by working hard and keeping your head down, but to excel you'll need to promote yourself more that you might feel comfortable with.
Advice: None
Pros: Senior leadership seemed to genuinely embody many of the 'behaviors' that GM encouraged for its employees. Many opportunities for training in technical skills and soft skills. Plenty of opportunities to give and receive recognition to/from colleagues. Professional environment. I worked with some of the most talented and dedicated colleagues I could have hoped for. Excellent benefits: Company match and company contribution on 401(k), automatic Roth conversion available on 401(k), after-tax contributions available on 401(k)- so you can contribute more than the regular limit.

Cons: They have major layoffs and hiring drives seemingly every 2-3 years. You, your manager, and everyone else is treated like a number. Top management are requiring RTO, but also closing down offices, and terminating most roles at said offices, so they are basically setting you up for failure.
Advice: You should probably make a decision to play it safe or play fast and loose with your money. Switching between the two every few years is no strategy. A company that has been bailed out of bankruptcy and didn't pay back the full amount borrowed from the Federal government, really shouldn't be this irresponsible again and again.
Pros: They do have open positions for newly graduated college students. The pay is at least on par with large consulting firms. They do provide a severance package on being laid off with strings attached.

Cons: Such a large company, it can be very competitive and difficult to move up in leadership
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a great company culture, and so many orgs and opportunities. Once you are in, they promote moving around within the company for career development

Cons: Toxic work environment in recent years with new leadership from tech industry, not knowledgeable about auto industry or treating people with trust and respect. Went from empowering leadership style to micromanaging, with abundant lay offs and buyouts, cutting loyal employees with bigger salaries. Switch to EV’s has been slow and painful.
Advice: Treat your people better, focus on trusting and empowering employees, not blind cost cutting based on big salaries, without regard for actual performance, or creating false/bad performance reviews to justify job cuts. Just cold and downright deceptive, no morals or ethics, just following the almighty dollar to keep paying the privileged upper executives and their big bonuses.  Pretty sad…
Pros: Pay was decent, good benefits.

Cons: Lots of down time in between classes.
Advice: The managers at the base level have too much power.
Pros: Exposure to lots of new software such as Sub-D, Gravity Sketch and VRed.

Cons: Growth can be stagnant if you stick to one role for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: opportunities to learn even if you want to try out different things. Good work life balance

Cons: Reversal of work appropriately
Management chasing competitors vision
No care for employee mental health
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Safety is top priority

Cons: - Lots of organization changes and sometimes lacks proper team direction (depending on team)
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance - Diverse teams - Ability to change area of work if you are passionate enough and leadership always wants their employees to develop their skills

Cons: The business is cyclical and you can only sell so many cars every year for so long. The company (and perhaps the whole industry is obsessed with being Tesla) ... so we will all probably be expected to work like Tesla engineers.
Advice: The industry is trying to pull-off a massive transformation during some very challenging macro-economic conditions. Frankly I don't really see a reason why we need this many cars in general- even if we can have insane levels of EV adoption: the only reasonable way to reach climate goals is to probably have more e-bikes and public transport. Not saying cars are evil ... but Management already knows that GM (and car companies) will NEVER be able to sell as many cars as they have been able to in the past. And after the whole SDV 2.0 is successful (SLT will probably fire entire organizations until can achieve this) there will no longer be a need for the insane levels of bloat we have. So ... not really advice for management but for employees ... get out while you still can ?
Pros: Good dedicated co-workers. Good bonuses ... if you aren't Team GM Minus lolz

Cons: Finding the right job can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Hands on with many new vehicles and opportunities in so many departments

Cons: Not too much pay rise
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, supportive leadership

Cons: Easy to get stuck. Job experience and culture is entirely dependent on supervisor/leader. Treated like a "number" by a senior leader - need to RESPECT employees.
Advice: Listen to your team members - a leader who doesn't listen will be surrounded by people who have nothing to say.
Pros: Highly collaborative and amazing people who are always willing to help. Great place to grow and change careers.

Cons: Shifting senior leadership values that appear to be moving backwards in employee benefits and people focus culture.
Advice: Time to replace several senior leaders that do not reflect companies core values. Do not over reach to outside leadership that do not have direct automotive experience.
Pros: Diverse company with multiple opportunities in different US and Global markets.

Cons: Some - not all - departments can get a bit corporate political w management, but if you keep your nose up and out of it early on you have nothing to worry about. Keep opinions to yourself. But this is true anywhere. GMs a great place to work.
Advice: Listen to the workplace of choice surveys, you have great talent that may be held back by some insecure managers. Other (most) managers are so amazing and uplift those they work with. Mary Barra is an inspiration.
Pros: The people you meet, things you will learn, it’s a Fortune 500 company and working at a large company has its perks. Vehicle discounts!!!

Cons: Poor management and advancement opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Global Company with a lot of capabilities.

Cons: Senior leadership team flips back and forth on very important issues such as eturning to office (Remote vs Hybrid) work. As well as saying no further layoffs then laid all of the Arizona offices off. Doesn't give a lot of confidence in them and makes employees on their toes and anxious.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, solid pay, flexible work environment, good work-life balance.

Cons: Always up and down. 3-4 good years are often followed by 3-4 years. of decline
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with many options

Cons: There has been a recent change in management, that has created an undesirable working culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, and good Benefits

Cons: Not many senior developers after layoffs and relying too much on new college hires. No stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare through Henry Ford. Dental and vision availability at low cost.
Nice office area in Warren tech center.

Cons: -senior leadership is constantly doing layoffs
-senior leadership is constantly changing wfh policies and lying
-company is slow paced and using outdated technologies
Advice: quit lying
Pros: there are not any pros I can think of

Cons: Leaders are not very intelligent. They make decisions without considering the impact on those who actually do the job. It’s a good ol boys environment. If you’re a minority expect passive aggressive, discrimination from leaders and peers. No development at all. They give you projects but you can never get them done bc of lack of training or knowledge of who does what at GM. They make stupid decisions. The work is not stimulating or interesting. If you express that you’re bored you’re  given  other tedious task. Too many meetings. Meetings about meetings. Low moral from peers. The leaders on the team never take initiative. Leadership will steal your ideas and present it to the leaders as their own idea. Toxic
Advice: Resign make room for the leaders who care.
Pros: When you first start the pay is great for little work.

Cons: Senior leadership are a bunch of liars who laugh in our faces about issues and lie every chance they get
Advice: Stop lying!
Pros: Decent pay and people around us.

Cons: Uncertainty, frequent lay off and such anxiety is common. The company is not genuine in its market performance
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good pay, good location

Cons: Company doesn't follow some of the things they preach as base values.
Advice: Stop over complicating the designs of your components, and expecting projects to meet aggressive timelines that could only be met when everything goes 100% perfect.
Pros: Managers give their direct reports Autonomy.

Cons: Rumors of layoffs was around as company has decided to save 2 B in 2023 and 2024. It's pretty scary since as I'm on visa my entire existence in US depends on Job.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is my long waited employer I wanted to work for. Since I came to US back in 2017 I always wanted to work at GM. What would be the greater department to work for than EV. I got an opportunity under one of the best manager I have ever worked for. Working environment is really great here. We work in an hybrid environment and it's pretty helpful. We get to work from home most of the time and got to go to office half of the time of the week.

Cons: No stock option, Hard to get promotions at higher levels
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Opportunities to change career, Very good to college hires

Cons: I wish the pay was a little bit more
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot in my first few years

Cons: Having to deal with union workers and only getting paid a fraction.
Advice: None
Pros: Work independently, easy income, and lots of hours

Cons: There is current uncertainty in the auto industry
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a generous time off policy

Cons: Very difficult to get promoted, even with rocks tar results there is little recognition for high-performers. Their Top-Down HR Management makes you feel like a small COG in a giant wheel. Unfortunately the company doesn't do a good job at rewarding and recognizing their top achievers. Things are way too political and promotions are usually based on "Who" you know vs "What" you know.
Advice: Stop the cookie-cutter approach to Merit/Bonus/Compensation. Each employee is unique and should be managed based on the results they drive to the organization. A $10M contribution from analyst should be an automatic Promotion regardless of "Budget Constraints" or whatever political talking points HR is sending down. Be Bold and Stand Up for your people.
Pros: GM is a powerhouse in the auto industry and there are a lot of really smart people who work there. There are so many opportunities to learn just about anything. Their Finance Org is huge and they have many different rotational programs for internal development. They have a great Health Insurance Policy, really good 401K match program (2x your contribution up to 4% of your salary). Most of the people who work there are genuinely great people. I loved working for GM because there is so much flexibility.

Cons: I dont have any cons to add. GM was an excellent employer.
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance, great benefits, excellent leadership.

Cons: Company has been great to me. No cons to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Great pay and great staff.

Cons: Travel can be quite intense depending on role
Advice: None
Pros: Above average compensation for experience

Cons: healthcare offerings for salary are mediocre at best
executives constantly being shuffled around making it difficult to "be seen" and rewarded for your work
Advice: None
Pros: good 401k match
decent pay

Cons: very worried about bottom line
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, work life balance

Cons: Only con I have is they said there would be no more layoffs and then continued to have layoffs this year, including closing down an innovation center with over 900 employees, so just be aware and ready for surprises.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun projects, great work life balance and management, and great opportunity to learn new skills and technologies.

Cons: Work-life balance can suffer sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Battery program is fast-paced and full of new engineers. Great community and lots of opportunity to learn

Cons: scheduling doctors appointments are not allowed without hours available.
Advice: None
Pros: good salary when permanent and get off temporary status

Cons: Work oerfirmed can be unfullfilling
Advice: Try to streamline your processes so people can work on the small things that matter most anyways.
Pros: Working with good people everyday

Cons: There are many layers of management, with roles divided up across business divisions and job functions. This means that every action has to be reviewed and approved by a range of stakeholders; as a result, processes are methodical but nothing happens quickly. Most days feel like one is battling process and red tape, versus being materially productive.
Advice: The employee view of management is currently negative. Management has not shown an ability to steer the "ship" on a solid and stable course. Employees want to work hard but need a coherent mission to strive for and greater confidence that the work we're doing matters. It's time for management to shape up, streamline, and work harder to empower decision making by lower-level employees instead of adding even more layers of management.
Pros: Excellent pay and, in general, good teammates to work with. Many different roles and opportunities within the same company with an emphasis on career rotation, so it's not necessary to go elsewhere if you want to do something different. Taking on "developmental roles" is encouraged.

Cons: Hybrid work model 
Too many meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere 
Great teamwork 
Awesome benefits

Cons: Upper management severely disconnected, slowly taking away hybrid work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life and decent pay

Cons: leadership team could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn as long as you have a good manager

Cons: frequent changes in management and multiple re-orgs.
Advice: None
Pros: So much areas to learn

Cons: Super toxic environment where politics are dominant. Teams are working in isolation.
Advice: Please be humble and listen to advices from SMEs especially when it comes to new business that you don't have experience with.
Pros: Good salary and good benefits

Cons: The politics, it really depends who you have as a supervisor or manager
Advice: None
Pros: Best resources and benefits that I’ve received at any workplace

Cons: Leadership that is trying hard to convince everyone that a 100 year old Automotive company is actually an innovating Tech company. They went as far as bringing in a former executive from Apple. And this bootleg version of Elon Musk has decided to indiscriminately close off an entire tech center and lay off all 1000 jobs. I'm jumping ship before the iceberg crash.
Advice: You will never be Google just be a car company.
Pros: Good work life balance. Generous time off and sick leave.

Cons: Arrive early, and up to 45 mins late, leaving. Overtime on weekends was less than standard pay. Lockport facility has some great managers. It also has bad ones. If you get placed in the outs, you are on the way out. Despite setting production records and having great report with union talent on the floor, I was terminated for "not meeting productivity standards for a group leader." On exit there was no Performance Improvement Plan. While there, I was proud of the work of my team, and how I performed. I built relationships with my team of mutual respect. I was always encouraging. Unfortunately, my Area Planner disagreed with how I managed union talent. My team actually liked working under me. I twice kept my zone from shutting down by allowed specialized tube mill operators to come in late after calling in. This avoids shutting down our zone and likely parts of surrounding zones. If my Area Planner had her way she'd have person come in and walk them back out the door for 5 days. I don't know how you get parts with discipline, and no tube mill operators!? I never had a single argument there. I always addressed people as I would like to be, and always did as asked. A few Saturdays I was 'blamed' for poor production on a Saturday, even though our shift was starting with no cores to build with (previous shift product had high fail rate). It wasn't in any way logical. When I mentioned it, I was chastised for blaming another shift. How do you not? I say proceed with caution. If you no soul, you will rise to the top there. How can you "be bold" in this place!? I got numbers, respect, and brought some light to the facility.
Advice: Fight for your talent, cut away pretenders. You will be rewarded with quality parts, and happier workers all around.
Pros: Pay was high for the position

Cons: Terrible culture
Disrespectful mgmt
Poor development
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of Vacation time
Pay
Bonus

Cons: Leadership has show very little regard and outright disdain for employees this year
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, work life balance

Cons: Long hours lack of paid overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/ 401K and other benefits

Cons: There aren't any negatives in this job
Advice: None
Pros: Always treated fairly in all situations

Cons: Red tape and dealing with some ladder climbers.
Advice: Executive level: We don't need to do the song and dance routine for Wall Street. If they want to understand our company, they just need to drive our cars. Director level: Plan more before making decisions. Don't decide on something in haste only to backtrack later. This leads to burn out on the lower rungs. Manager level: Unsung heros in the industry tbh. Keep up the hard work.
Pros: The people are great, good culture and family values. Work life balance. Much higher pay and benefits than other companies of a similar pace.

Cons: Seems there is not a lot of room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work environment

Cons: ...and then they needed to reduce costs, so they cut over 4000 IT workers in basically one day. I assume they were having difficulty saving enough to pay their CEO?
Advice: None
Pros: After 5 years, I finally started to feel like I was making valuable contributions to my group...

Cons: Senior leadership obviously does not care about their employees. Lack of transparency. Lots of hypocrisy.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is okay. Other workers are friendly

Cons: Be ready for a lot of organizational changes, internal restructuring, etc.
Advice: Keep up the good work, help ensure stability for teams so that relationships and team synergy built over a season don't get destroyed by frequent internal restructuring.
Pros: Strong Work-Life Balance and sufficient PTO even for entry-level roles.

Cons: Terrible management. Many layoffs currently happening which leads to huge crunch in most teams. "Doing more with less" is the core of GM right now. If you get a job at GM expect to be overworked at all times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, great benefits, unlimited sick days, 15 days of time off for the year.

Cons: career progression can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: interesting time to work in the automotive industry, which is transforming. good work-life balance.

Cons: Political Machine that requires managing your career and your story
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Benefits and opportunity to try different disciplines

Cons: Poor communication, not a lot of career advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice vacation and holidays, unlimited sick time

Cons: Easy to get stuck in some areas with no advancement. Employee evaluation methods are generic and don't allow for individual assessment.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive of new hires and management-track employees.

Cons: Executive leadership has been actively sabotaging the company culture. Positive working environment and popular policies have been rolled back or eliminated by executives try to force attrition of employees to reduce headcount. Forced return to office after years of work appropriately policy that was very popular only to sit on teams calls all day. Announcing layoffs after months of promising no layoffs Dishonesty and lack of communication from the Executive Leadership, patronizing corporate double speak. Company has a serious meeting problem. Meetings are all day everyday and scope is too broad. You are definitely treated as a number and can be eliminated at any time on the whims of executives to meet their share price targets. The longer you stay the more you pay slips being that of new hires even with promotions.
Advice: Value your employees more. When I started everyone liked working here. Over time things went from good to bad to even worse. Just treat us like adults when announcing layoffs instead of intentionally making the workplace toxic so that people leave.
Pros: Impressive Engineering Talent Large variety of roles and opportunities Friendly coworkers Great benefits and good initial starting pay.

Cons: at the moment, there's a wave of old hands taking early retirement and a profound feeling of institutional knowledge drain: this is likely true about a whole lot of companies now as the Baby Boomers age into retirement: this isn't a con about the company specifically, just an observation about demographics that is manifesting at the workplace in ways both acute and subtle. at the same time, GM is transitioning into a renewable EV future, and some of the technologies of the past are due for a makeover so the turnover in labor feels necessary too. but as a relatively new employee, I just wish I had more time to pick the brains of some of the people who have been here awhile.
Advice: None
Pros: co-workers are friendly; lot of room for lateral and promotional job changes; benefits are great; cost-of-living is low compared to the coastal cities, so the salary stretches a lot farther in Michigan; work is challenging but work-life balance is strongly encouraged

Cons: Management was poor constant overtime and playing favorites
Advice: Always remember your employees on the shop floor. Without them, you wouldn't have the luxuries you do. Pray for them always too
Pros: Good pay and insurance. Workers were awesome people

Cons: Depending on your director or manager, you were very much treated as a cog in the machine. To receive recognition or advance in your position, you had to join groups or lead additional meetings that generally did not create any real benefit for you, your team, or the company. You had to play politics and kiss up to people. Being the best at your job and helping out your team wasn't enough --they would say that behavior was simply expected. Further, for my role, new management would come in nearly every year and want to completely overhaul our work. However, each time this occurred, none of the new management cared to figure out what it is that we actually did. So they would try to force change through until they were met with complete roadblocks. But by that time, we'd get new management. All the while, we were simply told to go along with everything and not push back much. Middle management was allowed complete and total control of their organizations but their incentives did not align such that they would ever see a personal cost associated with their decisions. Finally, there is little to no room for advancement. You're either a developer on the ground getting things done, possibly a senior dev, or you're a manager. Any and all growth comes from taking on more work or joining additional projects. There is no general progress for your position unless you want to become a manager, and those opportunities are slim.
Advice: Get a solid middle management team with better interpersonal skills. Flatten the organization and give more trust to employees. Do more to decrease office politics.
Pros: The biggest pro for my particular role, as well as for many others I saw at GM IT were that once you had a good grasp on your position, the workload was very manageable. You could work as much or as little as possible and management had very little understanding of what you were doing. This is both a pro and a con.

Cons: Tight Project Deadlines: Software engineers usually face tight project deadlines. They must put much time and effort into meeting this project deadline pressure. It can be stressful to deal with multiple projects, deadlines, and unexpected bugs.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: If you're someone who likes to learn new things, software development can be a rewarding field. You'll learn new programming languages, new ways to use old languages and new tools to make development easier. In addition, you'll be able to learn new things about the industry you are working in.

Cons: Growth and salary are low
Advice: None
Pros: Team I work with is awesome and supportive

Cons: horrible pay, lack of empathy, lack of structure
Advice: None
Pros: interesting projects, personal development, nice manager

Cons: Communication could improve every day
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and  great people

Cons: Company lay-offs had us all on edge for months because we didn't know exactly when it would happen and we didn't know who would be laid off. While I was lucky to survive the layoffs, our managers and senior developers weren't so lucky and we were left without guidance. Most of my team that was left were new-hires who were left to pick-up the pieces with no knowledge transfers since the lay-offs meant immediate termination. For months, we had no local manager to check up on us and were haphazardly reorganized a couple times before a local manager was finally assigned to us.
Advice: None
Pros: Most of the people I worked with were great, but 3 out of 4 managers I had were people I never want to work under again due to poor leadership.

Cons: This company is subject to market trends and recessions due to the nature of car sales. They have laid off many people usually during economic down turns
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with good pay and excellent benefits. Even though they do have old tech stack (Oracle, main frame, etc.) they still used modern frameworks as well like Angular, NgRx, Java, Spring Boot, Microsoft Azure, etc.

Cons: Tech felt dated at times, large corporate structure burdens, salaries are not fully in line with the market, and at the whims of UAW despite not being a union employee
Advice: None
Pros: Positive coworkers, good work life balance

Cons: Lack of budget in areas that need to be prioritized.
Advice: None
Pros: The leadership team seems to really want to do right by the employees.

Cons: It can take a lot of effort to work around the 'old ways of doing things'.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, good people, well funded.

Cons: I joined as a female working on a team of all males and they didn’t acknowledge me. I also got no training or development after hearing all about the “New College Hire” program while interviewing.
Advice: If you tell interview candidates that there’s going to be a lot of training and mentoring, actually do that when they start the job
Pros: Work life balance Not high stress

Cons: Outdated IT applications, constant restructuring
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, pay, flexibility, vacation, global company / a lot of opportunity

Cons: Hiring Surges followed by layoffs Lack of Promotions for contract to Direct Hire Better to be on mangers list of buddy's (you'll definitely know if your not) Nepotism = Passover on a lot of dedicated/talented people Upper level managements complete disconnect from every day workers
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment - Fantastic Coworkers (IMO) Coworkers are exceptionally helpful (DECADES of knowledge to tap into) IT is pretty top notch when you have a problem Insurance and retirement package better than industry low level standards (7% match on 401k)

Cons: Could be lots of travel
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and paid time w

Cons: lot of work to do
Advice: None
Pros: very considerate and good pay

Cons: There were a lot of lay offs and VSP in 2023 (I may be jaded since I'm a part of the Arizona layoffs), despite the company making . The environment is way to volatile currently to be underpaid.
Advice: Don't underpay your developers then expect them to pick up the slack when you lay off an entire Innovation Center.
Pros: Every single person I worked with were amazing people. The people were why I wanted to continue working here.

Cons: Work some weekends and long hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun job. Hard work. Room for growth.

Cons: Still manufacture very expensive ICE vehicles not affordable by even GM employees. Heavily lag technologically compared to Electric Manufacturers. Heavy layoff culture with lot of bureaucracy and politics.
Advice: Hire and retain good tech talent and pay them well. Don't over hire and layoff the people. every 3 years.
Pros: Trying to innovate but not at the pace of its competition and languish heavily from technology and software capabilities in their products.

Cons: Culture change has been 180. They still talk about it but doesn't seem leadership follows it. Not a lot of room for improvements as they want to move people laterally to not pay them more and keep them on a job at the level longer.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits on all fronts.

Cons: The executive decision making is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance at GM was good

Cons: Could be laid off with no notice
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues are great to work with

Cons: Bureaucracy, change in direction, layoffs, executive doublespeak
Advice: None
Pros: Company benefits are good. If we ever get our act together, we can build really important things.

Cons: N/A NA NA NA NA
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good pay, benefits, and flexibility

Cons: Sometimes the job gets demanding.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are better than what many companys offer.

Cons: Some employees are stuck in their ways and try to keep job security which slows down innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Annual Bonus if meeting requirements Room for growth, especially out of college

Cons: I have a medical condition that keeps me from doing 100% of the "jobs" we perform at my plant, and it isn't fair to the rest of the workers. They also frown on me because of how many appointments I have. I am honestly not trying to make myself sound bad, but I should be doing a job I'm capable of, not keeping someone capable of doing the job that is needed. There is a great divide in my plant between skin colors, and management doesn't seem to want anything to do with the rising tensions and hostility at the plant. It is my belief that management should be the bridge that holds the bonds of work together and animosity between workers should be squashed at the door, not to hindering production.
Advice: The opinions of employees should be taken into consideration. When you work in an environment where you don't feel valued productivity falters, if the employees feel appreciated and listened to, productivity greatly soars
Pros: I like some of the team building activities my department does, as well as the new technology that my department is working with. Gm has come a long way, there's is a long way to go, but the work is worth it.

Cons: Do not like to promote. Favoritism!
Advice: Listen to your team and not be such not-it-alls!
Pros: Great pay compensation and benefits!

Cons: Too big, hard to get promotion without changing position
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, team performance is good

Cons: Vision of company changes are not going well.
Advice: Be realistic
Pros: Excellent benefits and work-life balance.

Cons: upward mobility is for their favorites
Advice: None
Pros: The people are willing to support your growth

Cons: You will never have seniority
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment 
Good benefits

Cons: Old GM is back. Leadership is condescending and rude. They don’t care about what employees want.
Advice: None
Pros: The one pro, work appropriately, was taken away.

Cons: ZERO work life balance and horrible upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and comp package is outstanding

Cons: Senior leadership is out of touch with its workers, backpedaling on a lot of earlier policies, including WFH to mandated RTO
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are very competitive, with decent work life balance

Cons: They will lay you off without warning.
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work schedule, good benefits.

Cons: There was nothing that I didnt like.
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly work environment, you get your own project even as an intern. Its very dynamic.

Cons: I can't think of any so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity for new supply chain professionals. Excellent compensation, benefits, culture, and work-life balance, especially for those just out of college.

Cons: Parking shifts management and location
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work and frequent breaks

Cons: Messy factory life with little outside life time unless you burn vac days or sick days
Advice: Train management more before throwing them to the wolves
Pros: Great Pay and mediocre benefits

Cons: Not all senior leaders are aligned with the Company values and priorities, what have been deteriorating the environment, engagement, culture and results.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a great infrastructure and good values as foundation

Cons: No official training available. A lot of on-the-fly training.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay / Benefits. Yearly Bonus.

Cons: with restructuring everyone is "challenged" to "step up" and do more work, sometimes equivalent of 2-3 people
Advice: None
Pros: its fine. its consistent work

Cons: Very few negative experiences. Great deal of learning experiences.
Advice: Continue to push for diversity and wage leader.
Pros: Over 20 years experience managing quality systems and inspection groups

Cons: Pay is lower compared to other big tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Many spaces to move and learn from, work life balance is good.

Cons: The business is very difficult to work with. They believe that they have the hand over the IT team. They make decisions and when it fails, they blame IT, and when it succeeds, they take all the credit. Inclusion is too high that impacts high performers.
Advice: Value your high performers and protect them from the business.
Pros: Good pay, good bonus, great people to work with, flexible hours

Cons: Very difficult to get promoted within your team, even if you excel. You will need to apply for a new position if you want to level up.
Advice: None
Pros: Some teams/managers are really fantastic. Great benefits.

Cons: Too many politics within management.
Advice: Reward the hard workers and promote the ones who have consistently been getting things done, rather than the favorites.
Pros: The bonuses are pretty good.

Cons: They closed an entire location in 2023... 940 people lost their jobs. This was after we were told there would be no more layoffs that year.
Advice: None
Pros: They have great benefits: 401k match up to 4%, 16 holidays and 20+ PTO, solid health insurance. Work/life balance is great, but that also depends on the team you work on.

Cons: "That's a career-limiting move" is a common thought at GM. Many are risk-averse so company progress is slowed.
Advice: Realize it's not the 1900's anymore. Whether it comes to how to conduct business or how you treat your employees
Pros: New leadership will help GM reinvent itself

Cons: Affected by the GM AZ layoffs. Morale killer. SLT practices rules for thee, not for me.
Advice: Be upfront with your employees and if you're going to require a mandate, y'all better follow the same practices. There is no reason why y'all are WFH while we have to be in office.
Pros: Learned great skills and I believe that this will prepare me for a great next position.

Cons: Senior Leadership does seem lost at times, as Standards and processes constantly change, leaving your head on a swivel.
Advice: None
Pros: The work teaches you about the software development lifecycle and also how to use company process to comply with standards. The people I have interacted with has been great too. It makes GM the Workplace of Choice in software development.

Cons: unclear career path and takes long to be promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative working environment and nice colleges

Cons: Project requirements are not realistic at times.
Advice: In depth review and improvement strategy is required for overall infrastructure to move quickly.
Pros: Get to work on what you are passionate about if you are into cars/trucks.

Cons: Hard for your work to shine outside of your immediate team due to large pool of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for growth in your skillset as well as organizational promotions

Cons: Company strongly suggests for people located in Detroit area.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of opportunities at the company

Cons: Trust in senior leadership is gone. CIO/CFO stated early 2023 there will be no layoffs. One month later over 500 employees terminated. Nine days later, voluntary separation program announced. Last month an entire IT physical location shut down with no notice, impacting almost 1,000 employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Fair compensation, generous holidays and vacation.

Cons: However, this comes with slow career growth, lack of opportunity to move within the company and a bunch of political games being played that stunt initiatives from actually being accomplished. Also there were several times where we found other teams working in a silo and were always shocked they never pulled us in
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers amazing benefits, a high salary, and a company car for managers and above. It is absolutely incredible what you receive for working at this company.

Cons: Instability especially with autonomous vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: Stalwart in the auto industry

Cons: Return to office mandates for no good reason Varying culture and attitude depending on department and manager, big company so many different types Usually on the slower/older end of technology unless the team is totally new
Advice: None
Pros: Secure, very hard to be fired Good WLB depending on manager and department Lots of benefits including tons of vacation (not unlimited though) and plenty of discounts on things you wouldn't expect

Cons: The year that i was there they had a lot of layoffs, and they all happened unexpectedly. It caused most to have hard feelings toward the leadership for not being transparent.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are amazing! I loved the family leave after my daughter was born. Time off was encouraged. The support to learn my job was there from day one.

Cons: pay increases were minimal unless applying for new job within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, work life balance, and decent pay for new hires

Cons: locations are limited. Required in office 3 days per week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to Work DE&amp;I is taken very seriously but has not progressed to reverse racism. Both management and co-workers are respectful Everyone is extremely rational and intelligent and there is no erratic/sociopathic behavior. Compensation is great. I get full healthcare PPO for $20/month and bonuses for staying active and receiving physicals.

Cons: Travel required, contract negotiations, and uncertainty in regards to job security
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, competitive salary, growth opportunities, and good core values.

Cons: Bad leadership. Poor business decisions that don't align with company values ( e.g. calling back remote workers, discontinuing affordable EVs in place of Larger more expensive EVs.
Advice: revisit your core values and mission. Understand that some things are bigger and more important than just profit.
Pros: Good Work life balance. People are passionate about work.

Cons: Minimal work life balance depending on which group you are working with
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and 401k is good

Cons: Despite the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we were required to report to the office three days a week and work for eight hours while wearing masks, creating an uncomfortable and challenging environment. Furthermore, the fast-paced nature of the work environment, coupled with the negative reviews from our manager and the frequent layoffs every two years, has created an unsettling sense of instability. To add to the stress, there is no work-life balance, and there have been no opportunities for growth or promotions in the five years I have been with GM, which is true for the rest of my team as well. We were being told not to give references or recommendation on linkedin to team member who got laid off which kind of upset me as their culture is worst.
Advice: what the point of giving advise when they have never changed.
Pros: Only Pro I can think of they have whole week of Christmas shutdown and it will not use your vacation

Cons: Tends to be too much management in most departments.
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive work environment normally

Cons: low pay compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: nice cafeteria, people, staff, and management

Cons: No sales, no salary. Purely commission.
Advice: Keep things running smoothly and professionally
Pros: Profit sharing quarterly bonus available

Cons: In the process of change. Lots of reorgs, reduction, as well as cost cutting for the future so a lot of uncertainty at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work as well as work/life balance.

Cons: Always seem to be changing direction and expect the entire org to pivot immediately. Fairly chaotic
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent people, interesting work, decent pay

Cons: too many systems with overlapping needs and processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great leaders Great products nice culture to work and enhance skills employee needs are respected

Cons: Nothing to worry about at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance / Awesome

Cons: Need to be flexible for possible weekend work.
Advice: None
Pros: A nice work life balance

Cons: work from home and less engagement with co-workers
Advice: None
Pros: friendly working environment and easy access to internal resources

Cons: managers and executive leadership do not have real tech/IT experience and their subpar decision-making will affect you negatively
Advice: None
Pros: work/life balance and benefits are good

Cons: Senior leadership is awful and does not communicate clearly. Moving targets and layoffs despite good profits. Focus seems entirely on extracting as much money out of the customer as possible, not delivering products they want. So much red tape to get anything done. Too much middle management Salary isn’t very competitive
Advice: Stop taking bonuses, pay your workers better, and deliver products customers want
Pros: Work life balance is fine

Cons: Limited opportunity to grow depending on your management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, non toxic work environment.

Cons: They expect to get every cent's worth out of their money. Women definitely have less of a chance than men do.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. You will learn a lot because they hold themselves to high standards.

Cons: Chaotic C-level leadership random layoffs and hiring spurts
Advice: None
Pros: Great DEI Interesting projects diverse tech stack

Cons: They fire departments based on the company money
Advice: None
Pros: Big bonuses at end of year

Cons: Lack of transparency from upper management levels on company wide decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: The management and working professionals are great to work with.

Cons: Like any big company, some bureaucracy at the leadership level. Re-orgs and uncertainty with job security.
Advice: None
Pros: Care about employees, very inclusive and tons of resources to do job. Leadership is very caring about employee growth and cross training.

Cons: The company is currently restructuring
Advice: More REMOTE for the right candidate positions
Pros: Exciting time for the industry

Cons: Sometimes things can move slower than desired.
Advice: None
Pros: Being able to work on great products.

Cons: pay could be a little better
Advice: None
Pros: great people good company growing fast

Cons: Company has been declining for decades, while downsizing headcount and increasing workloads past anything reasonably manageable.
Advice: Stop blaming workforce for poor launches, and realize the workload is not sustainable. It is not ok to move engineering overseas, and expect workforce to attend meetings day and evenings in different parts of the globe. We went to college to have a professional career, with work life balance. We didn't expect to work both day and night, and concentrate during weekly night meetings that run until or past 10 PM, and then start up again at 7AM.
Pros: Competitive Salary, 6 weeks vacation, great co-workers, very supportive

Cons: Job uncertainty can be scary at times, strikes can effect jobs
Advice: None
Pros: GM has great benefits and bonuses

Cons: The organization is constantly changing...reorgs occur about every 6months.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are fantastic, great team culture, and great place to acquire experience and learn new skills.

Cons: Salary based on seniority, not proficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits Wide array of job choices

Cons: Destroys your body. Barely any family time.
Advice: Please start caring about the company
Pros: Good money and benefits. A lot of paid hollidays and you are off.

Cons: The overtime pay for lower levels
Advice: Practice what you preach
Pros: It pays pretty well until you hit overtime

Cons: Forced shift work for low seniority employees. Really screwed up toxic culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Reliable hours and schedule available

Cons: Paperwork
Traffic near the campus
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy culture
Respectable leadership
Cool products

Cons: Pay Leadership Advancement Opportunities Technical direction
Advice: Shift to complete open source technology instead of signing contracts with vendors that have proprietary software. Jumping ship when they jack up the rates puts incredible strain on an already overworked workforce.
Pros: Lots of vacation time (if you can use it)

Cons: To many people hired that were not qualified for their role.
Advice: Learn to fire people. Unqualified employees shouldn't be given multiple years to 'hopefully' turn around.
Pros: For me the work environment was relatively stress free.

Cons: Easier to learn things about the company from external sources. Poor communication about the brass tax of what's happening within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: On average better pay than tier 1 suppliers, lots of hybrid/WFH opportunities. Very easy to move within the company to different roles once you get in.

Cons: Pushing agendas for the sake of pushing agendas
Advice: Work Appropriately
Pros: Great place to gain experience

Cons: Cubicle Offices are not very efficient or inviting for younger folk.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working here. My coworkers were interested in my future career goals whether it be within the company or another. The office cubicle environment was a great way to improve performance but it lacked areas the needed collaboration. From my understanding, General Motors is actively working to improve this issue.

Cons: Cumbersome processes. Nothing other than this
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, kind faculty, good pay

Cons: Constant fear of cut backs
Advice: None
Pros: Work, levels of complexity and diversity of projects

Cons: Way too many layers of management, hundreds of executives who do not add value, cannot make decisions, and do not generate company profits, small (but consistent) annual merit increases, GM often prioritizes gender and skin color over performance, experience and leadership potential. In many groups, the “appearance” of working hard is valued more than actual work.
Advice: Spend less time trying to make political statements, forcing employees to embrace woke ideology, and making excuses for why we can’t do things our competitors do well. Get back to the humble GM that got us to where we are. Get back to being a bold and innovative car company that builds products that consumers love.
Pros: Competitive pay and bonus opportunities, most groups have good day to day flexibility, nice perks (i.e., company car at certain levels, $1,500 annual HSA contribution, 4% company match on 401K, 12 weeks of maternity and paternity leave).

Cons: Big company that is easy to become a statistic in, company organization doesn't always make sense and this can hurt your optics to management in terms of performance, pay is not always competitive, not a tech company so for developers you don't always get the most interesting work.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, lots of resources and fellow developers to interact and learn from, business touches many different areas so you can work on all kinds of projects,.

Cons: Many hours in a relatively high stress environment wherein the GL is pressured by upper management on one side and the union on the other. Mandatory weekends and holidays are a regular occurrence. Swing shift schedule as well.
Advice: More support and fewer threats would turn things in a better direction. Fear is a sub-par motivator and generally only entices people to work just hard enough to not be fired until they can exercise other options.
Pros: GM offers a competitive salary which comes as a result of the consuming and relentless nature of the job.

Cons: Nothing that I can specify.
Advice: Keep up the all great work!
Pros: Greta place to work. Great leadership and team work. Co-workers are very friendly and supportive. Have enormous resources to learn and grow ones career.

Cons: Opportunities for better Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
Advice: Listen and respond to your employees.
Pros: Great Career Growth and Advancement.

Cons: Layoffs of entire AZ location despite confirming just months earlier that no lay offs would occur.
Advice: Consistent messaging to employees.
Pros: Good projects in a modern tech stack. Great manager and teammates.

Cons: Poor management. Often layoffs despite saying there won't be any layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, great healthcare and benefits, 15 days PTO at start, interesting work

Cons: Sometimes upper managements directives negatively affect the ability to do your job.
Advice: None
Pros: A company large enough to give you opportunities to explore but with smaller groups to work in a close-knit team environment.

Cons: To have a clear career path
Advice: None
Pros: A Good place to work

Cons: You may or may not learn much depending on where you end up. The pay can be lower than average or at best average. They lay off rather abruptly with unclear reasons. Rather impersonal, and happens frequently.
Advice: Think more carefully about how you approach future plans and provide more consistent communication.
Pros: They hired a lot of college grads with no experience.

Cons: typical bureaucracy of a big company and promotional opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed my time at GM - good work life balance and good pay.

Cons: Too much procedures and process
Advice: None
Pros: Its the best play to work

Cons: Good company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: Great 401k and health benefits. Hybrid work

Cons: Too much bureaucracy, many layoffs every year
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, work hybrid or remote

Cons: Culture shift, no, no, no, no
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely nice people, best culture

Cons: chaos and confusion layers everywhere
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are good and the team is nice

Cons: -noncompetitive salary -not many office perks
Advice: None
Pros: -work life balance -new technologies to learn

Cons: Low pay with mediocre tech talent
Advice: None
Pros: Above average work life balance

Cons: No job stability, upper management is greedy, and remote work is not an option except if you are part of the top-level management.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance, great place for career growth.

Cons: Work/ life balance I did not have
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were very very good

Cons: I came in as a new college hire and had no mentorship, got moved around a bunch of teams without ever learning and strengthening new skills, and was forced to go back into the office for no reason. Was told I could eventually move to project management if I proved myself but that never happened and kept just being pushed back.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is not the worst.

Cons: expect you to spend your weekends researching stuff for work instead of maintaining a proper work-life balance. You're discouraged from using their learning resources during work hours because then you'll be marked for bad performance. There is no PIP program at GM and they will kick their employees to the curb if marked for bad performance. That shows behavior that doesn't encourage growth, improvement, nor learning for a developer.
Advice: None
Pros: always developing on a project

Cons: Toxic environment in some internal orgs. Promotions not based on merit, but rather who you know Not allowed to offer innovated ideas or to think outside of the box.
Advice: The middle level management (director level) do not practice the culture and behaviors desired by GM's executive leadership team reporting to the CEO.
Pros: Salary Benefits 401k match Career growth leading up to management

Cons: Leadership will routinely lie to employees and make rash decisions that impact their entire work force
Advice: None
Pros: The individuals at GM are awesome people to work with. The work-life balance is great.

Cons: Sometimes unpredictable and can be a bit overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: Treat employees well and the pay is good

Cons: There tends to be a resistance to adoption of new technology
Advice: None
Pros: They have a generous overall compensation package Excellent time away and vacation policy

Cons: Technical direction can chance on a whim based on business decisions. Sometimes there is friction against technical changes which would improve processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, interesting projects to work on, room for learning new things and good holiday and vacation policies.

Cons: Poor payment and very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Positive work attitudes for employees

Cons: not able to work remote
Advice: let us work remote , helps work life
Pros: Hybrid work 3 days in

Cons: Shady senior leadership practices above Sr.Manager and directors not 100% transparent as a public company
Advice: Please treat employees with empathy
Pros: Good benefits and package Good work life balance

Cons: Bad CEO and cool generally
Advice: Don't do it
Pros: Low pay bad work environment

Cons: Promotions are rare and is locked behind how long you've been there
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, some projects provide a big impact, and inclusive

Cons: Lack of mobility in conpany
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: The red tape can be a bit much.
Advice: None
Pros: They have a great work life balance.

Cons: They closed down the office all of a sudden without relocating the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment and work life balance

Cons: Lower level management consists of a bunch of inexperienced, under qualified children. The egos and smugness is unbearable. Instead of working together as a team, they are hostile and would rather let you know "who's boss." Floor communication is a joke. It's pretty sad that a direct employee has to go to a contractor for information regarding production agendas. This is a daily routine for us. The union representation is virtually non-existent. They are ghosts in the facility but still seem to get all of the overtime. Ridiculous amount of salary employees. It's amazing that with all of the people sitting in meetings and walking aimlessly, this place still can't efficiently build vehicles. Trades and production woefully understaffed. If they ever plan on building over 5 cars a day, that will need to change.
Advice: The culture you've built is unsustainable. Priorities are all out of whack. Maybe you could start by respecting the people you are going to rely on the most.
Pros: Trades in auto manufacturing land is a good living. However, when comparing Factory Zero with local rival facilities, it's trash. If you have the credentials, look elsewhere.

Cons: Pay could be higher and SLT needs to be transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Balance is good Benefits are great

Cons: Unstable business, uneven policies, parking, building
Advice: 
Pros: People, technical content, interesting high profile area

Cons: -not a big emphasis for continuous learning -tech stack depends on team, sometimes it is out dated
Advice: None
Pros: -good work/life balance -good culture and community -salary is decent -great company for NCH

Cons: Depends on leadership team and how much others like you .
Advice: None
Pros: Depending on your Manager and team, you could have a great career here.

Cons: You are not valued as an individual. You are treated as if you should be lucky to work there and you are easily replaceable.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a large company, with many opportunities.

Cons: No cons as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Great place to learn latest technologies

Cons: Lower pay than other companies Disorganized work flow
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Relaxed work environment Good work life balance

Cons: - Work can feel repetitive at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Employees at any vertical are approachable with the appropriate professionalism - Car company establishing itself within the tech industry - Opportunity for growth and movement (must be vocalized asap) - Hybrid work schedule - Flexible hours as long as you communicate to your manager

Cons: The program is subject to change, even when you are currently in it.
Advice: None
Pros: GPD TRACK is a rotational program for recent grad engineers, and it gives you the opportunity to explore multiple positions and organizations.

Cons: Low potential, especially for the first three years.
Advice: Remove the 3% raise cap for new college hires!
Pros: It's a lower-pressure place to learn how to do your job!

Cons: Uncertainty in the market based on manufacturing challenges
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great benefits and work life balance

Cons: low wage, not competitive within software field
Advice: None
Pros: good health insurance coverage, good work culture

Cons: Lots of travel is involved
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work fo

Cons: Work/Life Balance Lack of Growth
Advice: None
Pros: Customer Focused Great Colleagues Challening Expand Skillset

Cons: may put you in a role you might not have expected and may end up not liking it
Advice: None
Pros: encourage growth and exploring new roles

Cons: Lack of transparency poor communication
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Vacation salary hybrid work

Cons: Climbing the company when competing with an older population is challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay / incentives. Flexible work location (WFH).

Cons: Lower pay, very corporate, high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule, great vacation and bonus

Cons: politics, slow, old tech, migra
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, bonus, dental, 401k, others

Cons: Some time management is not transparent.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance and benefits

Cons: Hard to stand out in front of leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Great 401k match, excellent work life balance

Cons: Too many people in the ladder to grow.
Advice: Too many empty suits in middle management layer
Pros: Great company to work for and learning opportunity

Cons: They treat you like a number, not a person Forced to work extra days Not enough time with family No communication
Advice: Listen to the workers, they know their job Don't pick favorites Understand there's life outside of work
Pros: Pays well Benefits Reliable pay weekly Retirement

Cons: very bureaucratic - lots of levels of management employees not empowered to make decisions Clueless managers
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits Good work / life balance

Cons: Site-wide layoffs when they could have easily prevented many people from relocating there only to be laid off soon after.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits. Working on new projects. Managers that want you to have a team you work well with.

Cons: Management makes some confusing decisions. Layoffs happen even when senior leadership says they won't happen
Advice: None
Pros: Fellow employees are very nice and helpful. Culture of continuous improvement and learning.

Cons: upper level management making sporadic changes and chaos
Advice: None
Pros: people you come to work with will in some way shape or form come back in your career here, the tech space is small and interconnected

Cons: Literally everything else is a con. The pay is trash for the amount of work. Takes too long to top out. Work life balance is horrible. Hope you enjoy not seeing your family or friends. Poor outlook on the future of employees.
Advice: Have an actual degree in management. Stop hiring people to be managers when they have no experience/degree in the field! The Group leaders are the reason you can’t keep employees!
Pros: Benefits Free health care and you will need it

Cons: Random layoffs that completely ignore personal performance.
Advice: Don't be too reactionary. Try to approach things calmly and strategically.
Pros: When they decide to keep their employees, they treat them right, offering them lots of time off and a generally great work life balance.

Cons: Very large and tremendous isolation of responsibility within IT. Not much room for growth in certain areas.
Advice: The way the lay off in AZ was handled was awful. Teams were decimated, leaving no one with certain skills in teams.
Pros: Good benefits and yearly bonuses depending on performance.

Cons: Sharing of information from top to bottom can seem lethargic
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and Job Freedom

Cons: RTO and my manager is in another state and my team is on 3 different time zones. Let's be real, I'm never any of their faces in my life. Low pay compared to industry standards. No good perks even in the office
Advice: Be more open minded
Pros: Easy to move between teams to find something you enjoy. Nice co workers Experience is very team dependent.

Cons: GM is great company and i have nothing to complain about it
Advice: Enjoy with your job
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: - Lack of organization - Pay
Advice: None
Pros: - Good team environment - Great place to learn - Fun/interesting projects

Cons: Lousy treatment, harsh hours, and last minute notices.
Advice: As a contractor I can't make suggestions to GM. So you will working for a bureaucracy with little or no say.
Pros: High pay, talked to respectfully. Mostly.

Cons: Large company means lots of red tape and challenging to be agile.
Advice: Recognize that outsiders can co tribute more value than long time employees.
Pros: Work life balance and benefits keep people at GM.

Cons: Leveling up is heavily based on your willingness to relocate rather than your skill level
Advice: You have a skilled work force. Use them in the right places.
Pros: Benefits, processes and technologies you get to work with

Cons: Not good job security, constant team restructuring
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Hybrid, Great teams to work with

Cons: layoff without warning can happen more than you expected
Advice: None
Pros: work is relatively easy. work-life balance is okay

Cons: Large company with a lot of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity and great people.

Cons: Lies from upper management pertaining to az layoffs
Advice: Stop lying
Pros: Culture Work life balance Availability to obtain new skills

Cons: They are low on staff, need more salary people.
Advice: None
Pros: You get as much overtime as you want. If you are salary you still get overtime, although it is less than what the hourly people make by a lot.

Cons: Job security is poor and employees are devalued
Advice: None
Pros: Company gives you good projects to work on

Cons: Sometimes getting promoted can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and benefits, great with minorities

Cons: Outdated software. Unstable environment/policy changes...they just laid off an entire division.
Advice: Instead of hiring people blindly and then laying people off blindly...actually look at performance.
Pros: Work life balance is immaculate. Lots of vacation time.

Cons: Team leaders is what makes or breaks it You get a raise every year Every sept gets paid pretty much same unless you move up to team leader
Advice: Work better on paying employees more
Pros: Great pay Quarterly bonuses Great cafeteria and break rooms Very team spirited

Cons: No cons to think of now
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at

Cons: Slow progression for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance with benefits

Cons: Not always challenging work to do
Advice: None
Pros: The people and culture make it great

Cons: Turnover, Project Timelines, Regular Re-Organization
Advice: None
Pros: People &amp; Culture, Technology Stack, Ability to move vertically &amp; laterally, Manager Support

Cons: the squeaky wheel gets the grease, lack of identity and don't try to stand out.
Advice: None
Pros: hire indiscriminately, competency is optional, simply follow the rules once employed and you can hang around for the rest of the lift without making a difference

Cons: IT is rapidly changing - not sure what the future of the company holds
Advice: None
Pros: good culture, work life balance

Cons: The senior leadership team is making big changes. Instability
Advice: None
Pros: They have good benefits mostly.

Cons: No trust in leadership, they conduct lay offs with only two months notice or less
Advice: Get better at sharing information early when you plan on laying a large number of employees off
Pros: Benefits, culture, pay, work/life balance is great as well

Cons: Hard to do things inbetween work. Little downtime, always doing something for work.
Advice: None
Pros: No problems arise if you just do what you're are hired to do, not hard to work here

Cons: Poor management communication, hard to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Good mentorship, office location, pay

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: Can’t think of anything specific
Pros: Benefits, pay, and the environment

Cons: ups and downs in the automotive industry
Advice: Support those that are doing the right thing and offer support to continue doing so.
Pros: Endless opportunities, Education and experience.

Cons: Nothing to mention. all good
Advice: N/A
Pros: Team works, great people to work with, profissionals

Cons: Siloed into your own little corner.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to work at a place that owns it's own Datacenters and also leverages cloud solutions

Cons: Hard to find challenges and improvement for yourself
Advice: None
Pros: Chill working environment, everyone is nice

Cons: Unrealistic expectations Poor management Unequal work distribution
Advice: None
Pros: People that you work with

Cons: More specific works instruction. Personal growth is very limited unless you move extra.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance company. Family care company

Cons: No air conditioning or heat. Get ready to sweat your butt off all summer then freeze in the winter. Filthy and loud work environment. Union employees don’t care about the quality of their work and management are not willing to try something new to increase efficiency. Rubbing alcohol is the best way to remove flux from braze bars but they’ll never try it since it’s involves adding a material to their MSDS
Advice: NA
Pros: Salary, PTO, benefits are really great

Cons: Too much travel expectations at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Pay and Environment

Cons: There has been constant turn over and change of leadership since the day I started making it difficult to know where I fall.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the team I work with and feel like I can speak up and actually be heard.

Cons: not a lot of group cohesion, most poeple are 45+ years old . if your young in design , your going to be alone
Advice: none
Pros: working remote most of the time

Cons: Bad communication from slt and upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb, good benefits and competitive comp

Cons: Pay is below market, and raises are an absolute joke. Inflation: 6.5% nationally, my city: 12.5%, my raise: 3%. Career development is non-existent and nobody really cares.
Advice: Listen to workers when they say how they best work, and no, your BS public image saving word-smithing doesn't change what everyone knows you're saying. Pay ANYWHERE NEAR what a SE goes for in the market and maybe you'll become somewhere close to a competitor. Paying 25% below market rate will NEVER (NEVER!!!!) allow you to hire FAANG, no matter how much you try.
Pros: They expect 6 hrs of on task work with an hour of lunch and an hour of email / meetings / etc per day. They give you 2 hours of work. Cool I guess, but you still have to act like its gonna take you 6 hours to do and you have to stay online for 8 hours. Its fine if you have 0 other options and you're desperate.

Cons: I was let go after having heart surgery. I was put on a performance plan after I got out of the hospital. GM funds their own health insurance. So they no longer wanted me employed there due to my health care costs. It was like working in a morgue. Managements horrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing at all is good about GM.

Cons: must be a temp for a long time pay does not match increasing inflation vacation time is not much and pto goes quickly
Advice: increase pay to match a living wage when you have us work so much
Pros: the benefits are fantastic after getting moved to first shift hours are better and i can spend time with family

Cons: Not all people are treated fairly Could work a lot of required OT It's who you know not what you know
Advice: Favoritism isn't gonna secure people for the future. Treat everyone fairly and it should be a good future.
Pros: Pay Lots of great mentors Diverse community Teamwork

Cons: GM offers remote work options.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Not much room for growth unless you go into management.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is okay

Cons: Management moves people around, or lets people go without replacing them, making the job harder
Advice: None
Pros: Projects allowed for growth as a new college hire

Cons: Low pay compared to others. Low 401k match.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Healthcare. Vision. Dental. Workload

Cons: Promotions based on ethnicity push for people in that category in management positions. Pre-interview 99% of the picks are already determined prior to the interview. The interviews are just a technicality.
Advice: Figure out a way to promote people that have earned it through experience and hard work. Don’t promote because someone is in a specific minority group that you are driving. You have lost and will continue to lose valuable employees if this practice continues
Pros: Quick expansion into the EV market

Cons: Layoffs / Management style / strict office hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and PTO/ Sick time

Cons: The worse pay i ever received. They should be ashamed of themselves for paying employees in production that do the real work such little pay.
Advice: Want good loyal employees pay them enough to support themselves.
Pros: Great health benefits for employee and dependents at no charge.

Cons: They overwork you and they pay sucks
Advice: Up the pay for the heavy lifting
Pros: They alright sometimes , it’s kinda hot

Cons: Too much focus on managing upwards; organizational culture seems to be slipping over the past 6 to 10 months; company doesn't seem to value experience; spends lots of time running away from its past and focusing on an unclear future.
Advice: Avoid the cycle of grow/grow/grow for 3 or 4 years followed by shrink/shrink/shrink. Frankly it is ridiculous the number of expansions and contractions that I was part of over a 20 year career with the company. Shows lack of an ability to plan beyond a 3-5 year window.
Pros: Hybrid work possibilities for many employees; pay is pretty good, especially with bonuses; able to work with some smart people.

Cons: -Lack of communication from SLT
Advice: None
Pros: -New college hire program is great -Good work life balance

Cons: It’s like a prison, or high school. So much drama!
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, profit share, and benefits

Cons: Really no cons here. Sometimes management but not bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work! Highly Recommend!

Cons: Low payment in the industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Team is cooperative and supportive.

Cons: Slow to change and improve processes
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay, flexibility to manage work around personal commitments

Cons: too big empire to run
Advice: None
Pros: many great people and talented guys

Cons: Lack of opportunities for advancement if you didn’t fit the mold. Lack of diversity even though they pretend to adhere to it.
Advice: Give credit where credit is due.
Pros: Learning opportunities were plentiful even if it really didn’t help you in career growth

Cons: RTO sucks and no promotions or exciting projects. Moves really slow. Takes long time to develop a vehicle.
Advice: None
Pros: Great WLB, no work pressure

Cons: 4/5 people are &lt;6 months into their job and not competent. Bureaucracy is crippling and paralyzing.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to outperform peers, the bar is absolutely on the floor. If you want to coast under the radar while doing absolutely no work. This is your company! Pay and benefits are hard to walk from.

Cons: Promotion is hard to come by
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: We continue to be forced to do more, with less. We have to be profitable even when there is 20% employee absenteeism. Our "How Do You Feel" surveys don't get attention on our concerns, only if we took the non-mandatory (you better take it) survey so we can say x% of our facility is "engaged". Employee morale is not good.
Advice: Closed door meetings with staff by Manageoutside of the building would be a good idea to understand the dysfunction we are dealing with locally. Please stop nepotism here! The family tree of promoting is ridiculous and widely evident. Hard to be diverse if we hire relatives of our executives.
Pros: I work with a great Team of other Supervisors! They make my role better.

Cons: Upper management (as with any large company)
Advice: None
Pros: The people (some of the nicest and most helpful)

Cons: Not the best for tech development
Advice: None
Pros: Work / Life is easy

Cons: Most "company perks" have been taken away. Yes, you get good pay and decent insurance but I don't feel like they care about their workers as a whole at all. I understand they need to make money, but keeping workers happy IMO should be another top priority.
Advice: Stop all the general "we support you" and actually show those not in Michigan that we are valued.
Pros: The pay is competitive and vacation time starting off is 3 weeks.

Cons: Not organized at all and you are hired in and have to figure it all out on your own, what software that is needed and how to get access to it all. GM has unrealistic goals for getting projects going and completion dates. they do not understand that when a part has a 16 week lead time, its going to take a while. they expect you to make it your mission to find on in the middle of nowhere USA that an old farmer has and get it.
Advice: None
Pros: Flex hours great people to work with

Cons: Job security, not many international travels
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, bonus, 401k match, diversity

Cons: I do not have any
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good company to work for

Cons: A lot of turnover and drama
Advice: None
Pros: Good job for me to learn

Cons: Leadership lacks transparency and often makes decisions without data.
Advice: None
Pros: Really impactful projects, talented coworkers, WLB

Cons: The construction on 96 makes the commute tough
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work level up within the company

Cons: My team wasn't super organized
Advice: None
Pros: Really great company culture and super supportive

Cons: There have been a lot of poorly executed organizational changes, poor communication from leaders, and a lack of job security.
Advice: None
Pros: The New College Hire (NCH) program allowed me to get my foot in the door after graduation and gain experience in the QA role.

Cons: Return to office policies, unclear communication from CEO
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, good work like balance, good benefits

Cons: Not much to say on
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: You may get laid off not performance related
Advice: None
Pros: Good people. Good salary. Good work.

Cons: Too much emphasis on non business related activity. Many opinions on issues that are unimportant to winning customers.
Advice: Stop indexing on things other than manufacturing the best product.
Pros: Good advancement. Good benefits, great culture.

Cons: Just benefits is low. No free coffee/snack.
Advice: None
Pros: Great for new college hire. Everyone is nice. Manager is also nice.

Cons: Senior leadership team is awful
Advice: None
Pros: Chill job, good wlb rarely any overtime

Cons: Big companies move slow and it is difficult to make process changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Being on the cutting edge of automotive technology

Cons: -upper level management -iffy job security if you are not in the main offices
Advice: None
Pros: -culture and team -lower level management -work life balance

Cons: Closing my whole office and will likely have additional layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Great coworkers.

Cons: Closure of IT Center due to saving money
Advice: Care more about their employees
Pros: Good people work there, good friends

Cons: Bad leadership, they close the AZ innovation randomly without any notice until 3 months beforehand.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits that come with insurance, dental and 4% matching.

Cons: The higher ups are the worst
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are very good

Cons: Not enough work 90% people sittingi .meeting s one.person works
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and 401k match

Cons: Nothing special about cons. Everyone might have different perspectives.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment for open discussion and opportunities to work towards innovation.

Cons: None that I can think of!
Advice: None
Pros: It’s pretty low pressure and everyone is nice

Cons: Older technologies and recently a lot of turnover.
Advice: Stop letting senior employees go. This causes a loss of knowledge.
Pros: Slower paced work and good benefits.

Cons: Four 6-month rotations means you will be treated like a student or intern for 2 full years. Limited responsibility/opportunities for ownership. Management tends to brush you aside as they don't want to invest in short-term rotational employees.
Advice: None
Pros: TRACK rotations give you a wide breadth of experiences

Cons: OHIP is the only option to receive extended care in dealing with mental health concerns/issues for our members
Advice: Listen to the needs of everyone individually and not as a "norm" that everyone is assumed to fit
Pros: GM promotes inclusion and diversity

Cons: lots of really dumb people work here
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, ability to slack off

Cons: There were not geographical locations that I was looking for.
Advice: None
Pros: The company had a great culture.

Cons: Work life balance and no pension
Advice: None
Pros: Go pay, profit sharing, tuition reimbursement, life insurance, and health insurance

Cons: Woke work environment, hard to work there with it put in your face each and every day.
Advice: None
Pros: Well compensated for work done(pay, bonus, perks, etc.)

Cons: They offer no coaching for improvement. They will quickly turn your back on you if you get a complaint.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved everything about this position and the people I met while holding the position. I loved being able to visit the dealerships and building the relationships.

Cons: Salary is a bit lower than industry standard
Advice: None
Pros: A great big company environment where you have the chance to expand your knowledge and resume The teams and teammates I have worked with have been compromising and respectful

Cons: - Very rigid corporate structure - Promotions and leveling are not consistent nor transparent
Advice: None
Pros: - Working on cutting edge of the automotive industry can't be undersold - Iconic brands and models that people care about

Cons: NEPOTISM , Management plays favorites , no employee meetings , the management has other employees training other employees. They only notice when you do something wrong. No work\life flexibility.
Advice: I suggest you give some attention to the mental health of your employees. Employee events and weekly meetings and recognition.
Pros: Weekly pay , no micromanaging , busy environment

Cons: Jesus christ this gig is boring.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work, low expectations, low morale, so overachieving is easy.

Cons: Frequently hit with layoffs that undermine moral. Management are pencil pushers with no sense of the underlying technology. No penchant for innovation. Sub-standard hiring practices mean your team might be full of people unqualified for the job. Upper management constantly making big announcements/press releases that the company doesn't have the ability to execute on. Feels like they're behind the times and anxious.
Advice: Recruit more from actual technology companies. Get better middle managers who can actual understand the projects they're teams are working on. Improve morale by actually executing as promised.
Pros: Good work life balance, solid 401k program

Cons: - I don't have any cons to list
Advice: None
Pros: - good work life balance - decent pay - talented co-workers

Cons: The high stress and fast paced and long hours work environment will seriously impact your mental health
Advice: None
Pros: The high stress and fast paced and long hours work environment will greatly accelerate your knowledge and growth as an engineer

Cons: none at the moment right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work, project focused. A lot of experience for early professionals.

Cons: Expected some more career opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work. Great people and Team.

Cons: Customer service with GM could use some work
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for overall

Cons: GM is very untrustworthy. Will say no lay offs but has let go of hundreds of people 4?times this year.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Work life balance. People.

Cons: Abysmal financial choices. Most managers incompetent and really think they know what they're doing. Ghost management is heavy. Low quality projects. Constantly behind the times with tech. Projects constantly shifting direction and scope. Dependency on expensive proprietary hardware that isn't easy to come by when you need to test.
Advice: There is a level of complacency and laziness I see among a lot of the management at GM. I often see the strategy of "find a competent employee on the team and dump 80% of managerial duties onto that person." Being employed at this company. This often leads fo extreme team disconnects between EGMs and the employees. Ghost management is a real problem at this company and its a result of poor leadership, poor transparency pertaining to realistic company business objectives. And poor scope of vision when it comes to generating value. For any software engineers. Just know this company is in the business of making cars first.... software and tech is clearly not as prioritized as it should be.
Pros: Somewhat good benefits. But other companies offer higher pay with similar or better salaries.

Cons: Nothing to mention for cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Lots of growth. Good work life Balance.

Cons: Entire 100+ department was let go all at once with not attempts to move elsewhere within the company. Upper management even acknowledge that they hadn't thought about that until it was too late.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot and had well organized teams.

Cons: Don’t get enough days off.
Advice: None
Pros: Weekly pay and good pay hourly

Cons: - Upward mobility is unclear - doesn't seem like people move quickly at GM things sometimes go too slow.
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting work in automotive industry - Flexible work environment - Healthy work environment

Cons: Management is very volatile and cannot be trust
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work-life balance, co-workers are friendly and always willing to help

Cons: Bad leadership. Lost culture and trust due to all poor decision.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Poor management from Engine dominating in EV era
Advice: None
Pros: lots of things to learn.

Cons: Some of the corporate people don't fully understand the tech field and expectations
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of benefits and lots of programs to help you succeed

Cons: With the given year a lot of layoffs and broken promises.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to start and interviewing process is simple.

Cons: Hours are undefined, you could be on a call with a country with an 8-hour time difference and expected to be present at 8pm your time.
Advice: Have in person 1 on 1's to gage where the employees headspace is.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, everyone was inclusive, management went above and beyond to make sure the team felt supported.

Cons: No bonuses or any stocks included
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for base but bonus not so good

Cons: Communication could be better across the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is great for the field and the Work environment is nice.

Cons: Lots of employees and sometimes teams are a little siloed
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of work life balance and team culture is great

Cons: work load too high, No advancement into Directorship, does not recognize outside work history like ISP unless it was done at GM. Too much time spent on DEI practices, Too many unneeded meetings. lays off too often.
Advice: Stop laying off people. Hire only when needed. Allow every internal applicant to have an interview or at least have a personal interview to tell them why they are no chosen. May it easier and more transparent how to get into directorship. Allow same rights that women have to men. Stop loading the workplace with women who are qualified just to balance the gender divide.
Pros: Good Bonuses, Nice people to work with.

Cons: If you are performance oriented or are a top performer you will not be paid more. It is a workplace for your average worker nothing more.
Advice: None
Pros: Equality in every aspect of the job.

Cons: Always doing layoffs and downsizing. Threat to your stability. Difficult to get change.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Good pay. Good benefits.

Cons: Store was sold and renamed. The building is still standing but was painted a different color.
Advice: The store is unfortunately operating under different management and has since been renamed,
Pros: * Everyone in the store had a two hour lunch and was paid a steady salary no matter how much time they took off. * All employees were allowed to each anything they wanted for lunch up to 10.00 value per day.

Cons: Takes a long time to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, and job security

Cons: The constant lay off every few years is not good.
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive company. Everyone is respectful either you are new or old in the company.

Cons: One of the worse upper management.
Advice: Better communication
Pros: Benefits and pay was good. Work and life was also fair

Cons: External market conditions and lingering supply chain constraints in the aftermath of COVID-19 makes coming to work every day a little harder. Dealers and customers are frustrated with the lack of visibility with highly backordered parts and tensions as a result are always high.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredibly autonomous role that provides direct exposure to consulting, account management, inventory optimization, and customer service excellence. Every day is different and you're required to wear multiple hats, but you will learn more in the first 6 months of your role than you ever have about Fixed Operations and working in the dealer / shop world.

Cons: Leaning toward electrification achtecture. Future employment efforts focused toward electrical and software engineering; and reducing mechanical engineering employee footprint.
Advice: Maintain opportunity for cross training engineering talent within future developments.
Pros: Opportunity for broad range of exposure to vehicle systems development.

Cons: Poor management, planning and execution.
Advice: Don't just invite everyone to a fancy hotel to tell everyone they're fired.
Pros: Decent pay, benefits and location.

Cons: Closure of IT Innovation Center in Arizona.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, great environment and no micromanagement

Cons: They lie They lie They are not to be trusted
Advice: None
Pros: Good money Benefits Perks Flexile Lots of vacation

Cons: technology is not upto date.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nive environment to work and friendly mangement

Cons: Work environment can be misleading
Advice: Treat ALL employees with same integrity
Pros: Opportunity to gain innovative design skills.

Cons: Hard work, bad management, morale issues
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork, work commute, solid company

Cons: The direction the company is moving is not what is communicated as the company's direction. they are not safety focused as advertised. Hours spent working can be excessive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good medical benefits with no spouse extra charges. Flexibility is the best.

Cons: You never know when you will get laid off.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good work culture.

Cons: Pay Work life balance slow admin
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Work Environment Cool Cars

Cons: Business has confusing direction and decisions. No growth. Stuck in the old.
Advice: None
Pros: WLB, Decent Benefits, scored a great team with similar age

Cons: Poor work-life balance Multiple escalation procedures
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative environment Global position Meaningful exposure to leadership

Cons: Too many different opportunities, need to carefully choose directions.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit is very good and great work life balance.

Cons: Difficult to get substantial raise or promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits and lots of vacation days

Cons: Outside of engineering, no one really works in the offices. I found that demotivating.
Advice: None
Pros: Electric Cars, Technology and being in The "D."

Cons: Career and compensation growth leaves some things to be desired. HR and SLT could use some new perspectives.
Advice: Find the talent and worry more about retaining it. I watched too many talented peers leave too early.
Pros: Work life balance with novel technical challenges

Cons: It's just like every other Big 3 and its a large corporation
Advice: None
Pros: good pay. Clear job responsibilities.

Cons: I'm post-VSP. Had a handful of questions and unresolved issues (remaining PTO not compensated as promised). Apparently I'm dead to them now that VSP is done. Not surprised but it's a bit rude. Promotional opportunities within organization did not seem to exist, though I personally was looking for that. Merit/Cost-of-living raises continually behind inflation. No stock options or discounted purchases. Lags tech industry approaches.
Advice: Follow up to nice words and intents.
Pros: Fair number of holidays given. Good people in general.

Cons: Shifting focus in management and leadership with an unbeareable amount of fast-paced changes
Advice: Find a better focus, put everyone in the same wavelenght and steer the course.
Pros: Good pay, good culture, good ambient, adequate growth

Cons: No cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Love the environment and the people , it was really fun to work there I only left to be closer to my family

Cons: None that I have yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome work environment. My team is organized and there is a direct line of communication between manager and direct reports. Pay and Benefits are also a plus.

Cons: - Very reactive to changes in industry and competitors - Stressful around vehicle launches or software releases - Communication from top level leadership has been poor as of recently - Lack of in house technology and dependence on suppliers can be frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: - Great upwards and lateral mobility if you're willing to work and network for it. - Interesting work and vehicles to work on - Flexible onsite work hours depending on your manager - Good pay and bonuses (As of recently)

Cons: Compensation is below market across the board for tech roles. The mandated return to office for everyone is nonsensical, and its enforcement is even worse The tech infrastructure has a lot of bureaucracy, so it can be difficult to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is well-respected, good flexibility to move around within the company, positive work environment, tech stack is good enough

Cons: No cons for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Great community, environment and opportunities

Cons: Working 9 hours on Saturday nights
Advice: None
Pros: Love the co- Worker in my surroundings

Cons: No heads up that layoffs were coming
Advice: None
Pros: My direct manager and lead were great. All of my coworkers were very nice and inviting.

Cons: Company only looks at you as a number
Advice: None
Pros: The pay is pretty good for the work that gets done

Cons: Executive leadership can be deceitful.
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work environment, great work life balance. Good organization structure.

Cons: Forced vacation during the week of July 4th. Deceitful tactics, won't pay you what the job is actually posted as/give you the correct job level (which you won't know unless you're already internal). Weird culture..very intrusive, they want to know everything about you and to "be vulnerable". Employees spend lots of time on internal yammer instead of actually working. They spend tons of money on advertising but won't pay people properly. WFH turned into RTO. HR is useless, don't bother going to them with any issues. Not a good place for professional growth.
Advice: Instead of spending money running commercials over the air all day long, spend that money on the employees. Keep your word, get rid of the bad apples in mgmt AND HR.
Pros: they pay $1500/yr to get a physical in a HSA. No wait to switch positions internally.

Cons: c-suite executives are loosing my trust. despite claiming to want to be the most diverse and equitable companies and always pushing their "one team" message, decisions seem to be made without considering the common worker.
Advice: get some common people on the board of directors, people who actually represent us. people with no incentive than to represent us, no extra pay. get a common engineer, a sales guy, a manufacturing union worker, etc. we cannot assume your decisions are made in good faith, we refuse to assume goodness when every decision lately seems to be the opposite.
Pros: there's always a lot to do. lots of opertuinities to learn. good pay, good benefits, good culture.

Cons: Outdated company culture, boomer mentality from upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Light work load, low stress environment

Cons: Takes too long to get hired in and receive benefits. Training in some areas could be a lot better.
Advice: So far so good.
Pros: Overtime available in some areas, benefits is good, and profit sharing bonus is nice.

Cons: Long hours and tedious work
Advice: None
Pros: Respectful culture and good direction from leadership

Cons: Can be slow to get on the team you want
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture. Opportunities if you hunt for them. Easy to disappear if you want.

Cons: Random Lay off's with no warning
Advice: Don't lay people off without warning.
Pros: Flexible hours and work day

Cons: - None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: - Not too stressful - Lot of learning opportunities

Cons: Poor senior leadership team, leadership structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Good growth opportunities, latest technologies.

Cons: Shortages in leadership forcing supervisors to work alternate shifts for coverage. Seeking long term resolve.
Advice: Hire direct through GM and cut out the contractors.
Pros: Great pay , cafeteria on site, gym on site open for all employees

Cons: Work life balance can be bad depending on team
Advice: None
Pros: Leaders can be understanding of any issues

Cons: Some teams work crazy hours depending on what their job entails or what area of the world team members are located in
Advice: None
Pros: -Good Benefits (vision, dental, health,401k) -Generally healthy work environment

Cons: Career growth is probably going to be slow since it takes about three years to move on to the next level
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid - I like the fact that we have to go in twice a week and WFH for the other days Good WLB - Not overworked and not underworked

Cons: very unorganized senior leadership with no future strategies
Advice: None
Pros: good life work balance and team members

Cons: Bad food and traffic jam
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworker and good enviroment

Cons: Full time work from home is no longer an option.
Advice: Keep up the great work in assisting your team with their careers .
Pros: They offer great benefits and really emphasize on trying to assist in building your career .

Cons: Would like to have more opportunities for career learning
Advice: None
Pros: Organized teams Great work life balance

Cons: Chooses in-person work over good employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture/people, great career development, decent pay/benefits

Cons: In each position you are restricted to working on your portion of the job.
Advice: I'm very happy with the managment. Continue with honestly bringing as much information to employees as possible.
Pros: Part of an exciting complex engineered product. Flexibility to work in many different areas. Surrounded by high talent.

Cons: Constantly changing and restructuring the org
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, great benefits

Cons: Mandatory saturdays. Ratchet environment. Physical work.
Advice: N/a
Pros: Fair wages. Great medical. Unlimited overtime. Bonuses

Cons: Working on various projects at the same time
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly work env to work and learn

Cons: bad/ no documentation on anything
Advice: start documentation for devs
Pros: competitive pay rate, great teammates

Cons: pay: the income growth is relatively slow for cyber/swe jobs location: you live in the detroit metro area
Advice: None
Pros: breadth of experience: it is rare to get 4 different engineering roles in just 2 years. it helps you build a diverse set of skills to market work life balance: between getting very generous PTO and shutdown weeks, the corporate culture typically ends at 5pm and never goes into weekends coworkers: the program actively puts you in touch with mentors and peers, very social! cost of living: detroit metro area is very very liveable on this wage.

Cons: lots of re-orgs and layoffs in recent years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work-life balance.

Cons: Work is on-site 2 days out of the week
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Work-Life Balance, and Team Atmosphere

Cons: Very slow moving. Could also be a pro.
Advice: None
Pros: Not much work, but that's a pro or a con I guess.

Cons: Layoffs are becoming a cyclical thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and vacation

Cons: Leadership is not transparent with workers
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is extremely nice and easy going

Cons: The bureaucracy can be a bit much in trying to get some things done. Also, not a lot training to upgrade your skill set. It very hard to progress in your career here.
Advice: Allow Mary’s policies and initiatives take hold more in the company.
Pros: The people, people and people make this place what it is…smartest and most talented group of people I have ever worked with in my career.

Cons: Work more than 40 hours per week
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse, technical, develop project management skills

Cons: Insane work hours, terrible work life balance.
Advice: Hire more people if you want to make vehicles faster.
Pros: Great pay and great benefits.

Cons: Hard to fight for work and get work assigned. Healthcare in Austin sucks
Advice: None
Pros: If you’re on the right team you get lots of help as a new grad.

Cons: Hours and shifts may be long
Advice: None
Pros: Money and opportunities. Better growing chances.

Cons: Rapidly changing and cutting labor
Advice: None
Pros: Flexable work schedule Good benefits

Cons: Underpaid Underutilized Stagnant Vertical Mobility Occasional Useless Middle Management
Advice: With the current structure where it's at, some middle management ends up in a role for far too long and become too comfortable/stagnant, which trickles down to the entire organization. Recent voluntary severances have dramatically addressed this problem, as many upper/middle managers will be leaving. Hopefully this will get some new ideas and creativity in the mix for the future.
Pros: Reasonable Workload Lots of Holiday/Vacation Safe Environment Lots of Horizontal Movement Opportunities

Cons: UAW contract got me "bumped" 3 times in 3 weeks. Including from 3rd to 2nd, so now I have no social life. In my area, (GPS CSS Blocks &amp; Heads) they are forcing us to work Saturdays most weekends. Other departments aren't working as much. Must take off holidays in first 90 days without pay. No benefits until you reach 90 day mark. Possible strike looming this fall. (2023)
Advice: None really. Management's hands are tied due to the UAW agreement and they know that. They are doing the best that they can with what they are required by the contract.
Pros: One of the best healthcare coverages on the planet, Good group of guys to work with. Lots of older/experienced guys to learn from. Management is pretty laid back and much less stress than my last job.

Cons: The environment is really slipping though, they are pushing an 'inclusive' workplace and want everyone to resolve their differences of opinions at work instead of just acknowledging we are all different and have different stances on various topics. Mid-level management either doesnt care about the workload and only cares about the inclusive, money saving workspace or they are completely incapable to perform their duties. Upper management seems to be overbearing and micromanaging. The culture has changed at GM for the worst. Engineers work from home, lots of confusion at work, little guidance.
Advice: stop micromanaging and encourage advancement within the company. Let people do what they were hired to do.
Pros: The pay for what I do blows away other positions outside of GM. Our healthcare is covered, 401k, etc all great.

Cons: Uncertainty with the job and constant re-orgs.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good and a lot of opportunities to learn.

Cons: Focus of the position Competition Liability Continuous licensing and certification
Advice: .
Pros: Specializations Work environment Salary Transferrable skills

Cons: Be wary of somewhat regular layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture and work life balance

Cons: Lots of fish in your pond
Advice: None
Pros: Modern office, fortune 100 company, opportunities

Cons: Slow moving company, management has no clue
Advice: None
Pros: Workload can be light depending on the time of the year

Cons: Long hours, more work than 1 person should have at any one time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM Pays well, working remote offers flexibility

Cons: Not challenging work, can get boring if not challenged, 2 days work in office
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, Managers are helpfull

Cons: Bad pay, low pay, drama
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, good environment , collaboration

Cons: Long hours and program timing keeps getting shorter.
Advice: Understand your people, know when burnout is happening. Also understand how they perform at work can be greatly influenced by their personal lives and situations.
Pros: I like the people. The company mentality has really turned for the better in the last decade.

Cons: a lot of wasted time in meetings
Advice: None
Pros: positive working environment, great work life balance

Cons: Too much turn over all over the company
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a great culture

Cons: Management and HR seemed incredibly disconnected on the future of the company and what to do with interns. None of my coworkers were able to mentor much as well due to placing me into a project no one had experience on.
Advice: None
Pros: I was able to work fully remote, coworkers were very personable and respectful, and I was able to see lots of exciting technology.

Cons: This is not applicable to me
Advice: None
Pros: Love the culture at the Proving Grounds

Cons: Long hours, far drive. Early start
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and lots of good people

Cons: long hours spent driving on the road
Advice: None
Pros: it was good pay and benefits

Cons: Sometimes get stuck with bad managers, frustrating programs, or bogged down by processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Hard to beat the pay and benefits. 20 vacation days, 16 holidays, unlimited sick time. Good healthcare.

Cons: - Lot's of uncertainty regarding job safety right now. Managers using layoffs as the "whip" to incentive workers to keep their job, may work for some and others not so. - Internal hiring freeze so I can't switch positions within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Company moves at an acceptable case in regards to getting things out. Every February the bonus comes out which is nice and we also get a yearly bump on our salary. Work is specific to which team you're in so make sure if you get hired you get some ample research on the teams.

Cons: Hard to move into management
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and PTO are very good

Cons: Its a massive company. With that size comes a lot of bureaucracy. Just something you have to learn to deal with.
Advice: Share more openly about the state of the business.
Pros: Leadership has been very supportive of me pursuing opportunities that I find interesting (within and outside of my function). I think thats a huge benefit - you can truly make your career whatever you want it to be.

Cons: They got a new guy in charge and he straight up laid off 1000 people so he can open new positions in the Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: The culture WAS good. It won’t be like that anymore.

Cons: too much reporting to leadership not enough resource support
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance good benefits

Cons: late feedback, not a leading company in the markeet
Advice: None
Pros: diversity, open discussion, respect each others

Cons: A long of work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and time off

Cons: Work life balance, not much upward mobility
Advice: Na
Pros: Great pay for the area

Cons: Extremely “corporate america” they promote innovate but nothing really every changes
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborate culture Good work / life balance Good 401k match

Cons: The HR Org structure overlaps duties and lacks accountability. Talent Acquisition has experienced near 100% turnover in the past 5 years and appears to garner zero respect from Sr. HR leaders. TA leadership roles are used a career stepping stone for HR "fast trackers".
Advice: Stop letting Sr Leadership's friendships /relationships drive the business.
Pros: Autonomy/ no micromanagement. Supportive leadership. Pay for level of responsibility is good.

Cons: High stress environment, overloaded with work as a new employee
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good for role

Cons: Trial by fire in purchasing. Office politics for promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, room for growth

Cons: Difficult to move up in same position
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at and great environment

Cons: - Manager doesn't take feedback well
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits - Bonus - Teamwork - Resources for personal development

Cons: They keep cutting and cutting and forcing people back to the office. Reduced staff by around 6500 this year so far.
Advice: Be transparent
Pros: The time off is great

Cons: A lot of mandatory Saturday work
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Great management Coworkers are willing to help if you ask.

Cons: Union representatives Uncaring Humans are robots Bad for hands No rest
Advice: None
Pros: None to tell Bad environment Horrible workers Dirty building Killer of mental

Cons: Management will continue to pile work on your plate until it is unmanageable. They will gladly take advantage of you to save a buck.
Advice: Act on the feedback you receive from direct reports.
Pros: Benefits and pay are good.

Cons: There are no issues with GM
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work for

Cons: Lower pay than other companies in this space, but this is okay since I get alot more free time
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work Life Balance when compared to other companies

Cons: They do not respect disabilities. If you're neuro-divergent, HEAVILY consider against informing management of your disability. If your manager doesn't understand, they can just give you bad performance reviews and not help steer you in the right direction. They will actively hold your projects (and experience, promotions, bonuses!!!) hostage if your manager does not care about you. HR is a big joke. Leadership is an even bigger joke.
Advice: Consider your 2022 Workplace of Choice survey you touted as "important feedback" in previous years!! The results were SO terrible from internal employees that leadership swept it under the rug!!!!!! The people are not happy here.
Pros: There are some friendly faces in the company that work their butt off

Cons: Management focuses on things do not matter
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, I would recommend GM.

Cons: Cross functional teams poor communication, customer focus can be poor
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, good compensation/benefits

Cons: Large sized company with long long history
Advice: None
Pros: Many researches and development projects for production applications

Cons: Very political climate in nature
Advice: None
Pros: Advancement opportunities if you get in with the right people and demonstrate your ability to deliver

Cons: Worked seven days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and Benefits. Great Coworkers.

Cons: weather, heat, location, rain, sun
Advice: Keep going
Pros: People, place, time, location, options

Cons: The pay is decent, but not competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: They're very people focus and care about your career aspirations.

Cons: Long hours and is very demanding environment
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work/ flexible for employees

Cons: Endless annoying and overbearing meetings,
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits relative to the area and position

Cons: Mind numbing There’s not much room to grow since all you do is busy work They treat you like children
Advice: None
Pros: Super easy since you’re just chatting online with people Sometimes not even working Was able to pick up a ton of OT Great pay for what the job was

Cons: The culture could vary per team. Some aren’t as flexible or lenient and can be overbearing
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Good pay Work life balance Good culture

Cons: Constant project delays and pushbacks
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive teams, great management, good work life balance, decent benefits/pay

Cons: Scheduling sometimes but overall is good.
Advice: Be willing to work with them since they are willing to work with you.
Pros: Managers really work with you for employee and experience growth in many different aspects

Cons: Depending on the organization and direct leadership, some managers are not great to work with.
Advice: NA
Pros: Flexible and family friendly. Great benefits.

Cons: Short on resources so expectations are unfair
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay, pto and bonus eligible

Cons: IT always had to fight for resources
Advice: None
Pros: They have some really great benefits, and work is pretty relaxed.

Cons: Lack of growth opportunities in some areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous 401k matching and retirement.

Cons: Unfortunately, there is very little going on that is truly innovative compared to the size of the company and it can be easy to just become truly complacent or even apathetic.
Advice: Make it so that your title doesn't have to be "Vice President" to actually do meaningful things to push technology forward and make employees lives better. Also, get rid of the glorified seniority system for promotions. The oldest chief engineer is not necessarily the best choice. Empower some young talent to spot great opportunities for our products and temper than energy and boldness with wisdom on the operational side.
Pros: GM is so huge and so old that you can learn about anything relating to a car. Depending on where you are at, the job can be incredibly low stress.

Cons: Too much overtime, 2 Saturdays on one off. 9hr days.
Advice: None
Pros: Best Healthcare you can find

Cons: They employ bottom feeder management and employees. Witnessed employees getting high on the job.
Advice: Quit showing favoritism and improve your hiring process.
Pros: Subsystem employees get good benefits and GM discounts

Cons: Individual can be selfish and self serving
Advice: Honesty, fairness, and transparency goes a long way
Pros: Competitive compensation. Competitive benefits and matching

Cons: being temp or part time isn’t worth it.
Advice: Managements doing well i hold no grudges sometimes there’s been unfair treatment to older incapable employees with less seniority or that are temps to do harder jobs than capable of but for the most part they’re transparent about expectations.
Pros: when you become part of the full time union it’s not so bad.

Cons: Extremely hard to move between departments. Highly impossible moving between countries.
Advice: Please focus on talent retention. Policies should be people friendly. Without impacting budget you could move people to retain them. Loss will be GM's to not support free flow of talent within the organization
Pros: Good People to work with. Great Products.

Cons: TA is affected first-hand by the hiring rollercoaster that impacts both the company and industry on a cyclical basis. Someone coming in will need to be both patient/flexible to handle the ebbs and flows.
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work on some exciting programs and work with some incredibly talented/impressive individuals. The talent in TA is top tier and the ability to grow/develop into different areas of HR certainly exist. One has all the tools available to be a successful recruiter, with all the support from management. This place is never dull.

Cons: It’s all politics. Literally it’s pure favoritism. If one person doesn’t like, you will not be promoted, even years later with 100% CAP achievements.
Advice: Get rid of HRM groups that decide who gets promotions. DEI is a joke. If you are a biological woman who wants to create a family, you are literally considered a liability. Period.
Pros: Only thing good is the pay and they match 100% to 8% of what you contribute to your 401k.

Cons: -pay is a bit low -hard to standout at all
Advice: None
Pros: -work life balance is good -hybrid is adaptable -good location

Cons: .Warranty work does not pay enough
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work I like it

Cons: Still Automotive Industry and lots of overwork at time.
Advice: Keep moving in the direction of better work life integration.
Pros: Team was great and a learned so much. It was my favorite team to work with.

Cons: The workload can be overwhelming for new engineers and following the correct processes and procedures.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture at GM is great. Everyone works together as one time and we help each other to find quick solutions.

Cons: No cons to speak of other than no remote policy
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, great mission

Cons: None the job is actually chill
Advice: None
Pros: Always works and improve for growth

Cons: GM falls behind on innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance, Good people

Cons: Leadership blows Mike Abbott is going to screw things up
Advice: None
Pros: Cool people and awesome benefits

Cons: * outdated technology * no growth
Advice: None
Pros: * great work life balance

Cons: Will eventually lay you off Senior leadership will say one thing and do the other You feel undervalued and seen as an expense
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefits Good vacation time

Cons: Automotive is a very competitive industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Breadth of the assignments possible

Cons: Lots of paperwork and politics
Advice: Listen to employee feedback in annual surveys
Pros: Relatively good work life balance depending on what part of a program you are working on.

Cons: I genuinely cannot think of any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Motivated Employees, Collaborative Teams, Great Environment, and the ability to make a big difference on the world.

Cons: 50 hours a week which is typical in car sales. Weekends needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy position as long as you like people. Great pay and great learning opportunities.

Cons: Management is awful, untrustworthy No information Overload employees Raises - do not meet Inflation We were great to work during covid to keep their pockets full, resulting in our jobs being sent to Mexico and overseas. New motto is to not have subject matter experts.
Advice: Reduce coat by getting rid of unnecessary uppermanagement levels. Reduce cost by letting employees choose to work from home rather than go in 3 days a week where little gets done.
Pros: 401k benefit Tuition assistance Great colleagues talented people

Cons: None, nothing, nothing to say
Advice: None
Pros: Best company of motorsports in the world

Cons: salary level is ok, but not at the top of high tech industry
Advice: None
Pros: have a lot of holidays, balance between job and life

Cons: No, it is good company
Advice: None
Pros: We can working from home

Cons: Fewer opportunities for growing. Not a big tech company as Google or AWS
Advice: None
Pros: Good for starting a career as a Software Engineer

Cons: Woke-ism run amok and stuffed down our throats daily with emails, testimonials, videos, lectures, required brainwashing, etc
Advice: Focus of designing, building and selling vehicles and services that are a great values to consumers and stay out of culture, sex and identity politics.
Pros: Great team of coworkers and staff

Cons: Not enough vacation hours/time off
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Great benefits Strong union

Cons: Base pay is much below market average
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, 20 day vacation with unlimited sick days. Solid health insurance

Cons: Work from home opportunity is very less.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance Management is very encouraging

Cons: No negatives come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Great people that help each other

Cons: Indecisive on future Loudest in the room culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great campus Good engineers Work/life balance for the most part Vacation

Cons: low pay no stock options
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance good culture

Cons: Lots of politics when decision making
Advice: Great Company
Pros: The Company is people driven all time

Cons: Pay is less compared to others
Advice: None
Pros: Very good company to work for

Cons: Poor senior leadership and program directors.
Advice: Be respectful of others families time.
Pros: Good work life balance within the Aftersales division for CCA.

Cons: Advancement for all in an equal fashion.
Advice: Autonomy
Pros: Location for driving cost vs wages.

Cons: Early hours, few promotional opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, no degree required

Cons: - Poor program management. Unrealistic timeline to deliver milestone. - Overwhelming workload. No work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of internal opportunities to rotate - Inclusive working environment and company culture

Cons: Too many meetings; always changing tools.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, work from home

Cons: none to add at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. culture. pay. people.

Cons: stressful, not always supported by management, too many responsibilities for one person
Advice: None
Pros: best thing about GM was their benefits

Cons: few promotion opportunities for size of company
Advice: None
Pros: High pay, flexible work schedules

Cons: Work Life Balance Weekends, long shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, Benefits, Profit sharing

Cons: GM's evangelism of cultural diversity, inclusivity and acceptance is only applicable to those embraced as a part of their click or in-group.
Advice: GM's cultural value system is detached from its working reality due to not holding toxic managers or leaders accountable. When you find a way to hold managers and leaders accountable for upholding the "Good Ole Boy Network" at your firm then diversity will be attained and sustainable.
Pros: GM preaches a culture of inclusivity, diversity, and acceptance.

Cons: Never get an opportunity to advance. Its Salary versus hourly all the time.
Advice: Instead of talking down to employees, ask for their advice and be willing to entertain their ideas
Pros: They have a great benefits package. The pay rate is great to start

Cons: I don’t have any con yet.
Advice: None
Pros: I got hired as NCH and it’s been a year. I love my manager, she’s very attentive and cares about our growth. I have a great team so it makes my experiences good.

Cons: darn near everything else. way too much red tape
Advice: Remember what originally made your company great.
Pros: stability, salary, employee purchase program

Cons: Tend to get pushback from some tenured leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, work-life balance, competitive pay and benefits.

Cons: Due to WFH being so common, TRACK and EXCEL (new hire rotational and interns) employees were expected to carry the load of doing in person tasks because higher ups didn't want to waste time coming in. These tasks include gathering data and testing software. This led to a lot of extra commute as it was expected for us to work in both Warren and Milford.
Advice: None
Pros: All of the bosses and coworkers I had were very supportive and the culture was very good. You can get experiences with a lot of different systems to learn very fast.

Cons: Long daily hours that add up.
Advice: None
Pros: Many Holidays off to spend with family

Cons: General Motors relies heavily on SUVs and pickup trucks.
Advice: None
Pros: Being the leader and largest auto manufacturer in one of the largest auto market is a major strength

Cons: Mandatory ot, six day weeks, vacation allotment
Advice: None
Pros: Factory work. Set hours good pay

Cons: Takes longer to innovate and learn. Slow pace
Advice: Technical trainings and value technical leaders
Pros: Excellent work life balance. People organization

Cons: Time here was just for a check. Felt like a robot doing the same thing over and over again. All in all it just wasn't for me.
Advice: None
Pros: They have really great benefits

Cons: - had thought that job security was great, but with the number of layoffs I've seen it has been concerning - getting stuck in the wrong job or having a bad manager can make all the difference in your experience
Advice: None
Pros: - good work life balance IF you set boundaries on your time - resources usually available to do what you need - culture rapidly becoming very welcoming and accepting, though surely some pockets still exist where that is not the case

Cons: Senior leadership are out of touch
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work life balance there

Cons: Sometimes it’s really busy and a lot of late night meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work environment with a lot of support!

Cons: GM is a large company and is often faced with the bottlenecks associated with strong voices across different stakeholders in the industry. Continued evolution of the business to become more agile is a focus for the organization
Advice: None
Pros: General motors is effectively transitioning from ICE to EV vehicles, and extending the customer experience to excellence in safety, interiors, and automated driving. Utilizing it's manufacturing and operational excellence to transition in large scale will help change the landscape of the automotive industry

Cons: Sometimes they changed the systems very frequently.
Advice: They sometimes change the systems frequently.
Pros: The benefits are very good.

Cons: Very corporate not a lot of cross function work. employee performance system not built to reward hard workers multiple years in a row.
Advice: None
Pros: Always felt like my job was secure there

Cons: -Lack of quality data. -Too much data processing and redundant works -Lack of deep learning knowledge in the leadership.
Advice: Better organizational structures. Seems to happening...maybe too often.
Pros: -They let you model at least. Amazon might be the best option. -Hard to get fired.

Cons: Old technologies and unfriendly people
Advice: Replace management
Pros: Good WLB, can work remotel.

Cons: Limited opportunities for advancement Complacent leadership
Advice: Be more aggressive
Pros: Paid time off is great Flexible work environment Easy

Cons: Senior leadership and management openly lie to employees. No incentive to go above and beyond minimum duties resulting in poor quality solutions. Project leadership can never align on scope even after projects have started. Promotions very rarely happen without leaving the company and coming back.
Advice: Be more open and honest with employees. Reward employees more then a GM Recognition for exceling. Align on what the outcome of a project should be before it starts.
Pros: Great benefits and PTO. Good work life balance if your not a developer.

Cons: Heavy work load, very bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Exciting Projects, Great People

Cons: Offices Spread across the country and in person work still required. Typically working with people elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work with plenty opportunity to advance a career within GM.

Cons: Full time in person sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to get jobs within Good people Good standards

Cons: No respect for off hours or vacation time. Upper managers can treat subordinates with such disrespect it is shameful and embarrassing.
Advice: Get rid of the bad apples that are crippling honest feedback and morale.
Pros: Pay is decent although declining yr by yr, generation by generation.

Cons: Would be nice to have more available training.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work, great environment!

Cons: No cons to report at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, culture and benefits

Cons: Benefits are not great, you can get a high salary from their suppliers
Advice: None
Pros: You will learn a lot

Cons: Constant fear of lay offs
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and work life balance

Cons: Can be slow depending on team
Advice: None
Pros: Good company. Good salary and benefits

Cons: No real cons at this job
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits at this job

Cons: Long hours. Sometimes tough to breakthrough to new functional area.
Advice: None
Pros: A large company with numerous positions and opportunities. Pay is good with opportunities for overtime. Culture is good in a challenging environment.

Cons: Constant churn/change of direction. Understaffed for what they are trying to accomplish.
Advice: Staff appropriately for your goals. Pay a competitive rate so you don't lose so much talent.
Pros: Great benifits, time off, flexibility.

Cons: 1. Push to RTO is becoming more prevalent. 2. Leadership constantly lie and tell half truth's. 3. Recent shift in the way the company handles performance makes GM unappealing.
Advice: Be straight forward with your employee's about the state of the company.
Pros: 1. Pays well for the automotive industry, below Tesla 2. Decent Work Life balance if you stand your ground

Cons: Complete lack of transparency and truthful communication from top leadership.
Advice: The general workforce appreciates clarity and transparency a lot more than only telling us what you want us to hear. The lack of proper information leads to decisions made based on poor communication.
Pros: Tons of opportunities within company. Great people within the company as well.

Cons: You are expected to know everything under the sun and just know how to do it.
Advice: Value your employees a bit more
Pros: There are intelligent people who can help you with stuff

Cons: Slow room for growth. Need a good team
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, Good working, env

Cons: Being forced to return to office in a hybrid role, growth opportunities can slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, Work/Life balance are great

Cons: Long hours and New Technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Salary Teamwork

Cons: There's too many managers that don't do much
Advice: Stop fighting for the next job and focus on doing your well
Pros: Pay is pretty good here

Cons: overworked, not enough management support
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and decent pay

Cons: Work with not so motivated new hires
Advice: Take EVS seriously
Pros: Work with bright college new hires.

Cons: no cutting-edge, long process for innovation work
Advice: None
Pros: Chill work, an easy interview process

Cons: - Top Heavy (Leaders everywhere)
Advice: The policy of developing leaders on all aspects eventually hamper the performance. You need skill and knowledgable persons more instead of leaders everywhere.
Pros: - Exposures - Rich library, training programs, software - Diversity

Cons: It could be very stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources to get your work done

Cons: Automotive industry cylycal. Might end up in job u dislike with not much choice
Advice: None
Pros: Better pay and benefits than other 2 big 3. Lot of days off. Some great teams

Cons: I tend to think the focus and strategy is somewhat misguided as of late. Job roles tend to be small in scope and limited in influence and exposure to the big picture. Promotion opportunities seem to be based on appearance (minority, gender, etc.) and focus on being inclusive and diverse rather than performance.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to grow professionally, to learn tried and true processes, to rotate to new jobs, and to work with a very diverse workforce. Amazing benefits and pay - very competitive.

Cons: May have to work several weekends.
Advice: Better training for Group Leaders should be offered.
Pros: This job allows you to work with people that have several years of experience in Maintenance and Production. You can come right out of college and develop as a true professional while working as a Group leader at General Motors just in a few years. Your good work will be rewarded with good pay, vacation time and benefits.

Cons: The work load and work/life balance varies pretty widely based on the project team and location you work.
Advice: None
Pros: IT offices are relaxed and allow part remote work. GM offers great health &amp; retirement benefits with insurance premium assistance and better than average retirement matching.

Cons: hard for promotion, too many people to compete with.
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work and try new technology

Cons: Yearly concern of layoffs, most of the years
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, decent remote work options, decent raises

Cons: No proper evaluation from upper level
Advice: None
Pros: better place to work with new technology

Cons: Not the top company in terms of pay
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Good work/life balance Room to grow in the company

Cons: STAY AWAY FAR AWAY THIS COMPANY IS WOKE AS A JOKE. I have worked here for 30 years and it is now a WOKE Company. No accountability for any minority. Management thinks that a minority is not allowed to be addressed in any way and instead just get moved until they fall in a useless made up job or even worse promoted higher!!!! Yes they promote them and even just tell some work from home. Management will not take the steps to address those underperforming and instead will go after those who complain about those who are underperforming. People are told to leave that person alone when it comes to addressing underperforming employees. Upper leadership even offered promotions to eliminate/fire employees who tried to be Bold and speak up for the truth. Company leadership are all fist bumper’s because they think they are too good for shaking your hand like when employees worked and were held accountable. I may sound disgruntled and it is because I am just mad to see a Great Company turn Woke. I am retiring and taken care of very well with a buyout that works very well for me but still to see a Great Company go with the Woke movement is just disheartening. So if you think you are a hard, dedicated worker, just stay away from here for now and find another company that is willing to just make money and NOT cower to a WOKE society.
Advice: Treat ALL employees the same. Quit cowering to minorities who underperform and only kept to keep your 80-20 numbers inline with federal guidelines. Fire them and find another until you get a good employee as they are out there so DO THE HARD STUFF and get rid of them because you are polluting the group of Great employees that you do have already. Seriously quit letting useless employees walk all over you. I sure hope with the quarterly reviews now going to occur that the company will pursue eliminating some of these deadbeat employees that think just because they are in a protected class it doesn’t mean that they are not protected from being fired for NOT PERFORMING THEIR JOB.
Pros: Constant employment and a abundance of overtime if you want to work it. Decent bonuses the last few years but not before then in which it was a disgrace.

Cons: Does get stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for good benefits.

Cons: Having to be here by 8am
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is great, the training is through and they do not just throw you in the fire when hired.

Cons: Technical management not very knowledgeable, your growth is questionable as leadership needs more leadership and education
Advice: Keep educating your self, stop slacking
Pros: Not too demanding, good work life balance

Cons: Layoffs are cold hearted when they occur
Advice: None
Pros: Pays higher than others OEs

Cons: The office locations are not in desirable areas, and commuting is long due to traffic.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with diverse opportunities

Cons: Burn out is common with this organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to move with in the company for professional growth.

Cons: downsizing, life work balance, communication not as good as it be
Advice: None
Pros: Career driven. Alot of knowledge obtained

Cons: Not a great base pay
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work life balance with great benifits

Cons: Provide more resources to projects
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salaries Great benefits Good bonuses Flexible with remote work

Cons: Need to promote more people internally
Advice: None
Pros: Good Place to work here

Cons: return to work 3 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: The incentives, benefits, and bonuses

Cons: The workload piles up and is tedious Poor systems/process
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance Competitive pay Great benefits Good work environment

Cons: negative environment communication poor management work schedule
Advice: None
Pros: polish your skills networking create opportunities ability to learn new things

Cons: Unfortunately the workload that is expected out of people as we shrink the work force is too much to handle.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, lots of paid holidays and vacation. Also the parental leave policy is awesome compared to other companies.

Cons: Lower salary compare to others
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment to work in

Cons: Work/Life balance is way off.
Advice: Work/life balance, training and upward movement for talent.
Pros: Great money and a team atmosphere.

Cons: Too many levels of Management. Decisions sometimes can be delayed
Advice: None
Pros: Management communicates very well and is becoming very cognizant of work/life balance. Just like weather in Michigan...if you don't like it, just wait. There are so many different types of roles in the company

Cons: Bad luck of having a toxic manager who does not support or work at all
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to add new employee' exposure

Cons: Drama. The union is not on your side. Opt out of union dues. Management is very scary here. It’s a revolving door with how many people come in and out of here. General Forman stated “Who wants this smoke”. Yelling at everyone. The union will not protect you but go behind your back. This place is criminal. Cannot believe it is still running.
Advice: For starters: stop threatening people and intimidating them. People literally have family emergencies and they get written up if they don’t have enough time to support the absence. I swear this place is inhumane.
Pros: Benefits, profit sharing and nothing else

Cons: Very strict on everything and y'all don't get profit sharing
Advice: None
Pros: You were employed by gm

Cons: Legacy employees treat new employees with insults. Ridicule and make jokes about them.
Advice: New workers want a pleasant work environment. Harder to do a good job when being criticized, laughed at, and making fun of. I am willing to learn. I can do great work. I want to be your best worker, but how can I with terrible unfriendly long time employees making life difficult.
Pros: Good pay for the job. UAW is OK. Bosses are nice people.

Cons: Heavy lifting, machines break down all the time
Advice: Hear us out listen to what we have to say
Pros: Overtime, double pay for Sundays, and double pay for the first 90 days of work and then you get triple pay for holidays

Cons: Very big organization can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Frequent layoffs. No career growth
Advice: None
Pros: No one can beat their benefits and holidays.

Cons: Sometime difficult to navigate process and red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: The Work Life Balance is great

Cons: not that many cons but cons
Advice: None
Pros: good and very good but very good

Cons: Leadership changes directions a lot and lots of reorgs. Pay is slightly lower than expected standards but good benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues are a pleasure to work with. Good work-life balance.

Cons: Forced Hybrid (although I wanted remote) Lack of talent around you
Advice: Hire more qualified developers and stop paying low salaries to people who do nothing. Instead, get rid of them and pay decent salaries to fewer people who actually contribute.
Pros: Great benefits Low Expectations Fairly Flexible

Cons: Leadership is full of lies and deceit. They tell you no plans of back in person, and then force you a few weeks later. They said 0 planned layoffs, next month, they lay a bunch of people off. The team I was on had little to no direction, so tasks were not so well defined.
Advice: Maybe don't lie or beat around the bush. If you won't bother to listen to everyone's feedback, don't waste people's time doing those meetings.
Pros: Pay and benefits are okay.

Cons: You probably need to be lucky to do work you want to do
Advice: None
Pros: There is work life balance

Cons: Terrible management, terrible work life balance.
Advice: Follow your own mission statement Safety is our over-riding priority. Would be great if it was followed.
Pros: Union benefits and decent wages, not worth your health.

Cons: good good good good good
Advice: None
Pros: none none none none none

Cons: 6-7 days per week work!
Advice: None
Pros: Work hard you will go places

Cons: management discriminates against people of color
Advice: None
Pros: Good job if not discriminated against

Cons: Low pay at entry levels
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and awesome leadership

Cons: Poor work life balance, that will hopefully improve
Advice: None
Pros: Is a good job to earn a living and support a family

Cons: If you dont take your own initiative, you will just be part of a larger machine.
Advice: None
Pros: Its a great place to learn if you are a self starter. Good work life balance

Cons: - Too many meetings - Promotion
Advice: Non3
Pros: - Good benefits - HSA - 401K contribution - Opportunities to grow

Cons: Communication from leadership to the company
Advice: Stop the BS RTO, all the developers don't work better in the office environment. It's counter productive
Pros: Good work life balance for a tech role

Cons: Huge company means impact will sometimes be minimal
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, some interesting work, great flexibility, good people

Cons: Travel too much and bad leasers
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits for employees

Cons: Inefficient process with the many layers of leadership levels for approvals.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, forward thinking. Great comradery with coworkers and energetic atmosphere.

Cons: You can get siloed very quickly and as a nch you are at the liberty of placement.
Advice: None
Pros: Great worklife balance, good people.

Cons: Overly complex at times On call 24/7
Advice: Continue to streamline Empower decision making at the lowest level possible Keep strengthening the portfolio
Pros: Diverse opportunities Good pay and benefits Excellent CEO Strong products and brands

Cons: Way too much Union Drama.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and Benefits and Annual Bonus.

Cons: Can be a little slow sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work most of the time.

Cons: Front line managers are incompetent and are allowed to retaliate. Solid Ol boys network. Yearly bonus' are good, but you can go several years without a raise or 100 percent of your bonus. If you have an ok job, PLEASE do not quit it to come to GM. You will regret it. HR only cares about protecting the managers. Has a reputation for over-hiring, and then layoffs follow.
Advice: 
Pros: Benefits are good, lots of vacation time.

Cons: Corporate set raises are poor, understaffed, union is difficult to work with. Lots of weekend work is expected.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation package, insurance, bonus. Overtime is paid.

Cons: Terrible management and Unfair treatment
Advice: Need to talk to team leaders about the disrespect, communication and lack of accountability
Pros: Easy jobs with Good pay

Cons: poor work life balance, weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, salary, 401K match, paid tuition

Cons: outdated tech and outdated methodology
Advice: None
Pros: Its a good place to start out but after 2ish years I would start looking elsewhere

Cons: Trying to grow from waterfall into Agile.
Advice: Retain your best employees.
Pros: Most everything was likable about the work I did.

Cons: Lacks empathy towards employees and corporate awareness is bleak.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and PTO are strong.

Cons: return to office and layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: great vacation and work life balance

Cons: Compensation is too low for software engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance and supportive colleagues

Cons: if the team/project are bad then you get stuck a bit
Advice: Don't get rid of the seniors in favor of NCHs
Pros: If your team/manager is nice you can learn a lot and try things out, chill pace

Cons: They should have allowed remote work.
Advice: None
Pros: takes care of their employees

Cons: No work life balance. Plants are too far away from home. Union is subpar. Management is dicey. Breaks are too short.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay if you can handle all the hours.

Cons: Poor management /sabotage/ high turn over rate
Advice: Need to create an unbiased / business oriented / non discriminatory working environment
Pros: Good pay/ clean working environment/

Cons: Blatant racism, toxic coworkers, awful infrastructure, very frugal management
Advice: None
Pros: Management was nice, smart individuals here and there

Cons: With market demands, new employees are hiring in at near senior employee pay ranges. Not doing a good job at taking care of existing employees.
Advice: Take care of your current employees.
Pros: Decent work life balance for engineering.

Cons: Its a large company so requires a strong network to get the job or promotion you want. Difficult for mid-career hires due to coming in with weak networks as prior experience is overlooked at GM and not really considered.
Advice: From the Finance side I would add an Operational Controller where Controllership and Finance report into. A top leader whose focus is improving the day-to-day aspects of the department vs the hitting external targets for Wall Street.
Pros: Good values and company generally looks to help individuals succeed in their career

Cons: Money was not worth it. Poor management, onboarding was non existent, everybody seemed to be somebody’s family member, lots of old people, the office looked like it was from the 60’s, nobody knew what they were doing
Advice: Shut down
Pros: Pay was good, entry level financial analyst position paid $84.5k, also had good benefits

Cons: Very hard work, no room for growth, not flexible with schedules
Advice: None
Pros: Learn valuable job skills, good pay, learn work ethic.

Cons: Below Average Salary benchmark for the current growth. Managers with poor leadership qualities, biased and no clear communicators. Turnover rate is high.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and bonus opportunities, most groups have good day to day flexibility, nice perks (i.e., company car at certain levels, $1,500 annual HSA contribution, 4% company match on 401K, 12 weeks of maternity and paternity leave).

Cons: - Unstable - Management doesn't think before sending emails - Hypocritical
Advice: None
Pros: - Easily get promoted - Paid fairly

Cons: Pay and boring work and lots of red tape
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: Depends on team, but WLB could be one

Cons: Low pay in software industry
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance overall

Cons: Won't let you choose your laptop
Advice: None
Pros: They offer some good benefits

Cons: It takes 2 years and you might get full time and longer to get hired. No raises from the time you start till you do get hired. If they cancel Saturday you lose those hours. GM is not what it was 15 years ago
Advice: treat everybody the same! They have their favorites and give them the gravy jobs.
Pros: Union does help when you have a problem. Learn different jobs

Cons: Easily downsizes teams and let people go.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, good compensation

Cons: Slow in new technology adoption
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to work with

Cons: Slow development and usage of technology
Advice: None
Pros: very helpful and energetic team.

Cons: sometime lose sight of importance of employee engagement
Advice: Care more about diversity and inclusion. Used to be known as a diverse employer but that seems to be changing.
Pros: strong base pay, generous benefit package, annual profit sharing

Cons: Communication among internal teams needs work
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive team. One team culture

Cons: Glass Door they made me put this review in and fill out all fields before I could start an account I have nothing bad to say about it
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits flexible work nice people lots of opportunities to learn

Cons: I cant think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Great work life balance

Cons: Nepotism and politics play a huge role in company. People get ahead because of who they know in some cases. UAW rules/abuse can be frustrating.  Company trying very hard to manage toxic behavior but I've never seen more in my professional life.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous pay with large yearly bonus. Internal promotions. 16 holidays + Christmas to new years shutdown paid. Tons of vacation, 4 weeks after 2 years. Maternity and paternity leave is generous. Lots of pros.

Cons: - hard to get raises or climb the ladder quickly - can be pretty bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: - stable and secure job - lots of experience to be had in company - personal life balance was big within the company

Cons: culture, people are scared, bonuses are paid but are dictated by leaders
Advice: fix the culture. add more value
Pros: lots of movement, lots of change, great pay

Cons: Can't trust senior leadership. They walked back on so positive company policies.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and perks are Okay. I probably don't make as much as I could/should but it's not horrible. Actually I probably make more here than I could make any place else in metro Detroit. Car discounts are okay. Could be better with the higher price of cars. I really can't afford to lease the cars my company makes.

Cons: Lot of politics and need god father/mother for carrier growth
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work environment depends on which team you are in.

Cons: Changes in industry brings lot of chaos within the organization
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Too many reorgs. Otherwise I can't think of something else.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to learn and commitment from management to try new ideas, and learn from mistake. Management is willing to pivot direction if needed for the better of the company and its people.

Cons: Your car discount isnt much to call a discount. Anything is better than nothing though. No work sponsored team building/events.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, friendly people, have not had a bad manager

Cons: Long term Temp Non flexible hours
Advice: None
Pros: Develop your skills Great Environment

Cons: Standing for long periods of time
Advice: None
Pros: Good air conditioning Wonderful breaks

Cons: skill development is limited in role
Advice: None
Pros: strong work-life balance respected boundaries flexible work hours

Cons: Not that bad to work at
Advice: None
Pros: Great great great great great

Cons: Long days, 7 days a weak. High production requirements
Advice: Increase efficiency with days off
Pros: Very friendly and treat everyone with respect.

Cons: Dynamic Team settings that rotate/reassign to another team frequently
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment to work. Nice people in the team

Cons: Leadership is going to have a hard time earning back trust after return-to-office fumbles and VSP.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are solid, 401k matching

Cons: Lots of process to get work done.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Teammates are well versed and nice

Cons: Not so great team dynamic
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay at this position

Cons: A lot of restructuring organization with budget cuts, so people are getting pulled into teams that they didn't want.
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty good compensation or benefit

Cons: Not much training Fires you for nonsense
Advice: None
Pros: Air conditioning Met local celebrities Friendly Staff

Cons: Were starting to require employees to return to campus 3 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous amount of holidays, vacation, and paid company shut down last week of the year. Company is really focused on employee satisfaction.

Cons: Massive corp Insane amount of lingo
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Genuine people

Cons: Bad cafeteria and good food lots of freebies
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and jolly good time working there, free food

Cons: no bonus offered for the same work as legacy staff
Advice: None
Pros: having a steady job and weekly pay

Cons: There is no transparency. Leadership will always make promises they do not intend to keep. You will continue to move forward with an understanding of a plan, then when it comes time for promotions or raises, they tell you they will catch you up at the next review. It rarely happens.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits including 401k, bonus, healthcare

Cons: Promotion opportunities No stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Remote work Hybrid work Vacation Time

Cons: Some projects have delays / uncertainty which is typical
Advice: None
Pros: DRE Wonderful to work here

Cons: Everything from culture to morale is toxic.
Advice: None
Pros: You got great death survival benefits

Cons: Terrible management. I've been on 2 teams now where the project turns into an absolute dumpster fire because the managers are awful. On top of that they will take absolutely 0 responsibility for anything going wrong with the project.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Lots of PTO

Cons: Constant shutdowns and temporary layoffs
Advice: Hire management from within instead of outside from completed different industries
Pros: Decent pay when you’re able to work

Cons: bad sometimes but cool sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: good fast nice cool nice

Cons: Sometimes you have forced overtime but not more than 2 hours unless you wanted more hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Benefits, loved working with coworkers they were like family.

Cons: If you are a woman, stay out of the fabrication jobs. I just watched 2 highly skilled women get driven out by the good ole boys club. Sexual harassment and sexist comments and discrimination run rampant in the fabrication shops.
Advice: None
Pros: General Motors has competitive benefits, salary, and bonus structure. Working with the talent in the studios is amazing. Highly skilled, creative, professionals.

Cons: salary is still under market value
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are decent enough to get you by

Cons: Need to promote more internal team.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is Technology company and Manufacturing company.

Cons: Too much politics and bureaucracy that go into GM. They don't care about you. Managers don't care about you too, and will mostly lie to you with positive words without actual criticism, so you're mostly in the dark. At the end of the day, GM is a corporate company.
Advice: Be more transparent.
Pros: Good company to getting your foot in the door as a software developer/engineer

Cons: Very complicated systems to deal with
Advice: More training
Pros: Good pay Alot of resources

Cons: No longer offer a pension plan to salary workers
Advice: None
Pros: Great People. Great opportunity to make a difference

Cons: Where do I start. The last 3 years have been a political hurricane. Employees have been at the frontline of every PR move by the company to look good. Remote work to get pushed to not remote work. Then have no real communication on what exactly RTO means because every org has a different meaning. We forced people to relocate for a job they hired into as remote. After they relocated we terminated them and forced them to pay back relocation assistance. Nepotism is like wild fire here. Discrimination is the blood of this company despite the internal front page postings of inclusive environments… only inclusive to certain folks who know certain folks. Pay is extremely out of touch to other OEs. Yearly reviews are 100% a joke. There is no incentive to perform as you can be a top performer or a bottom performer regardless of accolades and regardless of doing things outside of your job description and still just get a par review. The attempt to fire people who got sub par reviews without any sort of leader 101 of career development has done nothing but demotivate us even more.
Advice: GM used to be a place I enjoyed working at. The last 3 years has slowly bled out morale, motivation and has caused mental health issues for a great deal of its employees. I would recommend getting out of the cubical and actually having a safe space conversation with people 1 on 1. Hopefully they are bold enough to tell you the truth. Lastly, you would be shocked how little your leaders do and how much the ICs do their work and even build their presentations and reports FOR YOU.
Pros: Getting 3 weeks of vacation to start is inviting. The only other positive aspect has been the work life balance.

Cons: lack advantage in local market
Advice: None
Pros: rotational opportunities mentorship work-life-balance good benefit

Cons: earning potential capped by corporate levels
Advice: hire diverse crowds
Pros: Promotion from within the company

Cons: Advancement can be very politically biased
Advice: Consider the customer in product planning, you can't skip the customer and go straight to pleasing Wall St.
Pros: Work life balance and pay are very good

Cons: some times work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Hybrid model, new technology, growth opportunity

Cons: Company got bloated within 3 years after bankruptcy.  Lessons learned through BK were lost.
Advice: Bring back a proper Blazer!
Pros: I enjoyed a long and rewarding career at GM, and took advantage of the many career options made available.

Cons: SLT needs to get their stuff together
Advice: Listen to the workers
Pros: Good management and great EGMs

Cons: Traditional, old, distance, salary, diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Team building, job security, growth

Cons: Management is never on the same page. Communication is trash. Morale is in the tank. Hours are LONG.
Advice: Get it together. Stop expanding the divide between hourly and salary. It’s supposed to be a TEAM environment and it is very much the opposite.
Pros: Great benefits. Easy, but physical, labor.

Cons: Process from application to hire date was extremely long.
Advice: There could be an issue for those becoming a Group Leader for the first time and may need more in depth training. Noticed a few new hires in this role get a walk through for two days then thrown to the wolves. There should be a chance for those individuals to have a longer training period due to backgrounds varying in leadership experience.
Pros: Great benefits, culture, support system, and training process.

Cons: Not a lot of transparency in how far-reaching decisions are made.
Advice: None
Pros: Prioritizes growth of team members and works hard to retain top talent.

Cons: Good luck getting promoted... this will take an act of god.
Advice: None
Pros: Very professional and focused on employee development

Cons: Long commute time. Too big
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, plenty of opportunities

Cons: Dumb management is clueless about maintenance
Advice: Listen to people who actually perform the task
Pros: Open OT is available everyday

Cons: Pay could be higher comparatively
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is really well

Cons: None, a lot of hours , it was a great job
Advice: None
Pros: I had the bast job ever. I traveled all over the country doing Auto shows.

Cons: Lay off every other month is the bad thing there
Advice: Temp workers are also human beings. Also give them some benefits like full time workers.
Pros: Great environment with friendly people helping eachother.

Cons: Manager retaliates, never want to conduct a two way conversation! For example, everything is well I know this and I know that, without even once in any 1:1 nor review asking my goals are what I want to achieve! Everything is taken as a challenge to this manager, for example I asked how could I improve to get more. This manager got upset, and it showed in the actions towards me! This manager is targeting me on everything! What this manager think they know about my goals, they try to convey discouraging words to me as often as possible to let me know, I would never get the support needed to transition! It’s always, there are no roles in that area available, or even if there is a posting no one can give you the job… you have to apply… but that doesn’t mean you’re the best candidate! Making statements like that, as if anyone has ever given someone of my background anything, a person like me always have to be over qualified and then some. Nevertheless, to add insult as if I don’t know that if there’s a posting I have to apply! It’s like this manager speaks to me like I am ignorant and don’t have excellent understanding! This manager likely has belittled me so much to HR and their direct reports, just to tarnish my reputation! But what goes around comes around! Karma is a mutha! No weapon will ever form against me! The more this manager scandalize my name out of pettiness and continue retaliating… God see’s all, I don’t have to do anything but pray for that person! Because obviously, they need it to extract Satan out of them! Furthermore, this manager lies like nobody business, I mean, of course there are roles available in what I would prefer to do. But the fact that this manager tried to discourage that goal from me is just so disappointing! The only thing I truly have going for me under this manager that they can’t cut down is my work ethic and performance! Unfortunately, I will never get anywhere career wise with this person of authority being spiteful toward me! GM as a company needs to invest in training managers on communicating with employees, and how to handle situations that may anger a manager because it’s not what they want for that employee! That’s all fine and dandy, an employee and manager can agree to disagree on topics! However, a manager should be trained to handle the employees of that will not kiss butt or hype their ego up! Excessively using the little authority they have to cast a negative perception of me is unwarranted and has to stop! It’s not right to retaliate! That’s the part this manager should be careful about! It’s becoming an annoying pattern. I am documenting it!
Advice: Stop being petty! Stop retaliating! Take at least one moment to talk with your employees and ask them their goals etc., instead of starting a 1 on 1 or review with… “ I already know xyz, that’s the most frustrating thing an employee can hear”! When horrible managers like that get to that level that they know it all, without ever asking the employee… what’s the point of the 1 on 1 or review… just send an email of what you have cooked up based on your thoughts about that employee! That employee needs not to waste the 10 min to hear you state you know everything! It’s infuriating, and it truly shows your competence as a manager! I would never consider my assigned manager a Leader… Something I feel GM has missed the ball on when hiring and poorly developing these managers! There needs to be sensitivity training, listening training, and communication training! The basics!
Pros: Time off, vacation, hard to find pros

Cons: No cons. ANYONE CAN work at gm.
Advice: None
Pros: Management encourages new talent and acknowdlege the hardwork put in by employees

Cons: Dev leads lack, they mostly will just pass off tasks and development to other devs and usually do the bare minimum. Management can be rough at times.
Advice: None
Pros: The team I work with is amazing and all the developers I talk to are all great people who are also good at what they do. The work life balance is great if you focus on it. Its easy to get pushed into working many hours over.

Cons: Some people might not like rotating and networking every six months.
Advice: NA
Pros: Rotations helps us get experience in various fields.

Cons: Difficult transition time for the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great company vision and leadership team

Cons: A lot to learn in 6 months for each rotation but well worth it!
Advice: None
Pros: Welcoming environment and upper leadership loves engaging with TRACK employees

Cons: Under level pay, good for entry level
Advice: None
Pros: Work and life balance is good

Cons: Office location in Austin was previously a warehouse
Advice: None
Pros: They have amazing benefits including Christmas week company wide shutdown. My boss was very forward thinking which is imperative in tech.

Cons: There are some at night meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: There are good people here.

Cons: The government won't let them fail. It is not a sustainable business model.
Advice: None
Pros: I can think of nothing worth riding in the dehumanizing shitbag of a dumpster fire that they call a corporation.

Cons: Recently they’ve handled communication with employees poorly, especially over big company wide decisions Return to in-person was forced and faced backlash
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, strong company culture (within specific teams), lots of ERGs

Cons: Work can be unrewarding at times Project work can ramp up extremely quickly
Advice: None
Pros: Management genuinely cares about your career interests Work from home flexibility Free EV Charging available

Cons: There are no cons to this job it’s all negative
Advice: Get a new job
Pros: I was let go because of lies and they did nothing to help

Cons: Auto industry can be volatile. In and out of hiring/spending freezes. Inconsistent budgets.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, great people. Lots of opportunity.

Cons: No option to work remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at this company is an excellent experience as it boasts a well-organized work environment, and the managers are highly supportive of their team members.

Cons: Top leadership tend to have mood swings.
Advice: Don’t keep lower level management in the dark with major shifts.
Pros: Great place to work if the direct leader protects you from overloading to make him/her look good.

Cons: feels a bit like school with how often you change jobs
Advice: Have good transition materials!
Pros: good work life balance flexible work hours great way to work in a lot of areas

Cons: Leadership is not transparent. Work life balance can get bad (again depending on what team). Sometimes work goes unnoticed and unrewarded.
Advice: None
Pros: Raise and bonus. Work life balance is good depending on which team you land on.

Cons: Poor top-level decision-making can be frustrating Mid-level managers given little training on leading people
Advice: None
Pros: Talented and dedicated coworkers Generous benefits Positive and constructive culture Excellent facilities

Cons: Management to worker ratio is overloaded with managers delegating their tasks to the over worked and understaffed developers. Work environment is characterized by chaos and fault finding.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and good benefits

Cons: Union work, forced overtime, and if you’re better at the task the management and other employees lean on you to complete task.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, payed well, vacation and sick leave.

Cons: Pay for contract work is low
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great work life balance, work environment, and organization

Cons: Long hours, weekends, switching shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, benefits, people are great

Cons: Bully managers could have a negative impact on morale and profits. Management career goals would get in the way of company goals. Site did not have a future.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent management. Shifted with management style. Good benefits. Great Team to work with.

Cons: I've been with GM for 8 months and I love it
Advice: None
Pros: very flexible, it can be individual and team oriented

Cons: Team was not very close, I worked remote so I didn't feel connected to them. I also wasn't a huge fan of our project
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good salary, smart people

Cons: Office indoor HVAC control is not very accurate and user-comfortable
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule Work life balance is great in southeast Michigan Collaborations among organization is convenient Care more about all employees

Cons: Senior Leaders don't really care about the little guys when money is on the line. They will say one thing and then their actions say another. It's disheartening.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is nice, but it depends on the team. My team and my manager is fantastic, but I have heard of other teams being very rough.

Cons: Cyclical industry with frequent layoffs.
Advice: Be honest with employees.
Pros: Great place to start career as they have a lot of training and diverse projects to work on. Excellent benefits including up to 8% 401k matching and 15 vacation days to start, 20 vacation days after 2 years plus 14-17 holidays a year.

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, kind people, etc

Cons: Working with a large company can be a challenge to get yourself noticed.
Advice: None
Pros: GM was a great company to work for. I ended my 35 years of IT with the last 9 at GM. I and our team contributed to the success of internal IT for GM using operation data and analytics. I felt I was given the freedom to use creativity to solve business problems with the support of my leadership chain. There are plenty of opportunities to advance and contribute.

Cons: Not much room for innovation and growth
Advice: less nonsense meetings
Pros: Nice coworkers and managers. Flexible work schedule. Laid back and not much pressure

Cons: Less pay than other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture Great leadership Great learning opportunities within SD area Great benefits

Cons: pay is good, but not consistent with all races. They claim to be inclusive but white males still make than others.
Advice: stop the madness l. if you truly believe in inclusion let the pay be by performance not by race or sex. Iknow its not the case in every situation but upper management needs to review the practices at all sites. there are tokens but the good old boys still reign.
Pros: You have stead work with good pay.

Cons: Career development assistance could be better
Advice: None
Pros: The people seems really nice

Cons: Pay can be higher for one
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is very balance until it isn’t

Cons: None that I’ve experienced as of yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work atmosphere. Co-workers are great people to work with. Pay, and benefits are some of the best in the USA economy.

Cons: Some toxic employees antagonizing you for no apparent reason
Advice: None
Pros: Learned lots and experienced more

Cons: Repetitive nature Lack of youth/innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable hours Cool work initially Low stress

Cons: The call could bring you down.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone was nice, helped you learn.

Cons: Very difficult to advance your career
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive base pay and good bonuses

Cons: Location can be an issue for some people as it stays cold for half the year.
Advice: None
Pros: GM excels in the work/family culture. Many of the benefits are targeted towards young families and helping them out with time off and with expenses that involve around growing your family. Pay is fairly competitive and bonuses have been good so far I have been with the company.

Cons: metrics are sometimes valued more than reality
Advice: None
Pros: learn how to work as a team

Cons: Money isn't exactly market Company is very wishy washy with changes Workers are not very well respected by senior leadership
Advice: Invest more into your workforce and they will give you more returns
Pros: They have a great work life balance

Cons: Does not offer full remote positions.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with GM for 13 years and would recommend anyone seeking an engineering role to work here.

Cons: Can be stressful sometimes. You may need to work extra hours sometimes, but you get compensated for them. You may be needed to work off shift. Union people are hard to deal with. Lots of old equipment with some advanced technologies as well.
Advice: Put employees' feedback into actions, improve work-life balance, and recognize people who really deserve.
Pros: Good Pay. Good benefits. Good Bonus. Lots of Smart people to work with. Tuition Reimbursement. Helps build your skills.

Cons: It’s a big corporation so confusing corporate decisions happen
Advice: None
Pros: Work - life balance and compensation is great.

Cons: i dont see any. it was great place
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great. people are good.good culture

Cons: Leadership changes, more in person work
Advice: None
Pros: GM has a very inclusive environment where everyone is always willing to help and support.

Cons: length of time to be promoted is long at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and compensation is good including bonus. Great leadership.

Cons: Bad managers. Long hours too
Advice: No advice. Just do better
Pros: Alright job. Terrible managers but it’s the car biz

Cons: I can think of no cons at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, fast paced, individual ownership of work and projects.

Cons: Leadership is can be dodgy about hard hitting topics sometimes, giving vague unsatisfying answers with "more to come"
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of work flexibility, lots of focus on DEI, which is great to see.

Cons: Red tape, management had misaligned incentives
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay - coworkers were okay

Cons: None. Company is in good position
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: poor communication from the top down on layoffs or other employee affecting matters. Usually here from the news first or at the same time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, good people, good work environment and flexibility

Cons: More busy after covid Feel like some office politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great team Decent hours Decent benefits

Cons: Money, stagnancy, lack of diversity in upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Money, flexibility, freedom, fast paced

Cons: Lack of upward mobility in tech
Advice: None
Pros: End of year bonus and benefits

Cons: I don't have many cons to give at this time.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Parental Leave, good benefits, good working environment.

Cons: Frequent reorganization and constant change of management
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and Benefits

Cons: Lots of hours with no pay. Shift work.
Advice: None
Pros: Leading and cutting edge technology.

Cons: frequent org changes and not offering much work from home
Advice: None
Pros: It 's a big company and offering full time benefits and good package. work life balance

Cons: None. very solid company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Good team of qualified people

Cons: Insular culture, not invented here
Advice: Learn lessons on what not to do from the pre-2008 era
Pros: Large company, rapidly changing business

Cons: Management, forced OT and coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: Overtime and health benefits that’s about it

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Continue to listen to employees new and old to improve the culture.
Pros: Culture as improved since the last time 10 years ago I interviewed with GM.

Cons: Hybrid method seems to be backwards thinking
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment Friendly work zone

Cons: Working six days a week was just too much
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and earn good money

Cons: Work is boring, same thing for 8 hours. Cant get to full time without spending years there.
Advice: Increase pay
Pros: Easy work and nice coworkers.

Cons: Work life balance can be tough
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is absolutely fantastic to be around

Cons: Lack of communication, old tech stacks
Advice: None
Pros: Open environment, room of growth

Cons: There aren’t really any cons
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a good company to work for

Cons: The training is almost non existing
Advice: Train new college hires.
Pros: Work life balance is great with hybrid

Cons: Lack of trust with leadership Say one thing do another Pay could be higher compared to other companies Small pay gap between Jr and Sr level positions
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Schedule Unlimited Sick Days Great PTO Great 401k match Hybrid work

Cons: Offer a better health plan.
Advice: Mentor your employees.
Pros: Salary increases and bonuses. Job mentoring and availability. Benefits are wide ranging. Experience and challenges are rewarding.

Cons: None Really, the company was great to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: Really enjoyed my time here. I was moved out when they did a reorganization.

Cons: The company does not give you any respect anymore
Advice: Management needs to have integrity like they used to have years ago but for some reason they have lost it
Pros: Building great vehicles in usa

Cons: Standing on feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Co-Workers Pay Managers Security

Cons: Rigid structure, slow promotion process
Advice: None
Pros: Shift towards EV is exciting

Cons: Heavy emphasis in area not key to organizations success, lack of travel, inability to see process, virtual engineering not coordinated- shutting off lab before modeling is capable
Advice: Allow employees to travel to see their parts and process.
Pros: Benefits time off and hybrid work

Cons: Opportunities to level up are sometimes limited
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and opportunities tomorrow freely throughout the company

Cons: Long hours, wears on body
Advice: I was on my job for years and moved up to lead job in my plant
Pros: Long term , excellent benefits , meeting good people

Cons: Large companies are sometimes rigid and difficult to move up in.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, very good work environment, company always actively looking to provide a fair/inclusive environment and pays a very fair wage w/ great benefits.

Cons: - Lots of management changes, though this typically doesn't affect non-mangers too much.
Advice: None
Pros: - For a car company, there is a strong effort to work with the latest and greatest technologies. - Collaboration is encouraged. - Relatively laid back while being challenging. Great work life balance.

Cons: Pays not equal to market
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and work life balance

Cons: Flex Schedule, Overtime, Union Environment
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Benefits, Work life balance, continued improvement

Cons: Old school management and culture., poor leadership
Advice: Watch Richard Branson on MasterClass
Pros: Marketing budgets and resources available

Cons: They try to hire hundred to thousand of people in one year and next year they said they need to cut off the budget then here all the layoffs happen
Advice: None
Pros: GM has great Benefits and PTOs

Cons: Automotive industry can make layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly atmosphere. Hybrid work schedule

Cons: Large company - can get lost in the shuffle to easily
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, flexible schedule, good benefits

Cons: Poor new hire training and organization. Political sessions. Sudden terminations without forewarning for cost cutting. Excessive meetings filling up most days Poor assigning of work
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Excellent benefits Solid work life balance Mostly good employee standards

Cons: Not a lot of advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance was great

Cons: Hiring Managers can be slow to respond/difficult to work with sometimes but that's across all organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is a company that seems to genuinely care about their employees. I work with smart individuals who are technology forward and transforming the Talent Acquisition space. I'd recommend the company to anyone.

Cons: Parking is difficult, and makes for long walks in. Food inside building is heavy inflated. Would think GM would subsidize the food or at less at cost.
Advice: None
Pros: 4 week’s vacation, full week off during Christmas. Work life balance.

Cons: Layoffs every few years WAY too many meetings Too much upper management and not enough worker bees
Advice: Stop the meetings....
Pros: Great work environment. Flexible schedule Great pay and benefits

Cons: Bad leaders exist everywhere. Unfortunately, I ended up with one and left.
Advice: Don’t promote “pony show” individuals into leadership roles. Focus on results.
Pros: Values driven organization. Good pay.

Cons: Michigan only, have to find your nitch to get promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: pay, benefits, PTO, flexibility, HSA $1500.00 incentive, people

Cons: I have no complaints as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is leaning more on the life side than work which is a plus.

Cons: Many reorgs, no focused training for the role
Advice: Improve mentorship programs within teams, promote team work and team support to increase employee retention
Pros: Good salary plus bonus, benefits

Cons: Too much meeting, there are a lot of backlog
Advice: None
Pros: Good team communication, people are very nice.

Cons: Management stuck in the past. Don't know agile.
Advice: Find new management that understand latest software processes
Pros: Flexible working, interesting technologies, good opportunities

Cons: Winter time need to be on schedule More jobs, book winter jobs
Advice: Winter is a slow season on Construction businesses in NÉ
Pros: Very flexible schedule for all jobs during three season

Cons: Long hours and lots of reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule and great teamwork

Cons: Not a lot of face-to-face interaction due to hybrid work arrangements.
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful, friendly, environment. Management wants you to succeed.

Cons: Will have a to compete with big software houses, like Google, Yahoo, Amazon, Tesla, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Adopting new technology. Trying to be more of software company. Will help to take more market share as a software house.

Cons: I don't have any cons while working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment and work balance

Cons: Hours are long and pay is poor.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits including time off are good.

Cons: Management is still dated and out of touch. They rebranded as a tech company but is still far from it.
Advice: Retire already
Pros: Good coworkers. Interesting product. Long company history with many tall tales.

Cons: Expected (required) to move around a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of upward and lateral career options and opportunities

Cons: Very big company comes with blanket HR policies and pay and restrictions that managers use to hide behind rather than address performance directly
Advice: None
Pros: Emphasis on safety at GM makes working in safety feel rewarding

Cons: Expectations to move every two years, with goalposts moving
Advice: Hope you get a good team leader makes all the difference
Pros: Good perks, Medical 401k match 4%, IVF support new in 2022, Free online trainings.

Cons: RTO policy has been delivered poorly
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to grow your skills

Cons: A few senior managers and directors do not manage the teams well
Advice: None
Pros: Great place for new graduate to learn new technologies

Cons: Auto culture can be intensive
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive comp Good benefits like maternity and paternity leave

Cons: Leadership sometimes focuses too much on metrics Direction changes a lot with leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work on projects and not be micromanaged

Cons: Lower than average salaries compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and office environment

Cons: Promotions, hours, commitment, vertical growth, performance reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, culture, pay, benefits, balance

Cons: If there’s more promotion opportunity would be good!
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits good, and working environment is good too.

Cons: Because it's such a big organization, employees can only really focus on one area or work at a time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is open to provide WFH, hybrid and remote opportunities. Additionally, managers ensure that we can maintain a proper work life balance. GM also provides tuition reimbursement for continuing education.

Cons: It can be hard to manage multiple projects and requests from other researches all at the same time.
Advice: Be as open and transparent as possible for the exchange of information
Pros: Flexible hours and work content within projects. This really opens the door for a lot of opportunity

Cons: long work hours and managers who thought you wanted their job
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, nice bonuses and good network

Cons: Over worked and unspoken expectation to work overtime. Random reshuffling and poor management with no growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Support for learning new skills and gaining certifications.

Cons: - Management keeps all the money for themselves despite $70Bn corporate debt - RTO implemented - Wages are low - Senior leadership is awful
Advice: Pay fairly to the engineers who innovate and who have created the products you sell.
Pros: - Good insurance - All other benefits have been revoked

Cons: Churns, heavy travels during certain period.
Advice: None
Pros: Organized, room to learn and grow

Cons: - large company - long hours
Advice: - continue to follow the culture
Pros: - amazing culture to work in - amazing benefit package and bonus package - opportunities for promotion and lateral transfers

Cons: Layoffs, performance based culture pivot
Advice: None
Pros: The onboarding for NCH was really good and the expectations are realistic for what you are accountable for

Cons: Poor communication in a Big fast moving company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and Good pay

Cons: Volatility in staff management (i.e., over-bloating workforce then doing layoffs)
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good. Opportunities are available for advancement.

Cons: only some cons come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: good good grat great good

Cons: Pay is lower than other companies No stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Good Colleagues Good Benefits Great Work Life Balance

Cons: Horrible treatment of employees and more-so new hires
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay for the work

Cons: Slow career growth Low base salary
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work-life balance Great work culture

Cons: In orientation they tell you that you become permanent after 2 years. That is not true. You will work and get paid no more than 32 hrs a week for at least 3-4 years. You will then have to work full time/6 days for 1 year before they will convert you to permanent.
Advice: Stop lying to temps.
Pros: It's a place to make money so you don't starve.

Cons: Consistently moving throughout the factory
Advice: Pay attention
Pros: Work well with the team

Cons: Its like high school with mandatory detention
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Great pay Tons of OT

Cons: Sometimes you need to work with legacy technology
Advice: None
Pros: Job security is great, co-workers are chill

Cons: Long hours and work weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and competitive benefits

Cons: A lot of employees see a Slow career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams Great management Flexible schedule

Cons: Bad Weather, commute and workload
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good management, good benefits

Cons: Went back to hybrid office work. In the office 2-3 days a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation time is great, most people are great to work with, good work/life balance

Cons: Big company with high public exposure muddies the relationship between PR and internal culture Pay loosely based on performance - poor performance assessment systems
Advice: None
Pros: Great work flexibility. Good benefits, internal opportunities, and networking

Cons: Under staffed, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work, lots of overtime if you want it

Cons: Like any major company, leadership is sometimes not transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at

Cons: Senior leadership does not care about employees, and will mandate returning to office, regardless of your personal situation. Managers and loyal employees will be as loyal to those changes. Employee's opinions are not heard and not considered.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good pay, good people and peers

Cons: Not found any to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee Benefits and compensation

Cons: 20% of the people do 80% of the work Hard workers don't always get recognized The office is depressing
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive Salary for Entry Level Great Lower Level Management You get to learn a lot of new skills Many positions to explore if not satisfied with current Job Security

Cons: make sure you wear comfortable clothing and are able to be required to continuously perform the same job for hours at a time.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, culture has improved over the decade

Cons: very slow company culture bleh
Advice: None
Pros: Okay It coulve been better. wish I coded

Cons: Lack of accountability for mid-management.
Advice: None
Pros: Big name which comes with typical big company problems.

Cons: Sometimes boring, workload is poorly managed
Advice: Enpower you employees in decicion making
Pros: Perks, security, famaly oriantaded, flexible

Cons: Workload and work-life balance is a con
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, allows you to drive your own career. Endless technical traint

Cons: Management needs improvement. Bad communication
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, holidays and PTO

Cons: Too many initiatives to be supported by contraction
Advice: Hope your best ones stay.
Pros: 1 round of layoffs with buyouts offered to over 55,000

Cons: - 5 year cycle of mass hirings and firings on a corporate-wide scale
Advice: None
Pros: - Good pay &amp; benefits

Cons: Layoffs come at an extremely odd time, considering company has had greatest profit in company history.
Advice: None
Pros: Job has been great initially, but can turn a cold shoulder quick.

Cons: Used to build v8 American muscle cars until the union convinced us to vote for politicians that killed internal combustion engines and jobs
Advice: Ditch the union.
Pros: Used to be very fun and lively on the line before the outlawed radios

Cons: No innovation; Hard to move around
Advice: None
Pros: 4% raise every year; good amount of vacations

Cons: Can feel large and bureaucratic at times
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom to do your job as you see fit, great salary and benefits, collaborative work environment

Cons: Negative feedback could get you fired without notice.
Advice: None
Pros: Depends on team, but workload has been really light. Excellent work life balance, hybrid but team is in Detroit. .

Cons: corporate hierarchy very present in team/department
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance (sometimes)

Cons: Office in Detroit and not much remote opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and pay are great.

Cons: Too many management layers, overall great company though
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great organization to be in.

Cons: Not a lot of opportunity for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Very interesting projects, fun work environment

Cons: Return to office is pushed pretty hard and adds unnecessary stress to the job. Works for some but for others the added stress greatly reduces productivity.
Advice: Be more flexible with allowing employees to work from home
Pros: Good work life balance overall

Cons: everchanging irregular hours, having trouble staying staffed for engineering
Advice: Pay engineers enough to put up with the crazy hours, then put them in a desirable schedule so they won't get burned out and leave.
Pros: decent pay, great benefits, clean environment, good co-workers

Cons: no sponsorship for internationals and no traveling
Advice: None
Pros: healthcare, learning opportunities, good team, performance incentives, and overtime.

Cons: I don't have anything for me.
Advice: None
Pros: Good life and work balance

Cons: Not many growth opportunities here.
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, good work life balance

Cons: Some leaders are unfamiliar with the innovation practice Building a culture of innovation from scratch
Advice: Remain open-minded to try and experiment
Pros: Good work environment Work-life balance Work is manageable

Cons: Expensive benefits; long work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Team environment with coworkers; Pay

Cons: Not much upside for over performance, everyone basically gets the same pay bump every year
Advice: None
Pros: Company has good products and market share

Cons: Limited advancement Employee longevity Lack of diversity in leadership roles
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits Assignments Training Functional Agility

Cons: You need to depend on yourself to understand your product
Advice: None
Pros: You learn alot about emerging technologies

Cons: Very exhausting and do not recommend, hard work not valued or appreciated.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and a lot o f over time, for people who like OT

Cons: They focus on numbers and money rather than people
Advice: None
Pros: Good company culture and good benefits

Cons: Not any different from any top 5000 company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay, and good people to work for.

Cons: Mid-management lacks focus Slow to react and then over-reacts to business changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit package Overall good office culture Solid coworkers

Cons: No remote work, very few women in IT,
Advice: Make directors rotate divisions and groups they manage
Pros: Pay, benefits, multiple locations, training

Cons: It's easy to get lost in the vastness.
Advice: None
Pros: With the right leader a great company to work for.

Cons: In the era of highlighted DE&amp;I, the culture is declining for the worse. Very poor work place of choice scores from both hourly and salary employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is paid handsomely for OT.

Cons: team leads like to micromanage, managers nitpick their employee's timesheets, too much work is assigned per person &amp; expected to work late hours and weekends, and too many org changes every quarter so I don't even know who I'm working with half the time. Didn't sign up for this. Also, told WFH for good then GM switched up and back in the office 3x week? 1 hr commute for entry-level pay isn't worth it.
Advice: stop micromanaging your employees, be transparent when hiring
Pros: working from home but that's taken away so...none lol

Cons: Bad management Get throw into whatever team
Advice: Allow for better job rotations for new devs
Pros: Good benefits Good opportunities Good bonus

Cons: Cons - Return to office
Advice: None
Pros: Pros - Good work life balance

Cons: A lot of acronyms and office jargon.
Advice: None
Pros: Supporting coworkers. Challenging and engaging tasks.

Cons: Culture needs improvement in all areas
Advice: None
Pros: Proven ability for manufacturing experience

Cons: Hot work area but easy work
Advice: Keep working with the rank and file
Pros: Nice coworkers easy work good pay

Cons: Stressful environment, stuck between upper management and UAW TM’s
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, days go by fast

Cons: hard to grow in the company. learned very little from this job
Advice: None
Pros: You won't be doing much for the first 6 months. The work life balance is amazing.

Cons: - min salary for the location - no remote option
Advice: None
Pros: - really good work-life balance - Good insurance - Good management

Cons: Lots of covering multiple tasks due to call ins
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good bonus; I like the people that are actually there to work.

Cons: Stock price does not increase
Advice: None
Pros: Zero Zero Zero future plilosophy

Cons: less opportunities and work life balance
Advice: want to work in company
Pros: better job opportunities and will gain more knowledge and experience

Cons: Out of control amount of unjustified promotions to meet DEI objectives. Workhorses just get more workload.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to make vehicles great and drive excellence

Cons: Appreciate the knowledge base within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: It has its eyes to the future.

Cons: GM is big and can be difficult to break into the appropriate circles
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to rotate to different areas within finance

Cons: far commute hard to live in city if u don't know anyone
Advice: None
Pros: so amazing lots of team work always up to date

Cons: Less pay, Prejudice, Harassment, jobs, hard work
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Benefits, People, Friendly, Products

Cons: Too many people making decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Lies after lies from the leadership. Work from home is the new norm until it isn’t. No layoffs planned, 4 weeks later layoffs start. It never ends with the leaks to the press from leadership and they never address any questions asked.
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus when we have one

Cons: Longer working hours are sometimes required.
Advice: None
Pros: Hands on work, with first hand look at the product

Cons: Large company, you need the drive to move where you want
Advice: Bring back more of the car buying incentives for GM employees
Pros: Great atmosphere, great leadership, great pay, lots of ability to move around the company

Cons: Still a Boys club, but looking to change that
Advice: None
Pros: Can make it what you want. Good room for growth

Cons: Sometimes you get stuck in your position due to external forces(job freezes)
Advice: None
Pros: Entry level positions are abundant

Cons: Just awful managers that decide your job fate
Advice: None
Pros: Some smart folks work there

Cons: Constantly reducing headcount. Top heavy. Right hand and left hand.
Advice: None
Pros: Healthcare and 401K match is average. Internal promotions go to friends, not high performers.

Cons: Lack of promotions, poor leadership, and women held back
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great opportunity for young fresh out of school talent

Cons: Very corporate structure with lots of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are generous.

Cons: Return to work policy , vsp and layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great benefits , yes

Cons: long hours sometimes covering multiple departments for months
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are pretty good Overtime pay is a nice perk

Cons: From January started to return to office
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Opportunity to learn Great team members Great work life balance Lots of benefits including team bonus

Cons: Horizontal moves are easy, vertical ones are not. Yearly pay raises are very minimal and it can be difficult to move up the ladder when ready.
Advice: None
Pros: GM offers a TON of learning opportunities and it's relatively easy to take a horizontal move into a new project to gain new experiences

Cons: Budgets are tight for many things. Not the worst thing to happen.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture. Great products. Challenging yet rewarding work.

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: none
Pros: Good place to work at

Cons: Lots of work, sometimes disorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, not too much pressure to perform

Cons: Very hard to get promoted in technical career path after L7
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus , Heath care and other benefits

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: N/a
Pros: 401k match, PTO, Paternity leave

Cons: organization can be very silo at times
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Lots of areas to grow

Cons: No downside hardly but will rise to the occasion to keep the job moving
Advice: Listen to positive people and follow your best decisions
Pros: I'm a dependable fit experience helping others when needed do my job well

Cons: Size make things slower as in any other big company
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities, many ways to grow. Very diverse and inclusive

Cons: No profit sharing with engineers.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Pay is decent plus work is chill.

Cons: have not worked long enough to really know
Advice: None
Pros: Have good heath benefits, and a bunch of other benefits you may not expect

Cons: long hours harsh work environment management harassing employees
Advice: None
Pros: health care and thats about it

Cons: Bad hours no life or not enough pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good customers great product and service

Cons: It seems like you need to live in the office/be online all the time to be considered eligible for promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are excellent. There is opportunity to move roles and have a variety of experiences which is great if you tend to get bored in a role after a couple years

Cons: Risk of layoff, lack of communication at times internally across groups
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work hours, flexible schedule, broad opportunities within the company.

Cons: Large company, you could get lost.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work as an employee!

Cons: Currently cutting jobs and future is uncertain.
Advice: None
Pros: Allow for a good work/life balance

Cons: Starting to tighten up the ship and become more performance data driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Has Great Work Life Balance.

Cons: low pay for the role bad communication not remote
Advice: None
Pros: Not too demanding good work culture decent benefits

Cons: Low pay/loyalty tax and extremely difficult to get promoted
Advice: Reward your loyal employees and bring back working appropriately.
Pros: 401K Match, PTO + Holiday, Healthcare, Bonus, Flexibility

Cons: Industry Up and Down Cycles
Advice: None
Pros: Work on New Release Vehicles.

Cons: Hard to get good raises. Not easy to grow in field.
Advice: None
Pros: Great bonuses, great work life balance.

Cons: My manager has some shortcomings. Pay isn't great.
Advice: Find ways to reward the people who work hard because pay raises are scarce.
Pros: The VIP SIT org has a great work environment for minorities and women.

Cons: Hard to move up since its a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance

Cons: There's some bureaucracy that gets in the way and it's a big org to navigate.
Advice: More accountability for every role.
Pros: I'm treated well and am pretty happy with interesting work. Great work/life balance.

Cons: SLT is not good for employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and good environment.

Cons: Mandatory Overtime / Decent Pay
Advice: None
Pros: Potential Pay In Due Time

Cons: Fake promises, micromanaging to new NCH. Manager expected not to ask questions and solve things on your own.
Advice: Don't micro manage.
Pros: Sort of having. work life balance. My team a lot of work to do, so work life balance was more complex to have.

Cons: Not very flexible with remote work
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with a great environment.

Cons: Cyclical industry with involuntary separations too often
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Insurance, 401k company car

Cons: Pay leaves much to be desired.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and holidays are not bad.

Cons: Terrible management, no trust in the company
Advice: None
Pros: Easy workload, a lot of paid holidays

Cons: Laying off 10% of workforce to further the development of all electric vehicles.
Advice: None
Pros: Good profitability. Nice place to work.

Cons: Unfair promotions practices. Lots of cronyism and nepotism.
Advice: Promote based on performance
Pros: Good culture at the company

Cons: Pay disparity between men and women
Advice: Pay your high performers competitive pay
Pros: Good benefits, company car, decent pay

Cons: Job Security - Communication - Overturn of Employees - Policy changes - One mold fits all
Advice: They talk a good game with Culture and Values but do not practice these items. Retaliation is big.
Pros: Great Training and Safety - Co Workers are wonderful

Cons: At times, production goals are set to unrealistic expectations.
Advice: Understanding the issues/concerns from the team members on the production floor.
Pros: Competitive pay, opportunities for career development, family-like culture.

Cons: There are nun, i love his place.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, the employees ae very welcoming.

Cons: This is hybrid workplace, not fully remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and benefits.

Cons: Inability to move up to take more responsibility
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the complexity and challenging work environment

Cons: Long hours and forced weekends
Advice: Better communication
Pros: Great pay and great benefits

Cons: Lots of overtime in certain jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, great benefits and support

Cons: Limited career opportunities; still seems to be “who you know”
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits; especially the past few years

Cons: Less scope to move up (Mid level career to Senior)
Advice: Recognition for loyal employee who contributes,inspite of less growth /promotions.
Pros: More opportunities ,learn ,collaborate and constructive feedbacks

Cons: None at this time to share.
Advice: None
Pros: Work here for 10 years.

Cons: Heavy bureaucracy Slow yo change corporate cultire
Advice: Get rid of poor mid managers
Pros: Great benefits Great experience and skill development

Cons: Not enough money and long drive
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful work experience and great people to work with

Cons: Work your life away to make ends meet
Advice: Get all new management they run the place into the ground
Pros: Gm has good benefits but not a lot of vacation time

Cons: No work life balance. Hard to get material to complete jobs on time.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable work environment, steady work

Cons: Lower pay to competitors, disappointing health insurance options, very limited growth if in NCH program, no support from company
Advice: None
Pros: Improved pay, decent work life balance, good management, many different aspects of software/IT available to learn

Cons: Hard work Little break time Union against management and vice versa
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Weekly pay Vacation days Shut down Union

Cons: Cyclical nature of auto industry
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work and great people

Cons: No cons so far, and I have been working here for a few years
Advice: None
Pros: The people are all friendly and happy to help you learn

Cons: Investment from leadership is not there
Advice: Invest in your teams
Pros: Good benefits, good bonus, mostly stable.

Cons: Hard to trust the SLT.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits. Can't complain about that.

Cons: low salary than competitors and lay off
Advice: None
Pros: Good 401k match up to 8%

Cons: Feel under paid and company doesn't pay for alcohol in Happy hour
Advice: None
Pros: Great hour and company culture

Cons: Overworked in some small areas of engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture is trending in a positive direction

Cons: Can be challenging to move up in pay scale.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, flexibility and options for career growth

Cons: susceptible to bring stuck in habits that all large companies face.
Advice: trust your people to do what's best for the organization by trusting then to balance their individual needs with that if the organization's.
Pros: very flexible and great pay

Cons: Leadership communication is lacking at times
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance flexibility for everyone

Cons: Process, Speed, NA, NA, NA
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership, Product, Culture and Career Development

Cons: - Will work some holidays
Advice: None
Pros: - Always busy - Plenty of room to climb the ladder - Pay over time for unscheduled hours

Cons: Very political and slow moving for promotion
Advice: Do your job
Pros: The flexibility, pto and sick time, and maternity/paternity

Cons: Nothing bad that we can think
Advice: None
Pros: Good to have diverse culture

Cons: sometimes long hours hut manageable
Advice: None
Pros: great people to work with

Cons: Can be overworked at times
Advice: None
Pros: Cool work, solid pay / benefits

Cons: Large company, slow processes that diminish technology’s impact
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Pay is competitive when combined with benefits Career development and training

Cons: Job security was an issue
Advice: None
Pros: Overall good experience at the workplace

Cons: 6 day work week. Heavy workload.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment for learning processes and products.

Cons: It was a very poor work/life balance. Too much overtime and too little vacation and other time off.
Advice: Allow more vacation days and more personal days off. Stop overbearing management techniques.
Pros: They offer good pay and benefits.

Cons: Ups and downs of auto industry.
Advice: More transparency.
Pros: Great company culture improving since bankruptcy.

Cons: Slow growth Lots of politics
Advice: RTO is not the best way to increase productivity
Pros: Good PTO Good Insurance Good work life balance

Cons: No faith in SLT. No transparency.
Advice: Be more trustworthy.
Pros: Good work/life balance. Great hours.

Cons: Clearly need a larger team so may be overworked.
Advice: None
Pros: Good networking opportunities available with this job

Cons: Lack of proper communication between leaders and managers
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with great benefits

Cons: politics, new age thinking, too many changes in how mgmt is to perform.
Advice: None
Pros: Takes care of the employees, many opportunities.

Cons: tedious work no career growth
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits and work life balance

Cons: Performance reviews are vague and career growth can be unintuitive with the wrong leadership
Advice: Provide constructive feedback even if it comes with criticism. Encourage growth even if that means letting and employee move to another team.
Pros: Lots of flexibility, interesting work, lots of ways to pivot career internally.

Cons: None that come to my mind
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, and good learning experience

Cons: limit opportunities to get promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is very well

Cons: Pay is on the weaker side compared to market.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of diversity and various work environment. It is a good place to start learning.

Cons: The return to office mandate has hurt the comfortable work life balance significantly
Advice: Let us work from home
Pros: Care about personal development Great place to learn and improve as an entry Inclusive Great opportunities Managers are usually great leaders

Cons: money but get paid if not waste of time and headed to bankcrupcy
Advice: get rid of old management you cant have people in the same position for 12-25 years, they retired a long time ago and are milking the system, continue to get rid of bottom performers
Pros: terrible management and leadership. Not many leaders to look up to everyone is in it for themselves.

Cons: Seemed more like IT than CS
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and not super stressful

Cons: In office working recently but otherwise good
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Great environment to work in

Cons: Big Corporation so it's tough to get things in motion sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and vacation time

Cons: To much overtime without warning
Advice: I don’t have advice for management
Pros: It a great place to start

Cons: Bring group leaders in off streets to supervise a skilled trade with little to no experience
Advice: Hire more knowledgeable skilled trades group leaders instead of off the street with no experience
Pros: Love the environment and job. Pays well, has good insurance

Cons: One must leave to get a sizable raise in most cases
Advice: None
Pros: Smart leadership team and very good technology

Cons: it might be possible to get a better
Advice: None
Pros: for sure i'd say the best

Cons: A lot of hours, travel, late night meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay, a lot to learn, college reimbursement

Cons: Executive managment is okay with lying and gaslighting their employees for stock market goals
Advice: None
Pros: Cool things going on in company and IT seems like a good place to work

Cons: Stressful environment and dealing with union.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits offered.

Cons: -Company still fairly hierarchical, feels conservative, needs new upper management
Advice: None
Pros: -They care about employees, good benefits, well known in MI

Cons: Long hours and working on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, profit sharing and the entire team is nice

Cons: No more remote. We are going back to hybrid.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training and time to learn.

Cons: Depends on manager, your work life balance is broken.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health care. Good 401k

Cons: Continued Lack of Senior Leadership Driving us to be the best. We have embraced mediocre Leaders, which is starting to produce mediocre results.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Great Products, Great People,

Cons: No cons for the current
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for a company

Cons: Work all weekends, rarely off.
Advice: None
Pros: I appreciate having a job.

Cons: Career path is not clear
Advice: None
Pros: Stable job, good benefits, nice balance family/work

Cons: Bureaucratic and very political. Management heavy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and bonuses are good.

Cons: No retirement Pay, that's all.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is good Work life balance Value its people

Cons: Making Manager is a bit difficult. Not a lot of employee development programs
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, great benefits, and exciting projects to work on

Cons: Salary is not competitive with the market
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, learning, ownership, life work balance, great culture

Cons: No cons I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Opportunities, Benefits, Culture, Inclusion

Cons: Very Slight Decline in Quality of a few large vehicle
Advice: Listen to field workers on concerns
Pros: Great collaboration between workers and departments Open Door on Career Paths Posting all Jobs Management helpful in career development

Cons: Can feel large and slow moving
Advice: Keep moving fast and strategically, as you have been
Pros: Great compensation, many functional opportunities, focus on company values

Cons: Organisation changes, Employee firing, old tech aNd teams
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture, Incentives, Bonus, reputation, fortune 500 company

Cons: There are no complains, overall very great place
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and the team is so fun to work with

Cons: Corporate culture is toxic. HR attacks successful workers when they stick around long enough to make a decent wage.
Advice: None
Pros: Not any when I left.

Cons: No cons really, great company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Employee care discounts, General product discounts like tvs and stuff and profit sharing

Cons: Hierarchy and ok’d school mdntsluty
Advice: None
Pros: Great diversity at the comiany

Cons: low compensation compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb, and opportunity to progress

Cons: Company size allows room for too many underperformers, making cross-functional work difficult at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Pay, Work/Life Flexibility, Endless Opportunity, Facilities

Cons: Certain areas are stereotypically corporate and full of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable pay, good benefits, good pto and holidays, diversity and inclusion initiatives.

Cons: Work hours may be long
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment and progessive encouragement

Cons: Lots of bureaucratic processes. Pretty slow development timelines
Advice: None
Pros: Not overworked. Most teams are staffed appropriately.

Cons: Still too much old school politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and time off

Cons: Workload has increased significantly since covid so WLB has increased a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and decent pay Great work culture

Cons: Hybrid work life Boomer work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Pay Low work load at times

Cons: Pay is not very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people, great company vision, fair work-life balance expectations, nice recognition system, good perks overall

Cons: High school vibes. Poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and benefits. Room for advancement

Cons: Nothing about this company is great
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits great people to work with

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Chill atmosphere and great coworkers

Cons: very political and knowing the right people is valued above all else
Advice: None
Pros: large organization with many opportunites to rotate

Cons: Salary ranges are usually at the lower end in the market because of the benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and generous PTO compared to other companies

Cons: They are in a continuous pattern of overhiring, and then cutting jobs.
Advice: Should be more responsible with hiring strategies.
Pros: Very good benefits and flexibility

Cons: low pay, horrible communication, unfair work environment
Advice: None
Pros: i won't work there again

Cons: Large company which can sometimes feel to large for a single employee to make a difference.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, culture and people leaders

Cons: Hurts not having experience in 1 particular area when job hunting.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to be able to work 4 different jobs and have control over your future

Cons: They rob you of you many years of service then make cuts just as people are approaching retirement age, it is a disgusting practice.
Advice: Do better, be better, try harder.
Pros: The retirement options, and job security.

Cons: I honestly didn't experience any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hybrid work settings. Great people to work with. Inclusive company

Cons: Can get busy during product launches
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting technical challenge Good overall team dynamics Excellent work life balance in general

Cons: Improve workers pay for more work
Advice: None
Pros: Making sure all staffs are carried along

Cons: Hard to get promoted, hard to get significant raises without promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Great people at General Motors, exciting work, overall company culture is positive.

Cons: Opportunities for growth can be limited
Advice: Promote internally more frequent
Pros: Great work-life balance Kind team members

Cons: This was a High stress level position
Advice: None
Pros: This is a Great work environment

Cons: no sick leave for any personal reason
Advice: None
Pros: Good friendly environment to work at

Cons: Long hours - no home life.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and benefits plus union

Cons: Mandatory long hours and off shifts
Advice: Be nice to the pwople working for you. Very cut throat work enviroments
Pros: Pay is good and benefits ok

Cons: Good ol' boys club in Fort Wayne Indiana.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay. Good benefits too.

Cons: Slow growth and low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to learn different skills

Cons: no cons as such, great company
Advice: None
Pros: good culture, great people in the company

Cons: Not too much real interaction with coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid is a pro for this

Cons: do not work from home
Advice: there is no advise at this time
Pros: so much fun every day

Cons: No room for real growth in the company as a Production Worker.
Advice: Be more respectful to low level workers.
Pros: Profit share and health insurance benefits.

Cons: At times the people, jobs change too fast to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people work here.

Cons: very little opportunity for raises or promotions
Advice: None
Pros: work was easy, not very stressful

Cons: Do not have any cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Bonus each year Great culture

Cons: can be long hours with overtime
Advice: None
Pros: the benefits are really good

Cons: Not treated as equal if female
Advice: Learning how to communicate, treating all employees the same
Pros: Meeting so many different people/ networking

Cons: Very hard to get promotions, no ethics among executives, if you aren't a member of the "club" you will be overlooked.
Advice: Remove executive's long time friends from power positions.
Pros: Insurance (health, dental, and vision) Holidays Vacation time

Cons: repetitive work no skills required
Advice: start focusing on employees and quality not quantity
Pros: good pay for unskilled entry level work

Cons: They need to increase base pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back environment. Good work life balance.

Cons: The pending lay offs might change the pros
Advice: None
Pros: They pay me twice a month

Cons: Favoritism. No work-life balance. The supervisor (not all) doesn't know how to properly handle direct reports. Politics. Doesn't appreciate your hard work.
Advice: More HR-employee engagement to speak up about concerns and issues within the team.
Pros: Competitive culture. Bonus. Nothing else.

Cons: NA NA NA NA NA
Advice: None
Pros: Provides an opportunity to learn new things

Cons: hard to tell for now
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work for

Cons: One you get to a senior level, it is hard to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of opportunities and great benefits

Cons: There are no cons at GM
Advice: None
Pros: Great working experience when working

Cons: Compensation need to keep up with the inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment with good compensation

Cons: Sometimes don’t give you the most thrilling work
Advice: None
Pros: Rotational program is awesome way to get experience throughout massive company

Cons: Noticed some politics between teams
Advice: None
Pros: The culture within GM is great and the company does value work life balance.

Cons: Still have a lot of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive and diverse than expected

Cons: -Demanding work. -Cannot work from home.
Advice: None
Pros: People are great to work with, good insurance and health support. 401K matching.

Cons: Responsibility heavily spread out across multiple engineers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Amazing benefits.

Cons: Detroit, pretty buricratic, can be slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, vacation, talented top management

Cons: Not much structure in terms of job duties
Advice: None
Pros: They have ample resources to learn, the culture is very helpful.

Cons: to far to drive 100 miles eah way
Advice: None
Pros: the pay was very good at the time

Cons: Pay is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance .

Cons: Nothing comes to mind now
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse, efficient, training, growth, stability

Cons: Relatively low pay for the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and work/life balance

Cons: Long hours and stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge technology best of the best

Cons: Bad management of your company
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay good employees still

Cons: nothing that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great engineers and smartest people all around you.

Cons: No cons maybe change management
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and decent PTO overall

Cons: Need to deal with politics. Sometimes hard to be in the right circle to progress career.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, many opportunities and options

Cons: Too much politicking going on
Advice: None
Pros: Fun flexible work from home

Cons: They might lay you off anytime
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits / bonus.

Cons: No cons with this employer
Advice: No advice needed
Pros: Management and culture is really good

Cons: Not applicable at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: GM is an AMAZING company to work for.

Cons: Exit into the right team.
Advice: None
Pros: The track program is great for exposure!

Cons: Really good for entry level.
Advice: None
Pros: Good for entry level work seeker.

Cons: poor communication from leadership :(
Advice: None
Pros: decent pay, decent benefits, decent people

Cons: low salary, low tech exposure, low mentorship
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good people, great cars

Cons: Big, international team without sense of community. Slow upward mobility.
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid and work from home options.

Cons: old school return to office
Advice: None
Pros: established company car discounts for family and friends

Cons: Overall Pay is a Con
Advice: None
Pros: Great People but overall pay could be more competitive

Cons: Not much to mention here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, co-workers often feel like family.

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Training Diversity

Cons: Too many weekends and too much bullying. Poor management
Advice: Stop letting workplace violence happen and then turn a blind eye
Pros: Profit sharing is great and good bonuses

Cons: Mismanaged management will constantly shift your team and role.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to get your career started

Cons: Poor communications Poor work life balance. Hypocritical standards on employee safety. Lie and misleading in regards to work expectation. Forced overtime for months.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay Benefits free Pizza New car discount

Cons: Communication could be a little better.
Advice: None
Pros: The Insurance is pretty decent.
