Cons: It’s a big corporation with a lot of procedures in place that can be a little frustrating and time consuming )My market and Salesforce). Some people are not bothered by that. Personally, it wasn’t my strong suit. Future growth starting from that tile was unclear, and at best, could take years
Advice: Keep doing what you’re doing. The only regret I have was the fact I supported 2GM’s and it didn’t allow full focus on 1 brand.
Pros: Professional atmosphere. Committed to their core values. You will work with the best in the business. Employee discount on products. Pension, 401K matching, excellent benefits

Cons: - burnouts are so common because they work you to the bone 
- the entire internal culture is toxic. The management is mostly Caucasian.
- if a manager has a complaint against them they retaliate.. or the manager is usually promoted which justifies their behavior 
- their corporate boards are still predominantly white males 
- women are strategically at a disadvantage from the time they hire due to the limitations that the Paris team puts on HR. 
- HR will not help you with anything.. they have an attitude of "if you're not happy leave " and are there to protect the manager and company
- career opportunities are reflective if your Caucasian/french or not.
Advice: Actually fire the managers that have so many complaints against them instead of retaliating against the employee that made the complaint.
Pros: - discount on products 
- upto 80% medical coverage 
- large company international company

Cons: Worked at L’Oreal for almost five years. Annual raise was only ever 1% even if my performance review was excellent. I got promoted for exceeding expectations and only received a $2,000 raise for the year. I was given vacation days under the table without HR knowing (which I couldn’t take without serious impact on my performance due to workload) to make up for the lack of compensation and no bonus. I was paid 30% less than the average employee joining the company with my equivalent title. You need to negotiate a lot before you join the organization because that’s the only chance you’ll get. Each year I worked there I felt less and less valued and was making progressively less than my market value. I raised this every quarter and was met with no response and was gaslit by my managers who pretended they didn’t know anything about the compensation of their other direct reports which is blatant BS. When I quit my job it was posted as Manager on LinkedIn. This was the title I had made a strong case for in all my performance reviews and was asked to hang tight for. You will work yourself into a shell of a human and leave old, exhausted, and full of regret over the opportunities missed while hanging onto empty promises. After years of this I lost my will to put in any effort and this sentiment rolled into my personal life as well, unfortunately. 

Leadership are often L’Oreal babies who spent their entire 20+ year careers leeching the company and have zero emotional intelligence. My manager spent her days micromanaging me, berating me on group calls in front of my peers, and asking me to perform tasks that were not possible within our systems nor ethical. I would often get calls at the end of the day and sometimes in the middle of the night that would drag on for hours of listening to whining and trickle down anxiety. These calls would require that I cancel my personal commitments at 7-8pm+ at the last minute regularly. I started my day early and always made to see to have my work done so this was unnecessary. My management did not respect my time and the pressure on middle managers from higher up was interfering on our productivity when it resulted in these waste of time anxiety ridden calls. The direction was unclear as priorities shifted multiple times a day in order to appease everyone but yet no one at all. Eventually I lost the will to keep up with the ever changing requirements and realized I was working toward nothing. I worked two jobs for six months when someone left my team. I was working day and night throughout this time and never got a thank you. All it did was destroy my credibility among my peers as I was trying to do more than the hours in a day would permit. This company will cost you your self esteem and happiness. They treat everyone as replaceable because they have plenty of candidates looking for name recognition on their resume so you will be vastly underpaid and under appreciated the entire time.
Advice: If you see that you have analysts and managers who are miserable, take notice of their leadership. You will often find that these leaders have a track record of dissolving teams and hopping around the organization.
Pros: Intelligent and competent coworkers at the entry to mid level of their careers who you can learn a lot from. Summer fridays and quarterly free product.

Cons: There is no culture here. The people they hired for management are lazy, clueless and unsupportive. New employees training is a joke. On top of that, they’re cheap when it comes to paying their employees. Salaries for staff are definitely below the market rate. And they wonder why people are quitting left and right. For all reasons above.
Advice: None
Pros: Company Free goods is nice

Cons: Very little training given. If you're not already somewhat familiar with the line of work there's very little they'll do for you.
Advice: I see a lot of nepotism going on and not enough attention to employees who are great at the job despite "knowing someone"
Pros: Simple work and friendly environment.

Cons: I haven’t had the bad experiences that everyone else seems to have had, but I hear you and I hope it changes
Advice: None
Pros: If you get a good team at L’Oréal with a good manager who respects boundaries, then you’ll be set.

Cons: Very high workload and extremely manual processes. Scripting in SAP isn't allowed. My manager called a V-lookup that I had build into a spreadsheet a "short cut". Super antiquated processes. They are a gigantic company so making any changes or process improvements is a challenge. 

It's a competitive and backstabbing environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Nice discount in employee store. WFH flexibility. It can be alluring to have a major CPG company on your resume. Lots of smart people around you.

Cons: It's a slave culture, the breaks are extremely short because the lunch room is so far from the working area. The H.R is completely uninvolved in matters of dispute. Their investigation process is deplorable and bias. They have a neglectful nature when it comes to the needs of their operators. They investigate pretty good when it involves their product not their people.
Advice: Third party deviation needs to be strongly enforced.
Pros: The 401k pension and other benefits are great.

Cons: Working around the clock nonstop, toxic abusive culture, unrealistic goals, complete lack of development plan and opportunities. Promotions based fully on favortism and not work ethic and output. Projects are piled on with no sense of work/life balance. French team constantly treats the US team like crap - the men in particular talk down to the women like complete trash with inappropriate comments, tone and language including referring to grown women as "girls" in a dismissive demeaning manor. Constant bullying mentality brushed off as "French culture". 

No regard for mental health. You could scream you are stressed and overworked and nobody including HR listens. People in my department have had to fight to take medical leave due to the stressful and damaging environment. 

Forced employees back into the office in 2020 during the heat of the pandemic - had to show proof of medicial records to get an extension to continue working from home. Masks are required and numbers spiking again, yet come September up to full capacity only 3 feet apart entire team in office at once. 

Company is NOT flexing with the new times and ways of working. No respect for people with desk jobs able to work from home efficiently and successfully. A mass exodus has occurred with 7 people leaving my department alone in the last few months.
Advice: Get with the times L'Oreal. You treat women like they are second to the men, you force bodies in during a pandemic, you have no regard for mental health or work/life balance.  Disgusting place to work and culture.
Pros: Company store discounts
Summer Fridays (which are being retracted come fall)

Cons: Because it's a consumer driven company, shift changes can happen migrating from a 5 day, 8hr shift to a rotating 12hr shift(employee basically works 50% of the year)
Advice: None
Pros: Pay
Great Benefits
Company Store onsite
Highly engaged team
People

Cons: Had to work long hours, customers can be a lot to work with
Advice: Listen to your employees and do not micro-manage
Pros: Cares about their employees and treat with respect

Cons: Elitist attitude 
No regard for overworking employees especially interns
People break down often from work culture and overload
Advice: Treat employees better, evaluate work balance
Pros: Good pay
Cute office 
Nice food in office
Great events, networking
Great for resume

Cons: Culture can be toxic. Complete lack of formal training, no motivation from superiors. Did not feel like I could grow there at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Product perks, nice office, interesting people

Cons: Not all depts communicate well together.
Advice: Keep the amazing people
Pros: I have always had great leaders. The industry is constantly changing therefore the role is exciting. Amazing benefits.

Cons: Confrontation and not work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Love the way of working and collages here in L'Oreal!

Cons: Diversity 
Boring- Work can be very mundane and at time I dont want to leave home
Advice: None
Pros: Great starting salary 
Cross-functional communication 
Company culture
two days WFH

Cons: Corporate overreach was a bit much
Will take responsibility from various departments to pick up slack
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunity, fun workplace, room for growth.

Cons: Heavy workload, little pay. No career growth. Only certain people get promoted!
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, work from home when necessary.

Cons: No life work balance and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule for parents at times

Cons: long work hours, A lot of meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and learning curve

Cons: Low salaries, a bit unstructured, few internal processes.
Advice: Improve internal processes.
Pros: Amazing culture and people. Great benefits.

Cons: not a process oriented company
Advice: None
Pros: career acceleration &amp; diverse teams mates

Cons: Biggest con is the salary
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture is the biggest pro

Cons: tough work life balance but it varies
Advice: None
Pros: awesome people and good pay

Cons: Low salary even for an intern
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, inspiring people, kind leadership

Cons: Work life balance needed to have time for family
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at

Cons: Favoritism
Cult - Like Behavior
No Sincerity
Advice: Learn how to value and promote from within.
Pros: Learned a lot about L’Oreal

Cons: Not a good place for innovation, don't expect to have many champions supporting any opportunities for improvement you pursue. Current state of technologies they use is 10 years behind other leaders in the industry. 

Career development based entirely on politics, hence upper-management is incompetent. Many bad leaders advance their careers because of the way they hold themselves in meetings, co-signing whatever other high-profile people say. Way too much finger pointing due to bad leadership. You will find that there are no performance reviews for a reason. 

Everything moves so slowly because upper-management has to micro-manage everything. France is at the center of everything. French colleauges are put on a pedestal. 

Very hit or miss depending on your manager/team. I've heard/seen some terrible misstreatment from colleagues and their managers.

L'Oreal does not develop you, you have to put the effort into developing yourself. You will find that some of your smartest colleauges will leave the company. The ones who have been here for many years are usually stuck.
Advice: Performance reviews are really key to ensure that you are actually promoting strong performers and good leaders. 

Start advancing technologies and listen to employees on what are key priorities. To ensure agility in consumer market, find out what is slowing down your employees. 

Stop the finger pointing.
Pros: Good benefits (especially if you stay for 3+ years), never boring, fast-paced environment, cool products that you get to work on

Cons: Micro managing boss, work life balance, work all holidays, long hours, late nights, closed over 30 stores
Advice: Trust your managers
Pros: 401k, vacation, decent pay, benefits, PTO

Cons: internal growth opportunities in technical teams are slow
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture and work balance in teams

Cons: Management treatment of new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Great Name brand with khiels

Cons: Highly political, which made it difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people to connect and learn from

Cons: Long hours and sometimes a lot of travel
Advice: None
Pros: Bosses were very helpful guiding my transition

Cons: Can be tough at times
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurial, challenging, lots of opportunities

Cons: Nothing at this current moment
Advice: None
Pros: Good for people to learn

Cons: Slow to adapt to modernize its approach to the future of work, design and technology. The company plays a lot of “short game” strategies, not often giving new ideas or technology the opportunity to grow and evolve in the long term. 

The organization responds to industry change rather than leads it.

Expect to work LONG LONG LONG hours. Generous (but traditional) benefits, but being able to use vacation/pto can be challenge as often while approved, you’ll find yourself “just checking emails” because you know that if you’re gone fore more than a long weekend, the amount of work and anxiety that build up in your absence will be untenable. 

It is not an “Employee First” company - it is a company focused on profit and revenue first, products second, consumers third and employees a distant last place.

Great place to learn the industry, cut your teeth and then move on and realize not every company expects employees to fully commit themselves and their future to share holder profits.
Advice: Become an employee first organization.
Pros: The company has very solid financial footing. It navigated the complexities of COVID-19 pretty well and is in the process of some genuine change especially around equity of pay for women and people of color. Produces some very fine products.

Cons: Upper management limits store staffing capabilities, and does not follow company ethics. L'Oreal hires District Managers who provide little support based on favoritism, openly considers Store managers and Key holders expendable, who consistently contact you personally after hours, and supplies zero recourse through an HR department that mirrors the DM's.
Store managers &amp; Keyholders are expected to work alone regularly, including while sick or injured, during huge sales and known surges, simultaneously with huge shipments, inventory, stocking, product facing, price labeling, memorizing codes that are not automated, new product introductions, and with complete system failure. 
All positions only receive 20 hours of paid training. So staffing correctly is unmanageable.
No IT support &amp; seriously outdated system means working alone with long lines, irritated customers, mistakes, and loss of sales along with sanity.
I would not recommend any position to anyone, including students and young people new to the workforce. There are far better jobs with better pay, management, benefits and support.
Advice: Adopt in person training , supervise your DM's, create achievable requirements per position, keep stores staffed, provide all employees with living wages and medical benefits. Invest a huge portion of the SCNC money back into your stores, systems and people instead.
Pros: Discounts, Customers, Products, Samples, Networking

Cons: Customer service does not offer a lot of upward promotional opportunities. In order to advance as a member of customer service, you need to move to a different department. Company wont work towards full time work from home, even though job can be done from home.
Advice: Listen to direct feedback from employees and make changes that actually effect their concerns. Address the issue, do not try to manage the issue that is still occurring, fix the issue. If there are no promotions within the departments, promote within the departments; create roles. If employees want to work from home, allow for the option to work from home.
Pros: L'Oreal offers good pay and you are able to learn a lot of skills. Its clear that they are concerned with diversity, inclusion and the overall morale of the business. Benefits are good but could be better. They do a good job of promoting within. There is very little micromanaging within this department and they encourage ownership and accountability.

Cons: the work life balance in the professional products division (PPD) is non-existent. You are expected to be available all hours of the day and night and travel for weeks on end (pre-covid). There are a few women in upper management positions who have been there forever and who dictate the entire structure. They are catty and hateful and do not care for any employee but themselves. All very company growth focused. they do not care for their employees.
Advice: focus on the employees, and in PPD, focus on the professional salons. stop letting a few long haulers dictate an entire divisions structure. and maybe don't lay off 1/3 of your division force during covid even though you experience growth
Pros: good pay, great growth opportunity, good people at the lower positions, and the benefits can not be beat. I head that the LUXE, CPD, and Active divisions are great to work in

Cons: *We are so big and have to create ways of working and rules that don't suit everyone, but because of our size we cannot do it any other way 
*The company recruits Passionate people who go above and beyond and at times too much which leads to unhappy people but we don't know how to help these individuals find a better balance
Advice: Continue to work on leadership behavior to go further, quicker
Pros: *I work with the best teams in the business.
*I am encouraged to go above and beyond and reviewed fairly 
*We are guided by a set of Principles that encourage everyone to act within the boundaries of ethics behavior
*I get paid to do what I love everyday

Cons: I have been in the cosmetics industry for over 10 years and have never encountered such a toxic atmosphere. 

L'Oreal fosters a pervasive culture of disrespect. Despite most employees being friendly and helpful, there is an undercurrent of tension at all times due to impossible workloads, tight deadlines, micromanagement, and managers who snap at the slightest provocation. You will quickly dread coming in to work and feel anxious, like you're walking on eggshells, at all times. No matter how diligently and quickly you complete your work, it will never be good enough. Chronic high stress and favoritism create a needlessly charged, political environment.

I witnessed multiple employees breaking down into tears at the bench and contractors working many extra hours for which they were not paid. Otherwise friendly people turned catty and hypercompetitive under the pressure.
This is not normal company culture!

 There is a reason most employees here are recent college graduates. Anyone with experience knows this is not normal and does not tolerate the abuse, and those who are initially duped escape at the first opportunity.

Do not work here unless you enjoy feeling overworked, exhausted, and unappreciated.
Advice: The top-down pressure is unsustainable.
Pros: Brand recognition, nice to have on resume

Cons: Opportunities in balancing life-work for employees, making decisions can be slow and too much politics sadly. Even with great diversity, the inclusion programs have long way to go.
Advice: Invert the pyramid ,,,on top the clients, then employees, then managment, then upper management to see the reality and no the results they want to see.  Also create more programs for inclusion of people, accepting individuality and people that think different.
Pros: Eco environmental conscious, innovation, great organization, hard working to focus in its goals, well paid after couple of years and good performance. Good diversity. And a healthy competitive environment…good diversity policies

Cons: Very fast pace and the work load is very heavy. It is very hard to have a healthy work life balance when the expectation is to get it all done. Compensation conversations are hard to have, what has been decided is pretty much what it is.
Advice: Understand how the growth in the company affects the workload of the existing team in order to distribute the work properly - for a better balance of work/life as well as success in projects
Pros: They allow for you to make your own decisions/opportunities. Also a lot of opportunities to change roles within 2 years. Most individuals are really great to work with and help with solving issues. Many new initiatives to help with the overall company culture - just not all implemented in the manufacturing sites

Cons: Long hours. Managers give extra work for no reason and doesnt help the bottom line. Lots of extra busy work to make sure it "doesn't work" before actually working on something that DOES work. NO room for growth unless you're in marketing. Some toxic people in upper management. L'Oreal should implement a test to employees prior to becoming a people manager - some are just NOT fit to be a people manager....
Advice: Give the directors and below more autonomy to make decisions! Remove the toxic people in upper management (the ones who are NOT fit to be a people manager!!) to give their direct reports an incentive to actually grow in their role.
Pros: Lots of great benefits. There are some really intelligent people you get to work with.

Cons: High turnover rate, management has little technical background, no sense of team, all major formulation comes from France and are riddled with problems. Projects get dumped on your desk with no support from original formulating lab. The plant consistently makes processing mistakes and blames the formula. Zero focus on formula quality. Removed from the rest of the industry and does not really promote joining organizations like the SCC. Restricts checklists meeting with venders and using new materials.
Advice: Bring people into management with a technical background. Most managers don’t understand formulation.
Pros: Opportunities to move around, great work/life balance, nice people, great salary and benefits. Flexible work hours. Some WFH days offered to even lab workers

Cons: Good for starting or ending your career, not so much if you are in the middle.  Little room to be creative, very political, very France-dependent. Project goals are shifted often, thus project managers scramble, research is haphazardly done.
Advice: Managers should have more technical knowledge in domains where they manage tech experts.
Pros: Decent salary and benefits, bonus and profit sharing, pension, good 401K match, free store goods, WFH opportunities even before COVID. Managed very well the pandemic by staggered scheduling people at workplace vs home, kept workplace sparkly clean. Meetings improved during COVID. Strong brands, superior products.

Cons: You have people in leader ship positions that don't know how to lead or manage. The mid-level management is worse. They hire people that don't have any management experience or any coaching experience.
Advice: Do real check-in's with your employees and follow through on career development.  Hold your senior management leader team accountable for what they say and do.
Pros: They have an excellent benefit package and offer a great vacation and personal time

Cons: No work/life balance. Mandatory overtime and you can literally be asked to work 13days straight, the cap is 68hours weekly, yes 68hours a week. Very strict policies and sometimes unnecessary, you get points for everything. Doesn’t really feel like a family, everyone just comes to work , gets used and takes a decent paycheck.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay for the type of work you do. Very clean working environment and good for someone that wants a lot of money and wants to work a lot of hours.

Cons: At L’Oreal USA, trust no one. Watch your back. It’s a sink or swim culture with no sense of trust or comradeship within teams.

Bias towards white males. 
If you are not a white French male, you will not be promoted or given attractive job opportunities as often.

HR is useless.
Advice: Hire diversity.
Leadership is racist, white and male.
Please audit why all your diverse talent is leaving the company.
Pros: There are product discounts.
Nice NYC office.

Cons: However, their retail structure felt in-progress thorughout my years there, no matter the brand. Some ideas brought to leadership were given a "I don't know how to go about that," with no follow up or with instructions to drop it.
Advice: None
Pros: Throughout their retail fronts, L'Oreal is flexible with appearance, personality, and methods as long as you drive their desired numbers. Leadership was open to new ideas, and encouraged you to own the business almost as your own. Above average pay for retail.

Cons: -TOUGH culture - lots of throwing people under the bus, playing the blame game etc. to make yourself look good 
-Nepotism drives promotion/mobility
-Cliquey high school vibes with “L’Oreal babies” vs everyone else 
-Leaders are not great leaders / managers of people
Advice: None
Pros: -Portfolio of brands so lots of opportunities and flexibility to move around in the company 
-Best “street cred” beauty experience, well established brands 
-More entrepreneurial than you’d think

Cons: No work-life balance. Jumping through many hoops to get your ideas pushed through. A lack of integrity and proper management from AVP levels (on Garnier)
Advice: There are some horrible leaders who have been in the same positions for years that bully and take advantage of growing talent with verbal abuse and discriminatory comments. HR is only there to protect the company and not the employees.
Pros: 50 % off Loreal Products. Beautiful office space

Cons: No new ideas. Only white men from Europe approving white models and old fashioned ads. Condescending coworkers, understaffed and overworked. Very boring, procedural tasks with no creativity behind it. Forced us into the office during a pandemic and bribed us with snacks to "make it better". Actively told someone not to tell anyone they had to wfh because they had covid.
Advice: Why are you hiring people with good ideas only to sell, sell, sell and never actually innovate? Stop being a follower and create something new. Treat your employees right and stop hiding covid cases
Pros: Free and discounted beauty supplies. Big name company

Cons: They over work you, back to back 14+ hour days, make you work through the entire weekends, including holidays, zero work life balance, when upper management preaches about it constantly and then dumps more on your lap
Advice: Compensate your employees better, upper management should understand the work that their direct reports are responsible for, have an an actually succession plan in place(for chain of command)
Pros: Discounts at the company store company store

Cons: ZERO WORK LIFE BALANCE
With current restructures, there's not enough people to do the job
While there may seem to be many opportunities for growth, it's not as easy to move. It's all about who you know
Advice: None
Pros: good healthcare benefits
good salary (better if you come from external company) you have to fight for it if you've been in the company too long.
good friendships get developed since you spend allot of time with them

Cons: Workload
You can get a terrible terrible manager
Lots of BS work done here because upper management sent an email about it
Worklife balance is out of order here. 
If you're not climbing the corporate ladder and super ambitious, you won't fit in here and may struggle.
Advice: Look into the turnover rate and closely review the direct managers of employees that are leaving. Usually there's a correlation there ;-)
Pros: Experience
Pay is Good
Looks good on a resume

Cons: Hires and promotes unqualified people and definitely discriminates silently against age clearly visible in hiring and re org outcomes..
Advice: Stop over promoting leaders that use expense accounts to build relationships with clients but then struggle with engagement because they do not have the skill set to deliver sales and growth.
Pros: Status and resume building with so many companies there are many opportunities that all come with great gratis and free product options.

Cons: I cannot think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: I have a great experience with L'Oreal color&amp;co. The team was amazing, and I learned so many valuable things. Everyone was so helpful and willing to work with you. It was a definitely start up environment, so if you enjoy that - you will enjoy this. I would definitely recommend.

Cons: As the headline states, this only applies to the Little Rock site. Where do I even begin?

In addition to frequent management restructuring, site has a high employee turnover rate for reasons mentioned below. 

Management believes that by virtue of being in positions of power that they are correct about anything 100% of the time. It's precisely this kind of hubris that drives away employees who attempt to engage in a culture of continuous improvement. Ironically, the same arrogance from management contributes to a lack of self awareness, which further perpetuates the high turnover rate of the site and leaves management flummoxed about the turnover rate . While the parent company adopts a culture of continuous improvement, the Little Rock site is all about the status quo. "Make it work" and "no need for fixing if it ain't broken" are accurate phrases that capture this sentiment. In short, the arrogance and deflection is congruent with the people in this part of the country. There is a reason why this part of the country always lags behind the west and northeast.

Completely disorganized departments run by managers/directors who are either incompetent or simply don't have the knowledge and background to effectively run their respective departments. Consequently, managers heavily rely on subordinates to take care of managerial tasks in addition to daily responsibilities. 

The Little Rock site has a brilliant training program for aspiring managers, which involves placing them in a department that has no compatibility with their skill set. This is analogous to having a lawyer play doctor and vice versa, further contributing to the disorganization and incompetency. 

Some coworkers can be toxic. 

If you are just entering the professional workforce, this could be a potential stepping stone. Would highly advise against taking a job here if you have work experience.
Advice: Get over your egos.
Pros: Wages. Relative to area, good.

Cons: No one who should care, cares. It’s all smoke and mirrors.
Advice: Nothing I could share will ever be taken seriously or into consideration. They have made it this far with all the skeletons in the board room closets, they will continue with very little to no regard.
Pros: The Hudson Yards office building.

Cons: No room for growth, salaries poor for industry, micro managed, too much work not enough staff, some staff incapable of contributing to team thus making more work for other team members, expected to do the same job forever with no challenges, no mentoring, no cross-training, no work life balance.
Advice: Think outside the box.
Pros: Health benefits, 401k, benefits, wellness programs

Cons: Workload can be high at times
Advice: Show appreciation for work well done and extra effort. Don’t just assume that since someone can handle it that it should always be on their plate permanently.
Pros: L’Oreal has great benefits and pay is ok. However, they will not pay competitively or worth unless you threaten to leave or get aggressive with it.

Cons: loreal is a great place and good work for me. I will work hard respectful my own work .
Advice: I can improve my working skill and other ideas and make better understand my project work .
Pros: I share to L'oreal company . I would like to try my best experience about my marketing internship share my ideas and my project .

Cons: Senior management will email (and text) at all hours or the night. They don’t expect you to answer.... but they really do. And it creates an “always on” culture without respect for work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Trying to make work life balance better (got bad press for making employees go back during Covid) and will have 2 WFH days a week

Cons: At 50+ you get moved out. Three reorganizations in three years. Offers to employees 50+ and 20 years experience. Those who did not take offer, get the severance offer. Company does not hire "experienced" people over 40, just younger.
Advice: Treat loyal employees better, in compensation as well.
Pros: Get to move around a lot. International relocation possible.

Cons: Higher ups can be very political about promotions and pay increase. Favoritism is a real problem there. If you let them they will overwhelm you with work.
Advice: Take more interest in your subordinates professional development.
Pros: Amazing learning and wealth of knowledge. Ton of ways to expand your responsibilities and add to your expertise.

Cons: very corporate and though you'll move a lot, you won't be compensated for it. A lot of people are overworked
Advice: Compensate your staff for all of the low value work they put it  and added responsibility
Pros: Decent overall direct management, the only benefits are free product and a cool New York office

Cons: Project engineers become oversaturated with work and responsibility and tend to work 12 hours a day for a period of 2 weeks.
Advice: Restructure project department to alleviate the demand and stress on project engineers
Pros: Tons of experience in a fast paced manufacturing site.

Cons: Work life balance is tough to manage
Management is always challenging, often focusing on low value added work
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, not excellent considering the high level of competitiveness for the role.
Success really depending on networking and department

Cons: Marketing oriented: marketing department have the last word and sometimes they have inexperienced people taking decisions that they should not. Very fast paced sometimes becomes a little hectic.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products that you can get at a big discount. Young and energetic atmosphere to work for.

Cons: Minimal training, people promoted into roles without experience, not strong in holding employees accountable for their results, and very long hours.
Advice: Train employees, reward performance and refrain from promoting bullies.
Pros: Amazing products, socially responsible,  and well-recognized company

Cons: A very cut throat environment with inexperienced management. Loreal does not historically promote employees at the plant level. In order to advance your career you must move to NJ/NY to join the corporate team.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best perks about Loreal are the benefits and time off/work life balance.

Cons: Not a place to work for when you have a family. Barely have time off, you pretty much live there. Mandatory overtime on every day off
Advice: Poor management
Pros: It is a stable company. A place to retire.

Cons: Antagonist management that manages out of fear and criticism, could have stronger societal values that they live by
Advice: Lead with courage and actually champion things that you care about vs. your own career progression
Pros: Incredible talent, innovation mindset, entrepreneurial culture

Cons: Post covid life, you are required to be in the office 5 days/week.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits such as flexible time and you receive a lot of free products.

Cons: Corporate agenda, sometimes feels like you have tunnel vision in your role, very competitive and gossipy
Advice: None
Pros: #1 beauty company in the world, great corporate experience post-grad, good compensation, will get you hired anywhere else

Cons: When reading through all of these reviews mentioning an extremely heavy workload with supervisors expecting 24/7 hours - they literally mean it. 
I have never been more miserable in a role than when working at a company that has no off switch. I would never suggest a friend to work here.
Advice: Work Life balance is 100% necessary
Pros: Good pay and benefits, they really do try to promote a positive work environment with perks

Cons: High stress and everything is extremely urgent and more often than not unorganized.
Advice: None
Pros: Very high energy and fast paced environment. If you have a great manager / team it's a great place to work!! Constantly evolving and very interesting industry

Cons: Lots of internal meetings. They serve a purpose but it can be frustrating to spend 50% of your time preparing for internal meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Very talented workforce 
You can progress quickly if you deliver
Great brands and culture of innovation

Cons: High expectations; tough management &amp; monthly assessments to complete job description, promotions not always supplied with sufficient tools/training to succeed in new role, siloed departments, favoritism.
Advice: Be more flexible/accepting with employee feedback.
Pros: Benefits, Network, Training, Core competency development, Brands

Cons: It is very long hours with low pay. To succeed you must put the work in but other industries pay much better, such as other consumer goods companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Brand recognition and fun work. Dedicated co workers and everyone is willing to help you.

Cons: Great company always looking  how to keep their employees happy in their jobs &amp;safe, Aim for learning more &amp;more .
Advice: Amazing management! They know all what to do
Pros: All the reasons to work at L'oreal!

Cons: Culture
No Work life balance
No support
Poor Management
Advice: More support and understanding. Dont make underpaid employees feel bad for situations they have no control over
Pros: Free product
nice view of the city
near alot of shops nd restaurants

Cons: - wasn’t the right personal for me
- lagging behind in tech and data
Advice: None
Pros: -people are driven 
- lots of different brands to get exposure to
- successful company that leads its industry

Cons: Super Corporate - at the end of the day you are just another body to them &amp; they will treat you as such
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits for such a massive corporation

Cons: machine like place where everything is done by book. stifling innovation, and lower pay, and more political games
Advice: None
Pros: staple enironment where a young person can learn a lot about how to run a company

Cons: Can be overwhelming if you don’t draw your boundaries. Culture is very manager dependent.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with who take their work seriously. Challenging targets but made me stretch and grow.

Cons: No clear career path
Lack of onboard information
Difficult transition from brand to brand or division to division
Too much focus on internal presentations
Advice: None
Pros: Company perks
Good benefits 
New time off and work from home eligibility

Cons: lots of drama, lots of last minute thing, need to have a better process
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, they treat you well, care about you as individuals, lots to learn

Cons: I would suspect that as with many big corporations, things fall through the cracks or promotions are given based on other thing than qualification or prior experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, room for growth, fast paced

Cons: Very hierarchical and doesn't respect low title staffs. No consistency in their promotion process.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility in process as there is no unified process to manage over 30 different brands.

Cons: No work-life balance. They frowned upon WFH benefits, limited growth opportunities, and most managers needed proper training on how to manage people.
Advice: None
Pros: The WFH benefit was new!

Cons: 30 years is a long time to be with a company
Advice: think of your people as people!
Pros: Good growth opportunities but at their pace

Cons: Long hours, little work life balance, not a lot of recognition/appreciation for employees, sink or swim culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for career growth, great benefits

Cons: Management forced everyone to come back to work against their free will while other companies still allow their employees work from home.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and perks. Decent payrate

Cons: Horrible inventory management, unrealistic sales goals, terrible communication on all levels, outdated technical systems, leadership is dishonest and uncaring
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful products, many seasoned sales people.

Cons: Not the best culture, the office you work in is really the key to success
Advice: Be more open to change
Pros: Great salary and company to start your career with

Cons: Can be tough to grow, environment can be intense
Advice: None
Pros: Really strong benefits, PTO, competitive pay, etc. 
Tight-knit teams, easy to become friends with colleagues

Cons: Some leaders aren’t qualified to lead.
Advice: Upskill leaders (in the right way of leadership, and to be more digital savvy)
Pros: International career, merit promotions, great culture.

Cons: - everything is business focused with no care to your desired career trajectory
Advice: None
Pros: - great office in Husdon yards

Cons: Terrible Work life balance 
Very Lean Cell Manager does all support function tasks 
Leads instead of Supervisors
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits 
A lot of Holidays compared to other companies 
Great Culture

Cons: Work life balance, lots of travel, not a ton of upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Unreal benefits, great leadership, great job, lots of travel

Cons: None. Good company to work for.
Advice: None
Pros: Digital ecosystem is growing. Growth and ability to climb the ladder. Good work life balance

Cons: None that I can think of!
Advice: Continue to support the field in the trenches who work with clients.
Pros: People are smart and nimble

Cons: Heavy workload with quickly changing priorities.
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee conscience company and devotion to protecting the environment. Great ability to interact with departments across the organization.

Cons: No work/life balance. It’s expected for you to work whatever hours/days to get the job done.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and employee perks are great!

Cons: Too much control from Paris.
Faster promotion for one Gender
Dont practise what they preach
Advice: You are very untrustworthy
Pros: Good work atmosphere depending on Manager

Cons: A full time position afterwards is not guaranteed
Advice: None
Pros: The 12 month program is a great experience and can lead to great career opportunities

Cons: none - offices were not great, but they recently moved to new ones
Advice: really liked my time at L'Oreal
Pros: management is really top level, as well as culture

Cons: Work alot of hours.
Feel unappreciated.
Advice: None
Pros: Been on the job 19 years and haven't missed a day in the last 16+ years.
Can trouble shoot and fix just about anything.

Cons: Not very much to complain about. I had an overall positive experience.
Advice: None.
Pros: The culture and office are great. People are friendly and often ready to help.

Cons: Demanding and fast pace is not for everyone - leads to turnover. Not fully remote.
Advice: None
Pros: always busy- benefits are great- room to grow if you want

Cons: Short staffed and can be stressful (specific experience working through covid)
Advice: None
Pros: Great support from peers, good learning environment, a lot of opportunities to grow and collaborate.

Cons: Toxic managers and leaders are rarely held accountable- at the cost of many great talents
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with international mobility- great place to learn and grow

Cons: Snotty people working there, think they are too good because they work at "loreal"
Advice: None
Pros: Room to grow and some events were held like ice cream

Cons: Management doesn't enable their brilliant employees to be brilliant, instead pushing them through fear
Advice: None
Pros: Brilliant employees that work very hard

Cons: Unrealistic demands. Leadership had no concept of staff contributions.
Advice: More realistic expectations
Pros: Good pay and smart people. Lots of advancement opportunities for people.

Cons: Poor Manufacting Communications.
Training is very poor
Advice: Better Communication and better training
Pros: Excellent Benefits, very clean and safe to work.
Management very professional
Very nice company to work

Cons: Too many meetings and way to much internal politics
Advice: Work towards market and not towards headquarters
Pros: Leader in the industry. Great career

Cons: Monotonous
Complicated systems for simple processes
Too many high level employees not much room at the top
Advice: None
Pros: Caring culture for employees. 
Continuous training.
Seemingly good compensation and benefits

Cons: Has the two block months where there is no work
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility is great, allows you to work as much or as little as you want

Cons: Career growth can be extremely slow to non-existent
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks and if you love all things beauty, you'll love it here.

Cons: Big company so there is lots of processes and people to run every move by
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing management, high team morale, purposeful work

Cons: Very much a culture of who you know.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with. Good upward mobility.

Cons: A little micro-managed, with a strict schedule that you must stick to.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a great place to start your career and make connections.

Cons: Little work/life balance attainable or encouraged.
Advice: Workaholic environment is counter productive.
Pros: Great relationships with co-workers who all work extremely hard and are dedicated to corporate objectives.

Cons: Retail hours, work weekends as well as holidays.
Advice: Be flexible and adaptable to change.
Pros: Good benefits for Full Time employees.

Cons: Schedule require working weekends and holidays
Advice: Have a promotion program, after a few years there is no other place to go
Pros: Great Work Environment, challenging, fun,

Cons: Cut throat. Make sure you trust your team.
Advice: None
Pros: Free goodies and great stepping stone as everyone beauty looks for L'Oreal or ELC.

Cons: Bad manager, sweat shop , not good environment
Advice: Get new management, stop micro managing
Pros: Flexible schedule, good co workers

Cons: Low Salary - high worload - very demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great work enviroment, company values, international networking

Cons: - Everything is an emergency and requires instant attention
- too many meetings
- expect to work late
Advice: None
Pros: - Can frequently change roles within company

Cons: Politics and lack of work life balance 
Promotions are political not based on merit
Advice: Reward hard work
Pros: Great people and interesting projects

Cons: Lower than ave salaries for most
Advice: Reevaluate your salary ranges of current e players
Pros: Great people great quality of life great products

Cons: sometimes the work is time consuming, but you can find way to automate them
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome coworkers, transparent information, friendly environment

Cons: a lot of favoritism at play.
Advice: Concentrate on results, drive, and grit.
Pros: A lot of opportunities to learn

Cons: Working culture, lack of clear path to promotions, managers who should be single contributors poorly managing teams
Advice: None
Pros: Employee discount, nice office location, well-known company

Cons: None that I can tell yet
Advice: None yet
Pros: Extremely organized 
Dedicated to their organization 
Team mentality
Knowledge sharing

Cons: -pau not competitive
-not permanently remote
Advice: Pay attention to the growth of your employees.
Pros: -good hours
-good holiday schedule
-friendly team
-good internal structure

Cons: A lot of work, far from home, not many stay at home options
Advice: None
Pros: Good Human Resources, Great community, I feel supported

Cons: Culture is a downer. It’s sink or swim.
Advice: Invest in people with empathy
Pros: Amazing projects and best in class tools

Cons: Conservative, salaries, mobility, overloaded work, recognition
Advice: None
Pros: Very good: environmental, opportunities, to learn, ethics, respect and life balance

Cons: salary could be better, lots lots of work.
Advice: None
Pros: good people, great brands, many career growth opportunities

Cons: late house, not a lot of work life balance, stress
Advice: None
Pros: people are nice and are all willing to help each other

Cons: Never ending job, can be difficult to find work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Full filling job, lot of challenges and autonomy

Cons: Too many meetings and things for show.
Advice: None
Pros: You will be Well trained here and able to succeed anywhere else!

Cons: Need to work from office 3 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of opportunities to grow, good culture

Cons: Technology for devices provided by company could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, growth, diversity of brands, internal learning opportunities

Cons: Poor work life balance amd high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and opportunity for promotion.

Cons: Sometimes long hours and complex systems structure
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work, Great people, Very ethical

Cons: Management slow and very bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Great Employee discounts on products

Cons: Promotions are tough and raises are not ideal.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues and benefits, Loreal offers a wonderful maternity leave as well.

Cons: Managers horrible didn’t spend time teaching and understanding ton of work
Advice: None
Pros: Money money car products travel colleagues culture sales meetings bonuses

Cons: Not enough hours during slow seasons, standing on feet for long periods.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, great pay, and wonderful management.

Cons: Some political tiers to climb.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting environment with passionate people about the industry.

Cons: Not enough of working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Loreal cares about their employees and it is a good place for retail job

Cons: - can be stressful due to the urgency to launch many projects on time
Advice: None
Pros: - good benefits
- no prior experience required

Cons: Politics can be a little tricky
Advice: None
Pros: Treated fairly
Lots of smart people
challenging
Always evolving

Cons: Highly matrixed and challenging to navigate from career growth perspective
Advice: None
Pros: Industry leader in cosmetics, dynamic and plays to win

Cons: Fast-paced, but that's the norm at L'Oreal
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is super supportive and wants you to grow within the company

Cons: lots of workload; HR ignorant (or simply don't care) of employee wellbeing
Advice: None
Pros: an industry giant, lots of learning

Cons: Covid has changed the industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunites for job growth and movement among brands.

Cons: Can’t afford to keep all employees and are constantly doing company cuts.
Advice: None
Pros: Great job with great opportunities and benefits.

Cons: poor work life balance, hierarchical, little room for financial growth
Advice: None
Pros: good growth, great experience, strong business accumen, handling large accouns

Cons: Lack of centralized communication. Lots of technical challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities within the organization to learn different skills and excel

Cons: As an organization can be very bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Excellent benefits. Great professional development opportunities.

Cons: big slow organization, no career path
Advice: None
Pros: great marketing know how, digital oriented

Cons: Very top heavy and all controls from France
Advice: None
Pros: Good brands and company. Big into process, that is changing slowly.

Cons: It can be demanding with tight teams.
Advice: None
Pros: High level of autonomy day-to-day

Cons: The bonus structure could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: They care about their all of their employees.

Cons: Promotability is slow and not a lot of options for leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity and Inclusive, Green Sustainability, benefits

Cons: extremely fast paced, very meeting heavy
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of opportunity to learn and grow

Cons: Can be an overly competitive and sometimes backstabbing environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with some very talented people!

Cons: Need updating in the warehouse facilities. No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay and benefits. Communication with employees

Cons: Corporate doesn't always treat you fairly
Advice: None
Pros: Free Loreal products every quarter
Fun place to interact with people

Cons: none I can think of as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Growth for people starting out and fun

Cons: compensation level lower than average
Advice: None
Pros: work for something that brings happiness to life, caring and professional

Cons: Bad salary, unnecessary processes, work life balance is terrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of free products, good place to learn.

Cons: Many steps to get work approved. Empowerment could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Community. Love. Great education. Leadership opportunity.

Cons: Work life balance is not ideal.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast Paced, lots of opportunities, great brands and products

Cons: Meeting heavy, unequal pay, low compensation
Advice: Less top management meetings.
Pros: Summer Fridays, benefits, people, stability

Cons: low value work load, duplicate work assignments.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for growth. Compassionate leadership. Great Benefits.

Cons: A lot of work and very little time
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and amazing team

Cons: Work/life balance continues to need optimizing
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, meaningful work, with a focus on its people

Cons: Slow professional growth
hourly rates not that competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Great networking
Prestigious and stable company
amazing management team

Cons: if you are not French you won't climb the corporate ladder
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits, summer flex hours

Cons: Low Salaries compare to industry, Politics
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Culture, Learnings, Teamwork, Brands

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: culture is outstanding and motivating

Cons: Big company not good , hard to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Knowledge and experience good for resume

Cons: can be high stress environment in certain roles
Advice: None
Pros: can move roles every 18 months, young workforce

Cons: high burnout rates due to turnaround times
Advice: None
Pros: compensation incentive to work hard with long hours

Cons: None that come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, they care about their employees, room for growth

Cons: can be stressful at times but manageable
Advice: None
Pros: flexible boss, interesting job, and room to grow

Cons: there are no cons at all !
Advice: None
Pros: Good very good and good

Cons: Opportunities can mean relocation t be able to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Great growth experiences with lots of opportunity

Cons: No competitive salaries
Lack of leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance overall

Cons: Not recommendable for a shy person
Advice: None
Pros: Energetic people and exciting situation

Cons: Compensation versus amount of work to deliver, un realistic growth expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurship, networking and company benefits

Cons: Need to improve on HR and diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and work life balance

Cons: Logistics, Hard to get changes passed upwards
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Growth, Unlimited income potential

Cons: work life balance and high turn over rate
Advice: None
Pros: engaging with freedom to learn new skillsets

Cons: Long hours, demanding and at times unreasonable goals
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, good pay and nice co workers.

Cons: -10-12 hour workdays
-unpaid lunch
-high turnover rate
-No work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: -Decent Pay-to-work ratio
-Flexible Vacation schedule
-Great Benefits

Cons: work life balance and management having realistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: good advancement and opportunities and lots of learning

Cons: Terrible management. Very hard work with lots of overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and decent pay

Cons: Poor management style and culture
Advice: Stop treating your employees like a number.
Pros: Good discounts but that’s about it

Cons: Pay is low compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, free products, good benefits

Cons: You work very long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, 401k and compensation

Cons: Salary raise is not so high
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit and kind coworkers

Cons: Working for a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Love it so much it is a wonderful company

Cons: Benefits could be better for sure
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and work from home

Cons: none to speak of after 2 years
Advice: None
Pros: GREAT COMPANY TO START YOUR CAREER

Cons: None I cant think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to have a job

Cons: Can be overwhelmed, very understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of autonomy, lots of different positions, lots of movement

Cons: Company too big and too much red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Respected multinational - great on resume

Cons: Sometimes they expect to do the supervisor job
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexibility, learn new things everyday

Cons: Toxic Environment, Meeting-heavy culture, Patriarchal viewpoints
Advice: None
Pros: Cool brands, Industry Leader, Competitive Salary

Cons: The people within the office aren't very friendly
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands, and nice discount.

Cons: No work life balance, lack of respect for personal time
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, Car, salary, pto

Cons: cons would be hours and work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: pros would include culture and compensation

Cons: Salary, bureaucracy, growth, culture, benifets
Advice: None
Pros: Security, culture, benefits, Managers, Coworkers, Location

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: There can be a lot of mandatory overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay , good schedule

Cons: Pay not great and bonus structure limiting
Advice: None
Pros: Large portfolio of brand to work for

Cons: Risk averse, slow to react to market shifts.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, location and brands

Cons: Opportunities with work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for field and remote employees.

Cons: Not too many interaction with headquarters
Advice: None
Pros: Can Work from home at least

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was very good

Cons: None whatsoever - its absolutely brilliant
Advice: Get a job
Pros: Great place to work every day

Cons: parking is kinda of a pain
Advice: None
Pros: job experience is great for other jobs

Cons: Very fast paced. Sink or swim environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: shipment issues may occur once in a while
Advice: None
Pros: free goods 50%discount loreal products

Cons: cafeteria food adequate, could do better
Advice: None
Pros: diverse &amp; intelligent co workers

Cons: No Diversity in Leadership or the company overall.
Advice: None
Pros: able to work on impactful projects

Cons: Very underpaid salary and interesting culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, good benefits, and interesting work

Cons: None that i have to currently express
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment at the office

Cons: Hard to get promoted and competitive. Ineffective
Advice: Mmx
Pros: Good experience and very nice learning environment

Cons: no downsides that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Career Movement, benefits, work life balance

Cons: There was nothing wrong with working for this company
Advice: None
Pros: None to date as such

Cons: Fast paced atmosphere and can be hectic
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent management and team bonding

Cons: Political management and HR practices
Advice: None
Pros: Classical marketing training, big budgets, great team members

Cons: French Mindset and bosses..quite different
Advice: None
Pros: Really Diverse environment with lots of challenges

Cons: Long commute to me personally
Advice: N/a
Pros: good benefits have provided to employees

Cons: the big company sometimes not help to learn
Advice: None
Pros: the international company a good experience

Cons: Management talks down on employees
Work not always consistent
Advice: None
Pros: Money stability benefits 401k easy work

Cons: You work all the time
Advice: None
Pros: They tend to have great benefits

Cons: Reactive, profit driven, slow to adapt to changing market.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and company car

Cons: Hierarchical, High Pressure, Everything’s Urgent, Under-Staffed, Over-Worked
Advice: None
Pros: Training, Exposure, Salary, Benefits, learning

Cons: Too many different tools and process heavy,
Advice: None
Pros: Some fun brands and good benefits.

Cons: Nothing much at this moment
Advice: None
Pros: Meaningful work, good work life balance

Cons: Technically challenged and toxic culture
Advice: None
Pros: It has some good benefits

Cons: Management does not properly train employees
Advice: None
Pros: Room for advancement and pay

Cons: None at this time ok
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company at this time

Cons: career development could use work
Advice: None
Pros: Empowering Diversity Supportive Retention Progressive

Cons: not really nice
over time working
Advice: None
Pros: good employess and boss
high reputation
nice
friendly
good

Cons: Does not provide growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, fun, and fast-paced environment

Cons: long hours, low salary, management
Advice: None
Pros: me an do al jo we is

Cons: There is no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: People and Benefits are great

Cons: work hours and french management
Advice: None
Pros: Great exposure to interesting challenges

Cons: Low pay, burn and churn
Advice: None
Pros: Good products and they share

Cons: Everything outside of the free makeup. Upper management does not communicate clearly. Promotions are biased. Direction changes with no warning.
Advice: Do better. Fire everyone and rehire.
Pros: Free makeup and high turnover. It will not benefit you

Cons: slow at decision making in management
Advice: None
Pros: innovative forward thinking organization dynamic

Cons: Not much for tech interns
Advice: None
Pros: Great networing and career building

Cons: Turnover rate within some brands
Advice: None
Pros: culture, benefits , employee discount

Cons: more opportunity to grow up.
Advice: None
Pros: The very good company manage

Cons: Get crazyy requests and no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Meet great people at loreal

Cons: Too much work never ended
Advice: None
Pros: Good experiences helped me grow

Cons: day off more often ,,,,
Advice: None
Pros: excellent experience to work there

Cons: time management, work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: autonomy, cross-functional exposure, high visibility

Cons: there was no cons working there
Advice: None
Pros: it was good working there

Cons: Overworked if you let them
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good people

Cons: nothing wrong with the company
Advice: n/a
Pros: it was great to work

Cons: Poor management and directors at the unit level.
Advice: Restructure your base
Pros: Great pay, benefits and PTO

Cons: political, no structures , zero work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: fast paced, learn alot, flexible

Cons: French decision making driven organization
Advice: None
Pros: The stipend to buy L'oreal products

Cons: Stingy, racist, management, management, management
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, vacation, benefits, voluntary ot, location

Cons: Slow response fine time though
Advice: Good job
Pros: Good looking place for Detroit

Cons: Racist. Supervisors HR is worthless
Advice: None
Pros: Don’t go there. Death penalty

Cons: The work life balance and project load.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and great experience in your field. Ability to learn a lot about the industry.

Cons: Unsustainable work hours/ no work life balance
High turnover rate
Toxic environment
Siloed ways of working
Understaffed teams
Unclear communication from management
Lack of promotion where it's deserved
Advice: None
Pros: Free Goods Program/ Discounted L'Oreal products
Summer Fridays

Cons: People management is poor at mid manager level… Even when there are opportunities they always look for outside talent without giving opportunity to the ones already in the company often leading managerial having to do what they are doing for years . It’s scary to a point that one could feel L’Oreal itself doesn’t believe in its upskilling program…  directors don’t work on training their  managers but rather higher from outside with prior experiences so new hire tells them what to do… Very Low interest to put in to retaining talent vs recruiting new talent..
Advice: You need a very strong Human Resources team! Most are still working to make people around them kept happy often losing the bigger picture they just leave an upper hand to the business managers and take a back seat.. HR needs to take pride in their function, use data ( this part is non existent) and talks with facts, digital transformation = is also people transformation so please drive this …you all have really really great technical skills but the soft skills are weak.. eg every meeting is started with KPI’s and target achievement why not introduce KPI’s to people management .. and pulse is often used as a tool to bully your boss than giving actual feedback..
Pros: Continuous thrive to do better tomorrow than you did yesterday. Technically capable leaders you have a lot to learn from. You will no be allowed to be complacent everyone has to do something new to show their uniqueness … which is great for one to discover their own potentials .. at director level a lot of job rotations which is good for the team ti bring new energy and new bosses..

Cons: The significant lack of process can make it very difficult to navigate the business. There is a huge amount of red tape to get through in terms of systems / operations / admin however the processes are not set or written down anywhere, and the senior leaders have no concept of these fundamentals, making it very difficult to navigate as you switch roles or start fresh in the business. Years of tenure in the business matter far more than your actual vocational experience, which is disappointing and frustrating as an experienced hire. Your network, contacts in L'Oreal, ability to build relationships and self PR capability is more valued than your actual contribution, capability or ways of working.
Advice: Network Network Network. Strong connections with the right people will secure your success
Pros: L'Oreal is a fantastic environment to work in if you are ambitious, a strong networker and self PR (especially upwards) and positively minded. You are given a lot of responsibility and ownership, are expected to drive your work forward of your own volition, often without direction, but encouraged to bring new ideas and innovations and to set your own path for progression and success. For an entrepreneurial profile it is an ideal environment.

Cons: Poor medical policy, specially maternity policy for women. For a company which advertises to be equal opportunity provider, they do not believe in bearing and sharing the expense of you being promoted in your personal life. Culture is a bit skewed to favor certain chosen persons in the lot.
Advice: Equal opportunities for women cannot end at advertising the slogan. It needs to include  actions to support and bring up women in each stage of their lives.  When competitors build morale by covering all costs of medical / maternity expense, as L'Oreal we cannot back away by casually offering loans to cover the gap. It is not the same and quite de-moralizing to work for a company who does not believe in supporting employees tough times which has a huge financial implications on said employees.
Pros: A lot of opportunities to innovate, always encouraged to be entrepreneur, good flexibility in terms of working hours as long as you deliver great results, regular cycles of performance review and unofficial reviews to evaluate improvement areas

Cons: Communicated by HR that the MT program is personalized where you can give feedback on your preferred areas for growth etc - in reality, it is driven by business needs where a landing role may not be available once the year is complete. Depending on function also be prepared to be paid below-market rate.

Know of predcessors that were pressured into resigning due to lack of roles available, lack of career planning for young talent.

Very chinese team composition - local team seems to have an overwhelming chinese majority
Advice: Implement proper career planning for young talent if not retention rates will continue to be very low.

Take what you communicate seriously instead of trying to sell a nice picture to young grads
Pros: Generally young culture, relatively flat hierarchy
Strong D&amp;I initiatives seem to be implemented
Free products given now and then

Cons: Progress towards who is "louder", not who is working the best, they don’t recognize or don’t want to recognize the talents they have and there is no room for progressing
Advice: They could work on work-life balance and HR needs to pay attention more to the talents they have and they need to start with some annual interviews with employees.
Pros: I worked at L'Oreal Adria and I have to say, you can really learn a lot.
There are a lot of advantages such as people culture, ethics, great offices, good salaries (however they are not competitive compared to the similar companies), additional health insurance, fresh fruit, great people and like I already mentioned, a big space for learning

Cons: They're not interested all forms of DI. Really good Out@Loreal and Parental networks but they aren't ready to tackle race at senior management.
Pay is terrible.
A lot of decisions have to be made in Paris who are culturally very different to other countries so the decisions don't always make sense (and can take forever to arrive).
Advice: Listen to employees and actually do this do tackle the lack of ethnic diversity. It's currently just for the headlines.
Pay more, you can't just rely on the brand name.
Pros: The people, the desire and drive to be a beauty tech company, the staff shop

Cons: More fixing of mess ups because some people are lazy and don’t do their stuff properly. 
People in power tend to be bullies. I am coloured and I hear black pepper complain all the time about the white people.
Advice: Stop going on about ethics when everyone that works there knows the company is not ethical. Say nothing and continue being the way you are and get more respect for it than lie about being it.
Pros: Staff prices on products. Good vibes with some people.

Cons: -Extremely stressful work environment. Everything is done last minute, no one knows who is responsible for what, and everyone is over-worked. Everything is thrown together and assigned to you at the very last minute, despite management knowing about projects months ahead of time. Pure chaos.
 
 -High turnover rate means that people are shoved into roles and there is a lack of continuity. New tasks outside of your responsibility will be assigned to you without even asking. It's hard to keep up with who is in charge of what because it changes so often.
 
 -Insufficient, disorganized, and informal training of new hires. You must constantly hunt people down to try get trained on programs and processes that are essential for you to do your job effectively. It is hard to find people willing to show you things. Management tells you to just figure it out because that's what they had to do.
 
 -Management is not open to constructive comments about process improvement. When you question the processes in place, they will tell you that "that's just how things are" and gaslight you for questioning them.
 
 -The work culture is very fictitious. They will talk about inclusion and diversity. They will send e-mails about mental health. But in reality, they promote only a certain type of people, and the high-stress work environment and lack of any structure make it difficult to maintain your mental health.
 
 -There is very little teamwork. It's every man for themselves. 
 
 -Unreasonable workload. You will be expected to juggle upwards of 20 projects at a time. Management loses track of what you are working on, so they will just assign more and more. They will not ask you if you can take on new projects, they will just forward them to you. You will receive so many big complicated projects with extremely tight deadlines that you will have a panic attack each time you get a new e-mail from certain people.
 
 -Lack of job security: the company is infamous for hiring people on contract. They want to test you out. They will string you along with the vague idea that you will eventually be hired on permanently. You will receive no health benefits and you will be excluded from additional perks such as public transit allowances. You will feel like you are not a true employee, but instead, a lower class within the workplace.
 
 -Zero transparency with staff. Management makes many "strategic" choices behind closed doors. There is always a lot of whispering and secret conversations. Everything always felt very sneaky.
Advice: -Provide formal and standardized training, tools, and resources to your employees upon hire.
 
 -Senior managers need to closely monitor middle management to ensure that their staff is happy and well-equipped with proper resources and knowledge.
 
 -Be transparent with your employees.
 
 -Recognize the hard work of your employees and thank them regularly.
 
 -Truly listen to your employee's concerns and work with them to find a solution. Do not just tell them to "figure it out" or that "that's just the way things are here".
 
 -Ensure that workloads are reasonable.
Pros: -Summer Fridays = finishing at 12:30 every Friday in summer
 -Winter Fridays = finishing at 3pm on Friday during winter
 -Free access to Coursera and other online courses
 -50% discount on their products in the employee boutique
 -Downtown office

Cons: very senior executive leader who he thinks its ok to make advances at Christmas party's with DJ's, have inappropriate conversations with more junior staff about 'relationships' and likes to talk about motorbikes and bayside living to pump himself up. I would expect more from a female focused business. ashamed to work here.
Advice: locally under this leadership nothing will change, its for Paris to get involved and clean out the local rubbish, this would start making this global business a local standout.
Pros: great brands with global support, fun to work with retailers when global brands, great office location,

Cons: The retail and education departments of the LUXE division in the UK are very 'clicky'.. it's all about who you know and they are discriminatory if you are not white and British. Terrible and toxic environment.
Advice: a) Be more inclusive and walk your talk with regards being diverse and inclusive. b) Respect people's work-life balance and not make people work 60 hours per week with no overtime payment.. 
c) Senior management to at least pretend not to be clicky with each other and give fair opportunities and treat others with respect.
Pros: their benefits package is okay although a little behind competitors.

Cons: Fast environment, plans change often.
If no process or workflow to manage these changes, it will become overwhelming.
Time consuming operational, manual tasks and processes.
Advice: Remuneration can be more competitive.
Some committed employees who stayed a long time and salaries are not pegged to market should have their salaries reviewed.
Pros: Supply Chain and Finance have strong position with business divisions
Favorable career opportunities 
Flexible work conditions
Decisive managers

Cons: * Diversity is openly discussed and treated as a tick box exercise.
* Unethical behaviours in HR function (e.g., blatant nepotism - we were asked to hire on the children of friends of senior HR leadership)
* Incompetent, borderline cruel management (e.g., bullying and harassing employees that they dislike or want to drive out of their team).
* Vain, toxic, disorganized, and inefficient culture driven from the top.
Advice: None
Pros: Ambitious, fast-paced environment. Loads of projects always on the docket.

Cons: Put into a new employment structure of be luxe with a couple of weeks notice, don’t find the training to be beneficial although it’s put together well. 
Not working in the role I originally desired and has with the company due to cuts.
Advice: None
Pros: Great during lockdowns and covid, transferred when store closure.

Cons: Had to let security search bags entering and leaving the building, management/supervisors were very mistrustful of employees in general. Had to work a certain number of hours to earn the employee discount.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee discounts, flexible work hours

Cons: Intense, salary could be better for hours spent. HR is a joke
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a good school to begin with. It is very fast paced and intense at time. You must like that kind of vibe to stay long.

Cons: Very low salary increases as everyone is raised, huge uncertainty in terms of career projection/evolution, lack of process &amp; structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Sense of exigence and a company that always targets excellence. It's an amazing place to learn and grow, a real school.

Cons: Scarce jobs making it hard to secure a job with them
Advice: None
Pros: All products have clear indications on use
They pay their employees on time

Cons: Long working hours.
Some management likes to give credits to those who doesn't know their work.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexi and good benefits. Able to work at your own pace.

Cons: Average pay, management is not diverse, a lot of fire fighting
Advice: Reward deserving employees more, else they will leave
Pros: Autonomy, ownership of work, relatively flat hierarchy

Cons: Status and being seen it's what matters the most, not good work
Advice: Stop trying to have the coolest kids, start having the best employeees
Pros: Well known in the market, opens a lot of doors

Cons: During peak season work hours can be very long and I would argue for the amount interns do they’re underpaid
Advice: None
Pros: Work Culture and People are amazing

Cons: - Work life balance (number FTE too low)
- Processes not efficient (the company requires better IT tools to make collaboration easier)
- Remuneration not competitive for juniors 
- Digital expertise sometimes missing internally
Advice: None
Pros: Great team spirit, people &amp; great brands

Cons: L'Oréal Canada (Montreal) is by far the worst company I've ever worked for, Here are just some reasons why:

- An infantile working environment: You'll often hear employees mocking their colleague's clothes and hair behind their back, gossiping, and acting like cliquey teenagers. In general, you don't feel like you're working with adults; you'll feel like you're back in high school.

- A lack of diversity: The majority of employees all have the same educational background, career path and personality, which often leads to groupthink.

- Red tape: Even completing the simplest tasks requires so much time and effort because of all the red tape. If you try to make things more efficient, you'll be met with "this is how it's always been done, why change it?"

- Long hours: Due to all the red tape, expect to work way over 40 hours per week, even if you're at a very junior level. When you calculate your hourly wage, you'll realize your salary is just okay. Also, you'll be paying for tea/coffee/snacks out of your own pocket, so keep that in mind while you're working all those long hours. 

- Overall obnoxious attitude: A lot of employees think they know it all because they're working at L'Oréal. But, most of them are living in a bubble and out of touch with reality and their customers. 

- Lack of collaboration: Do not expect colleagues to help you for free. You'll have to show them what's in it for them and how this can help with their career aspirations. Colleagues see others as competitors, not allies, which creates a very toxic work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: 50% off L'Oréal's many products

Cons: Day-to-day tasks differ from the tasks advertised in the job description.
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, network, professionalism and work-life balance.

Cons: Workload can be heavy at some periods
Advice: None
Pros: Your experience really depends on the manager you have. Exciting, dynamic and rich work environment.

Cons: don't keep promises on position availability no matter how hard &amp; good you work
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work hours, serene environment, work from home

Cons: Bad salary, long hours, not easy to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great learning experience

Cons: I was hired at the the outcome of my interviews
Advice: Be sure your technical skills and experiences
Pros: Loreal is a huge global company to be having excellent skills and improving yourself

Cons: Stress // pushing the target. Lots of late night work
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Learn a lot
2. Stretch yourself 
3. Opportunity to have training and travel abroad

Cons: - Fast pace day-to-day work style, sometimes can be overwhelming.
Advice: -
Pros: - We are constantly learning, it is a company that invests in their employees

Cons: Not very nice to foreign workers by not allowing them to work from their home country during Covid quarantine
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and nice office.
A lot of training

Cons: Overloaded job tasks may lead you to frequent overtime work
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work arrangement &amp; environment. Caring WFH policy allows you to work best

Cons: Some responsibilities should be conducted by agencies instead of the role's owner
Advice: None
Pros: Acts both as core marketeer and digital marketeer

Cons: Things get unstructured in Loreal due to very people oriented company
Advice: Better SOP at important processes
Pros: 1. Collaborative colleagues
2. Great benefit 
3. Exiting projects

Cons: Work can be intense sometimes but it gives space for intern to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Nice team members and great scope of work

Cons: Long Working Hour
Office Politics
Average Salary
Advice: None
Pros: Free Goods
Medical Insurance
Remote Work
Flexibility
Nice Colleagues

Cons: lack of process
politics can slow things down
Advice: None
Pros: great company culture, amazing people, learning environment, challenging (in a good way!) work, entrepreneurial, fast paced

Cons: Work on modernizing was of working globally
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands and great people

Cons: No Benefits, Little to no development, Slow foot-Traffic
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Schedule, Easy Scheduling, Local, Simple Job Responsibilities, Independent Work

Cons: - overtime 
- huge workload
- no bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: - good office location
- good tools offered: good notebook, personal phone, good monitors

Cons: Long working hours and terrible company culture
Advice: None
Pros: Mature management trainee program and able to grow up in few years.

Cons: not many cons to write about
Advice: None
Pros: great people and an awesome brand

Cons: extremely catty work environment, no work-life balanace.
Advice: None
Pros: you get to try products.

Cons: Administrative complexity
Too many stakeholders
Often teams keep their actual job while doing project on top
Advice: None
Pros: Possibilities to propose innovative projects
Great team competency in IT and Business

Cons: Old fashioned processes, French culture
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting brands, fast paced culture

Cons: Same objectives with a good vibe at work
Advice: None
Pros: Good school and a big family

Cons: Pay starts ok and becomes increasingly uncompetitive
Advice: None
Pros: Learnings are amazing, stability with budgets through big brand marketing.

Cons: Can’t think of any.. :)
Advice: None
Pros: Superb working environment, strong and agile team, always ambitious and think big!

Cons: Bad company culture and senior management. Not a cohesive environment to work in.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and product allowances. Good bonuses.

Cons: Working hours, Stres, Work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Digital, Beauty, Ecom, Global, 360 Marketing

Cons: weak communications among people and full time hours of service
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and teamwork and good products

Cons: Increment and promotion is very less
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly , medium term for employment

Cons: The salaries are quite low
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly company, where experience to work

Cons: Sometimes given unreasonable targets when it’s quieter.
Advice: None
Pros: Great discounts, great training, good products

Cons: fOR THE MOMENT I SEE NO ISSUE
Advice: nO
Pros: Highy recommend THE OMPANY FOR A GOOD WORK LIFE BALANCED

Cons: Low salary
No extras at all
Advice: None
Pros: People, interst, processes, success, like a family

Cons: incentives are low need to improve
Advice: offer good incentive please
Pros: Offer good salary and expenses

Cons: Manual processes during day to day
Advice: None
Pros: Great autonomy to make decisions

Cons: High workload and stress
No solutions to reducing this
Making teams leaner and adding no headcount
High targets and limited resources
Many people having work related mental health breakdowns
Advice: None
Pros: Good brand on CV
Free/discounted beauty products

Cons: crazy hours and stressful environment
Advice: None
Pros: good opportunity to grow your carrier

Cons: low salary and low work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and lovely workers

Cons: Growth rate is very slow
Advice: None
Pros: I have learned a lot
International environment

Cons: Not many processes in place
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and culture ☺️

Cons: very nice people and environment
Advice: None
Pros: I am excited to work in loreal

Cons: Demand by season. Central work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation. Good salary. Time

Cons: The career path is not so greatfull
Advice: None
Pros: The remuneration and atmosphere is really good

Cons: Rotation shifts, long hours commuting
Advice: None
Pros: Traveling, luxury products,education, team spirit

Cons: Competitive working environment 
All woman
Advice: None
Pros: Hard working people, Fun, fashionable, leading company

Cons: Very stressed il and carry ambience r
Advice: Nonce
Pros: Good insurance and good bonuses overall

Cons: busy busy busy work overtime
Advice: None
Pros: fast paced environment, you will learn a lot.
good benefits

Cons: -Non-competitive wages
-Bad work/life balance
-Unclear processes
Advice: None
Pros: -Generally cooperative colleagues
-Good reference in the FMCG sector

Cons: Apac gone, over work, time management, meetings,
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse, opportunity, open minded, gifts,work from home

Cons: Promotes too quickly, before employee is just learning their role.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, 
Great benefits 
Growth program is excellent

Cons: low salary
lack of cooperation
competitiveness
Over 40 hours work
lack of sex balance
Advice: None
Pros: experience
drive office projects Diversity SWAG

Cons: huge amount of workload and bad worklife balance
Advice: None
Pros: Enthusiastic team and very collaborative

Cons: Very closed in some aspects
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to go international with lots of privileges

Cons: This king of job could be paid
Advice: None
Pros: Various tasks that you choose yourself

Constant feedback

Learning opportunities

Cons: poor work environment poor management high work load
Advice: None
Pros: nice aesthetics. freebies training opportunities

Cons: Not enough level of average salary
Advice: None
Pros: Best company in the world

Cons: - Roles to upgrade into are limited.
Advice: None
Pros: - Work environment is very positive.

Cons: Long working hours all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work with smart people

Cons: workload too much, a lot of agenda
Advice: less stressful
Pros: good discount, nice office, work from home benefit

Cons: No cons no cons no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work ours, good good good

Cons: Too many working hours overload workload
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good salary, improve

Cons: hight performance expectation, low support to achieve this
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, good environment to work

Cons: Top down pressure and unrealistic deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Hard working team and collaborative

Cons: Team, manager, environment, daily tasks
Advice: None
Pros: A very good annual salary

Cons: some managers doesn't give the real appreciations no matter how hard worker you are, there is some communication issues between the managers and their teams. my manager wasn't supporting me all the time. the HR as much as they are doing the best to make the work place better but they didn't take a considerations when it's comes to any reasons why people get terminated.
Advice: please give your team a space to breath and to speak up freely about the negative points and listen to them when it comes to what they feel and what they think when it's related to the work and the business, for the HR please ask the employee about the real reason why they cannot work smoothly with their managers. and before you decide to terminate  anyone make sure that you have investigate enough to be fare.
Pros: Career Opportunities , Benefits, Culture, Diversity

Cons: - No babysit culture (applicable to new hires) - may serve as a challenge for new hires who prefers to work alone with minimum interaction as you need to take initiative in reaching out to your buddies/ mentors/ internal stakeholders 
- Not the top payer in FMCG
Advice: Please look into improving dated benefits for local markets and key functions
Pros: - Results driven company, therefore high pressure and fast paced culture, which equates to having colleagues who are direct and straight forward but not unreasonable; they are actually helpful if you take the 1st step to approach and ask questions
- A company that actually works WITH you on your career development, and offers internal mobility (disclaimer: for good/ top performers that genuinely delivers at work!)
- Flat hierarchy 
- Genuinely encourages "speak up" culture, values voices and opinions of talents regardless of seniority

Cons: Despite the numerous yearly evaluations done to the employees, HR does not fully nor profesionally review them before firing someone, so they keep firing good people just becuse "a Manager said so". 
In the end, you can be fired just becuse a new boss is not very found of you in a personal level, depite your many top contributions to the Company. So sad!
Advice: Establish additional control and investigation processes within HR, to ensure that your top employees are not fired for personal or false reasons.
Pros: I worked there for almost 9 years and the overall experience was awsome!!
L'Oréal is a place where you'll never get bored and where you'll be able to learn and apply as much as you want. There is a lot of freedom to work and they also offer great additional benefits such as flex-time, home-office, etc.
I loved every single moment of my time there!!

Cons: All about networking far more than performance, very competitive. Young leadership that needs to be shapped. Poor HR management with lack of undertsanding what leadership trully means (despite the country)
Advice: Please HR, be caring to your employees. Understand who your public is and enable them for what they can acutally become. Do not hinder people's growth due to your frustrations. Leaders...be mature before you aim to grow in your career, your knowhow and expertise has to match your emotional maturity, after all your first product is the peple you work with!
Pros: You will be very autonomy to create new procedure, millenials workstyle, awesome brands to work with

Cons: Unsustainable workload (particularly in the marketing brand teams) with extremely stretched thin resource. Especially during the beauty “bounce back” after Covid-19. This leads to frustration, low team morale, regular burn-out and always feeling like you are firefighting rather than getting ahead.
Advice: The only way to improve colleague stress is to reduce workload and increase headcount. It’s nice to have wellness programmes but ultimately the only way to shift the dial is to change those two things above.
Pros: Fantastic, inspiring work colleagues
Forward thinking ways of working (though not 100% there yet)
Fun social perks
Great employee benefits 
Free products
Sense of pride and admiration for working for an amazing beauty company. A family team feel.

Cons: Unachievable sales goals, management not respectful of your days off, they expect you to take the calls even though they are off on weekends and are unavailable to take calls. Not alot of ability to move up or progress in your career unless you work in the head office in Montreal. They keep giving the upper management more work instead of promoting employees. Some managers have 3 or 4 job titles.
Advice: Please give credit where credit is due. Give part time workers benefits and show appreciation for the employees who are working for you
Pros: 4 weeks of vacation, global profit sharing, stock options, bonus pay, heath benefits and comprehensive care and share program. Workplace stability.

Cons: 1) No regard for work-life balance
2) Usually under-pay compared to competition
3) Compensation levels not consistent for the same role. Discrimination very common in compensation levels
4) Management attitude not to the standard of a global MNC
Advice: 1) Have a clear definition of what will be earned upon reaching a certain role. Lack of consistency in pay for those taking up a new role impacts motivation.
2) Facilitate work-life balance. 
3) Invest in "human". You call the company a "people-first" company.
4) Investment in tech development should not come at the cost of investment in people.
Pros: 1) Company invests in learning
2) Good co-workers (pre-pandemic)
3) Opportunity for growth
4) Immense learning opportunities
5) One of the biggest companies in the world

Cons: - due to fast-paced nature of business, guidance is often lacking making work a lot harder (need to place much greater emphasis on creating clear systems and processes)
- very results driven (understandable) but often feel like individual guidance is a side thought.
- long hours
Advice: Encourage managers to place more emphasis on people rather than results - results come when there is transparency and people feel valued, take the time to iron out systems/processes early - will save time in the long run
Pros: - Great setting to start your career, thrown into the deep end early on 
- lots of great people 
- good perks: summer hours, generous product allowance

Cons: When I went back into a casual role after being made redundant it was like I no longer existed. It took 10 weeks for me to get a Christmas casual contract and then another 5 weeks to get a regular casual contract despite being a loyal employee for years prior.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked at L’Oréal as both a manager and a casual. When i was a store manager I got a lot more support from the area managers and head office. The other L’Oréal staff were also amazing and fun to work with and there were some awesome work benefits with a great range of free products.

Cons: Very lean structure, I did not have a life while I was there. I was so busy I didn't have time to take advantage of their training opportunities or leave benefits. Went to work while sky was dark and came home when sky was dark. Didn't have a supportive manager as well, I was the third person to leave the company after a year in the same role.
Advice: None
Pros: I was at the Singapore branch, excellent benefits, training opportunities, generally good productive people to work with, opportunities to showcase your work and shine

Cons: Too agile, no career progression/ development planned. People come and leave in 2-3 years, taking with them entire knowledge on brand with no cross training for the junior ones. Mid management are then hired but they bail in half a year due to poor work life balance and this expectation that you’re hired to solve a problem with little to no context.
Advice: More for loreal to grow in having structured communications for new-comers, taking over database without any handover. Most importantly to plan for career opportunities and development, high turnover rate isn’t helping business urgencies or morale.
Pros: Young culture. Lively workplace. Trendy topics

Cons: You are not guaranteed a graduate role at the end of your internship and the way the talent team judge your performance is beyond flawed. If you don't look or 'fit' the L'Oreal head office brand you won't make it far. They rate your performance based on the big projects you've been involved in but not everyone has the opportunity to be part of those.
Advice: Review the internship / graduate process before you lose talented graduates that have spent a year contributing to the business. The company couldn't survive without interns.
Pros: staff shop
staff sale
a lot of responsibility from the beginning

Cons: - overhours, even you need to leave the office on time, often you finish work from home until late at night
- depending on the teams often hostile environment
- feedback on incompetent leaders are continuously ignored by HR and those manager keep getting promoted as long as the sales numbers are correct
- a lot of talks on inclusiveness, but mostly as a PR story
Advice: None
Pros: - nice lifestyle with the job 
- young teams who are willing to bring the brands forward
- lots of responsibilities from the start

Cons: - Stressful, unrealistic timelines.
- Worked long hours with little recognition.
- Don't believe in creating processes, expect existing staff to take on more work as they make people redundant. 
- No work life balance - If you are unwell or have annual leave, management still call you on you on your days off. Expected to work  and still check your emails and reply.
- No proper handover for new staff, expects staff to pick up and run with it. 
- Every decision is controlled by overseas Executive team.
- They get staff to spend useless amouts of time of internal presentation packs, when they should be concentrating on fixing and upgrading their internal processes and systems.
- Management level are in their own bubble and need to see and experience how other companies managing and operating.
- High staff over - except for the Executive team, they promote from within.
- While many companies are still encouraging to work from home*Covid* L'Oréal wants to staff to come back into the office asap. - They say they are flexible but really they want to see staff in the office.
Advice: Most of the Management level are in their own bubble. Some have never worked anywhere else except L'Oréal, so they don't  get to experience how other companies managing and operating.
Need to have a  mix of New management, fresh pair of eyes to bring new ideas and give an outside perspective. Otherwise the company will be in the same cycle, with high continuous staff turnover and Ex staff bad mouthing about the terrible experience they had with L'Oréal. Great brands, but don't have a good reputation in the marketplace.
Listen to your staff if they say they're stressed or overworked take action and make sure you can help them. Don't call or text/interrupt them on their days off, annual & sick days are taken for a reason.
Pros: - Summer hours 2pm finish on a Friday.
- Staff shop perks.
- Free department products. 
- Good colleagues staff are great.
- Great range of global brands under L'Oréal.

Cons: - Overworked and poor work/life balance. High attrition rate. Even before the pandemic, you can feel that everyone just wants to survive the week. Sadly, you will even have to worry about urgent issues or problems to fix on weekends. The pandemic made it worse but the high-stress environment has always been there. You will most likely see employees ranting out on Instagram/Facebook that they just want the week to be over. But it’s a cycle and it seems to never end.
- Long working hours. Pre-pandemic you will see employees working in the office until evening. You will feel ashamed of leaving early because your colleagues are still in the office even after dinner time. You will realize that the compensation and benefits such as 'Freedom Friday' are just to compensate for your overtime every day.
- No investment in modern tools/apps and process efficiency. It seems people are stuck with Excel to do most of their work. This is a problem because employees spend a lot of time and energy on manual processes and execution, and no one wants to initiate change because everyone is just too tired already just to finish their tasks. 
- Managers are all smart and great individual contributors, but I think too young or still need maturity in managing direct reports. Those are different yet equally important skill sets.
- The ‘too much friendly’ culture can be a problem in the workplace also. Because everyone is your friend, everything becomes urgent and people work by asking for favors and considerations all the time. Sadly it becomes toxic because it seems your life will revolve around L’Oreal and you will not have a personal space/time outside L’Oreal. Not to mention the gossipy culture evident in L'Oreal PH.
Advice: Please accept that people are overworked and there is poor work/life balance. Be an example of changing this culture by setting realistic deadlines and a manageable workload. Keep up with the modern times on improving efficiency and how we work.
Pros: - Compensation and benefits, generous allowances on top of monthly salary
- Free products at company events and employee discounts
- People are all nice and willing to help each other get through the week
- Sustainability efforts on all of its brands
- Once a month half day off
- Great established global brand, sadly not so much as a workplace when you are already inside the company. They say L'Oreal works like a start-up, but it operates on a bigger scale being an established brand, which makes it chaotic.
- Growth and fast career advancement, but only if you are willing to sell your soul to the company

Cons: They create positions for people who are already high up just for the sake of it and the title without them actually being a true asset to deserve that position in the company
Advice: Promote people who actually deserve it and instead of asking more from your Beauty Assistants and Makeup Artists ,  ask the regionals and national makeup artists to put more effort towards taking the business further.
Pros: •Some good benefits ( staffshop , commission , hamper bags) 
•My team in the stores I’ve been has always been great.

Cons: The culture is so trong you realize that is highly unhealthy and toxic for young people to grow as young professionnals. They will teach you the L'Oreal way, which will make you a very good profesionnals. But you will also have a compltemy biais vision of what it takes to be good. It is not made for everybody. When you realize that sometimes is too late.
Advice: People are not assets you can play with.
Pros: Strong culture, feels like you "belong somewhere" when you are young. 
Possibilities are endlress (if you are ready to pay the price for it...)

Cons: The work ethos can be overwhelming, they're notorious for working incredibly hard but this can sometimes lead to staying in the office until 8pm, merely because the rest of your team is.
Advice: Set a better example of healthy working ours, everyone should work at their own pace and on their own terms - sometimes this can get lost due to teams working incredibly long hours, which then gets filtered down as something that's expected of you.
Pros: They really take care of their employees and your mental wellbeing within the company.

Cons: 1. Career Development Plan is not set for many, poor milestones which makes you lost , depends more on the opportunities raised (reactive) rather than creating ones (proactive).
2. Salary package is poor, the curve is decreasing make it less competitive to others.
Advice: Work more on the career development for employees and the salary package and benefits after benchmarking with others.
Pros: 1. Career Development in a very flexible environment. Company promotes change of positions despite background. which increases the learning curve.
2. Clear vision and strategy on the corporate level which helps to make things clear and promotes alignment.
3. Learning.

Cons: The work/life balance has always been (and continues to be) an issue - unrealistic expectations in terms of deliverables, and endless rework and revalidation mean that things take far longer than they should. It is also a very political environment, with a lot of paranoia amongst managers - especially at a senior level.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has some great brands and there is a lot of energy in the place. The company is also very good at fitting your career path to your individual interests and strengths,

Cons: - Conflict is a very normal way of communicating in this company. Not always very efficient nor constructive. 
- Ensure that employees are mature before you promote them to avoid creating a playground at management level
Advice: Show that respect and constructive feedback are the basis of every healthy functioning company
Pros: You'll get the opportunity to learn from the best and experience a company culture that aims at pushing you out of your comfort zone. It's a fast faced environment and it's not for everyone, but the empowerment they give to employees is unrivaled.

Cons: L'Oréal is great if you have no children and are starting your career and are ready to put a lot of hours in. It works great at the beginning of a career because of the involvement required. Once you advance in experience, you might want to move and get something less challenging to have more of a balanced life.
Advice: None
Pros: You work like an entrepreneur and manage your own work. Fast pace environment and energetic co-workers from all horizons. Standards are high in the output and it brings the best out of you.

Cons: No work life balance
Too many meetings
Senior management keeps changing priorities
Senior leadership are great at beauty but not great leaders
Toxic people are kept even at upper management
Advice: Learn how to make choices and stick with them
Expand requirement for leaders to not just be beauty experts but be great people leaders, and exit toxic leaders
Greatly reduce # of review meetings
Pros: Fast-paced so things are always exciting, at the forefront of innovation
Working on beauty brands is a lot of fun
Very competitive salary &amp; benefits

Cons: Only come to work here if you are ok with having terrible work life balance.
Many staff are prone to burnout so turnover is relatively high
Advice: While I understand having a lean structure is sometimes necessary when business is down, having 1 person cover multiple roles is not working efficiently. It is double batting and definitely detrimental to long term productivity of your employee.
Pros: Looks great on your resume
Great place to learn 
Attractive benefits (eg. Company freebies, medical benefits, transport stipend)

Cons: good morning and then I can be there for you guys have a great time to get the best way to get the job description and the institution of the incoming batch
Advice: good, efficient extract of all the best way to get the job doneand is not a problem with this new one is the best way to get the job
Pros: good, efficient extract of all the best way to get the job doneand is not a problem with this new one is the best way to get the job

Cons: - the constant necessity to be "agile" merely a euphemism for extremely heavy workloads. Expect to be working long hours and sacrificing a lot of personal time especially with the "work from home" initiative. Impromptu calls while having dinner and excessive meetings late into the evening / night is common
- work culture can be toxic
Advice: None
Pros: - benefits and perks are definitely a plus point. Staff purchases as well as insurance package (flexi options) is very desirable
- definitely adds value to your CV by having L'Oreal as part of your work experience due to their presence
- exposure to various aspects of FMCG and luxury products is comprehensive

Cons: Discriminative in Salary, Nationality and gender.
Appointments and promotions more on contacts then Merit.
Good work atmosphere but very political.
Long work hours for some.
Management very far from ground realities.
Advice: Ignorances is not bliss!
Stand for and support  the employees on company drawn ethics  and not make it a scapegoat.
Be neutral and give a ear to your employees in critical situation on employees career and exit to know if the decision is not biased.
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: - Can be a highly stressful environment
- Remuneration could do with some work
- A lot of red tape to get projects moving smoothly (also, understandable given the nature, size and responsibility of the business)
Advice: Keep making progressive changes that have been seen in recent years. Keep your focus on "the people" and the culture.
Pros: - Opportunity to work on some of the most globally recognised brands
- In recent years, a huge focus on company culture 
- Great perks

Cons: Good Processes but ghastly execution. 
Lack of transparency. 
Too much politics/ Lack of meritocracy - the best person for the job might not always get it.
Advice: Time to walk the talk as per L'Oreal's Ethical Principles which India is nowhere close to. 
Integrity, Respect, Courage and Transparency can't be just shown in  slides but needs to be followed in person as well.
Pros: Global Exposure, 
Good Processes, 
Vast avenues for learning
Know how to build products/brands.

Cons: Poor pay- well below competitor companies. 
Challenging targets resulting in minimal commission payout. 
Days can be long and boring.
Advice: Listen and respect your part time staff as much you do your counter managers. This part time BA did a bulk of the account managers role yet all credit went to the manager instead of joint acknowledgment.
Pros: Stong and supportive management team. 
Good staff discount and generous product allowance.
Staff well-being very important to the company.

Cons: Database not well-organized for new comers to catch up on legacy work and many documents still exist only in French.
Matrix organization within the company difficult to navigate through to get to the right contact.
Despite new reorganization, people still work in silos.
Advice: None
Pros: Provides dynamic career trajectory for those who excel due to less structured and rigid career path.
A very ethical company that is mindful of safety, performance and sustainability.
A lot of learning opportunities through training and short-term assignments.

Cons: - EVERYTHING
- Everything is a LIE , they advertise women of color, but there is no WOC on executive boards or HR management 
- Make a labour board complaint and in writing
- HR is racist and will no help employees
- They pay marketing more than sales
- D&amp;I is a lie
- 60+ hours on a terrible salary
Advice: STOP CARING MORE ABOUT PROMOTING FRENCH MALES AND START WORRING ABOUT HAVING HR AND MANAGEMENT ACTUALLY BE REPRESENTATIVE OF PEOPLE YOU ARE PUSHING YOUR PRODUCTS TOO
Pros: - discounted products
- you get to say you work for l'oreal

Cons: Very poor management that encourages unethical behaviours , HR has no active role. Not such an ethical company after all.
Advice: People don’t leave companies - they leave bad managers. Take care of your asset employees more - if you don’t want to be left with the B’ class ones . It will ruin the company’s reputation.
Pros: Great company with a large portfolio of brands, you get to learn a lot.

Cons: - Little work-life balance because much time is spent figuring out processes and who is in charge of which area.
- A lot of administrative work falls onto Marketing teams due to lack of structure.
- Because of strict finance control, it creates even more unnecessary processes.
Advice: Simplify for real efficiency. Not just for showcase.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Exposure to regional and global team and trends.

Cons: Within the team everyone wants to perform and will indirectly or directly arrow you. If the Boss is good and fair, you are safe. If the Boss ears are too light, then you will be arrowed.
Advice: Base on your Bosses
Pros: Great in staff benefits &amp; opportunity to grow with different division. A place you can demonstrate your skills. Able to work with many different function within the Company.

Cons: It is a very high stress environment; they say they want creativity, but truly they want you to say what the boss says. Limited possibilities to implement new ideas.
Advice: Leave off the micromanagement, don’t send email after work hours
Pros: Pay, dresscode, cafeteria, friday hours, holidays, advantages, social benefits, coffee, discounts, work from home, christmas time off, advancement possibilities, location

Cons: - Very undefined career path for some roles 
- Instability at management positions
Advice: Push harder the career evolution of your people and try to stabilize senior positions
Pros: - Work-life balance in my team is very good
- There is a high level of flexibility
- Benefits are a lot 
- People are the best part in L’Oréal
- From junior levels, you’re treated fairly and given all the opportunities to shine

Cons: Hierarchical organisation that you have to be able to resist. You have to earn your time to speak.
Advice: Don’t be afraid of the younger generations. Experience is important but the world is changing to fast to think your years on the job make you know it all.
Pros: If you are willing to work, the sky is the limit. Being french defenitely helps as well.

Cons: -the new CEO Hieronimus is well known for being extremely tough. It’s a huge step backward for the company as it has strived for years to improve its reputation and external image. 
Career paths are random for the most part: they remain extremely unclear and down to the people you meet and work with. If you end up working on the wrong brand or in the wrong division, you will get stuck and have a slow progression with endless parallel moves that will degrade your curriculum. HR’s do not even hide the fact that each career at L’oreal is highly singular: in other words, it’s down to plain luck. Those that emerge are not the most talented ones but those who were lucky enough to work with influential people who over the years worked their way up the corporate ladder. The so called meritocracy that the company often boasts is a complete lure.
Don’t expect a progressive stance on home office either: at best employees will get 2 days of home office whereas most corporations have taken the leap and now let their employees work 100% from home if they wish.
Increasing positive discrimation too: if you are a mid age white male, you will struggle, however good your records are.
Terrible work life balance if you work in a local business unit or in a DMI.
Advice: Merit-based promotions leveraging 360 evaluations. 
Higher monthly salaries with much less profit sharing: when a company delivers 3,5 months of revenue in profit sharing and about 12% of variable pay you know that something is wrong with your monthly pay slip. 
Real training: E-learning is used massively to keep most employees away from proper personal development trainings. Only a handful of employees still benefit from coaching or leadership training. 
Stop simplicity: everyone knows it’s a decoy.
Pros: Most brands are good, but lots of them are also totally overlooked. Pick the right ones or end up suffering a lot with zero budget and maximum pressure to turn them around like all your predecessors who tried, failed (and left).

Cons: Trust in senior management is low and treatment of women on maternity leave is poor.
Advice: Practice what you preach
Pros: Training is vast and continuous. Huge investment in this allows you to always learn. Job roles can be very diverse and movement into different departments is often possible, even if you don't have the full skill set.

Cons: You never rest. 
If you do, it’s never well met. 
Everything is an emergency, you can’t seem to prep in advance always unexpected projects falling in your lap.

Internal structure and procedures abound and there are no real training or learning system established. You learn by ask questions, and venturing into the unknown.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Opportunity to learn different careers 
Great and big projects
Big budgets

Cons: Not very competitive package.
Young Local Management Leaders is a good thing but in cost of Management experience and decision making.
No room from career path development.
Good talents leave frequently
Advice: Keep on hold to good Talents, by reviewing pay scale benefits, and create a practical career path plan.
Pros: Room to innovate and apply your innovation without being afraid to make mistakes.
Good Ethics.

Cons: Lack of processes
Too much French influence
Advice: None
Pros: If you want to build entrepreneurship, this is the place. While it could get chaotic and it might take time to get used to the L'Oreal culture, once you do, you realize that you can scale great heights in your career. The organization respects its people and encourages creativity

Cons: Can be very stressful with the amount of workload and you find yourself working outside of work hours and sometimes in the weekend to complete work.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities, equal pay, career and personal development, support, and the people are great!

Perks: Product allowance, summer hours, Friday drinks, gym membership, tennis court access, health and life insurance, profit share, various events, and much more!

Cons: Long processes to get anything done. Constant blockages from upper management but pressure to be agile. Processes can be improved not willing to give workers the freedom to lead.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great but it’s really based on whether you have a honest and genuine manager otherwise your quickly pushed out.

Cons: If you are a woman of colour, don’t even bother entertaining applying. It will be a waste of your time and mental health. They only promote Caucasian French people to reflect their Parisian roots. Everyone else is overworked and never compensated.
Advice: Listen to your employees. They are suffering and begging for better leadership. Don’t promote those who have no experience in a management into management. Simple as that.
Pros: You feel “fancy” with the perks of the office and product discounts

Cons: Too much attention to production statistics.
Advice: Human resources must be aware that they are loosing good working people. The employee is a very important key. Must give chances for the ones that are eager to do the job at its perfection .
Pros: Salary, good training , good and working people

Cons: Worst ever org culture
Entirely perception driven judgements
Pathetic regional leadership - zero understanding of ground realities and business
Regional leader is a forwarding manager
Perception based discrimination
Advice: HR intervention required to bring a check on the extreme level of hierarchical pressure and emotional harassment done to employees
Pros: Strong brand due to investment in marketing and advertisement

Cons: Zero work-life balance, horrible bosses, bashing culture, sink or swim environment nobody cares what you do as long as the "JOB IS DONE". Too many conflicting strategies make the work a zero-sum game.
Advice: Please reevaluate company culture, invest more in hiring and training management.
Pros: Free product samples, staff sales. Good Brand recognition can provide fair opportunities.

Cons: You will become overqualified very quickly, but your salary won't be improving much. Doesn't incentivise long career.
Advice: Try promoting key employees before they submit their resignation letters.
Pros: Best place to start your career. I have been working for L'Oreal for 4 years, and I am constantly learning and improving my skills with their internal training.

Cons: - Low pay, especially if you compare to other FMCGs
- No room to negotiate your pay, so many excuses
- High stress
- High expectation
Advice: Listen more to employees. Hire more people if you want to do more. If you expect people to work harder, pay more, it’s simple..
Pros: - Good benefits
- Free products
- Flexible hours

Cons: Low work life balance, catty atmosphere, demanding schedules, sometimes toxic communication styles
Advice: More balanced teams ranging across ethnicites, nationalities, ages. Also much more training for interns, most are thrown into the deep end without any orientation
Pros: Fantastic opportunities within the beauty industry, chances to move to other offices, and female dynamic environment

Cons: Not much vision for employees growth and next steps in career and succession planning
Advice: Build a stronger career plan for all employees. Identify better avenues to evaluate employees more frequently with regular and consistent feedback.
Pros: 1. Great name and brands
2. Good support and vision
3. Good pedigree and culture
4. Independence to work

Cons: - very toxic, fake environment; a strong career development plan involves a lot of sugar talking and getting along with the right people
- huge workload
Advice: None
Pros: - trainings and a lot of resources if you want to learn new stuff (and you have time for that)
- a lot of free products and other benefits (events)

Cons: - Very high expectations 
- No work life balance
Advice: - listen to employees when they sound out frustration and really make an action to change
Pros: - Working with some of the smartest minds 
- Steep learning curve, eventually pick up lots of skillsets
- People are generally nice

Cons: Few People at higher position are egoistic and don’t bother to follow company ethics policies and do wrongs things very frequently and go away with it very easily.
Advice: should have more open communication with employees and try to check on people at higher positions.
Pros: Company have very high values and is employee oriented.

Cons: Really difficult as there is very little opportunity for progression. Would like to stay in the company but little chance to progress further than junior management role
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks like product allocation, fun trainings (pre Covid), ample support from management, feeling taken care of during the Covid pandemic

Cons: fast paced environment, little time to follow up on projects; laid back culture (less structural in terms of procedures - but this can be also a good thing, especially for people with entrepreneurial mindset)
Advice: None
Pros: team spirit, amazing brands, access to knowledge, trainings, digitally driven approach, innovations, consumer research, agility

Cons: - Rules keeps on changing based on your current supervisor /manager. 
- Meeting companies
- Lots of travel
Advice: Reduce meeting and visit from zone, which will creates another new policies afterward. 
Trust local opinions.
Pros: - Fun colleagues &amp; environment
- Many opportunities / career path
- Lots of travel

Cons: Incredibly unethical, uncollaborative mindset, manipulative and political people. You will learn hard skills but definitely not soft skills
Advice: Simplicity program while you mostly have L’Oréal babies at top management that have been in the company for 25 years won’t change anything to your ways of working.

Ethical department is just here to protect the company and deal with HRs while manipulating employees and push them out of company in fine
Pros: Good for your cv if you have ambition for your career next step outside of the company

Cons: sometimes new moves and changes are not well announced or not transparent enough and it can be hard to access new positions without a real network
Advice: None
Pros: growing and evolution and a lot of internal trainings to help you gain skills for new positions

Cons: - May be a bit overwhelming as the working pace is very fast and projects keeps rolling out
Advice: None
Pros: - Provided with mentor at the beginning of your career to help you adjust to the culture
- Given actual projects to work on even as a fresh graduate

Cons: Fast job rotation, especially for junior positions; low salary compaired to competitors; hard to create job - work balance due to 7/24 demands coming from employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy access to new products... Change to meet with brilliant people... And also for new beginners, great place to have experience...

Cons: Some internal rules of getting promoted do not go in hand with the way you perform. But at the same time these rules are not same for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: great brands, a lot of carreer possibilities, opportunity to work abroad, progressive global firm, a lot of women in leading roles

Cons: Meeting time is always delayed. It had never ended within the agreed time. This was the biggest obstacle to my work.
Advice: Conversation between executives and staff members is not working well
Pros: This company has the value of being the best cosmetic company in the world as of now.

Cons: The sales target is very high .Need to achieve the sales target , but i think its normal when you’re working in the luxury retail.once you achieve it , you will get the big pay .
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment to work with, positive colleague and good pay as well.

Cons: Nepitism
Salary and progression based on not what you know but who you know
Advice: *More diverse employment to reflect your diverse customer base
*praise the small wins 
*more communication and not waste money on apps which are challenging to navigate
Pros: Good progression if they like you
Allocation

Cons: People in higher management refuse to innovate and change their ways for the benefit of the company. Staff were still using paper timesheets in stores when it is the age of technology.
Advice: Listen to employee feedback and try to improve.
Pros: Bonuses, balanced lifestyle, employee discounts

Cons: There are no career opportunities for employees hired through employment agencies even when working for long periods of time, no benefits received like the rest of the team.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing group that enables to work for many iconic brands, positive work environment, motivational mindsetting team leadership.

Cons: You might need to stand whole day at your booth and trying to introduce your products to as many people as you can.
Advice: Management is quite professional
Pros: Get to improve your communication skills and presentation skills while trying to explain the products to your customers.

Cons: - Gets very political depending on the team
- Managers who do not know how to manage people
- High turn-over depending on the team, which destroys work&amp;life balance of the remaining members
Advice: None
Pros: - Company's name value contributing to the resume
- Opportunities to participate various projects

Cons: Lots of political games happening in the company
Advice: I think its important to be close to management once you criticized the work ethics and management they will find a way to destroy your reputation. Management talk about open conversation
Pros: Lots of perks, good salary and good bonus.

Cons: Decision making power is varied, subjectivity is high depending on the role. It can get at times quite political, like any big corporation.
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurial, fast pace environment. You get a lot of responsibilities and visibility rapidly and can make a real difference no matter your level of experience.

Cons: Process and lack of support within other business functions. Extreme complexity, pushes work load to individuals, not good work life balance.
Advice: Listen, your processes are out dated and complex, simplify.
Pros: Benefits package, holidays, option to buy, company car scheme good, flexibility in working hours.

Cons: Volatile, no clear job description and role, ambiguous direction, frequent change of direction, still apply partial WFO during covid pandemic
Advice: None
Pros: Growing company, flexible work hours, generous training, good medical scheme, car facility for certain levels, provided working tools, life insurance provided

Cons: The managers can be a bit disconnected from the work necessitations for the intern at times.
Advice: None
Pros: For an intern, it is a highly challenging work environment, where you will have the opportunity to meet many people from different backgrounds and expertises.

Cons: No balance, no matter how much you give, it's never enough.
Lots of moves, that jeopardize sustainability of best practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a lot of opportunities and a lot of side benefits.
Generally have room to apply your own initiatives.

Cons: Fast-paced, highly responsive, changes are inevitable, may not be for everyone for long term. Great place to explore and hone talents. Diversity can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, fantastic products, brands, awesome company events

Cons: Shift pattern in retail can make it hard for work life balance but that is the same with any retail job!
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive managers, great benefits, lots of training to keep you up to date, opportunities for development.

Cons: Some of the most inhumane managers I've ever come across. Demanding, poor communication, expects something given at 9pm to be done by 9am the next morning.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, camaraderie amongst brand, fast paced and learn a lot

Cons: Poor processes
Heavy workload
Little to no training 
Promotions based on schoomzing not merit or skill
Advice: Do better, listen to your people, stop gaslighting, pay better. Just be better.
Pros: Discounts on products, sometimes free products

Cons: Not good to build up your skills.
No system in the team and organization that many made by uncertainty.
Advice: Embrace cultural ethics and mindset for work and life rather than sticking to its own conventional style of life.
Pros: Good to experience French culture.

Cons: Business units can sometimes be seperated working on misaligned projects
Advice: Continue driving diversity and inclusion 
Try to ensure easier mobility into different business units
Pros: Takes D&amp;I seriously heavily diverse workforce
Excellent benefits
Start-up culture in a large company which is rare

Cons: It is a very fast paced business, and may not be the business for everyone if you are super process oriented.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and dynamic business. The business is supportive of internal movement and looks to develop people across the divisions.

Cons: It took me a while to adjust to the competitive environment.
Advice: None
Pros: I have learned a lot after almost a year at Loreal. From improving my organizational skills, learning how to manage my time better to learning how to work with different programs.

Cons: Same mistakes over the time with no correction or intention off.
Advice: Suggest changing the management team as they are not involved in the team, just the sales.
Pros: The umbrella and safe net of being on a well know company.

Cons: Not a process oriented company, Confrontational and no continuous feedback culture, Poor management with lack of meritocracy
Advice: Guide and nurture your teams, adapt to local culture and make processes more efficient
Pros: Financially robust, Talented Team, International Exposure

Cons: None! If you get an opportunity here go for it!
Advice: None
Pros: One of the most recognizable brands in the world, Supportive and motivational, most caring culture, appreciative and recognition is given on contribution, lateral movement and reskilling is encouraged

Cons: I cannot see any down side of working in Loreal. I was really enjoy the time there.
Advice: None
Pros: I was happy be a family member of Loreal China, working with very creative and energetic team members and supportive team leader.

Cons: Can be stressful, lots of meetings and presentations.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and benefits are good, mgmt reviewed often to stay competitive.

Despite pandemic, bonuses and profit sharing is paid out and no salary cut.

A company which emphasises on diversity, inclusion n ethics.

Cons: No teamwork, Work-life balance doesn't exist especially for those that are in the field. The company is highly understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: International recognition of the brand is great for your resume, and you get to work with several brands

Cons: Constantly demanding, though as expected from a big corporation.
Advice: None
Pros: A good support system, if they see potential in you (mainly for students) they will try to help you reach your future goals.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Work life balance, great benefits, no micro managing, supportive and friendly coworkers, lots of supporting systems....

Cons: No work life balance, bad leadership, unfair treat, dramas
Advice: None
Pros: Complimentary, fancy trip, digital exposure, flexibility, skin care knowledge, easy to get promoted compared to other companies

Cons: I can’t think of anything negative.
Advice: None
Pros: I found this company to be excellent ,fair ,employers. I worked for Yves Saint Laurent for 14 yrs until recently being made redundant due to the closure of John Lewis Birmingham

Cons: • Long hours standing but the hard work makes up for it
Advice: None
Pros: • Lovely team!
• Great incentives
• So generous, especially involving COVID-19
• Commission is great!
• Area manager always makes the time
• Proud to work for my company

Cons: Yearly salary increases are quite low unless you change roles
Advice: None
Pros: Not a competitive environment, very team players culture, committed to improve mental health and learning to become better people

Cons: because it's a beauty industry, strategy can change very fast. Confrontation is part of the culture
Advice: None
Pros: Very entrepreneurial which help me understand more about business, suitable for people who like to learn something new every day.

Cons: No work life balance 
Lots of reports to do.
Advice: Hire more assistants to do admin work
Pros: Good challenge for those who like a fast paced environment . Good place to learn where you do everything. Good benefits.

Cons: salary,
too much multitasking
pressure which does not match KPA
Advice: take care of your people Especially who are performing and the most important try to normalise your salary structure.
Pros: culture ,

allowance
travel
company policy
sometimes manager

team building activities

Cons: data and financially result driven but human capital &amp; soft skills not enough valued during yearly interviews (even if the external and internal communication says otherwise).
Advice: None
Pros: great dynamic company, proactive: anticipates business changes very well.

Cons: Exceptional performance not always rewarded - everyone promoted at a similar pace
Advice: None
Pros: Good focus on wellbeing e.g. summer hours, enforced lunch breaks, constant free online meditation / yoga / fitness classes

Cons: I had zero cons for the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great staff discount, free uniform. Management are supportive, full training and constantly being trained and kept up to date with new launches with training. Also on counter incentives.

Cons: Some out of scope work depending on the function, but this something that also makes you grow and explore other areas so not that really negative.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, Team Spirit, Fast Paced, International Cultural context

Cons: Not the place to stay a long time, or you stop getting what you deserve for the long hours and effort you put in
Advice: None
Pros: Well viewed, good learning experience

Cons: Work life balance, short staffed, international processes which cannot be modified.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company benefits: health insurance, life insurance, free gym, staff discount, flexible working, great colleagues, supportive management.

Cons: Immature culture. Not very diverse . Not adapted to the Indian Market
Advice: Focus on business goals.   Adapt more to the Indian consumer.
Pros: Good brands. Talented team. International exposure. No 1 beauty company

Cons: - casual
- pay too low
-not enough hours 
- not stable 
- no employee discount
Advice: increase pay for more experienced spritzers
Pros: -incentive 
-flexibility
-fun 
-learn new things 
-meet new people 
-no two day is the same

Cons: Beurocratic in nature
Internal Politics is difficult to overcome
People have made their comfort zones and not receptive to ideas
Advice: None\
Pros: System Oriented organization with focus on processes
Ample opportunity to grow in system
Innovative

Cons: -commission fluctuates depending on whether store target is met 
-store target usually too high and can't be met hence lower commission rates
Advice: None
Pros: -received commission for each sale made
-in-depth training provided

Cons: Complexity in working, networking and hierarchy
Advice: Top management should be clear in their vision and roadmap. Should also avoid frequent organizational changes
Pros: Its a very big organization and safety is given the highest priority

Cons: - Political
- L'Oreal babies would have better career path
- Competitive
Advice: To build an ethical company, you must start from the top down!
Pros: - Multinational
- Meet new people from different brands
- Develop presentation skills

Cons: Not a healthy culture, employees well being is not a priority.  It is surprising how a multinational coorporation can lack so much structure and basic processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Acess to good products and international working enivornment.

Cons: None! You get back what you put in!
Advice: None
Pros: Everyday is different and exciting! You feel engaged and challenged amongst like minded hardworking peers but it is also fun and rewarding lifestyle

Cons: sometimes high peek hours, no mentor, no career opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary for beginners, good work life balance, nice culture

Cons: Politics 
Hr are not to be trusted 
Too much stress and work
Advice: More aligned 
 Less territorial 
 Less boiling of the ocean
Pros: Great package
Constantly learning  
 Some teams are very strong

Cons: too much internal bureaucracy and little flexibility
Advice: They are a sort of statist employee without ideas or competences
Pros: good economic condition and great international environment

Cons: Confrontational almost all the time
Limited growth
Pay could be better
Somewhat isolated if not francophone
Advice: Improve diversity
Pros: Autonomy
Biggest company in the beauty industry

Cons: Lot of political moves 
Can be hard to get promoted if you are not networking with the right persons
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of learnings
Self Performance based bonus
High pace environment

Cons: Sometimes they could be very long days.
Advice: I truly enjoyed working for this company and totally miss it.
Pros: I enjoyed every minute of working for Loreal and a great management and support

Cons: Lack of structure hence alot of disorganization which leads to cinfusion
Advice: None
Pros: The East African division operates in a startup kind of culture therefore alot of room for learning since there's nothing set in stone

Cons: n/a no company is perfect, no its for everyone
Advice: Keep being open and transparent.
Pros: Very flexible
Open minded
Accepssible Leadership
Amazing Managers and HR 
Dynamic, thriving business,

Cons: Challenging environment requiring high working hours and people management skills.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of good employee benefits such as Profit Sharing, CSE and in-office hairdresser, spa and banking service.

Cons: No promotion opportunities, playing it too safe for all brands, high stress amount.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is ok, dynamic environment, open to trial &amp; error.

Cons: too centralized, HO power force, no scope to take initiatives, new ideas are not just brushed under carpet
Advice: decentralize your power to managers down the line
Pros: humane, supportive during crisis, benefits and perks

Cons: Nothing comes to mind immediately. Maybe too many internal languages for a new comer?
Advice: None
Pros: People first, simplicity minded. Efficiency and barriers at work is always reviewed. I feel strong empowerment.

Cons: Long hours, catty rivalry and emotional disputes, gender balance is off- not many men except upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Best of practice in product marketing, company name value, decent salary

Cons: - not open to remote work
- overworked 
- too much INTERNAL meeting preparation
Advice: Offer remote work
Pros: Way behind in digital best practices and no room to grow.

Cons: Work can be quite intense during peak season, but all good in summer.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance policy, work from home 1-2 days / week. Friendly relationship among colleagues.

Cons: 1. slow in transformation 
2. organized chaos lack of processes
3. Nepotism
4. Lack of trainings and learning opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: 1. International team and brands
2. High salaries 
3. Employee retention
4. Enterprenuerial culture

Cons: Have to be multitasking. Bottle neck in terms of getting Promotions..hard to achieve
Advice: None
Pros: Good renumeration
Good Perks
Work Environment is good
Management think abt employees

Cons: Less structured somehow because all structure is ‘flexible’ and requires the colleague to be very agile.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours and movement if given the opportunity.

Cons: The timetable is fixed on a monthly basis so it is difficult to accommodate sudden changes in schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and caring full-time staff

Cons: Worklife balance for some functions (e.g. Marketing, Finance), complexity in processes
Advice: None
Pros: Fair salaries, nice comp &amp; benefits, ethical place to work, recognition. learning organization

Cons: - Low Pay
- Work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - Learning never stops
- Invest a lot in people to make them stronger and better knowledgeable of what they do
- Great team work

Cons: Bad company’s culture, French oriented
Advice: None
Pros: Can get to experience global brands & working with Multi division.

Cons: Senior management can be chaotic, very little alignment between GMs
Advice: None
Pros: Very fast paced, never a dull day. You learn a huge amount of skills very quickly

Cons: 1. Salary is not competitive
2. Depends on the division and project you work in 
3. Difficult to switch domain/role
4. Learning Trajectory is quite slow in PPD.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Work Culture is good

Cons: Overworking culture and its hard to overcome the barrier when you start working in-store and want to be promoted for an office position
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits like health insurance

Cons: Not a very organised company and tries to work on too many projects at the same time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay with good benefits that covers your family.

Cons: I don't think there are any cons as far as you are doing your work.
Advice: None
Pros: One get the credibility of being associated with a Global Market Leader

Cons: Toxic culture (can be for some people)
Advice: Take care of your staff better. Promote good culture
Pros: 1. Great Benefits, Good Career progression, You learn a lot. Everyday is a new day

Cons: Welfare and salary is not the best compared to other foreign companies in Korea.
Advice: None
Pros: Rotation programme allows you to experience different brands &amp; functions within the company

Cons: Takes time to grow in company , hard to access new opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Gives many building blocks for growth and development , will help you grow personally and professionally

Cons: Constantly changing system &amp; company direction 
High stress level 
No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Offer nice benefit package
- 17 days AL
- Medical insurance 
- Free goods

Cons: now the zone offices move to SH and SG
Advice: None
Pros: Nice experience at APAC zone but now the zone offices move to SH and SG

Cons: Need to be able to deal with lots of agility
Advice: Keep the great work
Pros: Great people, lots of passion and possibility to make an impact

Cons: Very high paced environment, requires being on top of the work all the time.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities are plenty and very useful for long term career building.

Cons: It’s hard to move geographically compared to other multinationals. It takes more time.
Advice: None
Pros: At l’Oreal you are cared for, and you get great benefits.

Cons: - May be required to work late often.
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of opportunities to gain responsibility.
- Very fast-paced and dynamic company.
- Fantastic networking opportunities.

Cons: Split culture (France and US)
Advice: Empower teams to do good work, don't micromanage to look good in front of your boss.
Pros: Fast moving, dynamic, leading edge

Cons: If you aren’t earning additional incentives, then your incentive earning might take a hit
Advice: Kindly revise your variable part
Pros: You can earn handsomely if you hit your targets

Cons: There is a huge gap in employees’ ability and performance level that sometimes very frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: Products are great that easy to develop great relations with journalists and editors.

Cons: extremely fast paced. only the resilient, agile and positive ones can sustain.
Advice: None
Pros: very enriching career, accelerated growth. A company which protects and care for their employees

Cons: Bad IT system. Many things needs to be updated in the system.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Policies and They take care of employees like anything

Cons: If they mess up your commissions paperwork you only will get it by next month
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work, fair salary good commissions great for freebies

Cons: Teams are very stretched, could do with more junior members of staff that aren’t interns or contractors
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, supportive team environment.

Cons: Crazy hours. Be ready to work HARD!
Advice: None
Pros: Great discounts on all LOREAL products. Closed du ring the holiday, plus min 3 week vacay.

Cons: Politics, compensation,............... doesn’t pay fair market rate salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, autonomy - here you get the opportunity to grow

Cons: Lines of work life balance are often blurred 
A lot of internal politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning, culture, mentorship and opportunities for growth

Cons: - Can be too process oriented so getting approvals on big projects can take longer.
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent Benefits
- Great Team environment
- Fun job

Cons: Very small hikes, Bad HR control
Advice: The management is driving way too many things at the same time
Pros: Good company policies,Allowances, learning opportunity

Cons: Underpaid compared to the market and lower titles compared to years of experience.
Advice: None
Pros: A nice environment, good start for a marketing career and very interesting brands

Cons: no proper handover when changing positions within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits like the best health insurance, life and disability insurance;
Company products on a discount;
Flexible working hours

Cons: Fast Pace and a bit demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Number one beauty company in the world, great benefit, and opportunities for career development

Cons: Long Hours, work/ life imbalance
Advice: Keep going, the success speaks volume
Pros: Exposure, visibility, constant learning, results are rewarded

Cons: Lack of harmony and cooperation
Advice: To reach the goal we have to work hard with a strong will
Pros: The advancement in everything we do

Cons: RM5 per hour is way too low.
Advice: None
Pros: one of the best part time jobs that pay commission .

Cons: - Toxic and backstabbing culture within HR, especially the HR management team. Lots of lies.
Advice: None
Pros: - Working with people who are passionate about beauty
- Free products

Cons: Open office, quite political sometimes.
Not much men
Advice: No open office please
Pros: Good benefits, flexible working
culture e.g Two days work from home per week
&amp; flexible working hours

Cons: Often High stress &amp; long hours, lots of internal meetings,
Advice: None
Pros: Staff shop, female managers, quick progression, great brands &amp; lots of autonomy at lower levels

Cons: High workload requires good anti-stress ability and high requirement of being organized.
Advice: None
Pros: High Involvement in global projects.
High level of responsibility on all topics.

Cons: Salaries are not high compared to competitors, they depend on monthly commission which is quite stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: Multinational firm with different and great products lines

Cons: Salary
Lack of opportunity to growth
Advice: It's only for Japan L'Oréal, create more opportunities to growth
Pros: Physical employee shop
CV impact (international company)

Cons: not very organised internally, might seem a bit mess at times
Advice: None
Pros: nice pay compared to other consumer goods company
quite flexible in terms of position

Cons: Old fashioned process. Internal politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Big Budgets, Autonomy, Great brands, Grad programme, Education of pro community

Cons: - Not much opportunities for growth
- Stressful work environment
- Bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: - Grow your supply chain Skills
- Grow your SAP skills
- Grow your multitasking skills

Cons: Support from finance team can be better
Advice: No advise as such
Pros: People centric company, lot of emphasis given to the employees

Cons: Very French though. They say they are global but they are very french
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for - good talent management

Cons: - lack of control
- top down management
- low salary + other benefits
Advice: None
Pros: - high passion for beauty
- move fast, really serious once it's into work
- high ambition

Cons: Not for small retailer rural Market is untouched
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company ,bujet friendly product s, easy to use ,Good Market image

Cons: No issues in the company
No problem with culture
No problem in anything
Advice: None
Pros: They treat like family
Company has a very nice working culture

Cons: Complex culture, fast moving yet not well equipped with the right resources at the right place
Advice: None
Pros: Many career opportunities if deemed as good performer

Cons: You got fired when the business goes low.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked in the Hong Kong office for a year. The company culture was quite nice.

Cons: No commission on the sales you make, part boots so do not get all loreal benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Commission when hit sales target, conferences, allocation

Cons: long working hours and plan changed very often
Advice: None
Pros: have plenty of opportunities to learn and try

Cons: hard to navigate the company as very large and sometimes is political
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary
Colleagues
Reviews each year
Professional
Happy times spent

Cons: Not big salary in LOREAL and hard to be promoted. No work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and professional colleagues! Amazing parties with celebrities)
