Cons: L'Oreal suffers from an old fashioned management style (top down).  There is a general sense of management by fear, especially among the French hierarchy.  And, there are several very important "functions" that dominate: labs and marketing being the two main ones. Sales, HR and Education are typically under-regarded -- although that depends on the country to some degree.

If you are not French, there are reduced opportunities.  There is a poor level of diversity in top management in general.  

The company is underequipped in Information Technologies -- and it is lagging heavily in the internet activities.  It has barely achieved a web 1.0 mentality.
Advice: Learn to listen (to employees and customers), let go (of the control).  Learn how to say "no" in order to bring in real change in the way we do business.
Pros: Great R&D.  If you are in marketing, greater opportunities generally.  With such a large pool of people, you are always bound to find some great people.  Certainly for the fortunate, there can be quick promotions and expatriation.  The cosmetics industry is generally recession resistant -- so there's a net on the downside.  The company has shown great growth over the past 20 years and with the need for growth, one can expect further acquisitions which will lead to even more opportunities.  L'Oreal is a recognized leader -- and is typically a great school for marketing and sales... There are five divisions and a very handsome portfolio of brands to work in which can provide a good deal of diversity in the jobs.  The benefits (at least in France) are very good.

Cons: Loreal USA is a very large company.  Working in a remote area it is sometimes hard to identify the correct channel for questions and concerns.  I would love an opportunity to spend time at headquarters to truly understand the entire processes of the company.
Advice: I think Senior Management needs to trust their employees until given a reason not to.  I realize some positions are hard to determine accurate work load.  I sometimes feel I am given busy work to fill hours during slow seasons and working many hours during the busy season to get the job accomplished.  I would love the numbers to dictate the work load.
Pros: Loreal USA is very generous with the full compensation package.  Althought the average salary may be average in comparison to similar jobs in the same industry, the complementary benefits package is outstanding.  Loreal USA is very flexible and truly cares about a balanced life between professional and personal goals and values.  Loreal USA conducts regular anonymous surveys to ensure they are treating employees fairly.

Cons: Always dealing with change, product launches move, new ones added, budgets cuts, etc. Sometimes hours can be long but generally there is a good work/life balance. Some "corporate" mandates don't make sense for all brands.
Advice: Continue to bring products to market in innovative and creative ways. Don't ignore "old" products and only focus on new launches. Do not make corporate decisions that effect all brands without some level of flexibility, particularly when it comes to technology and vendors.
Pros: Very employee focused, promote from within and provide great training. Some brands allow for great innovation in product development as well as marketing. The communication between senior management and general staff is strong and reassuring. The exposure to trends and the ability to leverage them is encouraged. Each employee is offered specific training in whatever area they are working. The bi-annual review process encourages development.

Cons: L'Oreal's work/life balance is very large issue within the company.  It seems as though very few people last more than three years before they've ever had enough or move on to another better paying opportunity.  While the pay is extremely competitive in general, when in context of NYC--it does not go very far.
Advice: Develop practices to keep talent instead of burning them out
Pros: L'Oreal is a respected company in the industry.  Peers in beauty and brand management understand that the company is a fast-paced, high intensity, results oriented atmosphere.  In terms of one's future in a related industry, L'Oreal U.S.A. will be a beneficial experience.

Cons: Senior management does not recognize subordinates work
No balance between work and personal life-managers do not support much if you have to work from home or leave early. Feels like an hourly employee. If you come at 7am, got to leave at 4pm or later not even 15mts early
No opportunities to grow until you move to New Jersey or New York City-not much growth
Advice: Respect and help subordinates who deserve to grow
Pros: Reputed organization with they owning brands Armani, Lancome, Ralph Lauren also they give every other month $65 so we could purchase L'Oreal Products from the company store!
Good benefits-They have very good selection of 401K
Good pay scale-They pay above average

Cons: bad managers who do not care about your career development, poor leadership, very poor work/life balance, high drama (devil wears prada attitudes), crazy personalities, poor marketing training, sink or swim mentality, does not coach/mentor people, lack of respect toward personal life, high burn out rates
Advice: You must learn to retain talent - by coaching ans developing people's careers, by getting rid of bad managers who do not respect their teams, by showing that you care about the people, by letting people make decisions and be the true brand champions - or else you will continue to bleed talents like you are now
Pros: #1 beauty company in the world, great resume builder, great location, diverse workforce, fashionable people, high energy, free products

Cons: Work/life balance and politics are the biggest issues.
Advice: Consider long-term implications of short term strategies.
Pros: Work is challenging and interesting. People are overall pretty intelligent and hard working. There are lots of opportunities for movement within the company.

Cons: hours, prima donna behavoir  that is allowed in the marketing dept.
Advice: none at this , the company has been very succesful for over 35 years
Pros: wide experience in the companies different business

Cons: work life balance, transparency are lacking
Advice: pay attention to equity
Pros: IN society, proudness to say that you work for L'Oreal

Cons: Workload is heavy, and working over the weekend is quite common. 
Rapid career advancement becomes a double edged sword, as once mid level management role is reached, the organisation generally lacks role models for senior management role models to learn after. 
Processes are manual and time consuming, alot of time is wasted on paperwork
Limited structure in place, a newcomer need to make alot of effort to learn the ropes
As everyone is much occupied, on the job mentoring by senior colleagues are uncommon
Expatriation is uncommon, and even if there is, opportunities are usually given to Marketing personnel first
Advice: Seriously consider how to keep your talents that worked in the company for more than 3 years.
Pros: Possible rapid career advancement, very good for young executives who want to climb the coporate ladder fast. 
Adequate training given to individual, about 72 hours per year on average? And the quality of training is usually satisfactory
Fair company benefits, especially transport allowance for sales staff, and medical claim coverage
The organisation treasures instinct & creativity. Autonomy at your job is usually a given
Company gives real responsibilites to new comers quickly, all staff will "get into the action" within 1st month on the job
Communication from top down is usually transparent 
As the environment is tough, bonding between colleagues are usually good and last for a long time

Cons: Very fast paced around product launches. Office politics a must to work your way around issues. Guidance is vague many times, must be able to 'figure it out'. A tough culture for newbies, takes a while getting used to, getting the means to do your job, knowing who does what. Standards of execution are not set straight to entire teams, it's a company that allows each employee to fill objectives in the way they see fit - this has it's pros and cons. High employee rotation. Recognition is achieved by not only doing excellent work, but also by being able to show it off in the right way.
Advice: Clearer guidance and more proximity to all levels of the organization. Stronger compensation.
Pros: L'Oreal is the big entrance to the cosmetics industry. Gives knowledge and insight, allows you to work as the market leader with the retailers. Informal and fun corporate culture. Provides opportunity of responsabilty and execution to anyone - there is much to be done and job descriptions are vague. Extending one's influence is up to you. A great start to a career, after a few years at L'Oreal you are an asset to many companies. A passionate industry to work in, innovative. Allows exposure to top management and to influencing directly the results of a product launch very soon in one's career.

Cons: Long hours for full time employees, especially in Marketing.  I see people working very late into the evening, even weekends, with no overtime whatsoever.  Lots of people get stressed out when International people come for visits.  The cafeteria charged high prices for some of the food items.  Lots of gossiping inter-departmental which I did not like much.  Promotions did not always seem to be based on performance as office politics do play a part in the whole ordeal.  Lots of turnovers in the company as those who have worked 2 or 3 years can now get better jobs with higher pay.
Advice: Rid of office politics and offer more productive feedback.
Pros: Discounts on products; inside coffee house; plasma TV to watch games during World Cup, clean/fashionable work environment, great open space.... LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!! Right in the middle of StCatherine and University, it is probably the best location in my humble opinion for a company to have.  On top of the Eaton Center, and within walking distance of all amenities, I could not ask for more.  During the summer, it is very nice as you can get out of the office and go for a nice leisurely stroll downtown and still be back for work in the afternoon.  Very nice view from the office as well.

Cons: messy internal operation , no clear roadmap and direction can make you feel unsure and confuse, weak sales network & over-depend on marketing to deliver results , lack clear & long term vision & big pisture perspective , do not synergize & pool resources efficiently between division / brands / channel , do not emphasis effiency at organization & personal level ,  poor fanancial reporting accuracy , weak supply chain management , poor internal communication , promotions criterias questionable , demoralized work force , do not bring 'play hard' culture to actual working , people lack solid industry experience , too much app;e-polishing culture , has some weird & rigid processes
Advice: be more agressive, serious and fast in addressing weakness
Pros: strong international brands that are widely recognixed , exposure to european company to motivate you to learn about new culture & language , staff purhase , ocassional freebies treat , good health benefit , recognize need for change , open culture ,  high standards in brand communication , strong technology & R&D behind products , representation in many business sectors within cosmetic & beauty hence a true expert , young & energitic hence you could say less politic depends on how you see it , opportunity to develop career in different divisions which could mean a richer work experience ,  fast promotion

Cons: Very partioned work flow, I find I need to deal with numerous departments and people to accomplish one simple goal. I would prefer information a bit more linear and accessible without going thru so many channels.
Advice: Consolidate information databases, make a one stop for broader range of information.
Pros: Management is very flexible and respective of personal committments. I find that the work experience is satisfactory and a certain level balance is present. No one carries more of a load than others. I do enjoy numerous perks such as affiliations with other companies like Apple, NYSC, Verizon and so forth. The perks extend to the products themselves, I find that I am able to stock up on great products for the entire family without spending a dime most instances. From a Finacial persepective, I am looking forward to the consolidation of Accounting and Finance in the new building next year. This should encourage more interaction between these two important job functions.

Cons: Dictatorship-like management; use-and-abuse employee relationship, including underpayment for hours and effort; the lack of international scope in local offices; promises of nurturing individual talent were silenced and virtually buried once role begins; micro-management by senior management of even the smallest matters; disrespectful attitude of senior management towards subordinates.
Advice: Objectively gauge middle and lower-management's sentiment towards senior management at local offices, respect and develop the idiosyncratic skills of each employee rather than make them fit into the mold of the role.
Pros: Gain understanding of a successful FMCG, large French company with a good reputation worldwide.

Cons: Argumentative atmosphere
"told you so" and finger pointing culture
Volume of work compared to what is necessary
Poor work-flow management by managers
Advice: Create a better atmosphere by reducing the finger pointing culture
Pros: Internal promotionals
Career advancement
Good name for the cv
