Cons: NO Work/Life Balance
Extremely Demanding
Long Hours, Weekends
Lack of support from co-workers; no one has the time or patience to assist when needed
Absolutely no training
"Sink or Swim"
Too much work, and not enough employees to accomplish objectives
Unorganized
No set processes - "just wing it" attitude
Lack of respect from Upper Management
The "little people" tend to be forgotten
Needy, selfish and pretentious
Catty & Immature - Gossip, drama
Advice: There is an extreme lack in direction and integration for new employees.  Rather than learning piece by piece, you are submerged in unfamiliar material and expected to do wonderful.  I did not feel that I received the support I needed to be successful there, nor was I able to maintain my personal life.  A company as large and successful as this should have the manpower and processes to allow its employees to succeed with confidence.  Instead, it is a daily struggle to stay afloat and the end result is not worth the workload it took to get there.

You should "work to live," not "live to work."  At L'Oreal, you live to work.

I wan'ted to work for L'Oreal more than anything, but I was truly disappointed.
Pros: Reputable Company Name
Learning Experience (Positive and Negative)
Employee Perks - Company Store, Discounts
Energetic Events
Opened my eyes about the beauty industry
Global Experience
Helped me decide where I DON'T want to be

Cons: Every company has its cons but I think L'Oreal's are minimal.  There are examples of people being overworked but I think it is due to lack of project management with their manager.  The company is very marketing focused which can hurt other departments. Very high turnover in marketing.
Advice: Good job with the initiation of the Beauty Shaker awards. It has been a great opportunity to expose our accomplishments to other departments as well a senior management.
Pros: L'Oreal USA has an energetic atmosphere working with outstanding products.  Everyday presents new challenges that keep us on our toes and the work days fly by.  We get great satisfaction when we provide solutions to users that make their jobs easier.  The company benefits are better than any other company I know of.  401k, pension, product discounts, summer half day fridays, quarterly mixers, training classes are encouraged, gym memberships, free on site flu shots and so much more!

Cons: R & I has a tendency to reward mediocrity and does not provide enough challenge to junior levels.  In addition there is a strong culture of negative competition, in the spirit of "if I make you look bad, I'll get promoted".  New management in the past couple of years is changing the culture but it is slow.
Advice: Reward excellence and provide more challenge, coaching and mentoring to junior levels.  Create and engaged workforce.  I believe Frederic Roze has excellent ideas that are not being implemented or supported within some areas of R&I.
Pros: L'Oreal offers some exciting research opportunities and a fast paced environment.  There are great career development courses offered to all levels.  Some managers are truly excellent and you will learn a lot from working within this company.

Cons: No job security as a temp. When your contract is over and is not extended, they show you the door. Substantially lower pay than regular employees with the same job function. And it's hourly, so if you're sick or the company has a day off you get zip. Often assigned grunt work that the regular employees don't want or don't have time to do. No paid holidays, no retirement contributions, minimal health benefits. Not really "part of the team"; you just come in in the morning and they hand you something to do. Seems to be a general feeling of temps being in a lower class than regular employees. It's little things like not getting the free flu shots, no discount at the company store, and even the lab coats for the temps have a patch with the name of the staffing company instead of the L'Oreal logo.
Advice: If you're going to have temporary labor, at least try to make them feel like they're contributing to the mission.
Pros: Great name to have on resume. Get to learn a lot. Employees generally very nice.

Cons: -Hourly employees are just there for their shift then leave with no regard for whether the job is done, whereas salaried employees stay insane hours and never seem to leave - no work/life balance whatsoever
-I felt guilty simply putting in 45 hour weeks because I felt like I was not putting in enough time
-Bags were checked at the door for stolen products (showed lack of trust), and samples could only be obtained at the company store
Advice: -Feedback was very positive throughout the internship, only to have a rather negative final review hit me by surprise
-Management was too busy to help out when I needed any help or pointers
Pros: -Great product discounts (in company store)
-Clean manufacturing environment
-Very competitive salary for an intern
-Employees were generally very happy with their jobs, so the atmosphere was great overall

Cons: - Environment was very competitive and employees were not friendly at all.  It was a cutthroat workplace.
- Management was horrible.  Salaried employees stayed until late.  There was a never-ending list of things to do and stuff to finish.  Also it seemed like no one ever got promoted.
- Intern work consisted of sending products / organizing the product closet / keeping inventory / etc.  I had to ask for more work because it was so monotonous.
Advice: Treat people better.
Pros: - Name
- Perks (free things to very discounted items at the company store)
- Worked on big accounts
- Worked with vendors one on one

Cons: Atmosphere built on disrespect
Promotions are given more on who you know than what you've accomplished (i.e., results)
Sr. Mgmt doesn't care about it's employees
Zero work/life balance (no place to work if you're married)
Be prepared to work, at minimum, until 9 PM most nights and past 11 PM a couple nights a week if not longer (a few all nighters will happen.....yup, just like you were in college)
Advice: Better planning and focus can help eliminate, or at least reduce, the number of hours spent at work.  Treat others as you would like to be treated.
Pros: Learn marketing from the best
Thinly layered so you will get exposure to Sr. Mgmt often
Great company name for the resume
Discounts at the company store are pretty good

Cons: -Regularly worked past 9pm or more
-Meetings for meetings for meetings....
-Described as 'organized chaos' by upper management
-unclear direction, little support 
-minimal training
-Bare minimum of employees- consultants/interns are blindly performing most of the work
Advice: A complete reevaluation of how to carry out projects and improve employee morale. For a company with as much presence as L'Oreal, it is remarkably disorganized and alot of buzywork is done without an understanding of their brand image and consumer view in the market. Employee work/life balance was non-existant. It is generally understood in the industry that L'Oreal is a difficult place to work, and most max out at 2-4 yrs before moving on to another company
Pros: -Good opportunity to work in the beauty industry
-Global market exposure
-Interns are included on all aspects of the department

Cons: Nepotism
Secrecy
Lack of information sharing
Cut throat competition
fear of upper management
Micromanagement / pettiness
lack of life/work balance
still operating with the 1950s mentality
huge disparity in compensation
dead end careers for most Americans
absence of team mentality
lack of training
Advice: what advice? unless there's all new management, nothing will change. The culture must stem from the L'Oreal France culture which considers L'Oreal USA an American sweat shop. Any initiative is done for PR purposes and not for the good of the employees or communities,  and the management clings to their positions only out of monetary compensation.
The whole corporate atmosphere is built around fear of humiliation. People are treated as juvenile delinquents and trust is a foreign concept. Most cherished are titles and not humanity.
Pros: Good benefits
Good peers
Some educational opportunities
Decent pay

Cons: I probably would not want to work there past interning. There is little work/life balance and it seems like it takes years to advance within the company.
Advice: 
Pros: L'Oreal is a great place to intern because you really get a taste of the industry as opposed to being a coffee runner. Having L'Oreal on my  resume has impressed other companies I have interviewed with. If you are willing to put in long hours and hard work you will get a lot out of an internship here.

Cons: Constantly changing and inconsistent policies. Its a blame culture. More important to blame someone then fix the problem. Stressful and not supportive or nurturing. Older experience people have been forced out and replaced with 20 somethings.
Advice: Not worthwhile advising, management doesn't want to hear it. Direction comes from Paris.
Pros: The L'Oreal name is well known. Work for the largest cosmetic company in the world

Cons: work load is intense, lots of ppl work at night from home, on weekends, etc.  
many job moves are for ppl in the "explorer" program..this is a pro for them and a con for ppl not in or from the group.
Advice: write out more procedures, balance work load
keep motivating employees to support their own ideas and implement them.  
offer more move options to non-explorers
Pros: very capable and intelligent team members
can learn a lot from ppl working there and culture of the company
forward looking environment.

Cons: Loreal USA has a great turn over Staff. 
They do not provide a great retirement package to their staff only 401K and is only been recently for 5 years.
Advice: 
Pros: Loreal USA is a luxury products company. They will train the qualified candidates in all aspects of their duty. You get  free limited products twice a year and company store discounts of 50% off retail price products.
Great Health Care coverage.

Cons: - Low pay in comparison to other companies
- Management poorly communicate with staff
- Corporate culture is toxic, with a lot of negativity
Advice: - Work on making your employees feel valuable
- Improve corporate culture
- Have surveys to gauge employee's insight periodically
Pros: - Great benefits
- Excellent training programs
- Looks great on a resume
- Ability to build your network with different brands

Cons: Work life balance is crazy little downtime for yourself
Too many products that can be confusing to sell to end user
Advice: Listen to what you AE's need to balance their work week. Less admin and time out of the field dealing with forecasting, on SFDC
Pros: Scientifically based skincare products
Perks such as a 401k, 3 weeks vacation time, vested after 5 years
Highly skilled and intelligent sales team

Cons: The plant itself runs very slow and the operating system can be a drag.  As a intern, the work place can be a bit boring.
Advice: Leadership at L'Oreal USA was tremendous. All the managers and other engineers were very helpful and beneficial to others. Thanks to you all.
Pros: Relationship with workers and engineers is very satisfying. Learned a lot from mangers and other workers who mostly do the hands-on activities.

Cons: Packaging management does not have engineering experience this makes decisions a long drawn out process. They were promoted for political reasons
Advice: Far too many French expats. There should be a time limit two years maximum. The french management looks down on American employees
Pros: Loreal has great systems a young engineer will learn much. Loreal cannot retain good engineers, they leave for better opportunities

Cons: Some times can be a bit corporate. A bit bueracratic with dead end channels of communication but overall a good employer
Advice: Listen to employees, let them do their job, encourage growth and ingenuity and open door processes&gt; Look inside for under utlilized talent.
Pros: A great open mined place to work. Great industry and work place. Would love to spend my entire career with Loreal

Cons: Hard to get in full time even after internship unless you know the right people. They are also slow on their delivery of information unless it influences them.
Advice: Play a more active role in developing interns into possible full time employees.
Pros: This experience taught me a lot and the workload was real compared to other internships where there is little effect on real business decisions.

Cons: Managment is very bias. Does not provide hands on training.
Everyone is snobby and overpaid
Advice: Hire some competent managers and perhaps pay these executives a little less as they deserve to paid. HR could use some friendly faces as well.
Pros: There are opportunities to grow into

Cons: All work no life. Staff cut too lean in all areas (except HR) & workload crazed for all.
Advice: Start listening to groups other than marketing & creative for suggestions to save $$ & improve operations.
Pros: Great products & brands which people take pride in. Average compensation but good benefits.

Cons: - horrible management, career advancement
- catty culture
- lack of strong leadership
Advice: make a stronger commitment to developing talent
Pros: - industry expereince
- fun industry
- good benefits and perks

Cons: top management has god comples, decisions are poorly planned and executed, lots of turnover with very little competence, crisis mode all the time
Advice: get over yourselves
Pros: clean safe and salary is competitive

Cons: no work life balance, most people stay at work until 6-7 everyday.
do not have a good tuition reimbursement program
Advice: 
Pros: people are friendly and compensation is decent.

Cons: Management
Budgets
Top heavy
Not family friendly
Enough

I have entered 5 words already!
Advice: Too top heavy..assess management that has driven away many great employees.
Pros: Benefits
Product discount
Vacation
meetings in fancy hotels

Cons: intense pressure and long work hours
Advice: 
Pros: global exposure and large portfolio of brand

Cons: nepotism, promoting incompetence to make up the numbers
Advice: 
Pros: clean place, nice people, good benefits

Cons: Lack of originality and inspiration, poor management
Advice: Learn to treat your employees as people, have conviction in your vision
Pros: Good benefits, mobility to move into other brands and divisions, accessibility to L'Oreal portfolio of brands

Cons: Long hours, overworked, high pressure
Advice: N/A
Pros: Learning opportunity, network with like-minded professionals, assist in marketing

Cons: constant cutting of headcount abd minimizing resources
Advice: 
Pros: Global company w great brands and diversity

Cons: Management is too young turnover of management is a real problem
Advice: Promote from the ranks experiance is what counts
Pros: Company store excellent coworkers Heath benifits

Cons: Too many HR layers yet everything is contracted to different companies
So many people recruiting, not done locally to meet mgt needs of the facility
Wellness benefits--hard to participate, too many caveats
Expectations to be in early/stay late 
Over 40 yrs old,  no room for advancement
Horrible IT systems because of our business processes 
Any challenge to an idea is regarded as 'actively disengaged' so employees must just smile and agree to the company line.
Advice: Come and see how complicated and exception laden process is.  See what it takes to create, receive and close a purchase order,  track information or just try to get a printer at closer to your desk! 

If you wonder why it takes so long to (fill in the blank to what you want), start looking at the details on why it takes so long.  Remember, 
*you lack standardized business processes
*if you do have standardized business process, pretty much every situation is an exception to the    process
*each division does things differently and everyone has good reasons why we can't
*we have to always meet with everyone 3x's and publish meeting notes before we can officially formulate a plan to expedite your request
*we have to have some more mandatory team training so we all can learn to get along

I don't know what has happened to L'Oreal in the last 4 or 5 years. This is not the same company I remember.
Pros: Company Store benefits
Medical benefits superior and relatively low cost
At local level, mgt does try to create a positive culture and show appreciation

Cons: Not much training. You're expected to come in swim or sink.
High turnover (internal and external) - Next thing you know people you deal with everyday is moving on to a new role or quit.
Bonus is meager, unless you're senior mgmt.
Advice: They have to value their employees more. I see too many good people get poached from competitors, which means that the company is not being compensated/recognized very well. It doesn't make sense to develop an employee for several years and then lose them to a competitor for nothing but a small promotion or $10-$15K raise (I mean, that's practically nothing to the company in monthly terms).
Pros: Global company (you can transfer to other locations/countries).
Good place to build a network, whether for relationships within the company or later on in the career.
Recognized name in the industry so it's good when you want to move on.

Cons: very low compensation level and other benefits comparing to the market, no opportunities to grow for the locals (the talented ones are squeezed out but the expacts whose knowledge and willingness to share experience and learn new is almost next to nothing) , very high expat level (ca.15%) while the other market rivals have 3-5 expats only. office space is [dis]organized in not ergonomic way and on top of all above - infamous French arrogance
Advice: invest more in your employees, the brands value is nothing in the country where they're not so known to the consumers but employees who are satisfied with their professional aspirations and adequate compensation can make miracles. and higher the most brilliant ones (not the cheapest ones as now!)
Pros: the BEST place to start for the recent graduates (or even last year students) but those experienced ones - look somewhere else

Cons: Competitive, long hours and week-ends, poor work/life balance, salary below market average and not in line with amount of work, too many meetings, gossipy environment, Toronto office not downtown.
Advice: Try to create an environment where you can have a better work-life balance. Making an environment where it is seen as bad to leave the office before 8 or not do any work on the week-end might be ok for people who it is their first job and want to move the corporate ladder quickly but it won't help you attract good talent from other company and it will keep you with a high turn-over rate where employees will leverage their under-paid job to a better playing employer offering better conditions.
Pros: Fun people to work with, fast track to get promotion and career advancement, opportunity to touch many different roles, well located

Cons: - Work work work... And very manual work...
 - Lotsa carrying, lifting, clearing because of messy storage areas!
 - Limited and pathetic storage of GWPs, Uniforms, Docs etc. Most of the time are spent in thinking how to dispose, hide or disperse them to outlets...
 - Competitive environment, more so when you're in the sales team.
 - Lotsa yellings from sales and it's considered normal. Managers shouting at staff on the phone happens everyday.
Advice: Think about why is there a higher turnover for certain brands, didn't it came across your mind that empty yelling are useless and people are more resistant to change when they're being yelled at. (for nothing and fr not understanding the reasons behind the yelling...)
Pros: - Lotsa opportunities whether you wanna move up or across the brands
 - Friendly and helpful colleagues
 - Tons of trainings and benefits available (if you're free enough to enjoy them, it's there!)

Cons: Work life balance does not exist
Senior Management has their own agenda for you, it doesn't matter what YOU want
The pay is TERRIBLE
Very competitive. stressful environment... backstabbing people
Advice: Stop treating your talented, high potential people badly or they won't leave to go work someplace else. Maybe you should consider what is best for them sometimes and NOT about your own agenda all the time. These are people and they want to be happy at their jobs.
Pros: Great Experience in that I learned a great deal while I was there. Great preparation for going to another company, because if you can make it a few years at L'Oreal, you can make it ANYWHERE! Everything else is a breeze after you spend a few years there
Benefite were good and good perks (product, etc..)

Cons: Work life balance can lead to some problems in the long run - but I've found this at other companies as well.  They demand excellence but if you cant run fast enough, you're in trouble.
Advice: Seems as if HR plays a large role in the way that people are promoted.  If you don't know how to play the game, then you can be left behind.  Might be something to watch.
Pros: L'Oreal Canada is among the best I've seen or worked at.  Complete autonomy on the job, great training, practical experience, and one hell of a team to work with.  Compensation is great and they give you all the room in the world to run.  Phenomenal company.

Cons: owever, it is still important to know what the current salary range is for the profession. Find salary surveys at the library or on the Internet, and check the classifieds to see what comparable jobs in your area are paying. This information can help you negotiate compensation once the employer makes an offer.
Advice: Use this as a chance to summarize your good characteristics and attributes and how they may be used to benefit the organization
Pros: What salary are you expecting? You probably don't want to answer this one directly. Instead, deflect the question back to the interviewer by saying something like: "I don't know. What are you planning on paying the best candidate?" Let the employer make the first offer.

Cons: lack of work-life balance.
lack of mentorship unless one is french.
lack of training.
poor systems & processes.
lack of professional development.
lack of management concern for employees.
lack of enough people to do the work.
employees are not empowered.
majority of "people managers" are micromanagers.
constant revolving door of employees.
high level of employee dissatisfaction.
raises are less than cost of living.
employee bonuses are not given at 100% "target" level even if the company makes target levels of sales and profit.
high level of secrecy and poor communication.
too many meetings, no meeting minutes/agendas.
top management level needs to approve of any external hires (even if it is to fill an existing position where someone resigned) - this is Roze or below him that has to approve.
Advice: hire enough employees to do the expected work.
give managers training on how to be human and treat people like humans rather than robots.
less secrecy.
encourage open communications.
Pros: product discount
good name on resume

Cons: All brands have become homogenized into "L'Oreal" no point of difference.  Workers are expected to produce more with less.  The culture is no longer one of elevating talent, but one of pointing fingers.
Advice: Being number one doesn't mean you can continue as you always have.  You have to get out of NY and know what the competition is doing.  The old business model needs refreshing.
Pros: Good benefits, name brands easily recognized.  Built invaluable connections with co-workers in the beauty industry.  Great family of products.

Cons: Internal political games and power fights, old habits, agility to change, inexistent project management, poor management competencies, listenning and transparency,  The hierarchy opinion only prevails.
Advice: Be more brave and don't be fooled! More transparency, 360° and honest feedbacks to keep the talented one. Take really into account the feedbacks and inputs from the teams. Put in place a real participative way of managing people.
Pros: Autonomy, freedom to design our job and develop innovative projects, stimulating exposure, real and strong company culture, wonderfull products to work on, many opportunities to grow.

Cons: -A lot of communication is in french. It is sometimes difficult to communicate effectively with people in your or other divisions because they don't speak english very well.
-Things are very corporate and therefore sometimes inflexible and slow.
Advice: Keep it up, a great company to work for!
Pros: -Prestige
-Respect
-Opportunity
-Challenge 
-Compensation
-Management and coworkers
It is a well managed, well run company that understands both it's customers and employees. Respects the past and looks ahead. An interesting group of people to connect with from different brands and divisions. So much potential. Doesn't accept second rate or not delivering results.

Cons: - poor balance between professional and personal life
- below-average salaries
- high turnover of staff
- no compensation for extra hours
- lack of respect toward young professionals by the company (indicating there's always a line of candidates willing to do your job at the threshold of the company)
Advice: - More timely communication to employees to improve efficiency.
Pros: - real responsibility from day 1
- interesting field of work, diverse social events with colleagues and customers
- very educational for recent graduates
- appreciated by future employers
- profit sharing system

Cons: They lack work/ life balance. Poor management in some departments with lack of insight into business knowledge, lack of direction and accountability.  Fast turnaround in some departments and Sr Mgmt lacks ability to retain talented employees.
Advice: Sr Management needs to recognize employee efforts and utilize resources more efficiently.  Create better processes so that projects are not suddenly dropped on employee last minute.  Improve work/life balance.
Pros: learning large corporate culture
employee discounts and free goods on product
employees are friendly and enjoyable to work with
brand new office building
fast pace organization

Cons: - no respect for employees
- not transparant at all
- political influenced
- atmosphere is not positive at all.. as if people were masks all the time
- no structure and ineffective work methods
- degrees seem to be mor important then talent or drive
Advice: Degrees are not the main issue to hire / promote people. It is in fact one of the few companies were I saw super motivated people when they entered the company but disgust after a year
Pros: - cool products
- excellence in visual communication
- goodlooking people

Cons: I sometimes feel that they lack manpower as they have limited working space and thus, only able to accommodate the few. Yet, it's still a great place to work and learn from experienced people.
Advice: Don't exactly have any advise as I find the leadership and working condition pretty good. Except maybe, increase in manpower.
Pros: You will be able to meet people from diverse cultures and background. For girls, this may just be the dream land as it has everything to do with being beautiful and presentable.

Cons: If you don't play the game (office politics) you'll be languishing at the bottom for a very long time.
Advice: Go beyond lip service. It can be incredibly frustrating for employees to hear one thing but see something else in action. Also it would be instrumental for the company's success to get organised.
Pros: Great Boot Camp for Marketing. Other functions like PR, Finance, Operations look elsewhere. These departments are low on the pecking order. It's all about Sales and Marketing here.

Cons: - Training and development are promised but not encouraged
- Underpaid job, fast promotion but salary increase is laughable (e.g. a few hundreds HK dollars for promotion)
- Long working hours, require you to work in weekends with no OT paid or compensation leave 
- Top management is not respectful
- No strategy to retain talents, very high turnover rate
Advice: Put people first. If you want to hire/retain someone with passion, you should first be passionate about development them. I saw a lot of talent left the company because of the poor management.
Pros: - You can get free goods, but most of them are slow moving products

Cons: The structure and the system of the company is a little bit messy. The regulations are not so clear and performed.
Advice: Please pay more attention to the management trainee program, appreciating the different employee's capability and taking advantage of them. Higher the importance of the rules.
Pros: L'Oreal is a diversified company, creativity  and actively learning are really appreciated here.  Doing work about the cosmetics for the beauty will be really fantastic.

Cons: - No accountability for upper management's treatment of staff/underlings
- So much bureaucracy at head office bogs down store-level decision making
- You are encouraged to be creative and innovative, yet when you challenge the system you are disciplined or given a warning.
Advice: 
Pros: - Benefits including pay package
- Looks good on a resume
- A good way to learn about the inner workings of a massive corporation if you are not from that background

Cons: Paris dictates, and the world follows.
Management can lack people skills.
Poor work/life balance.
Lack of positive feedback from managers.
Hope you speak french...
Advice: To make this a truly multinational enterprise, find leaders that come from places other than France.
Encourage collaboration and teamwork.
Give praise when it is deserved.
Pros: Lots of opportunities.
Fantastic brands and products in a variety of markets.
Constantly increasing responsibilities.
Multinational environment.

Cons: Working times are absurd even for an intern. You have to hardly look to get some useful information. People are not ready to help you.
Advice: The management should take some time to work more closely with their employees to better understand their needs and decisions.
Pros: The buildings and offices are nice and comfortable. You can create a good network. You can improve your skills in a very stressful context

Cons: Top down and politics prevail at all time
Excessive time investment asked without compensation
Low salaries and compensations compared to market
No clear strategic long term vision
Carreer development and talent retention policies unexistent
Advice: Marketing and sales are core business, but other functions are life-support. Stop under investing in people
Pros: International recognized company
Top quality products and brands portfolio
Diverse and multicultural professional environment
Permanent professional challenge

Cons: There is a lot of experience to be had, but work/ life balance is a challenge to achieve and maintain, regardless of field.
Advice: 
Pros: It's a great, dynamic company to start a career, because you can get substantial experience in different fields very quickly, as the company promotes & moves individuals based on potential.  The company workforce is diverse, international, and very passionate.

Cons: No work life balance.Too much political meetings. Work hours too long. Promotion chances are very limited, especially to no-French.
Advice: Management should take some time to look down to their people, and they should be more flexible about the working strategy.
Pros: it is very rewarding to work here, with on-site training program available. It;s worthwhile if you can put yourself in.

Cons: - Low compensation; not competitive at all
- Long work hours
- Managers not willing to let you transfer to different departments
- Low employee morale
Advice: Need to focus more on the employees, before they realize what their missing
Pros: - Product discounts
- Good exposure to top management

Cons: A bit un organized. You need a few years of seniority to get managements attention.
Advice: Do not try to implement the french culture all over the world. Try to adopt to local culture instead.
Pros: Very dynamic and fun company to work for. Lots of young people and plenty of space to grow if you play your cards right.

Cons: Hierarchical
Lack of customer research and too product focused
Advice: Listen to consumers and develop products to meet their needs (even before they know it is a need) and understand the behaviors of the next generation now.
Pros: Professional development and training
International movement

Cons: - Individualistic environment
- Competition among employees
- Strong hierarchy
Advice: Be more human and manage people in a more relaxed manner
Pros: - Reputation : known and recognized worldwide for its expertise
- In-depth knowledge of marketing strategy
- Opportunities to evolve within the company and abroad
- Sense of detail, perfectionism

Cons: challenging, little structured feedback or recommendations / mentoring, need to be self-decoder to succeed
Advice: More walk the talk is necessary
Pros: Involving, passionate environment, great brands, motivated people, ambitious, real opportunities, you can make things happen & make a difference

Cons: The pay is not competitive at all.
Advice: I think there needs to be better salary increases and advancements.
Pros: I've learned some new aspects of my job - However, I'm ready for advancement after 2 years of doing it.

Cons: Arrogance blame culture where politics rules.  Senior managementy all male with inappropriate attitudes to women.  Work you to death for little pay
Advice: Respect your staff.
Pros: Great place to learn media, NPD execution & never say die attitude

Cons: brutal, limited room to grow, french favored culture, constant critism
Advice: 'human sensitity' should be the key in upper manament style and career management of individuals. blame less, motivate more.
Pros: gives responsibility, opportunity for linear moves among different brands, unique sense of expertism

Cons: entire sales force was laid off for reasons not related to performance, but for upper management to look good on paper
Advice: 
Pros: employees were treated fairly, with flexibility in work schedules. raises wwre fair based on merit. promotions were based on who you know

Cons: No work life balance
No clear career paths
No respect for people
Advice: HR dpt can be a real issue in communication and motivation of people
Pros: Big famous name
Good products
Good place to start when you're young, full of energy & motivation

Cons: This job has been outsourced to companies who only staff part- time
Advice: Outsourcing will not produce the excellent results previously delivered by a loyal, happy workforce
Pros: Great benefit package and bonuses

Cons: management changes every 6-12 months.
to many temporary workers .
Advice: hire someone with knowledge , 5 years experience or more, not some KIDS fresh out of collage, they are so gullable and have no people skills.
Pros: good benifits,very safe place to work

Cons: It's a really big company, thus there is a competitive atmosphere.
Advice: 
Pros: It's one of the most sustainable companies of the entire world, has an amazing range of (luxury) products, which do attract different target groups.

Cons: - UK is king - Ireland just a line on the P&L
- arrogant mansgemenr
Advice: Loosen up.
Pros: - good on cv
- great brands
- classical process driven compant

Cons: cut-throat corporate culture
long hours 
minimal pay
revolving door company - people are constantly being hired and fired from the company
Advice: Eliminate limited human resources by hiring enough people to take on responsibilities.
Initiate plan for family and friendly programs to boost morale
Pros: employee-friendly programs - volunteer workshops, benefits
job mobility  - work domestically and internationally and cross-pollination of different brands
recognition of personal growth

Cons: work/life balance a constant struggle.
Advice: 
Pros: Strong benefits, opportunity for advancement, management support.

Cons: Depending on who you are it is hard to get promoted. There are favorites
Advice: 
Pros: Great Company. It looks amazing on the resume.

Cons: no split shifts ex. only 7am to 3pm and 3pm to11pm nothing in between
Advice: Supervisor should be more welcoming to new employees.
Pros: great atmosphere and salary is great.

Cons: Political, unclear HR policies, difficult to approach HR
Advice: 
Pros: Exposure, CV, good place to start if you want to work in fashion and beauty

Cons: long hours and lot's of sitting at a desk
Advice: hire more interns
Pros: Lot's of independent and challenging work
