Cons: So disappointed with the way they’ve handled the quarantine and WFH policy during the pandemic. We are the only company returning to the office (Hudson Yards). No other company, that can work remotely (and be successful) are pushing their employees to come back in. Our numbers are up! We have proven we can be efficient, productive and successful while WFH. But “it’s not our culture.”
Every picture and quote yelling how happy we are to be back is propaganda. Everyone is drinking the Kool-Aid.
They’re giving small commutation stipends and snacks and have gone to great lengths to make us feel safe in the building. But they can’t control public transportation and the fact that the streets of NYC look
like NY in the 80’s. Hookers, homeless. Why can’t we continue to WFH when almost all work has to be done through TEAMS when we are IN the office?!
Advice: Listen to your employees and science. We aren’t through this yet and we are outperforming while WFH. Please be flexible and don’t pretend this “open door policy of communication “ won’t be held against us. We aren’t free to speak up. But we are afraid and frustrated that you are rushing to reopen.
Pros: It’s a well run, well managed corporation. Competitive salary, a lot of perks.  Extremely talented people at the top of their game.

Cons: Lack of communication, slow to react to important issues, upper management does not listen, if you know "some one" then you will automatically get promoted. 
We have been working from home for over 3 months now. At the beginning we were told we were very productive and absolutely no issues, we were praised for the good work. And now it's an issue and were told we must work in oofice in order to work cohesively, umm isn't thst what you were praising us for doing in the beginning ? Confusing...
Also with the wake of BLM movement, L'Oreal corp communications was extremely slow in responding or in making a statement. And only when top level executives who are black demanded for a change was it when they made a statement and now are having "workshops" and "free space groups" for affected employees. Some how I am not convinced out UPPER MANAGEMENT is actually listening. My only hope is that they are and action will be taken.
Advice: Listen
Listen
Listen! 
Remove your old ways of thinking and allow for new innovated ways of working.
Pros: Free products and discounted products.

Cons: No work/life balance, work from home is not the culture, no flexibility, no compassion
Advice: Employees are being forced back into work during a pandemic.  Anyone who is opposed to going back is required to submit a formal claim which then has to be approved by HR/upper management.   Reasons include a pre-existing health condition, which requires an extensive submission of forms from doctors and test results which then have to be validated.  Anxiety and fear are not options to apply.  Childcare needs have to be validated with evidence there is no family nearby, spouse cannot accommodate, friends, sitters, camps or daycares available during the pandemic regardless of needs or financial situation.  HR has right to approve or deny based on their "investigation".
Pros: Free product perks, interesting work

Cons: They are forcing us to return to the office (starting 6/29 at 25%, now starting next week at 50%) and employees are very concerned about their safety commuting and in the building
Advice: You trusted us to work remotely (and we did, very very well and have been so dedicated to our roles and the success of the company) for the past four months. Why are you acting like we are in the EU and forcing us to return to the office when we can work remotely? It is unsafe and we feel like guinea pigs and with no value or voice.
Pros: I am a longtime employee who loves my job and my team

Cons: There are significant company culture issues that come from the very top (Paris). Sometimes I forget we aren’t saving lives at work. Every task is both urgent and critically important, meaning it becomes impossible to prioritize work and you constantly feel pulled in too many directions, at the detriment of productivity. Depending on where you work in the organization, you can have decent work life balance, in terms of leaving at a reasonable hour and having weekends free. However work stress will often enter into your personal life, even if you’re not “working.” You have to give a lot of yourself to this company. 

The issues with company culture have become more apparent with Covid and the Black Lives Matter movement. As it relates to BLM, brand communication teams were completely restricted in what the brands could say and when. When approved messaging finally came through, it was scrubbed and “corporatized” with meaningless jargon. Black employees were not welcome to advise on messaging. Internally, it took several days for the organization to acknowledge what was happening with employees, and only after a group of employees demanded action and support. L’Oréal also has a diversity issue in hiring - very few employees of color in our corporate teams. 

Regarding Covid, the organization started strong with messages of support, but those were quickly replaced with ominous and unclear messaging around returning to the office (mostly about cumbersome safety protocols such as in office temperature checks). While other companies were providing clear timelines for return, L’Oreal USA refused to provide any sense of timing for the NY offices, even as employees were asking daily (many had left the city). When the company finally announced a return to office date (June 29 - 2+ months before most corporate offices), employees received 1 WEEK’S notice that they would be expected back. The announcement also came at 6:45pm the night before Juneteenth, which the company had given employees as a PTO day of cultural observance. This felt like an effort to take advantage of the Juneteenth holiday to minimize swirl over the announcement - really distasteful. L’Oreal is rushing corporate employees back to the office simply for face time, irresponsible both to the health of employees and essential workers who are using public transportation. Employee morale is very low - employees do not feel proud to work for L’Oréal right now.
Advice: Think more critically about how your decisions impact employees. Employees expect more from the companies they work for than ever before.  Create a company that people are proud to work for.  And remember that end of the day, it’s just lipstick.
Pros: - Very smart, dedicated and kind coworkers who make coming to work enjoyable
- Portfolio of winning brands
- Caring leadership in most parts of the organization
- Opportunity to make your job what you want - job descriptions can be flexible and you can always “do more” if you look for ways to add value 
- Nice office, good perks e.g. company store and nail salon

Cons: Management is terrible at understanding why employees are not satisfied with their roles; workload is so high that most people I worked with worked on the weekends regularly (keep in mind this should be a 9-5 job), I regularly worked till midnight and on the weekends when I was really busy; pay raises were offensively low (I knew my coworkers who were doing the same job as me got paid $10-15k more than me and I brought that up and I got a paltry 2.5% raise at the end of the year, not even when I brought up the pay disparity); didn't even get an exit interview when leaving; was forced between my job and my safety in the middle of the pandemic (even though we had proven that we could do our jobs remotely for the previous six months); too worried about office politics to actually get work done
Advice: actually listen to your employees when we complain and maybe the turnover rate wouldn't be as high, and you wouldn't lose good talent
Pros: Made some good friends here, company store discount

Cons: Clear preference for white, French men to advance to true senior leadership. It's not a fast-moving company and you're probably not going to learn much that would make you more valuable to a small, agile company - I definitely felt my skills deteriorated in my few years there. SO MUCH red tape when trying to do anything outside the company's norms. They really want each brand to behave the same, have the same website, etc. Forced employees to come back WAY too early from quarantine (August) when there is no reason for desk workers to be in the office.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance on the team I worked on, though I've heard it very much depends on the team and your manager. Very solid pay, raise schedule, and bonus structure, and bonuses were paid out fairly. Clear path to getting promoted, at least up until the AVP level, where a lot of people seem to get stuck. Good benefits and maternity/paternity leave, 401k match, and pension.

Cons: Covid-19 has taught me this company does not care about its employees. When New York started shutting down, we were the LAST people to be told to work from home, and originally it was only for about 4 days. Finally the shut down came and we were told to WFH but were given NO idea about what a return to work timeline would look like. My team did not miss a beat in the WFH transition, and to be honest most if not all marketing jobs in the organization can be done from home. Consistently people asked about returning to work (to which no information was given) because there was a universal feeling it would be too early which turned out to be correct. We were told to return start June 29th despite an INCREDIBLE amount of employee outcry. The reasons being (based on a ridiculous email sent by the CEO) about us "not being creative" outside the office and needing to “feel and touch and smell beauty products" in order to do our jobs. Many people are upset and scared and uncomfortable and senior management simply doesn't care, and have literally been sending out what I can only refer to as propaganda about those who have chosen to return to work saying its "the place they feel the most safe." This organization doesn’t care about the physical and mental health of their employees, or the essential workers we could possibly endanger by taking public transportation when there is NO NEED TO.
Advice: Is working from home seriously so detrimental to the organization you are willing to alienate your employees? Its 2020, your inflexibility will lead to employees leaving.
Pros: Let me start out by saying that I am thrilled that (so far) I have not heard of any layoffs as a result of Covid, that can't be overlooked. The company is fast paced, and I have learned a ton in my time here and am lucky to work on a team with some really great people.

Cons: Horrible French leadership that is not visible at lower levels - but as you rise it is horrible. Inconsiderate managers who are close to Paris run the place with no affinity to the country.  They lead by fear culture and while they have tried to bring in “people centric / strategic” leaders from outside, the collective French mafia on top don’t want to let them succeed. Not recommended for mid career or senior hires.
Advice: Modernize and truly become diverse (international, gender, race) in your management.  Publish your top 100 / top 40 / top 20 executives, and ensure that they reflect the diversity of your business footprint.  It is appalling on how non diverse this company is, even in 2020.
Pros: People who are young, digitally savvy, high energy, entrepreneurial and best in beauty. Great place to intern or start a career.

Cons: Hours can be long at times. Extremely corporate-style red tape. New, innovative ideas are usually thrown at the wayside until some other brand does it. At Loreal, you react to new innovations/what other brands are doing, instead of being proactive about it...
Advice: Be open to new ideas and change, even if you can’t see the vision at first.
Pros: Depending on the team you’re in, you’ll either have an incredible time at Loreal or feel like you’re in hell. Personally I think Loreal does a great job at being extremely transparent and ethically motivated versus other large corporations in the same industry. You really need to be a “go-getter” in any team you’re in, otherwise you’ll lag behind. Culture is not for everyone but you just have to find your own way and stick with it

Cons: As someone who joined the organization externally, I wish I received many of the benefits the HR recruiter touted— education reimbursement, career development, and a strong reward system. To my dismay, none of these have proven to be true, and management has proven time and time again how much they don’t care about employee’s aspirations, and career development. For starters, management does not see the value in a graduate degree as its deemed unnecessary to perform your job. Employees that work hard are not promoted, but encouraged to move laterally within the organization. Promotions are given to employees on a system called favoritism by the management— there are many employees in positions at L’Oreal that make you question how they got into their respective positions of influence. Qualified candidates are rejected multiple times from internal roles, and given excuses that discourage them from applying/ wanting more for themselves. Instead these hard working employees are given more job responsibilities, with no title increase, or any incentive. In many ways, L’Oreal limits their employees potential, and creates a toxic work culture. There are serious organizational problems that start with a completely inept HR department that breeds mistrust and is overly political— more so than any other company. HR is completely useless at L’Oreal, no real understanding or care for the employees well-being, a poor, unresponsive resource for employee questions/ concerns, and very inauthentic. HR shares the same generic script when questioned by employees, and are poor about following up with candidates/ responding to e-mails. HR also is terrible at career planning and helping candidates make the next steps within the organization. L’Oreal does not listen to its employees, nor does it take into consideration their well-being. For example, L’Oreal offices are one of the only companies in the NY/ NJ tristate area to go back to work amidst a pandemic. This was communicated with barely any notice nor was their any transparency. L’Oreal also did not provide adequate resources for employees to work comfortably from home, and has proven throughout this pandemic how they do not put the safety / wellbeing of employees at the forefront of the business. I would strongly urge any candidate to rethink working for L’Oreal— it is truly a demoralizing environment that makes you question your worth and career.
Advice: Abandon archaic processes/ ways of thinking. Listen to employees thoughts and concerns- work on continuously improving processes. HR needs severe restructuring and improvement. Practice what you preach- show authenticity to breed trust among employees. Change reward structure to promote talented employees. Begin investing in individual success this will turn into a collective effort for company success. Organizational culture must be improved- treat all employees the same regardless of location. Be more respectful to internal candidates time and development. Invest in employee education and support aspirations- this will only make the employee more committed to the organization.
Pros: Free Goods, 401k, vacation, flexible work, product portfolio

Cons: Glass ceiling for US employees (global HQ is located in France and the vast majority of upper management is constructed of French or International employees)

Often disorganized in ways of working

Lags behind in terms of company culture--&gt; Outwardly expresses a very hands off 'entrepreneurial' environment but is much more rigid, strict, and routine in ways of working.

Lags behind in use of technology to enhance day to day operations
Advice: Learn to change and adapt to new ways of working.
Pros: Good Retirement plan and benefits
Inclusive culture 
Great salary + Benefits
Management does well to assist career development
HR does well to present new opportunities for career changes within the company

Cons: The Union is trash. They are scared of HR They only take your money. Raises are disrespectful. No PTO for 2 years. No sick time off. Medical insurance is robbery. You pay insurance after tax. Senior workers always worrying about how many Hours of OT you work. Silly points rule they have in place. You have to beg for your certified Rate which is only $0.58.
Advice: Take care of your manufacturing employees with better benefits, sick time,  and PTO. Tell Supervisors don’t get mad when working a lot of OT. Stop being greedy and cheap with your employees. Give better raises. And tell HR stop with the dirty attitude.  Tell supervisors to treat everyone equally.  Too much favoritism and lastly stop thinking like that’s the only place of employment
Pros: Half price at the company store

Cons: A racist, sexist, misogynistic environment that breeds hostility, fear and terror. Reporting of the above mentioned to HR makes you feel like it’s you that had the issue. In their immersion into the company, I’d like to call it brainwashing, they tell you that Americans are peaches, on the outside and hard on the inside; the French are like coconuts, hard on the outside and soft on the inside. Why I didn’t run away from this company sooner I don’t know. Oh wait they make you sign a non-compete where no one can hire you.
Advice: Fire them all or I hope the entire company goes under.
Pros: Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing

Cons: If you are planning on taking up a job as a data scientist or a chemical scientist in L'oreal USA in R&amp;D, do your due diligence.L'oreal USA is a far cry from its HQ based in France. All the exciting work happens in the HQ and there is a huge disparity in the opportunities you will get to contribute and learn. The company may claim to be innovative, but that is not always true and not for many teams. Innovation means acquiring new brands and technologies, not necessarily innovating internally. Digitally and in terms of infrastructure, L'oreal is a lagging way behind.
This is probably a good company for people wanting to have careers in marketing and sales.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company benefits for full time employees

Cons: political, you need to constantly be advocating and networking for yourself as HR and most managers will NOT help find new opportunities or provide roadmap or guidance for your career. They are archaic with no systems so everything is in excel and pretty manual.
Advice: So top heavy, how about supporting high performers and giving them chance to advance and grow rather than just hiring more people above them. Everyone has too much manual and administrative work. Invest in some systems!
Pros: big company with good benefits

Cons: No work-life balance and a lot of energy goes into low value work. If sales aren’t hitting goals, life is hellish. Way too many tyrannical leaders at VP and above. Sexism still very prevalent, despite majority of female employees.
Advice: None
Pros: I had the best co-workers, the corporate office is nice and the employee store offers 50% off MSRP on all L’Oreal brands.

Cons: It's a grind and very political. To succeed and move up, be ready to play the game and be good at it. Can be very Devil-Wears-Prada, in the good ways and the bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Being a part of something so iconic, globally, it is an amazing place to learn if you're hungry for it. And working across the brand portfolio provides exposure to various business types. I loved everything I was exposed to and the opportunities I was able to take on.

Cons: Absolutely no career pathing or peer reviews. Incredibly inefficient processes and slow to innovate. Almost no visibility to senior management. Late nights building decks that never get presented.  At my new job I still get incredibly anxious before performance reviews because I have flashbacks to my time at LUSA. Honestly sometimes I think I'm over my experience and I still have nightmares. Only good day at work was my last one! To those that are there know it gets better on the other side -- to those that are considering I'd recommend looking elsewhere
Advice: None
Pros: Free goods, 401K, Nice views in Hudson Yards

Cons: Lots of programs and platforms to have to learn, however everyone is willing to help get you caught up to speed.
Advice: Continue to listen and trust your employees, and communication is key.
Pros: Great environment, supportive team, wonderful benefits package. During the pandemic, the company has created a taskforce to constantly follow world news and updates with CDC protocols, so that employees can be as safe as possible. L'Oreal has shown that our health and families are important to them.

Cons: not very agile, too many meetings, not flexible when it comes to remote working
Advice: It would be nice to see L'Oreal move forward as other large corporations are when it comes to remote work flexibility.
Pros: they are open to the idea of you moving from various departments, amazing professional and personal trainings offered, beautiful office, great perks and benefits

Cons: Bad Management practices ( favoritism, laziness, hyper competitiveness, insecure decision), dysfunctional HR , uneven workload for non management ( non management takes all the workload), bad communication practices, lack of incentive for good practices and behaviors.
Advice: Cut Management staff to necessary levels. Why do you need 2-3 managers, directors and AVP for the same department and site? This leads to complacency and bad Management practices.
Pros: Good health benefits and decent salary.

Cons: This is tough for me. I really feel there is a lot of opportunity, but maybe long hours at times.
Advice: None
Pros: There are so many places to feel involved at L’Oreal, whether in their think tanks or community events you will certainly feel like part of something bigger than yourself. Great benefits packages. The company is all about developing and growing talent, and strongly encourages all employees to create goals to stretch and challenge themselves

Cons: health benefits not as good as they were, very political especially when it comes to moving up and growing in the company, lots of empty promises in development, communication can improve
Advice: none
Pros: the company cares about its employees, makes a huge effort in terms of the environment and sustainability, safety is way better than you'll find elsewhere

Cons: I've been working here for about a year and already, I've had my manager accuse me of falsifying hours worked (I had to have other employees verify that I was present), my manager place the blame for a project's failure on me when I received no training regarding this project even though I repeatedly asked my manager for training, and quite simply a lack of communication between myself and management.

I have tried to speak to my manager, but my manager is hardly in the office. Yet the second that I take my allotted 15 minute break (once per every 4 hours), my manager accuses me of slacking off on the job. I have done my best to communicate my needs via email, which strangely take days to be answered, but when I receive an email from my manager, it is an issue if I don't reply within a few hours.

One day, I went to meet another colleague for the first time and I was abruptly told that my manager had spoken ill of me to other people whom I had not even met.
Advice: After having spoken to other employees about my situation, I realize my situation is probably more extreme than most others. However, others are still experiencing elements of my situation that lead me to believe that the problem is universal. There is a discord between how management views its employees (as simply workers) and how employees view their managers (as part time bosses and part time friends). Ultimately, the culture needs to change to reflect that employees are more than friends and that the company looks out for its employees. Change starts from the top. I now realize that working at a company with such poor culture makes it incredibly hard to gain anyone's attention to climb the corporate ladder. This is why there is so much turnover here and why the culture is poisonous.
Pros: The company has a great cafeteria with cheap prices and discounts on its products for employees.

Cons: top talent on a team is straight up worked into the ground . dont let them know how ambitious you are if you are top talent because they'll hang it over your head in every review / feedback session to get more out of you
Advice: None
Pros: really bright teammates that really care about what they do. inspiring, motivating.

Cons: micro management, non-competitive salary and salary increases
Advice: Brands can only take you so far.  Internal politics and micromanaging is debilitating for the organization.   Proof:  Willingness to Recommend Scores Historically Low
Pros: benefits, brand reputation, products and community service

Cons: Potential to be great. Bad choices for management of the Shared Services location creating a terrible environment. Sadly, a lot of the good people have moved on and the toxic members are still around.
Advice: They won't take advice.  The ones I worked with thought everyone else was stupid except for themselves.
Pros: Overshadowed by toxic environment created by management.

Cons: Demanding, stressful at times, expect to work 10-12 hours a day on the brand marketing teams and even some weekends, honestly feel like you can be fired any day lol
Advice: None
Pros: Upward mobility, junior talent lots of opportunity to work on projects, no intense hierarchy, lots of training and learnings opportunities

Cons: political environment, unclear priorities, certain teams spend a majority of time proving why they exist.
Advice: Don’t shy away from innovation in data, tech and ways of working. Invest in company culture based on collaboration not fear.
Pros: Great people, build resilience to extremely fast pace, opportunity to learn about many metiers if you’re ambitious and good at advocating for yourself.

Cons: Brand restructure and eliminated my position. Just an unfortunate part of being employed by a corporation. They truly don't care about you.
Advice: Don't hire a field team unless you plan on keeping them.  I understand it's business but try and think of the people you effect and your negative impact on them not only financially but mentally.
Pros: Great salary and excellent benefits.

Cons: Employees do not come first. It is upper management vs everyone else. They do not care about anyone but themselves. Not a 'team' environment at all, very individual.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, good benefits, great people to work with on the floor.

Cons: Fast paced, can be overwhelming if you’re not used to working hard.
Advice: Thanks for your commitment to safety and ethics.
Pros: Great place to be able to make a difference right away. Lots of work to do; overtime plentiful most months. Safe place to work, leadership truly cares about everyone’s well being. Great benefits and culture.

Cons: Long hours, demanding, and too many reorganizations that may not fit your position.
Advice: You need to lead your own career path and go after the position you desire. Many opportunities to move up the ladder but you need to work for it
Pros: Great collaboration of team work, smart people

Cons: -Many levels of approval between US and French HQ
Advice: None
Pros: -Very Entrepreneurial feel, which allows your to build your case on how to manage and run your business
-Strong marketing company that teaches you the 360 approach on consumer-go-to-market
-Strong benefits

Cons: Career growth is more attainable if you're willing to relocate to New York or New Jersey. It's not as easy in remote sites.
Advice: Be more open minded to promoting employees who are not able to relocate.
Pros: You are encouraged to be entrepreneurial, and making mistakes is acceptable.

Cons: Some employees are inundated and drowning in work and others have none. Structure constantly changes too.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for growth if you work really hard

Cons: Poor work-life balance, very political (common for big companies), some teams are tough to be successful on because of dynamic and management
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience even at very entry level, high value on internal talent, opportunity to craft your career path

Cons: Long hours, lots of meetings, always have to be on your game, if you’re not particularly ambitious or serious about climbing the corporate ladder you will struggle
Advice: None
Pros: The people, mentors, a lot of room for growth and learning

Cons: Low salary, they should not have relocated our jobs to Florida
Advice: None
Pros: So well organized and managed AP Team. Room for growth if you show willingness. Great benefits and perks like employee discounts at company store. Really miss that till date.

Cons: Complicated structure; people move too frequent; unique company culture that may be an issue for mid career people joining from outside
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects; international mobility; good benefits

Cons: Below industry-average direct compensation.  Frustrating and unclear career roadmapping and promotion processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - flexible work arrangements, employee stock ownership, free goods, volunteer time, etc. etc.  Positive energy and atmosphere (at most locations).

Cons: Crazy workload, poor work/life balance, unreasonable goals, very political
Advice: Treat people well, not like pawns in a numbers game
Pros: 401k, pension, free goods, summer fridays

Cons: company has SAP in place but all processes are extremely manual and involve data entry. I have worked at start up companies that have more automation than L'Oreal.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits and office was nice

Cons: Slow growth, stressfull, constant miscommunication.
Advice: Manager(s) are actually great and really fight for their people.
Pros: Benefits, perks, possible transfer opportunities.

Cons: Work-life balance, usually long hours, difficult to transfer careers between structures. At times dealing with toxic and controlling management.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, sustainability goals, diversity, creativity, decent benefits and learning resources.

Cons: The culture is not for everyone. Very European (meeting oriented, running late, very fluid and sometimes harsh).
Advice: Continue to promote internal talent and take risks.
Pros: Amazing benefits, good company culture and strong talent across the company

Cons: Decision Making Process
Must have NY Office rotation to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Highly respected company that cares for employees. Fast paced company that is always on trend. Challenging with high expectations.

Cons: Not really much to share with regard to cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic people and teams.
Many opportunities to grow within a position or in other areas.

Cons: &lt;1% raise per year, simple projects, emotionally unstable workforce
Advice: Vet your employees for anger management!
Pros: Free merchandise and company store

Cons: They do not value junior talent. There is a very competitive culture that doesn't work with everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Great individuals to work with. Easy to move up.

Cons: Reporting to multiple managers, lack of alignment from management on roles &amp; responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to projects beyond scope of the position, dynamic environment

Cons: One-sided mobility, lack of diversity in upper management, lack of innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training, exposure to senior management, ability to take control of projects early on

Cons: Need to continue to provide more transparency on career paths and opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great support during current pandemic crisis - great benefits and resources

Cons: work life balance is not the best could improve a bit more
Advice: None
Pros: access to education, learn how to have strong deliverables, motivated people and environment

Cons: low pay and a lot of duties
Advice: well , be your self and do yourself
Pros: best team and so nice to everyone

Cons: companies values were upheld once now they are not
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, benefits and perks

Cons: Strict interview process, positions hard to find
Advice: Give better work life balance
Pros: Great pay, company car package, 401k, company raises, Professionalism

Cons: Very difficult to get promoted, slow processes,
Advice: They should have a clear vision and communicate efficiently.
Pros: Job Security, nice people, holidays, good work environment

Cons: Too much to do and not enough time
Advice: None
Pros: Safe Place to work and good job security

Cons: Fast paced work and expect puting extra hours to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to advance you career on multiple levels

Cons: Top heavy, Slow in innovating
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance, Creative and challenging

Cons: You end up spending more money to purchase employment discounted products
Advice: None
Pros: Free products, Multinational environment, Creative People

Cons: Can be a bit chaotic.
Advice: None
Pros: Company values diversity, inclusivity, creativity, and work-life balance

Cons: Highly fast paced, if you don’t thrive in this, you won’t be successful.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility
Growth and career development
Amazing talent

Cons: You need to enjoy working on a creative and decentralized environment
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is great at L'Oréal

Cons: Dog eat dog. Every man for themselves
Advice: None
Pros: Driven people, big company, free products

Cons: Large organization where it can be difficult to find the correct contact
Advice: None
Pros: Strong morals; Compliance oriented; Supportive of employees

Cons: Projects were often halted before launch
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of creative freedom and felt like I had a real impact

Cons: Limited US Locations to work at if your not in sales.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of opportunity to work on big projects.

Cons: Stressful and no work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and fast paced environment that keeps you on your toes.

Cons: Needs to pay more especially for those who are seasoned with experience
Advice: None
Pros: Met and worked with some great people

Cons: Lot of office politics that influence decisions and promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning chances, strong recruitment process

Cons: It used to be a good company before the French took over
Advice: None.. no fixing this company
Pros: It used to be a good company before the French took over... ability to move in to different positions but they will not pay

Cons: When new management comes in, your entire world changes...
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, recognition and the ability to grow.

Cons: They didnt give much vacation but it didnt matter because I was an intern
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, company culture, pays well

Cons: demands a high workload with poor benefits unless you are middle to upper mgmt.
Advice: None
Pros: Access to company stores at discount

Cons: they are too numerous to mention
Advice: None
Pros: ability to buy cosmetics inexpensively

Cons: Expect to work all the time, even sometimes on vacation
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks, free goods, beautiful office

Cons: No cons No cons No cons No cons
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility
Good Work/Life balance
Great event to network 
Very good work environment

Cons: Honestly there were no cons. I had the most amazing experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and good team work all around

Cons: Extremely political environment. Poor internal communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible growth opportunities and real hands-on experience

Cons: base pay is far too low for position
Advice: Needs to pay more
Pros: Benefits, paid time off, holiday pay

Cons: Work life balance is low, everything is the labs responsibility
Advice: None
Pros: On top of the trends

Cons: Cliquey - littler interaction between the different teams
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced environment and always had something to do

Cons: Terrible corporate management. Allows discrimination. My boss used the N-word several times while speaking to multiple employees and when I reported it to HR via email,which I still have, nothing was done. She kept her job and was eventually promoted.
Advice: Do better
Pros: Good benefits, good bonus incentive

Cons: 12 hour shifts, work life balance is kinda hard
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, Good overtime. Everyone very friendly

Cons: The salaries they pay are not good enough
Advice: None
Pros: Global, innovative, inspiring, fun, demending

Cons: long hours, and can be very hot during summer.
Advice: None
Pros: good staff and nice work place.

Cons: The brand originally slated to move to new location, then closed mid-transition.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, flexible work hours.

Cons: fast paced which might not be for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: lots of action going on

Cons: No problem it was great i loved itb
Advice: None
Pros: Best of the best can’t complain

Cons: tough work culture and very hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: amazing exposure for CPG and resume builder

Cons: Sales goals can be hit or miss
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to start your career

Cons: Long hours On some days others not so bad
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Pay is ok

Cons: Difficult to grow. They have these pep programs for Ivy League students. If you did not start in a pep program it is extremely difficult and nearly impossible to advance in a career that is not IT or finance.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent salary. Not many other pros

Cons: Horrible management and lack of trust
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits and product discounts

Cons: High Stress Environment
Bad work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of mobility
Good pay

Cons: Very fast-paced culture and enviroment
Advice: None
Pros: The best in the business marketing-wise

Cons: This is not what i Expected
Advice: None
Pros: This is really good i love it

Cons: None at the moment. Great place.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and ways of working

Cons: French management, low pay vs other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Free product, non hierarchical company

Cons: I don’t think there are any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful company To work for

Cons: I have no cons or complaints
Advice: None
Pros: They are very professional and amazing

Cons: No Cons for me for now
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people and great company

Cons: Lack of empathy across the organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, at least before Covid

Cons: Management was challenging to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Team was great to work with

Cons: No negative comments. Great place
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, good job

Cons: No cons to be mentioned
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company good work life balance

Cons: Work life balance is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Great people And great opportunities

Cons: Intense and stressful corporate culture
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing mentorship and networking opportunities

Cons: Long hours and competitive environment
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work with room to grow

Cons: Long hours that affect mental health
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and nice people

Cons: N/A No Cons Personally IMO
Advice: None
Pros: Driven Team, Amazing Creative Concepts

Cons: Customers can be rude sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: no growth plan for employees
Advice: None
Pros: there was a company store

Cons: Management doesn’t care about employees
Advice: None
Pros: The staff is great here

Cons: Most employees were definitely overworked.
Advice: None
Pros: It had good benefits to offer.

Cons: Horrible working conditions, not suitable for safe human work zone at all
Advice: None
Pros: Variety of food options during the day

Cons: Toxic culture, terrible management, bad salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing positive except maybe for the free products

Cons: Toxic culture and no life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and great benefits

Cons: If you want to learn the art of politics this is the place.
It’s full of people with big egos especially management at the top. If you’re not French or French speaking/understanding at least, your chances of climbing up is pretty much zero.
During meetings French management Are incredibly rude. We had a big meeting once and junior staff were explaining things and the bosses suddenly talked to each other in french and then laughed and said we made a decision and it’s bla bla. I mean how rude and condisending?

Who you know in the company and if you’re likeable also matters hugely. When you start out in the company your pretty much are expected to schmooze and build fake relationships. If you’re good enough at playing the game, you’ll go up.

Decisions can change in an instant and all your hard work is wasted without an explanation.

They also force you to come back to office even during the COVID outbreak saying it’s the culture of L’Oréal and you can build connections better bla bla. But the reality was that work was going on perfectly fine and things were getting done.
HR is pretty useless in this company and I feel a lack of humanity and empathy.

You’ll also encounter many incompetent individuals at the managerial roles and despite all the negative comments to HR, nothing changes.
Advice: None
Pros: -You’ll learn to be independent and push for something you believe in
-Staff sales and/or free beauty products

Cons: While you know you have Job security, if you're black that's all you have.
I work in their retail sector at one of the malls in South Africa, growth is limited, there are extreme limitations for a black/African to get a promotion if one has aspirations to work at the head offices. In the years I've spent working for them, I have observed that non-black individuals such as Indians and Whites no matter how less qualified they may be get opportunities compared to blacks, Black people are usually kept in the same position for years with no growth, like every other corporate you have to train the unqualified seniors that join the team. During this pandemic policies that apply to staff at HQ do not seem to apply at the retail level, HR is run by managers. safety precautions such as masks are not provided while HQ staff work from home and the go to the extent of pregnant retail staff keep going to work in high-risk zones. They would rather delegate responsibilities of a role that needs to be filled to existing staff than to hire or promote someone. Working hours are sometimes unrealistic especially in a pandemic when they don't consider the curfew. The management style is "Fear and intimidation" and they can go to the extent of making working conditions so difficult that they eventually resign. It's extremely toxic

As you read this you might think this is another rant about race but this is the truth. When you ignore all the other factors stated, I enjoy my job but the moment Interact with HQ management it takes the fun and drains everyone in the team.
Advice: Be fair, change your management style
Pros: Flexible but that's all I can that's I can think off

Cons: It's just a pity you can't rate zero stars...

They develop L'Oreal interns and grads that ultimately move up very quickly resulting in people in high profile roles that don't have any experience of working elsewhere, and know no better than the norm which is an awful, toxic culture and rubbish short term turnover strategy. 

Development within the company is based on who you know and networking, and not at all on your skills or accomplishments. 

Hours are 9-5 but comments will be made multiple times if you don't work above these, it's all about working hard at L'Oreall, and not smart. People stay until 8pm watching Match of the Day on their screens to be seen to be staying late, and being promoted as a result. Who has time to compete with that? It's 2020 God damn.

"Feedback" is massively encouraged through trainings but I've never met a worse bunch in giving it, and receiving it. HR are absolutely nowhere to be seen, apart from with management, which is a red flag in itself.
Advice: Focus on sell out strategies and rework targets to drive this, which will ultimately drive the sell in; short term pain for long term gain etc.

Last but not least, stop plugging important issues like work life balance, ethics etc until the company makes a change, it is massively disingenuous and a lot has to change before celebrating /plugging these issues is remotely acceptable.
Pros: Free products, occasional charity and staff sales. Nice canteen and the company that run it make an exceptional effort to provide variety which doesnt go unnoticed.

Cons: The culture is really bad. People scream and curse to each other on meetings and one have no autonomy, even in higher roles such as directors, as you need to do as you're told so. People work from 8h to 23h and that seems normal and expected. If you are a fresh undergrad and really competitive, it can be a great fit. However, if you have family, especially kids, it can be really tough. I suffered psychological harassment from direct management and when searched for help, HR said this person had already made it several times before, but when confronted last time, she said she was going to change. HR confessed having no authority to do anything. So I left and even so, had to hear that "I was going to lose the job of my dreams and I would regret for the rest of my life, and they wouldn't accept me back when I come running asking for my job again". I didn't.
Advice: None
Pros: Besides the great brands and lovely products, the people there is trying their best to thrive on a fast paced company with no guidelines, no clear processes and mostly top-down policy. There is a lot of benefits, such as extra paid time off, free courses and free products (although in my country there's no way to buy what you want with discount. Forget about it!).

Cons: - VERY organic, no structure whatsoever they like to call it "Organizational Chaos" and pretty proud of it. This company is for you if you are resilient, and can adapt to changes. This might be too much after a couple of years. 
- Highly competitive and it's hard to find work/life balance.
- Toxic work culture. Work culture is oriented to confrontation. If you don't like to be challenged and like to defend your ideas it might not be the place for you (I did like that)
- Nobody will tell you what and how to do something. You need to be highly proactive and get your way through people
- Above pay rate of the rest of multinationals. Other companies pay better.
Advice: The company has more than 100 years, and it needs structure in order to people not to be burnout. The amount of workload and the little pay makes your employees leads to a 100% assurance of a burnout.
Pros: - Work with amazing and iconic brands. If you are into cosmetics, you might enjoy it a lot. 
- Great company to learn about marketing. I can say this is the best company if you want to work and learn in Marketing. However, it's a really hands-on job. Very holistic job
- Easy to grow within the company (as long as you show results)
- A young organization, therefore I found long-lasting friendships

Cons: You will only get commission if you hit the sales target per month. If you don't, the basic pay is akin to getting paid peanuts. And the sales target only rises every month. 
Have to travel everywhere depending on which location you get dropped to.
Peer pressure. 
Not for anybody who's in for fast cash. You need passion, guts and a face made of steel for this job. It gets rewarding in the long run as you get more experienced.
Advice: Change your part time clock in system from a written one to a fully digitalised one. I hope you have already. Other than that, solid job.
Pros: Pretty cushy job as you are only required as a part timer to sell and introduce products to prospective clients. 
Supportive HR
Every location has a different type of customer and target audience, so you get to interact with all sorts of people.
Pretty high commission.
You get to use and sample the products.
You get training, and that helps to prepare for your work.

Cons: Many members of management are not great leaders
The vision is not always clear 
Can be slow to implement change on "must-haves" 
Base salaries not competitive and lack transparency to salary scale
HR does not work with you but against you to meet their own objectives and not the company's
Need to do a great deal with small budgets
Advice: Scratch the surface of your leadership team. Too much "smoke and mirrors" and lack of real substance
Provide more growth opportunities to your senior management. 
Align your HR team to company goals and department requirements. Make them listen to what is truly needed. Involve them more in the business to reduce making bad hiring decisions which affect team morale and company revenues.
More transparency from the top
Pros: Very entrepreneurial which allows you to learn a great deal
Lots of freedom to implement initiatives
Great offices and location
Many opportunities to move within the company
Access to great products
Many employee-focused benefits (work from home, discounts, benefits, pension)

Cons: Not so great on mapping processes, handovers, and hiring the best person for the job. Manager's skills vary a lot, so depending on which team you are at it can be great or not so much. They still don't have 360 reviews, which could help the company to find out how their managers perform. Be prepared for a lot of overtime, rather a hectic day time and never-ending changes. The HR team is not what can be expected from the company at that level. Quite a lot of people getting stressed out and sick.
Advice: Managed by example, be aware of stress levels at your teams and do something about it instead of talking about it. Less talking more action. Implement 360 to see how your managers are performing.
Pros: Great international and friendly environment. The best company if you like working in teams and have lots of professional colleagues. Work equipment and workplace top of the range. Very modern and new tech from building to equipment to leading style. Plenty of place for carrier and personal development which is a steep learning curve. It is a fast-changing company which is both good and bad.

Cons: - Middle management is a bit weak, most people seem to be promoted based on duration in the company
- Lack of empathy from management and HR 
- Salary in operations is not on par with other FMCG companies
- Long hours and weak IT systems. A lot of administrative work that may not exist in other companies due to the weak systems
- High turnover rates, which leads to the same problems and issues arising every year. Job gets repetitive after a while
Advice: Need to listen more to people on the ground and not disregard their advise and opinions.
Pros: - Employees generally treat each other with respect. You will make lifelong friends here. Culture is quite fun if you can fit in
- Opportunity to work overseas through expatriate/ mobility programs
- Development opportunities, although you need to perform well in your role to access these opportunities. If you are average/ below average, opportunities are limited
- Company is committed to ethics and sustainability
- Fringe benefits like free products and staff price

Cons: Certain brands can be very hierarchical, lack of work life balance, all bad jobs just get given to 'the intern', not very welcomed into the team. Work isn't appreciated only negative feedback given. Grad scheme is so hard to obtain and for a very specific type of person, making a lot of the successful people the same type. I would have had a much better experience if I was in a different brand and don't blame L’Oreal, but have a negative view on the brand and its General Manager.
Advice: Look into certain brands closer so you can see how the GM's in some brands aren't good leaders and their negative values and outlook feeds down into the company.
Pros: Good staff benefits of staff shop and friends and family sale and get to be a part of exciting opportunities

Cons: Culture managed by fear.  Threatening to fire people constantly...upper management is mostly made up of misogynist men with a few women on complete power trips.   While i worked there, my husband was diagnosed with cancer and no one even ever bothered to ask how i was doing for an entire year.  When I left, they tried to retain me with a counter offer.  My answer was: I don’t know what life holds for me....all I know is that I do want kids, and that my parents will most likely pass in the next few years, things will happen....I dont know what,  I only know one thing for sure, I don’t want to be here when it all happens.  ✌🏻
Advice: Care more about your people and it will come right back at you.
Pros: You can find some of the  most brilliant people here.  You can learn so much from a bunch of extremely smart people

Cons: Extremely cliquey culture depending which division you work in - much worse in some teams than others. Lots of contractors who have zero protection or benefits even after working for L’Oréal for 5-6 years, due to “lack of headcount” - a very unethical practise in my opinion which affected many people during COVID.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team ethos if you work in the right kind of department. Potential to grow and move into various roles if you have a good manager dedicated to your career progression. L’Oréal run many events throughout the year catering to awareness of different topics, and they are relatively good at taking employee feedback on board.

Cons: Does not always reward merit or loyalty
Weak Talent Management Or career progression processes 
Very very few opportunities to move to roles outside the country below Senior Leadership levels
Not the best pay-master in the industry
Not the best ecosystem to learn commercial processes as not a deep-distributed organization.
No processes to ensure parity or balance between grades basis job profile or experience. Majorly manually driven and Subjective on this front.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Marketing Ecosystem
Very Strong brands with global pedigree
Smaller organisation and hence tighter knit
Very strong focus on Ethics and Diversity
Not very rigid so easier to implement ideas or take decisions
Very good learning opportunity on top-of-pyramid channels like Modern Trade and Ecommerce

Cons: - The worst leadership team with unclear direction. They are aggressive and far from inspiring. 
- Toxic culture. Hilarious that rather than change the culture they just deny it and cover up the faults with dedicated weeks for D&amp;I, leadership etc. Yet they don't implement these core principles. 
- Motivation is based on fear rather than ambition. You can feel the tension in meetings. 
- Hierarchal and political. Be prepared to play the game. 
- Disrespectful and nasty employees
- Unforgiving and do not allow for mistakes
- Managers are clueless about managing. They need to be trained to support
- Thankless job
- There's always someone looking to throw you under a bus
- Bullying culture
- It's not about quality,  It's about making things look pretty and getting ahead
Advice: None
Pros: Find the amazing people who aren't 'L'Oréal' types. There are few, but hold on to them when you find them! They keep you sane. 

-

Cons: I first want to firmly that everything I say in here it's true. This is my experience working at the Montreal downtown office in 2018-2019:

Everyone has a feeling that something's "not right" with the work environment. The turnover rate is very high to begin with, and people working until 10pm is not unusual.

They talk openly about ethics and diversity but they don't practice what they preach. It's all just for show to attract young talent. They mostly hire straight out of college because they are inexperienced with how toxic work environments are and they usually put up with it.

I was pushed by a senior manager and HR to work the 10-plus-hour days without complaint. I tried to explain many times that it was detrimental to my mental health and my relationship at home but they defended the "L'Oreal culture" and said it had to do with the "competences" they wanted to see if I ever wanted to get a promotion. I remember feeling sad and depressed but they reprimanded me for not being grateful to be working there. As a disciplinary measure they extended my probation period and I wasn't eligible for a salary increase since then.

When a coworker found me crying in the bathroom she said "Don't worry, I have seen so many people crying here at L'oreal". We even have a term for it at the office: "Burnout Leave".

Besides that, I also witnessed strange incidents such as:

-Black female employees are the less likely to have their contracts renewed and many of them are "subcontractors" which means they get paid less than permanents and don't receive any benefits despite working in the same office.

-A female top manager had to take an extended medical leave after a very stressful period at work and when she came back she was already replaced by a male co-worker.

I worked here for two years and never felt it was safe to go to HR or management when I had issues.
Advice: Be more aware about the toxic environment, it encourages situations such as racism and discrimination to go unnoticed!
Pros: Discounted products at the boutique

Cons: unprofessional rsm ,
worked in loreal ppd , this wing is just ok
heavy work , moderate pay , just the brand name , absolutely nothing is interesting here

Training is a joke , if u are a bde ,, The attitude of buddies are intolerable , they think they bring the business ,repeating same bi heart classes again and again,they tend to think they are real professional trainer - 

altogether very boring ,, job becomes irritating because of the reason sales person has to also look the job of buddy barbers,nothing exciting
Advice: remove this r buddy system in ppd, it is a headache and nightmare for every sales guy, buddattitude is  intolerable , good people leaving due to unprofessional managers, 

all best to the brand , what a lovely incredible brand!!!!!
Pros: infratrcuture good
 Hr team is good ,., They are world class no doubt.good, Respected brand.

Cons: It was hard work in Big bazaar bcoz of their such rules but i m glad that i have passed those things nd make my self a part of Brand staff I can say proudly that i have been working in loreal since 2 years
Advice: I looking forword to good company where i can learn nd achieve my goals
Pros: You will learn so much, How we should stand how we should talk, how can we understand customer needs nd want, how can easily convert a shopper to consumer

Cons: Not all managers are yet aligned with the new way of leading teams
Obtaining bonuses depends on many criteria and the negotiation is not evident
Advice: Make sure that the group's values and action plans are understood and embodied before being shared by the managers, because not all of them are, unfortunately
Pros: Human enterprise permitting personal and professional expansion
The surpassing of oneself and one's job is encouraged and can lead to many projects
Overall, we can envisage a career in this group from the point of view of job, remuneration, social benefits but also in personal/professional training. 
The links between people are very strong

Cons: The company on the decline financially
Advice: The company cannot go far while making losses. Management needs to make the right decisions especially when it comes to sales and marketing, launches as well as fighting for market share. It also needs some consistency at the helm. 2 years for an MD is very little time. You need a strong local MD who can manage the interference from zone and Paris so that to create time and space for delivering results. Failure to this the company might shut its doors.
Pros: Exposure especially for young employees.

Cons: No career or development plans. You are being pushed to whatever job they can find, as long as it is hassle free for them. Some of my friends got even lower rank jobs (yet with the same salary) because "nothing else was available" at the time. 
Changing divisions is always challenging and almost impossible for people if you come from active cosmetics or worse, the professional products division. Top jobs often end up being given to CPD or Luxe employees. 
People who work their way up the corporate ladder are usually the ones that waited long enough and built the right connections, and avoided all the bullets. Performance reviews are a joke: you can demonstrate consistent performances year on year and still being left aside if you do not have sponsors. Darwinism at its best: if a top guy does not like you and you deliver a poor presentation just once, your career progression will come to a halt. I missed a promotion once for the sole reason that the head of the division "did not like me" although my track record was flawless and my line manager and the team leader both sponsored me. 
Still a lot of toxic managers too, some of them being clearly protected by top management. One HRD told me once that "X can't be removed because he/she is protected by the CEO". 
Most of the people getting promoted fit the same description. I can always tell who gets promoted in any team: the highly extroverted, self confident, risk taker, action oriented type. Don't try to be a strategic thinker in this company, or boast your "soft skills" or your 'inclusive" management style. What they like is the charismatic egocentric superman/woman type who can turnaround any situation on his own. 
They do try to change the corporate culture but the guys fostering it are the same guys who contributed to building what was deemed a toxic workplace 10 years ago.
The annual employee survey is now part of every manager's KPI: however,I have heard stories of teams being pressurized to deliver positive feedbacks in exchange of career advancement although this is hopefully rare. 
Finally, the learning in L'Oreal is not as good as the company claims: most of the training is now done online with random classes that are usually poor in content apart from a few MOOC that they advertise a lot. Personal development programs like coaching are reserved for senior management.
Advice: Build real career plans. Empower HR and stop promoting the same archetype of managers that thrive thanks to their networking abilities and interpersonal skills more than their actual performances.  Remove the passionate and emotional judgements from performance reviews with clear and objective KPI's. Change all the senior staff who built a toxic workplace and now slows down the cultural shift.
Pros: Great brands, lots of smart people, some of them being extremely friendly although they usually do not last long in the organization.

Cons: Little preparation for individual contributors becoming managers, what can impact the team during the years while the manager is building their people management skills. Many decisions, not necessarily big decisions, still need the final work from central headquarters in France, what can sometimes undermine efficiency and autonomy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, open-mindedness, innovative. In many ways, L'Oréal is what they call an "organic" company, where you build connections and work flows across departments, what makes work more efficient, reflecting your own way of working, to make things happen. Close interaction with different departments and divisions are also a great opportunity to learn.

Cons: You will not be able to leave and go Back to normal GT, if you are working in PPD devision of Loreal. (Keep that in Mind)
HR is just for names sake.
Every thing is under control of 3-4 senior level people, some times does not feel that its a MNC.
System and Process and not good and not even at Par with Locoal Organisations level.
Advice: Interdivisional Transfers should be done every 3 years.
Data should come to teams, as its usually flowing the wrong way always.
Authenticity of data is also a big concern.
Pros: Good Policies
Foreign Trips
On time salary
Good Growth Opportunity

Cons: Lack of opportunities to a permanent position in despatch leaving a great number of agency workers who've been working there for years in a situation of precarity with no benefits or career development prospects,
Some managers and supervisors can be quite arrogant, 
Constant performance expectations and reviews with a somewhat innacurate percentage based system resulting in a general sentiment of discontent and lack of morale.
Advice: Creating more opportunities for agency workers to a permanent position.
Pros: Good amount of hours (37.5 weekly),
Decent training provided,
Overall safe and tidy facilities,
Ongoing somewhat secure work.

Cons: While state management is really friendly and easy to approach, I found there was often a huge lack of communication and a lot of disorganization. Some of the managers had almost too much of a laid back attitude and there was sometimes a blurr between social &amp; business relationships. The counters can sometimes go for months without resources such as testers/samples with no explanation and it can be frowned upon for you to follow up yourself. If you have a permanent position higher management will generally look out for you a bit more but I found that casuals were often forgotten about/left in the dark about their hours/shifts. There were many times where there were problems with the roster and a few issues with payroll which could be very frustrating. The 'OneLuxe' approach is great in theory and did create a lot of support between the different teams within stores; however, it's way too much work for the state managers to handle on their own and  I think that's where the discrepancies in organisation and lack of communication came from.
Advice: State management shouldn't have to look after more than 2 brands otherwise it gets to be way too much for them and the employees and counters suffer because of it.
Pros: L'Oreal offers an excellent social aspect and a lot of quality training and experience in sales. The job perks are wonderful with free products and the management team is really friendly and easy to approach. If you are working here while studying its an excellent job, however, if you do want to pursue a career in beauty or management there are a lot of opportunities and room for progression. They also work hard to recognise staff achievements and the in-store events can be really fun when they are successful.

Cons: Unpaid overtime, no work/life balance, politics, low basic salaries, unrealistic sales targets/ no stock availability to hit targets, no stock handlers available in most stores resulting in back problems from carrying stock from the stockroom to the counter, no support from HR
Advice: Would be great to offer education opportunities to the employees to progress within the company. Salary increase should reflect the work of each employee rather than be based on annual inflation.
Pros: Great trainings, promotions in place if you work for it

Cons: Salary is low compared to the workload, and it almost doesn't change every year regardless of how well you perform. Middle management can be smart individuals, but doesn't mean they are able to lead a team.
Advice: Train excessively newly promoted managers on how to be team leaders and influence.
Pros: You are constantly exposed to so many influential people and organizations, you have the responsibility and oppurtinity to prove yourself and own your brand completely. 
A lot of perks like department and company parties, trainings &amp; employee discounts.

Cons: Il ritmo di lavoro è molto veloce, il che ti aiuta però ad avere un approccio più smart e ti insegna a gestire le situazione in condizioni di elevato stress.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oréal offre la possibilità di lavorare in modo integrato con le altre funzioni, di diventare esperto del settore e del ruolo ma anche di ampliare di conseguenza le proprie competenze su più fronti. E' un ambiente estremamente sfidante e stimolante che lascia molto spazio all'intraprendenza e offre dei piani di sviluppo ben strutturati per la crescita

Cons: Cant get anything done, its a French company so everything is run from France, Department structures are stuck in the past. 
No one says what should be said , only what others want to hear. More time doing work to show the person above you that you have done a good job, than actually doing any work that moves the company forward
Advice: None
Pros: Some nice people , no one really checks what you are doing

Cons: The company's rush and agitated rhythms contribute to create a fast moving work environment which sometimes lead the divisions into un-managed chaos. These moments are also fed by a strong hierarchical structure which slow down the teams short term actions.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company to learn thanks to extremely well-prepared and valuable individuals. L'Oréal seeks for excellence in all fields and will push you to perform with high standards in all your projects. This type of working method will let you grow pretty fast in a professional way.

Cons: If you cannot or unclear in work-life balance, you might want to think twice about R&amp;R before on-board.
Advice: Proving a clear expectation for management trainee would help mold a clear direction of learning to their trainee.
Pros: You will meet same minds who strive to win in business and fun in heart. Work hard, play harder. Vast opportunities to explore within firm. A fantastic place where people respect other rights and opinions. Management often gives a good feedback to improve employee, and drive them to seek acheivements.

Cons: not the right place for you if your are shy and rather an introvert
Advice: None
Pros: - gained valuable insights into the world of trade marketing managers with the possibility to attain networking events, promotional events etc. 
- networking is huge - you'll gain insights into the different departments, different positions etc. 
- you certainly do not feel like an intern if you prove that your capabale of the work you're expected to deliver

Cons: 6 days working for field staff
Weak IT infrastructure 
Growth is slow
Too much hierarchy 
Communication about company plans is passed on to field staff after long delays
Decision making takes time at all levels
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work culture
Respect for one &amp; all
Tremendous exposure &amp; working in alignment with marketing strategy &amp; sales planning
Concrete and diverse role with team handling experience, dealer management, market working, presentations, analysis, opportunities to share initiatives / suggestions
Supporting managers

Cons: Unless you join as part of the graduate program there are limited opportunities for personal development/progression, particularly if you are a specialist
There are some senior managers who are allowed to steamroller across their direct reports to point just shy of bullying
Advice: Your intentions and aspirations are admirable but actions speak louder than words
Pros: Genuine care for employees
Strive to be an employer of choice
Great benefits
Lack of women in most senior roles

Cons: Please, do not be bamboozled and fooled by the company propaganda plastered all over linkedin and career sites of the fake utopia they want you to believe in. Before accepting this internship at the DMI (Direct Marketing International) in Paris I was warned by professors that they dealt with students being exploited and worked like a slave - I should have listened they were right. If you are reading this I highly advise to work for another company in France. I have 10+ years work experience. I took this internship because I am a foreigner and it was apart of my masters to have an internship and complete it to graduate.   This is by far the worse job I have ever had in my 10 years working as an adult. Interns are exploited at this company. I came to France for better work life balance - haha I should have run away as soon as I got this offer. Plan on leaving the office at 7/8pm - and if you work from home, good luck they will abuse you like an animal. I was told as well as other interns to LIE on our time sheets about the amount of hours we worked because apparently they had a scandal a few years ago about over working interns - I AM HERE TO TELL YOU IT’S STILL HAPPENING and even during a pandemic. Everyone knows we work well past our contract hours - now we are just told to lie about it and WORK IN SECRET. Managers will play a psychological game to save their reputation to HR. They will tell you to go home in person with smiles and concern but in reality you know you cannot because they pushed 5 hours of work on you at 5pm so you end up either staying late at the office or taking your laptop home to finish. My contract said 35 hours, I was easily working 60 - 80 hours a week and sometimes finishing work on the weekend. You try and keep up with the endless demands of managers who will have you redo the same powerpoint 27 times (I am not over exaggerating this is how many times I reworked a powerpoint once that was just used for an internal meeting). The company culture is very hierarchical if you have a lower position you will be ignored or talked down to or most likely not even listened to.   I feel the company is getting away with abusing interns because most of the interns are young and do not have any previous work experience. Also no one reports the bad behavior because they are relying on their manager to recommend them in order to get hired. When I tried to speak up and say something to HR I was ignored and brushed aside and told to speak transparently with my manager who was regularly condescending, her constructive criticism on a powerpoint presentation I completed with another intern was “the beginning is pretty and the end is getting shitter and shitter.” Let’s just say she made the Devil Wears Prada look like a nice person.   Working here is only worth your time if you have an upper management position in this company. Working as an intern you are paid 1200 (1400 but 200 is taken out every month for taxes) and as a junior if you do get hired you will be getting paid 2200 per month and barley scraping by in Paris while you give your entire life to a company that doesn’t appreciate you - I wouldn’t recommend it. Also they will try and entice you to stay for 5 years because at the end of 5 years you have access to shares. All of my managers worked for the company for 5+ years and its the only thing they know in their working careers - I honestly pity them because they do not know that life can be so much better.   I wanted to quit this internship and I couldn’t I had to finish it in order to validate my masters - this is how it is done here in France. The company knows this. They know they own you for 6 months and you won’t be able to get out - my recommendation is don’t start -run away while you still can.
Advice: More accountability needs to be place on managers and how they treat interns. I contacted previous interns that also worked underneath the same female manager and they all had the same experience of bullying as me. 

For a company that plays the moral high ground of social justices, and humanity - basic humanity first starts with how you treat your employees.
Pros: - Discount on the company products
- Discount on food inside building
-Discount on public transportation pass
-Notice how everything is discounted, nothing is ever free at L'Oreal. Everything is a business - forget complimentary coffee (they charge for everything even if it is small they still charge)

Cons: Favouritism is shown left and right, staff is overloaded with work, slay and job competencies mismatch is present here. inefficient IT services.
Advice: Try retaining the good talent from good colleges, ERP, though costly needs to be implemented for better transparency during reporting, KPIs of employees need to be updated keeping entrepreneurial aspect in mind, processes are outdated.
Pros: The company capitalises it's brand image to the fullest.

Cons: Work balance is a challenge, and could be stressful for new young hires
Advice: With the new digital way of working, need to drive more work life balance
Pros: Passionate diverse people who love the brands
Open, transparent and inclusive culture 
Good integration conducted by the HR team
A employee centric company who thinks of people first
Good training ground

Cons: Quite many meetings but we try to keep it within office hours
Advice: Continue to practise the current culture, very people oriented, good job Loreal!
Pros: 1. People focus, very good culture
2. Agile - management willing to try and learn
3. Empowerment - each of the employee can be like a leader on what they do

Cons: - Systems are not well-updated
- Bad IT support
- Experience can vary based on which team you're in, as each division has a very distinctive environment &amp; culture
Advice: None
Pros: - Beautiful vision and mission
- Great ethics system
- Lots of activities for employees
- Many opportunities to try company's products
- Flexible, no complicated hierarchy

Cons: Very large and elaborate business structure, challenging to understand
For structure people: you need to build your own processes and way of working - create your own routine. It is actually an advantage but very structure people might find this disrupting
Advice: None
Pros: Very warm and welcoming atmosphere
Many learning opportunities in all possible fields
Quick learning curve
Home office possibility
Transparent communication

Cons: Management constantly changing, lack of training and guidance, company structure changes a lot. They expect you to know everything you need to know with minimal hands on training with you.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits like car, health insurance and profit sharing programs. Great work trips and fun parties. Lots of young people to work with.

Cons: Depending on your level of seniority, career development can be tricky if you are not open to relocate to other countries.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and company culture (has improved so much in the last few years). The company looks after their staff. Super pro-active on the sustainability front. Diversity, inclusion and flexibility are values promoted in the organisation.

Cons: Salary Vs workload
Lack of transparency on some topics (better these last few years though)
Sometimes too emotional in decision making process (tend to be better also these last years)
Advice: Prioritize/reorganize work or increase salary
Keep up the good work made on improving transparency
Stick to the facts for day to day business decisions
Pros: Autonomy
Good teamspirit
Nice conditions
Stimulating projects
Interesting career path

Cons: -once you land in your final position, there is a very short adjustment period, lack of support from HR
Advice: None
Pros: -good management trainee program, it is a rotation program so you get to experience many different departments
-global company, therefore it is recognized a lot
-a lot of discounts for staff sales, and free cosmetic products

Cons: Preaches respect and inclusion but does not live by it.
Very little support from UK teams
UKI HR leadership team do very little to support Dublin office
Advice: Live by the Culture values to enable employees more
Be more respectful about Irish office
Pros: Super team working in Dublin.
Great autonomy 
Good office location 
Good benefits

Cons: Sometimes u know what abilities you have and what’s your education and knowledge but they can ignore it coz wrong person sit in big place !
Advice: None
Pros: Being part of big luxury company , working with professionals, lots of staff discount for employees, growing in career

Cons: Management style
Salaries/bonuses after you entered the company almost not rising
To achieve new position you need to work on your's at least 1,5 years which is not the usual case in Poland
Advice: Adjusting to some local needs would be a good idea
Pros: Nice office,
A lot of opportunities

Cons: Big international company with strong expertise in business. Still, some operative procedures are not formulated good enough.
Advice: None
Pros: Working together facilitates idea generation and creativity.
Teamwork improves productivity and brings better business results.
Working in teams boosts employee morale and motivation.
Teamwork encourages taking healthy risks.
When we work together, we learn faster.
Teamwork relieves stress.

Cons: Major difference in career progression for old employees vs MTs.
More glamour, less learning.
Difference in ethics preached vs reality.
Advice: HRs should discuss with employees about their work culture and the current status at least once a month.
Pros: Great Brand Power, Best learning in terms of visibility execution.

Cons: People are so toxic, bosses are so condescending, too lazy to coach properly (“too busy” is not an excuse), just leaving you to fend for yourself and acting like you are stupid if you don’t understand anything. Dog eat dog culture.
Advice: Company brands itself as all about the people and culture but does not translate to day to day employee level. Employees don’t feel valued at all.
Pros: Company name is reputable in beauty industry

Cons: Each division has their own culture, so it's very hard to generalise. Generally, working hours are quite long. Environment could be toxic as the company is full of female employees...
Advice: None
Pros: If you encounter bosses who favour you, you will be able to climb up the career ladder much quicker.

Cons: The company culture is very competitive. Not a very friendly environement.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for if you want to progress in your career either within the company or Internationally as it is in pretty much all markets

Cons: - The worst professional experience I've ever had, working under a homophobic boss when 60% of men there are gay
- No career visibility, and many people there have been doing the same job for over 10 years
-  high school culture, if you are a misfit or a threat you are GONE
Advice: Join the 21st century, people are a capital not slaves
Pros: - The prestige
- Free goodies &amp; samples 
- The parties

Cons: Could get political and still has some weakness in digital sector
Advice: Build more structures within IT teams so that opportunities are clear
Pros: Relocation opportunity is always there, dynamic nature of work helps you to learn and grow

Cons: Too many layers of country, zone, DMI, HQ can make decision making process relatively slower than you expected.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal gives many job opportunities that you can grow intensively in short time, which can be good for the ambitious junior.

Cons: It is not for everyone. There is a competitive environment with lots of pressure.
Advice: None
Pros: You would be able to tap into all the business areas around your product category. One year in this role might be many years working for other companies.

Cons: - lack of evaluation
-no prospect of promotion
Advice: work fully-hearted
-fascinated with the beauty world

-goal oriented
-ready to contribute additional effort
-success story in a hard situation (Isobel) and how you solved it
Pros: - supportive team
- good work life balance
-corporate events
-intern introduction programme

Cons: - Disjointed year, had 3 line managers throughout the year
- Sometimes didn't get the guidance which I felt would have helped
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of training available
- Given genuine responsibility
- Lots of social opportunities
- Dress down Fridays
- Opportunity for agile working

Cons: No developing plans for employees, not even for talents. 
Really bad, uneducated and mostly not capable senior management. Minimum 10 working hours per day. Really incompetitive salary.
Advice: None
Pros: International company, meeting a lot of people, esucation

Cons: Having too many products may make the focus ineffective.
Advice: May have to adjust the timing of the product to suit the market and situation at that time.
Pros: Employees are aware of the annual work efficiency.

Cons: people do not come first, the numbers do. Long hours, tough meetings &amp; intense culture. Like your life depended on it
Advice: None
Pros: great brands, smart people &amp; fast paced change- make your own way and decisions

Cons: Pay &amp; Benefits could be better
Internal blockage rather than external
Difficult processes &amp; procedures
Advice: None
Pros: Get a good understanding of the whole beauty market
Working in a fast paced evironment
Work / Life Balance at a good level

Cons: can be disorganized, need to find your own way, highly competitive atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, lots of opportunities to learn, entrepreneurship highly valued, fast paced, good product perks, moving fast towards beauty tech

Cons: Stunning work requires long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Since L'Oreal has a young and open working environment, it's easy for employees to show their ownership on varies projects and receive a highly recognition after all the hard works.

Cons: Backstabbing culture, employees are in competition, crazy amount of unpaid hours and terrible for mental health
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and free products from time to time

Cons: Not a good working environment. Rude managers and overtime without special recognition.
Advice: Your managers need to be more emotionally intelligent. Your company is notorious for a reason.
Pros: Big name on CV that helps in further recruitment!

Cons: favouritism , no recognition, unfair appraisals
Advice: None
Pros: salary. will tie you by the golden hand cuffs of huge salary at the cost of your peace of mind.

Cons: May experience working OT often, especially before holidays when the industry is at its peak season.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture and attitude. Very motivated and passionate. Gives many opportunity to juniors to build experience.

Cons: one of the worst company i have seen in my life so far..please don't join this company
Advice: Poor Management 2. No Personal Life 3. No appreciation 4. you may get bashed for something can not be delivered by organisation
Pros: Nothing is best about this company ...Hi Every , if want to spoil your career then join this company ....Bloody Seniors are there in this company including Regional HR

Cons: Communication breakdown at higher management
Advice: Senior Managers are responsible for creating and sharing the systems that a business relies on to spread key information
Pros: Good learning ground and fast paced if you like

Cons: Hard to progress from account manager position due to current times in the market
Advice: Na
Pros: Luxury brand with high end fragrance, skincare and cosmetics
Staff shop with 60% off for all brands under loreal umbrella
Good salary

Cons: Same people can be quite cut-throat. Work life balance. Career progression (if you do not come in on Grad scheme.
Advice: None
Pros: Working with driven, passionate and talented people. Lots of free products.

Cons: Poor work-life balance - large amounts of work is expected to be completed on short notice
Advice: -
Pros: Great perks (especially if you're a full timer) 
Great food around the office
Very exciting for beauty enthusiasts

Cons: Zero openness to new ideas;
Cliquish atmosphere;
Too much attention to useless details while total lack of strategic insight;
Management talks about employee engagement but does not implement these actions. 
It’s beauty on the surface only, underneath the nice facade it’s quite ugly.
Advice: Don’t bring in employees from outside if you are unwilling to listen to them
Pros: Great portfolio of brands;
Beautiful offices;
Rigorous processes within financial reporting

Cons: Hard to move up the career ladder lots of sucking up to do
Advice: Norhung
Pros: Best company to work for provides you with opportunity for career growth

Cons: -A lot of operational work due to lack of labor
-Hard to climb the corporate ladder
Advice: None
Pros: -Flat organization
-Plenty of room of new ideas

Cons: I haven’t still found any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: The company embraces values which are very important for any professional these days: diversity, inclusion, employees development and many more.

Cons: High impractical pressure in a few months
Advice: Do check whether targets set are practically possible to achieve or not
Pros: Work-life balance, Perks, Strong processes &amp; values, professional

Cons: - is not the highest payer in the market
- fast paced
Advice: None
Pros: - helps if you are willing to stay in beauty
- less hierarchical than most local companies

Cons: There are no such ones
Advice: Build processes in details
Pros: Lots of things which yiu can implement

Cons: Takes time to make a change
Manual tasks
Advice: Workload should not be assumed and reviewed constantly as we acquire new brands.
Pros: Work from home
Young and friendly team
Staff shop

Cons: The balance between work and life depends on the team you are part of.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved the culture and values of this company. All employees are a team.

Cons: The salary could be higher.
Advice: None
Pros: There were many benefits like one product for free each month, flexible working schedule and paid free day (The first of January).

Cons: There is little progression, not much room for development as people in roles for a very long time.
Advice: None
Pros: In line salary, good benefits, very nice colleagues.

Cons: No growth opportunities 
Work is not valued over personal judgment of peers
No Human Resource support
Very political
Advice: None
Pros: Open work culture 
Global prospectives
Understanding multiple markets

Cons: Lot's of climbers, people gossip a lot, managers  micromanaging people, product roles are in essence marketing roles
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn traditional marketing and traditional corporate environment

Cons: Very very long hours, hardly any work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Stimulating projects and brads, talented coworkers, travel opportunities, great discount

Cons: deceptive HR
demanding managers
no work like balance
Advice: pls learn to take care of your staff. If you expect good people to join your team, then pay like your competitors. The culture is so toxic. So many people want to leave!
Pros: loads of product which is expired given to staff
good online learning program

Cons: Loreal do not employ partime staff only full time
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing training, working with top luxury brands, selling makeup, skincare, fragrances great experience gained

Cons: - challenging 
- fast pace working environment
Advice: None
Pros: - friendly and agile organizational culture.
- n+1 that really guide you.
- can really showcase your ability

Cons: Not very many opportunities to progress to levels of higher pay
Advice: None
Pros: Very considerate of staff and will always keep you within the company if possible

Cons: bad life quality, exceeding working hours, lack of processes, workload, definition of responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, infrastructure, career path, remuneration,

Cons: - lack of proper progression plan
Advice: None
Pros: - supports new ideas and risk taking
- results-driven approach

Cons: Too french culture. If you want to build a career you are obliged to move to France
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, young people, products, compensation

Cons: Far from MTR, poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit compared to other companies , Environment as new open office

Cons: No cons to be said
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Free cups of tea in the office. Nice people to work with

Cons: No cons what so ever
Advice: Keep up the outstanding support to your teams
Pros: They develop and coach all levels of staff to full potential.

Cons: Low salary, limited advancement opportunities
Advice: Invest more in people, make quality employees want to stay
Pros: Nice workplace, dynamic work environment

Cons: Non-negotiable base salary, experience can be varied depending on your manager
Advice: Make roles more similar and structured
Pros: Flexible working, good learning opportuntites and personal development

Cons: Slow career growth( concrete though)
Processes are slow
Extensive travel
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work culture
Supportive colleagues
Skilled managers
Effective mentoring
Tremendous exposure
High Importance for learning and development
Employees are valued

Cons: challenging environment to grow up the ladder
Advice: push beyond zone demands to effect the teams ideas
Pros: the best place to work and learn

Cons: Specific company cuture and extremely heavy workload, a lot of reporting
Advice: None
Pros: Great school, collegues of other departamens are best specialists of their field

Cons: Promotion does not happen that fast, sometimes it takes more than 3 years
Advice: None
Pros: Open culture 
Freedom to think and put forward your thoughts 
Flexible timings

Cons: Busy workload, so many last minute changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great people. Product allowance, 2pm finish on Friday's, good benefits like gym access, monthly massages

Cons: Can be quite process heavy and bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: The people and working environment is dynamic and fun. 
Great opportunities for growth and mobility.

Cons: The salary is lower than the market
Advice: Can have a higher pay rise to the employees
Pros: Flexible working hours and people are nice

Cons: Fast pace, lots of work and pressure.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast pace, dynamic, young generation very present, creativity is everything, learning in a short period.

Cons: - High hours of working
Advice: None
Pros: - Autonomy
- Best in class - a real marketing school
