Cons: Unorganized company. Horrible Management. HR should create standardized training for all positions... But that doesn't happen. Manipulative and unfair management where everyone is not treated the same. Lack of true diversity. Horrible culture. Just recently became "sales driven". With all the technology out there, this company is in the deep Stone Age. Resources are scarce. Employees on lower levels are not respected and excluded from a lot. No recognition if you're mid-level management. Have you seen the movie "Mean Girls?" Well, those exist at this company. Lots of sweet valley high cliques. Oh, and don't expect your manager or anyone to be honest with you about anything. They'll just talk behind your back on a separate conference call, then accuse you of something WITHOUT asking your side. Very unprofessional, caddy, manipulate and unethical company. Zero development. If you're not a favorite, you'll be excluded from everything.
Advice: HR... When a complaint is brought to your attention, make the employee feel like you're listening. Change the culture by appreciating your employees more and having honest conversations. Try developing someone for once! Recognize every level for their hard work. Send Happy holidays, birthday or work anniversary cards to your people.  Create more resources to win and ensure every new employee is welcomed and thoroughly trained. So many jobs overlap and it appears to be unorganized because three people are all doing the same job description. Make all descriptions CLEAR and FOCUSED so that never occurs. Give your employees more than $25 ($30 at expensive places like NY, Vegas, LA... OOOH $5 extra dollars) to eat on dinner when you make them travel and leave their families. Be FAIR and treat people the way you want to be treated.
Pros: Competitive Pay, great benefits, travel, and flexible hours.

Cons: It is a very political plant. They are really into favoritism. Management never seek to hear things from the employees point and how things work, they just expect you to get it done by X amount of time. Since acquired by L'Oreal, they have very strict rules on everything. They will not hire contract employees full time unless there is an open full-time position, but they don't have many positions available it is very little. Management along with HR don't really care too much about what the employees have to say or they don't really take care of their employees. They lack communication. They tell you there is always opportunities to grow in the business, but they tell you that to keep you around.
Advice: 1. You don't always know what you're talking about unless you experience it yourself on the floor.
2. Take employees voice into consideration and not just think about how management wants it.
3. Having employees be the eyes on other employees to get them in trouble is very unprofessional.
4. Communicate more with employees, not just who you are close with.
5. Give credits to those who deserve it. Don't take all the credit for what your employees have worked hard for.
Pros: It is very flexible. It was acquired by L'Oreal so we have Good benefit package. 401K, pension plan, medical, dental vision, and so forth. It is a bigger company now so other L'Oreal workers mainly gets hired onto Clarisonic. The pay is fair once you get hired on full-time.

Cons: extremely politic, very difficult to grow/move up the ladder, management doesn't care about employees (highest turn-over rate in the R&I).  The R&I in Clark, NJ is a place that plays politics everyday.  Don't get me wrong, everywhere you go is involving politics.  But it is wrong if management doesn't care and play a big part of it.  Employees got promoted not by achieving goals or discovering new methods or benefiting the company, but by playing politics.  It's so bad that even HR directors have favorites.  For instance, if she likes you, she will respond to your inquiries, and if not then it is just going down the drain.  This made the turn over rate in the R&I highest comparing to other places (manufacturing, corporate...).  I would not recommend this place if you want to learn, grow, and teamwork.   I would strongly recommend it if you just want a monthly paycheck, a stable job, and not care about others.  Don't believe me, try to talk to someone who works in the R&I (Clark, NJ).
Advice: you want more, you need to care about the employees more.  and sometimes it is not only about money.  you must know what employees want to motivate and create a more productive environment
Pros: stable job, median salary, health insurance

Cons: Always seemed like you needed a "French connection", a top 3 Ivy League degree, or have worked at Goldman or Google prior to garner special respect and move up the ladder quickly.  Extremely elitist company.  You must "look" the part as well.  Marketing environment is a very competitive, tournament theory environment.  Long hours, limited work-life balance in the New York locations, much better if you work at the New Jersey campus.  Pay is average for the industry.  A great place to work and gain experience in your 20's to early 30's, not sure beyond that as pace is frenetic, but never boring!
Advice: Keep the high standards, wish you continued success!
Pros: Excellent culture of development with top notch training programs, as they are passionate about "talent", stretch assignments, above average people managers who encourage personal development, tuition reimbursement, international assignments, work with extremely talented people from all over the world, products and brand are iconic and known globally, marketers are top notch, experience here is good for career growth and looks good on the resume, excellent place to launch your career (post UG or MBA), especially in brand marketing, great product perks.

Cons: French management overly involved, many useless meetings with management that are not driving the P&L.  If you have one of the HR people who is more into their own self promotion and sorority-clique status, you are in trouble. This company is all about hard work, which is fine, but the upside is missing.  Employees don't receive pay for performance or even explanations about what their future could hold...time to really think about whether employee retention matters.
Advice: Focus on better employee rewards for performance.  While the workforce is female,where is the female management?  Even in non-P&L positions there is a lack of diversity.
Pros: Innovation machine, bright people, hard workers.  Management is good, products are fantastic. If you want to take ownership and bring things to life, anything is possible at L'Oreal.  There are a lot of truly dynamic thinkers.  No one is afraid of taking risks on new ideas.

Cons: - They work you to the bone and then some
- Top heavy
- American workers seen as contributing to the bottom line but not necessarily the creative vision
- Frustrating, projects get mishandled, changed or dropped at the eleventh hour and you are expected to stay and redo everything overnight or on weekends
- (Some) management wants to make a splash and move onto another division so long-term vision can waver and credit is rarely given to the workers
- Salary is below average
Advice: - Listen to employees feedback and act on it.  There was a worldwide employee survey I'm sure they spent lots of money on but no one believed things would change as a result.
Pros: - Plenty of internal growth opportunities
- Excellent benefits
- Fun perks: travel, free goods, events
- Good products you can believe in
- Smart coworkers who take pride in their work

Cons: In order to succeed here, you need to fit into the "L'Oreal mold". That is someone who is passionate about beauty and fashion, major type A personality, organized, and willing to sacrifice work-life balance for the company.

A lot of fakeness - HR lying to your face about your performance, the world-wide CEO acting like he cares about sustainability and work-life balance... The US CEO is practically anti-work-life balance. As soon as Roze arrived, L'Oreal USA had its first layoff ever in the history of the company. His policies on cutting headcount are ridiculous - you can't grow a brand with a one-person marketing team.
Advice: Hire more people. There's "lean" and there's unrealistic. L'Oreal's headcount situation falls into the latter. Plan ahead, plan less meaningless meetings, don't expect your team to stay late or work on weekends.
Pros: Good benefits, some interesting projects if you're lucky enough to be put on an interesting or cool brand. Lots of entrepreneurial opportunities - you can treat the business like it's your own (except you have to answer to like 20 French people above you).

Cons: I was spread so thin and upper management was spread so thin there is literally zero work life balance.  They work you to the bone and take everything you have without giving you much in return.  Communication is sparse and authenticity rare.
Advice: People work for people.  It's obvious the individuals who are there that don't like what they are doing.  If they are in upper management and responsible for motivating and leading a core group of individuals and they don't do that then replace them.   It becomes exhausting, defeating, and discouraging over time to keep giving 110% when you don't have the proper leadership keeping you going.
Pros: The pay was decent and the opportunities for growth are nice.  I really liked my actual job that I was doing.  It was rewarding with the people I personally was working with.  I am also a glass half full kind of person so I stayed focused on the work and not all of the other stuff.

Cons: This place is a classic example of a hamster wheel.  You keep working harder and harder, with nothing to show for it but bags under your eyes from working 12-14 hour days. Salaries are 30% below market rate, absolutely abysmal compensation packages. Management is completely incompetent, they like to look good to senior management, and take credit for other people's work. The turnover is ridiculous! People are quitting every few weeks.
Advice: Step up and get your hands dirty. Stop delegating all the work while you sit back in your cushy office. NEWS FLASH: your employees are job hunting in their cubicles because they hate working for L'Oreal. Show some real leadership skills, and stop throwing people under the bus. Create an actual development plan so that people can actually have an idea about what they can aspire to if they're silly enough to stick it out with this joke of a company.
Pros: Benefits package is generous
Looks good on your resume
Lots of paid company holidays
Free products and great product discounts

Cons: I work in the Research & Innovation (R&I) and this site is extremely politics.  Every where is politics, but this place is the worst you can ever imagine.  You don't get promoted for your contribution, but politics.  It has the highest turn-over rate compared to Manufacturing, Corporate.. and sadly management and HR just don't care.  Be careful when you do an outstanding job-  Normally it would be promotion right? WRONG, when you are too good at what you are doing, management will keep you in that position because who can perform like you if you are promoted?  Just talk to others who work in the R&I and see if what I say is wrong.  HR at the R&I site is really a joke.. They just look "pretty" with titles like directors, managers, and are completely useless.
Advice: many suggestions were given to management and nothing changed so why bother?
Pros: stable job, decent health insurance

Cons: There is a much higher focus on getting new, fresh-out-of-school hires than retaining current staff.  Once you pass your 90 day mark you do not hear from HR again.  Employee satisfaction did not seem to be important.  They are following the typical "more work with the same or less # of employees" model, which is frustrating.
Advice: You will save $$ in the long run by analyzing your growth and resizing departments.  Most departments need 1 or 2 more headcount to account for the recent acquisitions.
Pros: Loreal is one of the last large corporations I'm aware of that still offers pension, matched 401k, they just started offering paternity leave. There are some great people and some not so great, but my team was very solid.  Work is never difficult but there's always something to do.

Cons: Some of the branches are very strict and have no union to help employees. Would still be working there but the branch i worked for which was in Clark N.J. moved out of the country to Mexico, and I was laid off.
Advice: None
Pros: They pay very good. They hire with in the company first then outside. It is a very good company to work for, fair in their treatment of their employees. The Company gave parties and bonuses at the end of year. Always telling us of new product launches keeping us involved one way or another of the launches. Giving us free products, and other things like jackets with their name on it t-shirts to help launch new products, and things to help in our personal lives like bringing a dermatologist into the company to check out any employee that wanted it.

Cons: Work/life balance can be challenging; and as I benchmarked myself against colleagues with similar education and work experience, I found I am not being paid what I'm worth. Senior management can be very tough to work with, as there are several difficult personalities that make you wonder how they were able to excel in the company.
Advice: Foster an environment where poor attitudes from senior management is discouraged. Pay employees what they are worth if you want to retain talent long term.
Pros: There are great opportunities to grow and learn within the company, it is very much dependent on networking, and having key people in senior management go to bat for you. There are many company holidays and perks, and the name alone makes you very proud to work for the company.

Cons: Lack of clear expectations communicated by management makes daily work a guessing game. Success in the program depends largely on being lucky enough to be placed with an experienced and competent manager. 

Its a huge established cog company, so processes are somewhat archaic and more innovative marketing practices are rejected. Seemed very behind on digital marketing practices and I question how this will affect the business ten years down the line. 

Not a culture that promotes intelligent self starters. Success here appeared to be largely a popularity contest, where the judges were highly bubbly ex sorority girls from bottom feeder universities. Found it to be highly cliquey, although with some good people as well.
Advice: More transparency about expectations is needed between managers and interns
Pros: Fun and engaging events for interns. Chance to meet upper management. Free beauty products and discounts at company store. Given work that is atleast somewhat tied to the business.

Cons: Your workload has a tendency to get very heavy the better you perform.
Raises prior to becoming a manger are insignificant 
While it won't be directly said, being french is definitely a plus
Marketing rules the world and you will know that pretty quickly as you better become good at CYA
Advancement is ultimately in the hands of 3 levels above you who don't interact with you day to day.  I
Advice: None
Pros: The people in their positions that have been their a while have a wealth of technical and work experience to share
You are given a workload that is difficult to manage, but gives you experience that you rarely receive elsewhere in that time period
You are given autonomy for your projects until something goes wrong
the amount of holidays and work from home days are very helpful
Benefits are very good

Cons: slow to promote (saw qualified people being passed up for promotions for no reason), ridiculously long hours (14hrs a day on the regular), micro managing bosses (VPs had to approve and review every little item), poor attitudes all around (not sure why anyone stayed there-they all seemed to hate it), complete lack of autonomy, no transparency and lots of secrets between cross functionals, lots of focus on placing blame rather than moving on and solving the issue, long nights spent updating 800 page decks (of which only 4 slides would be presented). Overall terrible experience
Advice: give your employees more autonomy-they are smart qualified individuals and should have some power to make decisions. show recognition for wins and successes-constantly overlooking these things leads to low job satisfaction. Allow your employees to use their benefits-it was awful having to make excuses to actually leave on time for summer fridays or use your work from home benefits.
Pros: free makeup, invites to cool parties

Cons: Very heavy meeting culture, very strong involvement from Paris, not a lot of empowerment at lower levels unless you work on a small brand.  Hours can be very long and culture can be unpleasant - really depends on the brand you work on and the management.  Talent and dedication not always rewarded.
Advice: Cut down on the meetings and delegate more to the teams.  Better work life balance.
Pros: Great brands.  Lots of opportunity for internal movement as they own 30 or so brands, most based in NY but also opportunities in California, overseas and elsewhere.  Passionate about beauty.  Biggest beauty company in the world.    Good company discounts so you can hook up all your female friends with product.

Cons: Mean Girls meets The Devil Wears Prada meets the most cliquey part of your Middle School lunchroom. If you're in, it is cutthroat to stay there--people say and do things you thought were only in the movies. And if you aren't in, well, its time to start looking for something else, there's a long line of folks waiting to take your place. 
Crying is part of most people's weeks--if they have time.
Advice: You can't give advice to management. What are you crazy?
Pros: Great brands. Good place to have on your resume. If you are part of the in-crowd budgets and access are incredible..

Cons: Culture is very blame-centric: the first question asked is not "What is the root cause?" it's always "Whose fault is it?".  All positions are paid well under area and industry average.  High turnover.  People are moved based on positions needing filling, not career path nor consent.  Management does not support direct reports; it's a "classic dynamic" of management doing little, delegating everything, taking credit, and pointing blame.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced, always engaged, never boring, lack of prior experience does not deter from moving into a new position.  The "blame game", "if you aren't sprinting your losing", continuous firefighting culture fosters some of the best comradery and friendships amongst colleagues.

Cons: Depending on for which team you work for there might be a lot of pressure and really high expectations, which I personally don't mind but for some people this might not be the right environment to work in.
Advice: Reward interns for their hard work. Communicate goals and achievement more clearly for motivation. Interact more with interns. However, in general I have to say that I was very satisfied with the Management team at L'Oréal.
Pros: Very dynamic company. Great learning experience. Interns get a lot of responsibility and autonomy, which increases learning. Besides, everyone is very friendly and helpful not just within teams but also beyond brands and sectors.

Cons: You will work (and I dont exaggerate), 70 hours a week. I often left my office at midnight only to have my crazy boss email me while I was headed home. Management doesn't care. They only fear Paris leadership. Everyone else are nobody's in their eyes. I left after a short time. Every recruiter I told my story laughed and said I must have been the only one not to know how bad the culture is there. Sad that it's accepted by everyone.
Advice: Respect your employees. Your business is being taken away by you know who... Earnings are already showing it.
Pros: The name. Outsiders love it when you send your resume out. It's all smoke and mirrors. Use it to get your next job. Then again, nothing is worth the abuse...

Cons: Work life balance can be hard if you are not used to a challenging atmosphere, and it is challenging. Sometimes you don't have the resources, sometimes you don't have the buy in from people you need, but you always push through and deliver. Achieving excellence is core to how we work and it is expected out of everyone in every level and function.
Advice: Continue to promote managers that encourage feedback and collaboration.
Pros: Lots of freedom in work, and innovative ideas are always welcome, tons of product & awesome benefits ($25 a month gyms), great people, CSR commitments (look up Share & Care). 
If you are a high performer and are motivated to switch functions, brands, or locations you can make that happen. There are lots of opportunities to go beyond your role.

Cons: It's an American outpost of a very French company so you need to join the company with a desire to navigate the subtle and sometimes overt cultural differences and language barriers that can pop up.
Advice: Continue to modernize and Americanize the company.
Pros: L'Oreal USA is full of passionate and creative people working at the top of their game. It's a place where you can quickly make your mark. If you have a good idea, you are given authority to run with it. Opportunities to work on a global stage are a big attraction. L'Oreal is a company that invests in and empowers individuals. It is always striving to innovate at every level of the company.,

Cons: Bad work-life balance. A lot of operational constraints which hinders efficiency. If you are not a management trainee entry-level employee, well, chances are you would hardly get career advancement no matter how long you stay with the company.
Advice: Please try harder to understand entry-level employees' thoughts about the company and their anticipation for their career. Entry-level employees contribute a lot more than you think they did. And please please please include BA into L'Oreal headcount.
Pros: You get to contribute a lot in a very short period of time. The fast-paced environment accelerates the learning curve. If you are a management trainee, then congratulations, you have a bright future lying ahead of you.

Cons: Exhausting- will burn you out 
People start at 8:30am and leave no earlier than 7:00pm
SInk or swim culture- you need to learn fast or sink and training is very limited
Culture- senior management will barely speak a word to entry level employees 
Everything is urgent and everyone is in a panic
Everyone is disposable- extremely high turnover rate
Advice: Invest much more in your entry level employees because they "carry" the  heaviest burdens of the organization
Pros: the brand name will positively resonate on resume

Cons: Long hours due to multiple changes in direction or simply iterations and many many meetings.  There are meetings to prepare for the meeting that is preparing for the meeting.
Advice: Do not allow a culture where it is ok to treat team members badly.  Many managers are only focused on their own growth and not that of their team members.  And actually most managers are not properly prepared to manage a team.
Pros: Large organization with many brands so a wider opportunity for growth.  Opportunity to move up fast in organization if skill set warrants to progression.

Cons: Long hours (regularly working 80-100 hrs a week). Our team experienced an extraordinarily high rate of turnover, I watched people who had worked at the company for over 5 years walk out the door and never return. There are minimal discussions about personal growth and transitioning roles.
Advice: Respect the talent that you have. There is a seemingly endless supply of potential new employees, but the gaps during transitions and constant loss of knowledge hurts smooth management of the business.
Pros: As a global brand manager, it is a truly cross functional role. You will get to work with other international marketing managers, packaging teams, research & development, creative teams and 3rd party agencies. It is an all encompassing marketing / brand management role, with ownership and responsibilities management of multiple products from start to finish.

Cons: Promotions are hard to come by if you are a field employee who is not willing to more. Work life balance can be difficult as everything is urgent and important and it never stops!!
Advice: None
Pros: The company is filled with talented people. You will work really hard, but you will grow and learn a lot. The pace is very quick, so if you are not organized, don't have a strong work ethic or don't want to long hours you will not be happy here. That being said, the company allows you to bring ideas to the table and run with them to see if they will work. Great company. I love working here.

Cons: Long hours, several projects at once with unrealistic timelines, marketing changes minds all the time and management does not care. Raises are 2% when you exceed! 1.5% when you meet expectations. Why work so hard then?
Advice: Push back on marketing for feasible timelines. True salary increases based on tru performance
Pros: 401k, benefits, profit sharing, company store, and community service opportunities

Cons: Work life balance. Part time job without penalty of losing benefits a huge point of dissatisfaction. Work from home policy and flexible options in the stone age. Lack of clarity re: future progression and movement into next roles a big negative.
Advice: Improve flexibility options for working remotely. Work life balance still a huge opportunity for L'Oreal. Need for greater clarity on promotions, leadership opportunities and promotions!
Pros: People, people, people. Creative company with great passion. Room to be who you are. Room to fail and you are still valued.

Cons: Long work hour, unorganized, missing breaks, ackward laboratory enviroemt, favoritism, Manager is very partial, I would recommend stay away If you are looking for better opportunity, work life balance is worst.
Advice: They should focus on quality laboratory how chemist work, Too much work pressure and not able to take any breaks except 30 min lunch breaks, no appreciations, they don't have proper training programs for new comers. It is totally mess. I would seriously request ma agent to look in this.
Pros: pay may be , employee certificate gift.

Cons: Forget about any work/life balance in certain departments.  You will work day and night and many weekends, especially every month end.
Advice: Create realistic expectations to facilitate a reasonable work/life balance for all employees.
Pros: Great people to work with.  Great benefits, including a pension which is almost extinct these days, and generous holidays and vacation time (when you can use them).  Decent salary and bonus, depending on who's your manager.  If you're always willing and able to relocate, and work day and night, you'll have more job security and can probably climb the corporate ladder too.

Cons: A) Drama Heavy, a little too Devil wears Prada at times
B) Too many diva executives who don't own the consequences of the risks they take
C) Some managers who get away with treating people in an inappropriate way
Advice: Be more fact based and less accepting of emotional management.  Stay flexible and fabulous, reward passion without bullies and immapropriate managers being allowed to run rampant.
Pros: A) Lots of great people
B) Cool products
C) Lots of exciting things to work on
D) Creative people all over to work with

Cons: No CRM made it hard to communicate client notes with my inside sales teammate.
Advice: Remember to have fun and what it took to make the company successful in the first place.
Pros: A fun team of employees always willing to go the extra mile to help customers and the company succeed. Field management and leadership seemed to appreciate the hard work we put forth all year especially during the heavy client event seasons. Trade shows were a lot of fun getting to reconnect with colleagues from across the country and meeting new and existing customers.

Cons: Fast paced, hectic, lack of transparency between departments, work/life balance is poor (even though hr likes to say the company loves to support all your passions).

Depending on the position, hours can be long, and learning takes place on the job. If you have other interests or need more one on one time to learn, this place nay ne difficult.
Advice: An actual training period, more staff in departments to lighten load, better work/life balance
Pros: Learn a lot about the industry, you sometimes get the chance to see upper management at work.

Benefits and compensation are very good for entey level

Cons: There is no work life balance. Expect to work a minimum of 10 hours a day ( with really no time for lunch).
The work load is often times unrealistic, especially with the short deadlines.
Due to the high stress environment you can expect snappy and often moody attitudes from upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: As an intern you are given real responsibilities and are very much an important member of the team.
You will learn so much and have a hands on exposure to many aspects of the business.

Cons: Many in the New York headquarters regard the New Jersey satellite headquarters as "those people out in the boonies" and carry that attitude in their decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues, everyone is very friendly, good direct management, company provides excellent benefits including an employee shuttle to NY satellite HQ in New Jersey, abiltity to work from home when needed plus yearly bonus and profit sharing

Cons: Lack of upward movement within certain accounts. TV retail is rather new within the Lancôme organization and needs to be tended to a bit more in terms of growth and part of the digital strategy for the company.
Advice: Take more time to understand and develop your assistant managers and managers.
Pros: The experience, responsibilities, and creativity you are able to exercise at such a young stage in your career.

Cons: Work/life balance is non-existent. Lots of difficult personalities. The office space is terrible and dated. The culture is very corporate and not nimble. The organizational structure is VERY top heavy.
Advice: Consider more modern management practices.
Pros: L'Oreal is a true resume builder. You work on the some of the biggest beauty brands in the world with highly visible products and campaigns. It is a great place to learn and grow. The pay is also good.

Cons: Work-life balance can be better. Can offer better commuting options to employees.
Advice: Help drive your employees career path. Support their wishes and give them the exposure to grow.
Pros: This company gives you the opportunity to take an idea and run with it. You can take on projects that interest you and really make them yours while growing them to benefit the business. Being vocal about your interests will help you know who to reach out to and learn from.

Cons: Not very much upward mobility for my position.  Communication  between departments was lacking and there was a lot of the blame game going.
Advice: Better communication policies  would have been great.  Alot more problem solving instead of wasting energy on trying to place blame.  Needed more team building.
Pros: Was a great company to work for. Excellent  benifits.  Great training seminars across all skills.  Also very safety orientated with good safety training

Cons: Work life balance is an ongoing issue. Sometimes directions are so top-down, you wonder if management really listens to its constituents. The programs are there to support your personal life, but then you wonder if the culture reflects the same disposition.
Advice: Have more agile ways of listening to your employees.
Pros: You can take control of your career, especially if you network with the right people.

Cons: Politics runs the place
No value for an intelligent engineer
Lazy upper management
Advice: This is a great place to start working if you know how to suck up to people. It's the only way you can move up the ranks.
Pros: Decent pay
Company discount
A lot of manufacturing exposure

Cons: Unappreciative of dedication and work
Hard to move up without knowing the right person or sucking up
Underpaid compared to other companies in the same industry
Very confident and cocky can come off as arrogant
Very clickish
Advice: Listen to former employers. The exit interviews are done for a reason (that's if everyone gets one).
Pros: Benefits
Experience
Training
Fast paced and technical advanced
Great competitor

Cons: Company moves very slow and struggles with making a decision. Often projects are reworked over and over again, causing intense pressure on the organization to meet deadlines. Also, but most importantly, the company is very siloed with functions. Everyone thinks they control something and very hard to understand who's the clear leader.
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands with exceptional equity. This company has mastered the art of telling a compelling story within the beauty industry

Cons: Operating at that level of intensity on a daily basis leads to a fast burnout. Late nights are not more common than not and there isn't much thanks for your hard work.
Advice: None
Pros: You are working with the big boys. You are learning how to think big and think fast.
If you can succeed here you will succeed everywhere.

Cons: - Office politics can get in the way of actual work
- Large focus placed on rank within the organization. Management can often be cold to someone that just wants to talk.
Advice: Being more open and upfront about expectations. Recognize people by work quality rather than rank.
Pros: - Demanding, hands-on environment with an emphasis on results. 
- An always busy environment with a lot going on at once

Cons: L'Oreal requires you to "drink to Koolaid." This is not a company for a person with independent though. If you are a drone this will be a perfect fit for you.
Advice: Keep you skilled sales talent. The constant turn over hurts your customer base and the perception that L'Oreal is a good company to partner with.
Pros: Large organization with potential to move up through different divisions.

Cons: Bad pay, no benefits, not included in all company-wide events, like full-time salaried employees, no paid vacation, personal time, or sick leave; no established system in place for contract employees to seek permanent employment.
Advice: Include contract L'Oreal staff members in ALL events; pay some vacation, sick & personal time; create systems and opportunities for contract employees to become permanent.
Pros: Great team atmosphere (but I've heard it's not indicative of all departments in the company)

Cons: You might think a multi-billionaire dollar company has all the perks, but looks can be deceiving. Horrible work and family life balance. Sometimes i didn't get home to my kids till late in the evening. There's a demand for work to be done but no recognition and you are expected to work late without overtime (managers get bonuses...not the rest of us and managers barely do anything) There's a huge turnover rate because there are much better opportunities out there and the employees know this too - they just get too comfortable and deal with it and are too lazy to look elsewhere, especially the women who are obsessed with free makeup goods. People try to kiss you know what to work their way up the ladder, its disgusting. There are some people who are workaholics and others who don't do work at all and just chitchat away in their offices for half a day while others work their brains off. There's definite favoritism in the office amongst managers, temps get treated lower than interns and are barely recognized for their work. I can't tell you how many of my coworkers (temps) got treated badly, they don't receive any benefits remotely and are forced to do a lot of the work even though they are paid significantly less and do the same work as regular employees. Treat your people equally and fairly if they are doing the work you requested of them. Those in managerial and senior positions are lazy and try to shove work in our direction. If only corporate knew about half the stuff that went on here, there would be definite investigations
Advice: Try to observe what goes on in the office and demote/fire people who don't add any value - there are people who are there for the sake of play and not work, and you are wasting money on them. You also wouldn't have a huge turnover rate if you listened to the needs of your employees. when i was in the office last year, i was astounded at how many people were unhappy and were actively looking elsewhere for a job. When people left, and replacements were hired, within a few weeks the replacements were looking elsewhere. You promise gold but when people realize you got nothing to offer but bronze, well, you're the ones looking bad.
Pros: -Awesome products at a discount at the company store
-diverse staff
-knowledgeable people
-Good benefits

Cons: - Internship is a much much different experience than working there full-time
- Work/life balance (expect to stay until at least 9/10 pm and work on weekends)
- Office politics/culture (L'Oreal has its reputation for a reason..insanely cutthroat and catty)
- Inefficient workflow process 
- Terrible upper management and talent development
- Notoriously horrible turnover
- Pay is ~$10-20k lower than other entry level positions.
Advice: None
Pros: - 50% off at company store
- $80 in "free goods" to spend every other month at company store
- Able to work with some of the most exciting brands in beauty
- Lots of responsibility right from the beginning

Cons: Owned by L'Oréal.   Very low pay.  Bad management that doesn't  follows the rules they invented.  HR doesn't do anything a kiosk couldn't do. Upper management bonus for having a bad attitude and lack of a personality . Sexual harassment is ok at L'Oréal, even if you complain about it.
Advice: Quit
Pros: Most parts come from China but assembled in Washington. The people are friendly until you meet the upper working class that came in from L'OREAL.  If you like the .25 cents a year wage increase L'Oreal is the place for you.

Cons: i don't have any cons for the company t this point maybe that it is so structured it can maybe be sometimes difficult to shift things within but haven't yet experienced it
Advice: None
Pros: amazing mentors facilities and mentoring programs and managers investing in your career and want you to grow; super professional; nurturing environment; global oriented - i love the company

Cons: its tactful to flow with the changes impact of users which can sometimes  be very stressful.
Advice: i would like to recommend this company to a friend i am optimistic about the outlook.
Pros: Loreal U S A is a global renowned company. It is a number 1 cosmetic company in worldwide. Growing company, lots of users, high impact work, love my coworkers. its a product that is changing the world.

Cons: Purchased by L'Oreal.  Because of the sheer size of L'Oreal  there is a certain level of rigidity in their processes.  This is understandable but you must bend to their way.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: Good people, interesting company.  This company has a very bright future and a great product.  There is tremendous career potential due to being part of L'Oreal.

Cons: The company expects endless work and never is satisfied. You can work yourself until you burn out.
Advice: Too many meetings- need to institute a no-meeting day!
Pros: The people around you are all equally dedicated to the success of the brand- it's motivating to work amongst people who are as driven as you.

Cons: Very poor training, its certainly sink or swim. The french culture wants you to define your own boundaries, thus, don't expect a job description, by design they don't exist.
Advice: None
Pros: European benefits (good vacation, medical, pension, car, etc)
Autonomy in role
Free products galore
A non PC environment
I will mention that my experience is based on being in a small sales office, the HQ climate may vary?

Cons: The work environment was dark, gloomy and freezing. Most of the full-time employees were stressed out about work expectations and deadlines.
Advice: Hire more staff to ease up work expectations on the employees. It will generate more efficient productivity and improve employee moral.
Pros: Great pay, friendly and accommodating staff and management. Summer hours were wonderful and work expectations were reasonable.

Cons: The long hours worked are expected and not appreciated. People are considered more of a headcount rather than an asset to the company.
Advice: Respect your employees life/work balance. Also, celebrate the successes more. There's always a drive for numbers with no milestones or rewards.
Pros: There is a lot of opportunity within this company. It's easy to love the products.

Cons: Management sucks and they work the good workers to death while allowing the lazy people to continue to be lazy.
Advice: Need better people skills and a communication course. Doesn't seem like a teamwork environment because management doesn't know their job.
Pros: Benefits are fairly average but comparable to other companies in the vicinity. I love the free goods offered every quater.

Cons: Workload is pretty heavy, and at times an issue.
Advice: None
Pros: High growth beauty market generates great opportunities for the market leader. With a blend of organic growth and acquisitions L'Oreal is better prepared than any other beauty player to benefit from a very dynamic US market.
Being a french company L'Oreal also offers people many opportunities for international careers.

Cons: Very fast paced with constantly changing priorities. (can be both bad and good)
Fashion changes constantly which means L'Oreal must change with it.
Long hours are the norm.
Advice: None
Pros: Very fast paced with constantly changing priorities. 
Ability to "work your way up" as they actively promote hiring from within versus hiring from the outside.
Company ethics and goals are something to be proud of.

Cons: Mad house, no structure at all,  you only move up if you are one of the favorites ( speak french), insane amount of hours, everyone is so overloaded with work!!! company is getting cheaper and cheaper, by that i mean reducing sick days from unlimited to 3 days, cancelling Christmas parties, limiting business travel, even launch meetings ( you bring your own food), average turn over in certain departments is almost 50%
Advice: stop being cheap, hire more people
Pros: Easy to move up if you speak french

Cons: As we work in the field, independently, it is necessary to have consistent self motivation. We wear many hats dealing with several retailers. Balancing education , administrative duties with sales
Advice: None
Pros: The company is Respectful of all employees. We have a Culture of entrepreneurship. The company promotes team spirit. Recognition programs and awards. Extremely good benefit programs.

Cons: It is a little bit disorganized, what makes the employers do not be as efficient as they could be in their roles.
Advice: Try to create strong connections with as many strategic positions as you can.
Pros: An organic company that gives you a high level of freedom to create and take risks on your own decisions.

Cons: need to be more customer -focused
fickle decision making
Advice: Think about the client first along every touch point....the life cycle of a product continues well after the launch.  Customer loyalty is key to measure average lifetime value of a client and the business implications that has on the bottom line.
Pros: fast-paced 
strategic vision for the long term
product centric
traditional marketing leaders

Cons: L'Oreal is very corporate and sometimes it's very hard to get things through the system since there are so many levels of approval needed.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal is a huge company with a vast amount of resources to tap into. There are endless occurrences to network. Training courses are always available and extremely beneficial.

Cons: Heavy in management & very cliquey, hard to get things accomplished or changed, very numbers driven, long hours
Advice: Lighten up and listen to your employees, they know what customers what if they are in a direct costumer relations role.
Pros: generous comp plan, gratis, well organized work environment, great perks

Cons: Long hours, very high goals, competitive nature
Advice: None
Pros: International company with TONS of opportunities, fast tracked development and room for growth & change, really supports its employees with great benefits packages, entrepreneurial spirit allows for a lot of autonomy

Cons: The company as a whole was great to work for. The workload can be overwhelming at times and you might not get support from upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal is a great place to work. The culture is uniquely French and a lot of fun. You're constantly challenged and are surrounded by a group of truly talented people.

Cons: Terrible work life balance, especially brutal for moms but senior women leaders! HR is your worst ally and doesn't support employees. No strategy because the place is sometimes run by young inexperienced senior leaders. High turnover.
Advice: Care about your employees. Stop promoting people with no relevant experience.
Pros: Very aggressive and quick to move. Don't need a lot of experience to be in a senior position, if you show potential, you have the job. Good compensation

Cons: Get ready to work fast pace.
Advice: Keep it up glad you trust your people to learn and grow.
Pros: Great company from interview to on boarding with strong  values. They are building a strong team. Exiting to join teams that are so helpful. Strong vision and values. Great to join such professionals.

Cons: Navigating the company culture can be difficult, especially for people who don't enjoy things that are constantly changing and moving quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great place to work if you want opportunities in your career.  It is a very fast paced environment with many challenges and new projects to work on.

Cons: Lack of training
No clear lines of communication 
A lot of cross functional team backstabbing and aggression. 
Little respect for personal time when off the clock
Advice: Take a deeper interest and spend more time developing junior personnel.
Pros: Great compensation packages
Flexible work schedules 
Flexibility to move around the company

Cons: The job was located far from public transportation, the technology used was quite backwards and barely usable; including use of Internet Explorer.
Advice: None
Pros: Quite amicable and casual; paid fairly well; opportunities for achievement were present a lot; social conversations were frequent; working from home was acceptable; flexible hours.

Cons: Being a world leader work-life balance is almost non existence - a young persons game
Advice: Promote more often from lower ranks to keep top future talent from leaving
Pros: Wonderful exposure to the world of cosmetics. L'Oreal has many brands that one can learn from

Cons: Hard to move up in production. Need a military background to get into upper management. Degrees prefered for anything above 60k salary.
Advice: None
Pros: Company itself is great. Some of the production runs a way that can be aggrivating. But the ppl make it worth it.

Cons: Takes a long time to fire employees and people don't look for new ways to do things.
Advice: Certain employees should no longer be part of the company so don't transfer them so you don't have to deal with them.
Pros: Decent pay, loves to promote from within, and really wants employees to succeed.

Cons: Physically demanding.
Depend on overtime to offset the hourly rate. 
10 hour shift on your feet. 
Don’t get any earplugs in the warehouse.  Just because it's not the required decibels by OSHA.  It's still not a quite environment.
Advice: Management empowers employees.  Great leadership.
Pros: Plenty of hours. 
Great team. 
Environmentally friendly.

Cons: Poor work culture. Lack of commitment on upper management's part to really understand the relation between performance and poor work atmosphere. Lack of a strong HR team.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for. Good processes in place. Very diverse workplace and good staff.

Cons: Poor leadership, lots of turnover, very unhappy employees overall. Inconsistent direction within their pro channel. Lack of communcation from Director.
Advice: None
Pros: Quick on-boarding, fair compensation & great benefits. Being a Loreal company they operate very professionally when it comes to the big picture.

Cons: There is no work-life balance. Instead you live your life at work.
Advice: more communication on what is expected
Pros: awesome people to work with if you get along easily with others.

Cons: Expect long hours, some poor management decisions, Allow good talent to leave, they focus on insignificant things in department some times, they need to focus on what is going to be usefule
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, benefits, perks.  Loved what I did there.

Cons: nothing big to speak of... there is not a lot of room to grow and I was let go do to down sizing.
Advice: None
Pros: a fun place to work with good people. you were treated with respect and encouraged to do more.

Cons: The only I can say about it is the hours working retail but that's just part of the job!
Advice: More Communication with staff and better training.
Pros: I love this company. They are so good to their employees. Their products are amazing. I can see myself moving up and retired there.

Cons: Meeting heavy, paternalistic French culture, not great work/life balance, teams too lean
Advice: Cut down on the meetings, empower & trust employees, hire more people to do the work
Pros: Fast paced, smart & motivated people, strong instinct for beauty

Cons: Culture and work life balance. The people are not nice, 12 month internship program is a joke- run in the other direction
Advice: None
Pros: Discount and company store are nice but that's pretty much the only pros of the company. The cafe isn't too expensive

Cons: long working hours. Stressful environment. harmful chemicals everywhere, lots of internal politics.
Advice: Keep up with making good products. Focus on the local market more
Pros: Great name on your resume. Lot's of discounted products for employees. That's it

Cons: This job required me to work hefty hours during holidays such as Christmas, valentines day..
Advice: It is important to stay in constant communication with your manager so you are aware of the upcoming events.
Pros: This job offered flexible hours, and great management.

Cons: high stress level & workload.  must respond to emails 24/7 [even  while on vacation & weekends!].  no down time.
Advice: need better work life balance.
Pros: opportunities to develop a career in any department

Cons: Work life balance is non-exisitant, repetitive tasks, quick burn out, bullying from peers + upper management, crazy expectations, golden handcuffs.
Advice: Support personal development, make an effort to stop burning people out.
Pros: Incredible benefits, good job, organized systems in place, great location, excellent perks.

Cons: High stress environment, very lean teams, sink or swim mentality, very competitive which can be good or bad. Must live in NY to advance.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast pace, lots of room to grow, lots of opportunity across divisions, international opportunities.

Cons: Can't understand what the french people are saying
People change jobs a lot
Very Siloed
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of nice people with various and diverse backgrounds
Amazing brands
Company Store
Engaging work

Cons: Less than ideal work / life balance.  Unrealistic expectations and lack of management commitment.
Advice: Be more aware of the day to day issues and the difficulties encountered.
Pros: Competitive salaries, ability to express your ideas.  Opportunity for international  work experience.

Cons: There is no cons with this company!
Advice: None
Pros: Loveed working for the most fun company to work for.  Everyone was a team.  Loved getting gratis and great discounts.

Cons: Work isn't too exciting, but that could be said about most supply chain jobs.
Advice: Be more friendly
Pros: Pretty easy work, no real business technical skills needed. Knowledge of excel, computers, and math make it infinitely easier.

Cons: Work is repetitive.
Expected to stay at work really late, even when there isn't much to do -- to "show face"
Advice: None
Pros: Casual, friendly environment. Get a good discount on product

Cons: very busy, moody women, dont look forward to waking up and going to work
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and people know what they are doing

Cons: Too much bureaucracy.  Leadership have favorites.  Are not given enough resources.  Work very long hours 10-12 daily plus weekends regularly.
Advice: Ask more questions.
Pros: Opportunity to grow if you're willing to put the work in

Cons: High management expect people to work  no less then 10 hours daily.CEO is politically correct, great if you don't ask for anything.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with excellent benefits. Good pay. Lots of opportunity's inside the company.

Cons: Micro management , lack of clear prioritization from leadership team , weak or non existent processes on business side
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to continue learning. Decent work life balance. Decent benefits.

Cons: No work life balance. Lots of pressure for senior management presentation. Continues changes in direction.
Advice: None
Pros: You are encourage to be entrepreneurial. You are in charge of your business. Get discount in products, you are enco

Cons: Each intern gets a solo project to work on
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company! Get products and really interesting work environment

Cons: Too many long hours. Not enough time in the day to do everything
Advice: Give more training.  It was hard to grasp everyhting when there wasn't enough training.
Pros: Great Benefits, pay was competitive.  Would reccommend

Cons: Work life balance, extremely competitive, working long hours is a part of the culture
Advice: Give interns more guidance on how to advance in the company
Pros: Innovative and fast paced, opportunity to work on global brands

Cons: Poor work-life balance. Unrealistic expectations. Lack of communication. Upper management is disrespectful to employees. Public humiliation is common practice.
Advice: Empathy and management training
Pros: Great learning experience of cosmetic manufacturing

Cons: Lots of work and lots of confusion. senior management are lost.
Advice: implement processes
Pros: nice perks and salary. also, good location.

Cons: Long hours
Unsupportive managers
Difficult to make decisions without higher up approval
No standardized processes
Advice: Need to hire more headcount and work on PROCESS and EFFICIENCY
Pros: Pays well
Lots of holidays off
Beauty perks

Cons: No organization - systems are not adhered to. Chaotic environment. No growth opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful opportunity to work on many beautiful brands.

Cons: environment can be overly stressful. lots of meetings happen with no decisions being made
Advice: None
Pros: great for beauty enthusiasts and lots of opportunities to explore beauty brands within loreal

Cons: Hours are long during management meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Great portfolio of brands available

Cons: Tough work/life balance if you want to climb up the ladder.  Need to improve on internal systems.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, passionate people.  Great rewards for high performers.

Cons: Heavy hierarchy
A lot of pressure
Some cut throat behaviour
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunity
Employees empowered to manage their own work
Very competent and capable employees

Cons: Very fast paced, redundant, lots of politics.  Star today and down tomorrow.
Advice: Heed the lower level employees words
Pros: Able to navigate career functions into different areas.

Cons: Opportunities based on who you know not on how well you do your job.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for growth within the organization

Cons: Slow growth, favoritism, lower salary relative to other companies, management unaware of many problems, frequent organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Some work life balance, good coworkers, interesting environment good vacation and holiday schedule casual dress comfortable

Cons: Difficult upper management, no work life balance , long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to move around the company , fun and dynamic young employees

Cons: Highly competitive environment. Poor collaboration among employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Allows you to develop your career across different functions and markets.  Global placement options as well.

Cons: too many responsibilities per person, more opportunities for marketing-focused positions vs other creative and communications positions, unrealistic timelines,
Advice: needs more structure
Pros: Benefits, people, learning opportunities, access to varying resources

Cons: Sometimes crazy expectations, french culture and upper management
Advice: Be more realistic and aware of expectations and culture
Pros: Fun products, good people, great room for growth and many career opportunities.

Cons: - Long hours and demanding management leads to quick burnout
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong marketing company; great place to launch your career & gain knowledge of the CPG world.

Cons: Regional managers are harsh and don't play by the book and will try to sweep issues under the rug.
Advice: Don't ignore HR issues
Pros: Great benefits, pay and vacation

Cons: Moved the plant and jobs to florence Kentucky
Advice: None
Pros: Great co-workers and they did offer everyone a job when moving. but due to circumstances not all of us could go

Cons: Poor work life balance and unrealistic expectations by senior management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and compensation.

Cons: work life balance - 'french culture" - too many silos Business /Operations/research
Advice: develop real transversal career path
Pros: passionate & diverse teams, inspiring vision and values

Cons: *Poor Salary
*Very political
*Must commute to NYC for best jobs
Advice: None
Pros: *Benefits (Healthcare, pension, 401k, backup childcare, legal services, tuition assitancek concierge service)
*Free products
*Flexible hours

Cons: unorganized, management is uninvolved and clueless stuck in old ways and processes.
Advice: None
Pros: hard working employees, great benefits, learning experience

Cons: Poor management of certain projects; bad communication between HR and Interns
Advice: Allot time on your schedule for your interns.
Pros: Great free products; large possibility to impact; friendly co-workers

Cons: Fast paced company with lots of change.
Advice: None
Pros: #1 Beauty Company with a fast paced and high energy culture.  Must have passion for beauty to work here.

Cons: Crazy hours, workload, fast trackers, progression for support functions
Advice: Appreciate the support functions more
Pros: Entrepreneurial, collaborative, nice people, good perks, good culture

Cons: limited career opportunities; limited movement between departments
Advice: find ways to keep talent from going to a higher bidder
Pros: life work balance; values; brand

Cons: Need a vision for the short and long term.
Advice: Work together to drive this business to stay #1
Pros: Great product with L'Oreal as the parent company.

Cons: Very competitve and you need to speak out to be heard.
Advice: None
Pros: I was always busy with work and learned a lot from the company.

Cons: Less than consistent communication pipe line with marketing to stores.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun products to work with. Great insurance plan and gratis program

Cons: Extremely political and all about who you know/suck up to most to get your next promotion
Advice: NA
Pros: Lots of training and exposure to senior leadership

Cons: High employee to manager ratio at lower levels.
Advice: Keep making time for one on ones with employees.
Pros: Opportunity for career growth, nice benefits package

Cons: Culture is difficult to embrace, time isn't used effectively,
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal offers the full corporate environment experience and good benefits

Cons: Lots of meetings but that's really the norm in corporate America...
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, amazing benefits and access to internal and external development support

Cons: Unhealthy environment.  Management says one thing and does another.  Not treated as a professional.  HR is only helpful if you're a manager or above.
Advice: Try respecting your employees and being honest with them.  Take a close look at how effective current HR team is.
Pros: Nice office and great employee perks (discount on L'Oreal products).

Cons: Saturation in retail and online made is hard to sell in Pro channel
Advice: maintain loyalty to skin care professionals
Pros: Product and people. Culture was great before acquisition

Cons: Operations doesn't know what they're doing, not a lot of room for advancement unless someone leaves
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, great benefits, great incentives

Cons: Busy working schedule, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Free goods every two months

Cons: Political, sometimes stuffy with hierarchy pushbacks, unpredictable crazy hours, and high stress
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to senior management and autonomy running projects

Cons: Difficult to get the job done, teams in different departments seemed to work against each other.
Advice: None
Pros: Company store, benefits and compensation generous

Cons: Bureaucratic, constant strategy change, political
Advice: Clarity on strategy goes a long way
Pros: Can be challenging, stretching and never a dull moment.

Cons: loreal corporate structure - bureacracy
Advice: they wont listen - not part of the loreal dna
Pros: fantastic product that improves skin

Cons: hierarchy-heavy, opportunity for better career advice
Advice: be more generous in headcount
Pros: beautiful brands, talented group of people

Cons: Hectic, difficult and cumbersome decision-making processes
Advice: Steamline and simplify, and mean it.
Pros: Very innovative, creative, fast-paced, exciting.

Cons: sometimes the decision making process is slow
Advice: None
Pros: culture, mobility, global company, people development, dynamic, career development, launch machine!

Cons: Pressure on me to do the best
Advice: Teach someone how to deal with young kids
Pros: Fun to do and different

Cons: Long hours 
Continuous turn over
Advice: None
Pros: Values employees
Space to grow, share ideas, collaborate at any level
Great brand culture
Heavy emphasis of accomplishments

Cons: No promotions
Close door policy, too far from town
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/ life balance from the beginning

Cons: It's sometimes hard to keep a work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal has many different companies that allows you many opportunities.

Cons: Work Life balance.  Brilliant people - need to retain the talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Exposure to various projects.  Fast paced environment

Cons: Your just a number upper management looks down on employees
Advice: Really listen to your employees
Pros: Great benefits and wage package

Cons: Hard work-life balance; blatant favoritism. Definitely do not hire women over 40 yrs old. More for a young, male individual.
Advice: Give women and more experienced female a chance, especially if they have aced the interviews and case study.
Pros: new project exposure; development work; exciting atmosphere, challenging

Cons: The Solon Ohio location closed.
Advice: Keep the Streetsboro location.
Pros: The people are really hard working and very loyal.

Cons: no work life balance
political agendas slow down progress
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities based on what you seek

Cons: Some administrative offices are very unorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Earn experience in many different departments
Work on amazing brands
Opportunity to copywrite

Cons: Office Culture is very formal.  Work-life balance can be difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: You need to push yourself or you will fail
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams, great benefits, great opportunities

Cons: nothing really that stood out to me
Advice: None
Pros: Positive working environment
great coworkers
boss extremely helpful and nice

Cons: The Compensation could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: personal and professional growth. Company promotes job rotation and enlargement.

Cons: Overlooked by senior members of the staff.
Advice: None
Pros: Good resume builder, learned a lot about the beauty industry.

Cons: Political environment, difficult culture to be in
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: It is a new team
Advice: None
Pros: Great job environment and stability

Cons: the office shuts down entrances and your stuck in parking lot
Advice: None
Pros: great enviroment and people

Cons: understaffed
too many sayer's not enough doer's
no work-life balance
Advice: Upper Management needs to share honest, informative communications and look out for their team in order for their team to look out for the company needs to excel in profits.
Pros: They have some innovative projects.

Cons: management and company culture old school
Advice: None
Pros: lots of career opportunities in a very large diverse company

Cons: Unsteady hours and unsteady
 schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours   Great tool to promote

Cons: very little work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: passionate workforce, great brands to choose from, cross-functional opportunities

Cons: Nothing negative to report at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Great management, great benefits, opportunity for advancement

Cons: Management is really bad. They don't do anything to help you. 
Most managers only think about themselves and not their employees.
Very poor trainings.
Advice: work more on the people skills.
Pros: some of the staff is willing to help you when you have questions.

Cons: Work/life balance 
Lack of innovation
Advice: Celebrate success more
Pros: Dynamic
Incredible and passionate people
Mobility
Training 
Growth

Cons: Long Hours, Too much work
Advice: Better Organize departments
Pros: Flexible Schedules, Good Perks, Decent holidays

Cons: workload and work pressure from management
Advice: less meeting
Pros: good internal opportunities after 2 years

Cons: n/a you do grunt work.
Advice: n/a
Pros: n/a good place to start

Cons: Very young people managing a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company, great benefits, great discounts

Cons: bad commute up the GSP
Advice: flexiblity
Pros: stable company in middlesex county NJ

Cons: Difficult culture to adapt to
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging but rewarding work every day

Cons: work life distribution is not balanced
Advice: None
Pros: great people to work with

Cons: long hours, not competitive pay
Advice: None
Pros: great learning environment, international exposure

Cons: Low Salaries, competitive environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and get experience

Cons: Terrible culture. Everyday someone was crying in the bathroom. Abusive leadership style. Low pay for CPG industry
Advice: None
Pros: Recognizable global brand
Extra perks for directors and above

Cons: Terrible culture. Huge turnover. Very political environment. No sense of employee appreciation. Average pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Company discount on products - the only perk of working here

Cons: Disrespectful management
No consideration for work/life balance
Highly political
Poor managers not held accountable
Zero autonomy
Advice: None
Pros: Great training for Marketers
Amazing brands
Passionate employees
Highly innovative

Cons: As opposed to what I thought before coming into the company L'Oréal is run separately for their four business units (Luxury, Professional, Active Cosmetics & Consumer). They have a strange culture that doesn't allow them to fully leverage on the company's name. They like having things run the L'Oréal way and are not open to any new ideas or changes that threatens this.

Teamwork doesn't exist if you are a newcomer to the company. You will find yourself dealing with people that have many years in the company and who don't like "strangers" with weird ideas. 

No open culture to talk about problems within teams. If you say something is wrong in a meeting you'll get buried. The culture of the company is to cover your back first and then point towards someone else to blame.

REALLY , REALLY, REALLY DISORGANIZED company. This is one thing Loreal is very proud of because they love to say they are a cellular company as opossed to a process driven company such as the American ones. They hate being told that it urges to have a process and basically everything comes down to just telling the ones you like on your team what you are going to do and the rest of the people doesn´t matter. 

GOSSIP EVERYWHERE

Really bad HR team

COUNTLESS HOURS OF WORK, FORGET ABOUT WORKLIFE BALANCE. 

CONSTANTLY REDOING THINGS. ENDLESS LOOP OF NOT GETTING THING DONE AND REPLANING AGAIN, AGAIN AND AGAIN WITH NO TIME TO EXECUTE.
Advice: Be open to change and have a more welcoming environment. If you want to succeed in this era, you can no longer behave like a dinosaur.
Pros: Employee discount to buy products.

Cons: 1.) I wouldn't call it a con but you must be willing to work hard - it is not an einvorment that is friendly to people who aren't willing to put in their fair share.
Advice: None
Pros: 1.) Responsibiliy - whether it be doing analysis for crucial meetings, or managing my own projects, the level of discretion given to even junior levels is impressive. I have found myself creating assets for pivotal internal/external meetings, and also managing several of my own projects.

2.) Work-environment - as long as you are willing to work hard, it is a very rewarding environment to work. It is very much work hard / play hard and this has helped anchor my lifestyle to being energetic. The people are extremely friendly and welcoming. An environement that really is design to make new employees thrive.

3.) Career progression - The fast moving environment transcends to career movement, which means that your career can be boosted very quickly. It also provides many opportunities to begin your career abroad or in a development role. 

4.) Variety - There are so many different roles/jobs/people/benefits that it isn't possible to get bored. I have been working for over half a year, and I haven't looked at the clock once!

Cons: Too much favouritism and hate politics. More attention is paid to your image rather than what you bring forth to the table. It's like working in a chawl filled with dumb fashionistas.
Advice: Cut down on your extravagant expenditures. France must get a hold on employees and mancomm's leave structures and attendance. Install finger swyping. Ppl work for two days in a week and get paid for five and still have leave balance at the end of the year. Get accountability in order. There is too much favouritism and undercut in employing vendors, consultants etc which is a known industry fact. All business is routed through vendors who give a cut to the management and everyone knows that. It's just a given. You will survive well here only if you are dishonest or good looking. Unfortunately, that's the kind of employees the HR seeks and prefers to tame. Mr. Agon, you're not only running  Loreal globally, but also running the homes of your India Mancomm, which don't run on their salaries but on your company's expenses. Personal expenses are billed to company and shown as company expenditures. HR is well aware but won't do anything. Till the time the entire Mancomm and senior management is not reshuffled or refurbished, this company will not report the profits it's capable of reporting.
Pros: Good work life balance and discounts on products.

Cons: - Long working hours. Most of sales do a 10 hour day as a minimum and this is only getting longer (I usually start at 8/8:30am and finish at 7pm), meaning I'm too tired most nights to socialise and switch off. Sales contracts are 35 hours per week...
- Management are very slow to make decisions and often seem to be looking out for themselves by wanting a large amount of information. This can mean that we annoy the retailers and miss opportunities
- More concerned with market share than profit
- Low pay for the market (between £5k and £10k less compared to our competitors), no overtime or days in lieu for all the extra hours
- Little collaborative approach to issues or problems. Those in sales are expected to come up with the answers individually and then present to management, but then of course they're slow to act
- L'Oreal is a very 'lean' company = not enough people to make all the work = sales teams work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: + Job moves happen frequently due to people leaving so there's always something new to get stuck into
+ Agile working means that you can work out of the office once in a while
+ Lots of NPD and new initiatives to keep you busy
+ Ambitious individuals

Cons: - Beyond my team (ie the nerdy ones :-) ) it felt like I was living in the Devil Wears Prada
- Not a very hardworking atmosphere
- Employees were not always appropriate (behaviour, clothes etc) for a working environment
- Culture of interns (not my team) doing boring and bottom of the pile work til late
- Very transient work force, people come and go so quickly development is slow
Advice: Better communication channels between the different brands and global teams (scientific, legal etc). 
Individual's responsibility to set up an organisational map of when people come and leave jobs
Pros: - Lots of women so a very different to usual working environment 
- My team were VERY friendly and helpful (not all teams were)
- Very work load conscious and careful that I was still enjoying my summer break
- Lots of care given to the type of projects I was working on so that they were interesting
- TONNES OF FREEBIES AND FREE HAIRCUTS/MANICURES etc

Cons: Part of our culture is that we rely more people and personal networks than systems and process. This can create a feeling that things are not always smooth or defined. It is not considered a bad thing for the organization, as it has worked for more than 100 years, but it is not always easy for newcomers to understand. You have to be someone that wants to work in ambiguity and constant change.
Advice: None
Pros: My favorite part of the L'Oreal culture is the never-ending quest to create and innovate. No matter what your job is, you will be expected to find new and better ways to work and to challenge the old way of thinking. Leadership is more accessible than most companies of similar size, and top managers encourage junior staff to disagree with them and create an opportunity for debate - this is how we get our best ideas! One of the perks is that you will never need to buy any beauty or grooming products (at least not a full price). There always seems to be free goods or you can shop in the L'Oreal company stores.

Cons: Politics
Lack of effective systems and technology
Lack of headcount - there are too few people to achieve the objectives set for the business by Paris
Workload and expectations are huge
Lack of process and an air of confusion about who is responsible for what which is disguised as flexibility and creativity
Graduate and intern recruitment is huge which sometimes gives an overriding feeling of immaturity and lack of experience.
Pay is much lower than market average
Advice: Increase headcount and give people the opportunity to excel at what they do. Currently, people are too busy trying to cram in the basics to reveal their true flair.
Invest in systems that work and spend money on making them appropriate for the business. Currently, a business process that works is being altered and adapted to suit the system.
Diversity needs to be considered more, from a politically correct standpoint, but also from the perspective of the 'type' of person being employed. Everyone is very similar in terms of their approach and personality.
Pros: Great brands that people are genuinely passionate about
Great events and parties - emphasis on fun
Lots of responsibility for those who want it
Lovely staff shop and freebies
People are constantly open to change and new ways of doing things

Cons: -Long hours; you will often have to work long hours. This can be a positive or a negative, as if you enjoy your job then there are always new and orginal tasks to be done. However, if you are not accustomed to longer hours, then I can imagine it being an inconvenience.
Advice: -Provide more training courses to interns.
Pros: -Responsibility; from your first week there shall be a considerable amount of responsibility handed to you, allowing an individual to make a significant difference within the business from an early stage
-Atmosphere; the work atmosphere in the office is warm and lively, everyone in the office are very approachable and more than happy to help
-Challenges; if you want to take on a new and exciting challenge, teams are very open to giving you project opportunities that shall help you develop in the direction you are interested in
-never the same; every day is different in the office, when you walk into the office, you can predict about 30% of your day, the rest is often new and exciting challenges that will ensure you are never bored

Cons: the workload is very high and you usually work till night.the environment and the culture are not the best. competing so much takes also the worst out of people. plus, it's a french company, so huge hierarchy and higher mgmt don't make you feel valuable sometimes.  it's ok for an internship, but i don't know if i would like to spend some years there
Advice: it is necessary to take more care of employees and their needs. more attention to the balance of life and work.
Pros: Very challenging environment, people always compete and that takes out of them their best sometime. Constant feedbacks. Very well structured internship with a mid-intership and a final internship projects. very nice offices, lunch included.  i learnt really really a lot during this experience (my first one), and i have in general a good memory of that, even though there were some flaws

Cons: Level of stress on employees is enormous and for some hard to handle. Chaotic culture of constant change of mind is very deep in the company's DNA. In love with its products, and less oriented towards consumers. Definitely not a people-centric company, one does not feel appreciated by a system, but more as a very replaceable gear wheel. Promises from management very easy to be given, but hard to be implemented later.
Advice: People do matter. Don't forget you depend on Millennials and Generation Z. And both of them want to be appreciated and can tell a heavy photoshop when they see it.
Pros: Very fast-paced environment, with a relaxed and friendly corporate culture when it comes to people relations. Great for learning and developing your potential because of demanding challengesin front of you. High level of autonomy. If you have a record of good results your ideas and proposal will be highly appreciated and very possibly implemented.

Cons: Lack of clarity over career opportunities for Graduates at the end of the program, stemming from an inability to confront the realities of the situation (too many graduates, too few operational roles). Responsibilities and amount of engaging (as opposed to menial) work varies too much from role to role on the graduate scheme, with some roles similar to operational roles and others too heavily admin based.
Advice: Re-consider the role of the graduate scheme (cheap labour or future leadership development) and adapt the balance between entry level full-time roles and graduates accordingly. More formal organisation of graduate scheme such that it is ensured all management trainees have serious responsibilities and engaging work across all roles.
Pros: Relatively good benefits. Young, energetic colleagues. Friendly, relaxed atmosphere on the whole. Relatively flexible working arrangements. High level of mobility between functions. Well-structured graduate program, with exposure to variety of roles, responsibilities and functions.

Cons: - extreme pressure
- unrealistic expectations
- little to no structure/process (very chaotic) 
- expected to work long hours and on weekends 
- management and HR are often not transparent with employees (love to promise promotions/move to international offices but always takes much longer than what is promised, or it never happens at all) 
- high turnover rate within teams
Advice: Be more transparent with employees - don't over promise and under deliver on timelines for promotions and moves to international offices
Pros: - a lot of responsibility at a young age
- if they believe you are talented they will reward you and you will get promotions very quickly
- high exposure to upper management early on in your career
- work on some of the most incredible brands in the world 
- learn from amazing, talented individuals

Cons: Senior Management visits from Paris are a unhelpful.  Senior Managers from Paris can be aggressive and quite the divas but this is also changing.

The office is quite crammed and old.  It is not representative of a glamorous beauty company.

Not many British senior managers.
Advice: Continue the change you started.  You are doing a brilliant job.  Please invest in the office.
Pros: Fast paced, early responsibility, very entrepreneurial for a big company.  Best portfolio of brands in the industry.

Inspiring leadership. UK MD comes from a different company and is very approachable.  He is really transforming the company into a modern business.  

Despite the intensity of the job, the new Work Smart program allows a lot of flexibility to balance work and life

Cons: Too much politics slow down processes and initiatives. Such a big and successful company, that´s often ends up being too conservative, and not that innovative.  Salary not that competitive. 12 hours shifts very often.
Advice: As said
Pros: The Beauty business is inspiring, fascinating and challenging. Working as a Brand development manager on start up brands at L'Oreal, offers a rich experience on many different fields: From Marketing, to Education, PR, Digital and sales, experiencing both the Selective and the Professional medical channel. Dealing with different business models form a perfumery open sales one to the department store, from a  free standing store retail  business to the launch of your own e-commerce. Finally relationships with colleagues is an additional  reason to keep standing the cons.

Cons: Sometimes the great amount of responsibility can mean long hours, but generally it is not anything outside the ordinary in comparison to other graduate schemes. A level of uncertainty in terms of jobs after the grad scheme is apparent.
Advice: None
Pros: You get real responsibility right from the off and you work on challenging projects that really make a difference to the business. 

A company where there is real relations between all levels of employees, you get exposure to senior management and are able to showcase your own work. 

A very sociable office culture where you can easily fit in and make a group of friends.

A huge amount of opportunity to learn and improve with a plethora of training courses available.

Cons: You work till late hours, first 2 years I worked till midnight, no much respect for personal life private life balance; company of chaos and confrontation culture. More you fight more you are successful.
Advice: It is important to respect to life/work balance of employees. In the country I worked, we used to work even on Sundays to prepare presentations for regional or headquarter teams visits.
Pros: They give you a lot of responsibilities even if you are at the beginning of your career. You learn fast and a lot. You learn a lot on how to create 360 campaigns, press launches are very important. You need to be on top of fashion, personal care trends.they recruit people from same background so when you work you make many friends also.

Cons: Very hierarchal  
Not a very diverse organisation
Ruled from Paris, if you want to advance your career you have to factor in a period of time there
Badly trained managers
Advice: Root out the bad managers and dead wood - there's quite a lot of it. You need to have more operating model reviews so people don't get too comfortable in their roles. Having people in the same roles for over 5 years is wrong and you lose good talent because they're blocking promotions
Pros: Work with great brands
Great name to have on your CV
If you can survive a few years here you can work anywhere

Cons: In terms of logistics - the products by big cosmetics brands owned by L'Oreal often only reach New Zealand months after their release in the USA or overseas.
Advice: None
Pros: The managers, from your Area Manager to everyone in the head office who you will communicate with, are so friendly, supportive, helpful and efficient. They are fair, give positive and encouraging feedback as well as constructive criticism (without making it personal). I enjoyed the training and learning about the history of my brand too - it helps to really cultivate a genuine passion within the company! Best employer I have had so far.

Cons: Even if you ace the ratings,  you can't beat the colleague who sucked up and got fast tracked. Pay scale is hardly competent although HR keeps screaming from the roof tops that we are market aligned.
Advice: To have your favourites is human,  but at least be aware of true talent that exists in your midst. Stop discouraging the hard workers.
Pros: Opportunities to learn are galore. Work culture is what you make of it,  but it's fun and stressful.  Performance gets rated for target achievement as well as networking.

Cons: - Things move slower than most places.
- The different divisions are still very separated.
Advice: Cultivate more cross-divisional collaboration and knowledge sharing - digital is leading the way on this. My only other advice is to keep up the fantastic work.
Pros: + Everyone here is driven. It's great to be with other motivated people.
+ The company ACTUALLY cares about its people - compared to wanting to look like it cares.
+ Even in the busiest of times you're never too overwhelmed. Enabled through management initiatives and your working environment.
+ We live and breathe beauty.
+ Ethics isn't a buzz word. This comes out in everything we do.

Cons: - The culture nurtured by the leaders (especially the one who's been there for long time) is very political and very bossy. The way the senior managers communicate is very top down with sometimes disrespectful attitude
- It's not so transparent, guys from french came to local office just to be served with presentation and market visit. They didn't communicate anything to local office and just make their own "gang"
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong business fundamentals due to the presence in the categories that are complementary and relatively strong growth 
- Great brands 
- Positive outlook due to the strong presence in emerging countries
- Vibrant teammates and environment

Cons: difficult to have a working and private life balance, difficult to get support when you face difficulties with your line manager, difficult to evolve if you don't know the good person (lack of transparency in the career management sometimes)
Advice: Take the principle of managing with generosity as a value that has to guide your day to day business. Making line managers accountable for the way they manage their team in stead of taking only into account the quantifiable objectives set.
Pros: Multinational company that has a lot of mean to develop its staff, compensation and benefits, multiplicity of career paths, autonomy

Cons: Complete and utter disorganisation, hidden by 'being entrepreneurial'. I.E. Do what you want, and if it works, pat on the back, but if it doesn't, I would have some stitches ready to patch up the knife wound lodged in your back (metaphorically speaking).

I can see the company are trying to make it a nice environment for their staff, such as implementing agile working hours (something that has been in the industry for about 15 years already in other companies), but it just doesn't work. 
People at the top of L'Oreal are far too stubborn, old school, and don't believe in change. Therefore, if you dare work from home, which is the new policy, I wouldn't bank on getting a promotion anytime soon.
In my opinion, the only way L'Oreal is going to become a top place to work is if they get a good old sweeping brush, and have a good clean out of old management at the top, to then bring in fresh thinkers who are not brainwashed by the old school French power house that rule the roost.
Advice: Go on an training course at a company like Google or another top place to work FMCG company (check the times top places to work for inspiration), take all the learnings you can from what they do, and then implement it at L'Oreal. 
Sounds easier said than done, but there is no other business in the industry that has a higher staff turn over than L'Oreal.
They must be doing something right, and L'Oreal must be doing something wrong.
Pros: Great business experience due to a lot of responsibility. You are basically put under that much pressure that you are forced to learn at a rapid pace. Great if you want to go on the apprentice.
People are brilliant though, and you can have a great laugh.

Cons: Poor HR policies. Growth is fully dependent on your immediate Boss. Worst part is, if s/he isn't happy with you for whatever reason, you can't survive in the company. The company feels, boss is always right.
Advice: Strengthen HR. Current Training module isn't of much use. Training should be need basis. Also, change from one department to another department (eg sales to Marketing) is an improvement Area.
Pros: Good company to work with. Good products and good in Marketing those products.

Cons: very political, a lot of chances for management trainees to grow, however, if you were not joined as management trainees, there would be very hard for the company to promote you internally
Advice: be opened mind to people who can preform, not only focusing on growing the management trainees, a lot of staff who joined from external firms who might have amazing experience which would be a pity if they don't have a chance to grow
Pros: There were a lot of opportunities in the company, you can take on roles on different brands, and lead different projects, good trainings and exposure within the company.

Cons: Work/life balance. Nobody leaves at 5 although it is when work suppose to end. A lot of stress from your boss/top management. 
Fast-paced environment with considerable amount of stress but still takes a lot of time to get anything done.
Advice: Work/life balance needs to be improved. Keep your talents in your company by providing more free time for employees to spend with family/friends.
Pros: Pay is pretty good as an intern
Nice co-workers
A lot of side benefits (including annual sales tickets, percentage off on all loreal products for employees, etc. You female friends/girlfriend would suddenly love you more for no reason at all)

Cons: Compensation doesn't seem the best
Sometimes things get too political instead of purely business oriented decisions
Sometimes good practices implemented get lost as the culture is not very process oriented
Advice: Many good talents sometimes leave the company due to the not so competitive compensation, company has to be profitable but being just a little bit more competitive would help keep most of them
Pros: Potential to grow with smart, consistent, hard work
International cultural experience, even if you don't leaving your country, working with expats gives you a different vision
Some great leaders to learn from

Cons: Very few processes, bad work life balance, unrealistic demands from senior management
Advice: We say we are consumer centric but much of what we do currently is not. People are too focused on their own career progression by delivering one or two great projects and not focused enough on doing a good job overall. People are often promoted too quickly and so there is often a skills gap at senior management level.
Pros: Very few processes, very talented people, agile working scheme

Cons: If you want to be successful, you will work hard. The hours aren't crazy but don't expect to get everything done in 9-5.
Lack of process/structure is challenging at times, you have to know lots of people to get things done and often have to ask forgiveness rather than permission. This could also sit in the PROs too!
Advice: More interconnectivity between countries would be really smart. Particularly for corporate functions.
Pros: Lot's of responsibility and autonomy, freedom to be entrepreneurial.

Flexible working for all staff in the UK is amazing.

Cons: I felt it was unsupportive working environment. I would describe it as dog eat dog type of place.
Work / Life balance was not something I did enjoy and as a result I was feeling depressed and lethargic. I felt that the processes and systems were unnecessarily cumbersome and manual.
I felt like a cog in a wheel, totally expandable - replaceable in a heartbeat. Pay-wise its not a very generous employer, given the expectations of staff.
For me personally it was not a time well spent working there and I will look back at this company as the bad mistake I have made in selecting a workplace.
Advice: Look after your staff
Pros: I honestly could did not see any pros working there

Cons: The culture can be somewhat chaotic and unstructured which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but takes time to get used to and learn what's going on (not really any sufficient training materials). The pay is also not great for interns (especially given the cost of living in London!).
Advice: None
Pros: Working at L'Oreal can be really enjoyable. The people are generally really outgoing and fun. You can get exposure to life at a top firm with a diverse range of products and processes. The staff shop is also a real bonus!

Cons: Very low retention of Talents coming from external companies. The company is ready to pay the high price to attract them, but sometimes HR don't know how to motivate and keep them.

I felt like there is a gap between the values and the ethic codes written everywhere and the actual behavior of some people in the company - especially HR Directors. 

A lot of processes and waste of time on projects and basically pretty much everything. Some people work more to serve their strive for power and fulfill their work ambition rather to actually serve the interest of the brands or the company itself. 

Being polite is all about being considerate and appreciative, but for many people, it remains a challenge.
Advice: I very highly encourage top management to be more empathetic and act with more generosity when dealing with people. Sometimes it's only a matter of basic rules of life about politeness.

I also encourage the top managment to place all their employees - from the sales associate from the stores to the head office directors, at the heart of their company values. Even though the HR are claiming out loud equality and so on, in reality we are still far from it. 

And please do not judge others, don't be the first to throw the stone, even if you have higher education it doesn't mean you can't learn from someone with less education.
Pros: Great salary and benefits, working with intellectually stimulating and international people. Everything is done to make you believe you are part of the Elite when you work at l'Oréal.

Amazing projects to work on and real budget behind it to realize it, a lot of new products launched all the time. 

Great Learning & Development policy and programs to keep developing the employees. Also some conferences on diverse subjects to really keep you thinking out-of-the box.

Cons: Crazy working hours and zero to no work life balance, employee viewed as a mere number and not person, hr very much a siloed function with junior staff not getting a lot of support
Advice: better work life balance needed, mentor system should be set up. more secondment options, junior members need to see a work life balance structure in place so they could see themselves growing with the company
Pros: excellent training, inspirational peers and seniors, marketing excellence, ownership and accountability, good benefits and good location compared with other FMCG businesses, good career progression

Cons: CYA enviroment.
Upper Management often looks out for themselves and doesnt try to develop the majority of talent.

High turnover, long hours and pay is below market equivalents.HR has as large say in career succession and is very disorganized.
Advice: Invest in your people and look out for their best interests.
Pros: you work with great people in a young and dynamic environment. A place where you will make good contacts in different cities should you choose to stay in the FMCG industry when you choose to leave.

Cons: Bad atmosphere in some luxury brands, difficulty to communicate with the hierarchy, extremely vertical organisation. Very stressful environment but it can also be considered as an advantage to learn and go beyond your limits.
Advice: Stop the useless meetings, it is not always welcome to make a "point" on Monday AND wednesday AND Friday whereas you could have solved it way better by yourself.
Pros: Great salary and good training, there is a competition that allows you to give the best of what you can do.

Cons: A nice place to work... until you're 35. To go further, it does not depend on expertise, dedication and good work. Like any other company? No, I can tell you it's much worse....
Advice: Colonization time is over... It's time to change the old-school model: best opportunities for foreigners, high subjectivity on feedback and performance evaluation, high workload, bottom of marketing compensation and benefits.
Pros: Good environment to develop entrepreneurship and management skills. A leader company, where you'll have access to high level resources and information.

Cons: Sometimes you can feel in over your head but you always make it out the other side and I guess it always mean you can improve.
Advice: The management that are above me are absolutely great. My General Manager sits right next to me, really approachable.
Pros: I have such a great team. Get given a really high level of responsibility but all the necessary support. Great social life, interesting work. Flexible hours have been introduced. Great training.

Cons: As an Account Manager the Salary was very hard to survive on independently. Having so many famous models i  felt it would have been more appropriate to reward front line staff ( Clarins currently employ no famous people to promote products that im aware of)
Advice: Provide more support and more store visits .Ensure staff get expenses back and supply tools to achieve or exceed targets.
Pros: Beautiful effective products, given allocation of £172,50 twice a year retail value. Also given products at training to try. Given uniform .

Cons: - Not enough staff for the number of projects, resulting in mainly spending your time treating emergencies. 
- Marketing rules everything.
- Very "political" people, and a sense that quite a lot of people work for their career more than in the interest of the company.
Advice: - Make sure you promote people that have managerial skills : there is sometime a huge difference between a great engineer and a great manager.
Pros: - Great name to have on a CV
- Great company perks
- Interesting people, from diverse backgrounds

Cons: Communication is tough.  A lot of things can be decided when the product manager is not there and debrief is not well done.  You will sometimes need to get approval not only from your reporting line but also cross functionally
Advice: None
Pros: Many responsibilities and deep ownership at a younger stage of career.  Many chances to be promoted up to senior / group manager.

Cons: Lack of management skills by most of the top people 
Some people only think about "terror management" > the main strategy is to alternate between compliments and harassment to make people go faster. 
Lots of decision changes, even at the last minutes. 
Lack of honesty in the products. 
Salary if you are a l'Oreal baby.
Advice: None
Pros: Creativity
Energy
You never get bored 
Some very nice personalities
Beautiful brands
Possibility to go up fast 
Nicolas Hieronimus : a great leader.

Cons: Be prepared to work really long hours. If you dont perform, likelihood your colleagues may just outcast you instead of helping. Very elitist environment - for those who dont come from very good schools, it will be a steep learning curve.
Advice: HR needs to learn how to be more tactful and efficient. Get more manpower for each team so everyone wont be burned out.
Pros: You can get to learn a lot, and people are usually willing to teach if you are on okay terms with them.

Cons: no job offer, even though I got excellent feedback on my work, but have been told that they do not have any vacancies at the moment
Advice: hire less interns if you do not have vacancies to offer, it seems like the entire business model builds up on interns, that is a pity.
Pros: worked in marketing. good working environment, great team, good learning experience, great intern programme, you learn a lot and you will nit get treated as an intern, more as an junior manager

Cons: Political culture - management values a very specific type of people. People tend not to make rational decisions and are instead motivated by emotions, without focusing on driving business.

Very limited training opportunities, everything is learnt 'on the job'
Advice: Attrition issues will never be resolved if you refuse to solve the root of the problem
Pros: Reputable brands, wide scope for young people to learn from

Cons: Everything happens in a very "organic" way... i.e., desorganised. Average age is very low so there is a lot of inexperience, stress and wasted energy.
Advice: Continue the changes so not so much energy is wasted reinventing the wheel without learning from experience
Pros: Very passionate and talented people. Average age is very low so there is lots of energy and passion. Current management is simplifying and making changes to make things more organised.

Cons: Constant change of direction, non conclusive meetings, outdated digital, sales and hr approach. Weaker focus to keep talented employees instead very tolerant on non performing employees.
Advice: Stick to direction set for global point and avoid decision on people, spending, forecasting and sales in silos. Update current supporting functions / system to meet new consumers demand.
Pros: Good learnings about beauty brands. Lots of opportunities to drive own proposal and construct own rules. Accept diversity and individualism.

Cons: Senior Mangement treat people like they are disposable. Pressure enormous and fast pace means extremely long hours and no work like balance. New Work Smart program isn't working
Advice: Work on treating employees like human beings and they will respond by showing real long term commitment to the company.  HR need to focus on success planning.
Pros: Passionate and intelligent people, amazing brands

Cons: Time Consuming, Disorganisation, Pressure of growth, Paris dependant, lack of disruptive changes, lack of long term vision, hierarchical conservatism, lack of expertise in support departments, comfort of work facilities
Advice: Dare to risk short term profits to build true sustainable business models
Pros: Entrepreneurial, Passion, Innovative, Market Leader, Beauty specialist, Dynamic, Young Spirit, Consumer Oriented, Challenging, Marketing innovation, Sharing beauty with all, Atmosphere with colleagues

Cons: Work-life balance is awful. Peers and management too busy to reflect on projects delivered and recognise a job well done. True promotions are rare.. mostly employees move sideways.
Advice: Allow management to enact the cultural change that is constantly spoken of, but not supported.
Pros: Great product perks. Highly ethical company to work for & leader in technology. All roles allow independent thinking to achieve tasks and hold large responsibilities that would not be afforded at other companies.

Cons: not sure of whats happening due to its siloed business units. so no trends can be seen or analysed, leading to all cases being treated as unique ! this further leads to 'the more you cry the more you are heard' phenomenon. Adversely the quite contributors are left wondering...
Advice: Reachout more ! get an Indian head (MD or chairman).
Pros: Dynamic fast paced environment, employer image is a plus. Aspirational though not inspirational

Cons: very long process from first application submission until we get a phone interview with HR (mine was about 6 months long), and the selection process was not very fun
Advice: better to have faster response for people intend to apply to work in L'oreal, and give the employee more work - life balance (and benefit!)
Pros: Good opportunity for networking and learn about FCMG industry, plus the salary is quite competitive for intern level in Indonesia

Cons: i have no complaints to speak of at all this job was good for me and my family.  thank you very much for employing me.
Advice: keep a positive attitude and a positive work environment for you staff, we completely appreciate it.  thank you very much.
Pros: Friendly coworkers, lovely work space. long commute from other areas, enjoyed it very much, would do it again. thank you very much for employing me.

Cons: there is a room for improvement the culture of innovation, out of the box. The culture of confrontation could be less confrontation and more collaboration.
Advice: it must pay attention at company's culture, values, behaviour and the management fits with company's culture. The quality of products is fantastic.
Pros: multinational global company, leader globally in some categories as hair coloration, skin care. Global brands with an excellence in quality of products.

Cons: Moving so often means that you have to let go of your existing projects you have worked on without getting to see them through.
Advice: None
Pros: An amazing opportunity- a  scheme that lasts one year, with the chance to discover three brands for 4 month periods each. It gives great exposure to different brands in the company before you start a full time job after the year management trainee scheme!

Cons: - poor level of management maturity
- aggressive, arrogant and rude leadership
- individual &gt; team
- no work/life balance
- unstructured career management selling company needs as opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: - interesting challenges in a mature multi-national company
- results orientated and always looking for improvements
- interesting people with great ideas and a drive to get things done
- real masery of the topic of beauty
- great school to quickly develop skills within the first 2/3 years

Cons: Working overtime especially in supply chain department, still being payed without bonus, plus senior management is not appreciating your long lasting work
Advice: Senior management should employ more humanistic managers to handle also people not just work overload. Missing that part will harm the valuable employees of this company
Pros: International travel opportunity once a year to every employees from bottom to the top is the best thing at this company

Cons: non flexible work hours, limited room for career progression, no salary review or pay increases, limited benefits, hours worked monitored, decisions delayed as a result of too many cooks
Advice: staff moral is important and review of benefits, career progression, up-skilling should be considered more strongly, limited mentoring
Pros: nice friendly work environment, varied daily tasks, opportunity to up skill in a fmcg  brand, strong  heritage with global presence

Cons: &gt;You must speak french
&gt;Have to know the right people
&gt;Too impulsive - can improve in vision
&gt;"The faire & refaire pour mieux faire..." is sometimes misunderstood outside the headquarters
Advice: &gt;Better asign job description
&gt;Career long term planning
&gt;Better work conditions - building infra-structure / IT services
Pros: &gt;Fast career growth
&gt;Fast pace
&gt;Tailored positions to capitalize on talents
&gt;Interesting people
&gt;International opportunities
&gt;Great autonomy
&gt;Allows you to express you personality - really encourages diversity
&gt;Very creative

Cons: Long working hours
Too many layers on management makes decision making too time-consuming
Advice: Should try to provide work and life balance working style for employees to avoid high turn over rate.
Pros: Holistic views of logistic marketing management, including advertising communication, digital marketing, PR, CRM, trade marketing, media, etc. 
Get to work with top tier advertising, media agencies. 
International experience

Cons: Horrendous (lack of) management. Phenomenally politicised system lacking a total system of meritocracy but rather purely based on time spent in the company and age. Vast amounts of false promises never kept and overselling of situations which never materialise. Some in the company even make parallels to being in a political prison whereby if you don't play by the rules you get either shunned aside or annihilated.
Advice: None
Pros: Good starting salary, the human capital is really great at operational level and there are some very special people that work in L'Oréal.

Cons: As an intern, the work load is highly demanding for a considerably low pay and work relations feel very superficial
Advice: Long working hourse, high perssure on deadlines. Everything seems fake and superficial.
Pros: Constant learning from the first day in a demanding market. An industry such as the beauty can turn you into passionate person.

Cons: too much of France in everything,badly needs decentralization,lacks systems , lack of entrepreneurial culture
Advice: bridge the salary and hierarchical disparity across functions and appoint and an Indian CEO.
Pros: not a typical hire and fire company,cares for employees, very holistic appraisals,flat organization structure, highly methodological

Cons: International carreer are more complicated than it seems. Once you are in place in a country it is hard to move to another one. Less exposure if you are not in a marketing position.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging company, intellectual level is high, projects go fast, entreprenership spirit is pushed and appreciated. Opportunity for developpment can happen pretty fast

Cons: The really long working hours, but often you don't mind about it due to so exciting projects. And of course there is some bureaucracy.
Advice: Some technical upgrades could be helpful.
Pros: The interesting and ambitious projects. Strong team, but warm ambience. Nice perks and benefits. A lot of opportunities for personal and career growth.

Cons: graduate programme is a sham with no clear reasoning as to what departments you are placed within. don't bother wasting your time applying for the graduate scheme here like i did! definitely would have taken up the other offers i had at the time. HR are unreasonable and unskilled - appalling.
Advice: stop focusing on the 'favourites' and actually take care of your employees. you may be able to keep someone on for longer than 2 years this way!
Pros: good company culture, however this is dependent on your team

Cons: Short termism, unability to developp processes, pace and innovation at the cost of good organisation, questionnable decisions, hard customers
Advice: I will not write the advice here in this section it is quite ridiculous a section in my humble opinion
Pros: Fast paced fast moving environment that requires a lot of investment. Great smart people to work with and great products

Cons: Internal politics, egos, personal competition. No clear growth path unless you're friends with HR. No processes, lack of communication between depts and countries. Evaluation based on looks more than on actual performance.
Advice: You have to offer better salaries if you want quality personnel. Don't loose focus on the final consumer.
Pros: Great brands, great school for beauty industry, dynamic pace.

Cons: very stripped down marketing activations, much like a temporary event planner where you have to prepare all the logistics
Advice: give interns more job responsibilities which allow them to grow and develop rather than just the menial tasks
Pros: very fast-paced environment with challenging tasks. Good for those who are looking for a headstart in FMCG marketing

Cons: Work life balance is getting better, structure too
Advice: Get involved with the employees and give them realistic objectives , otherwises they will leave
Pros: Great culture, fast paced environment and a lot of challenges. I noticed that you need an entrepreneurial spirit to work here, a sense of ownership and dealing with changes

Cons: Differentiation between the Singapore and APAC office, some people should just stop doing that already and start thinking like one body.
Advice: None
Pros: - Love the free products
- Great team, well at least my own division 
- Same amount of parental and maternity leave for both locals and foreigner

Cons: Heartless company that talks a lot about being like family which could not be further from the truth. Low pay for extremely long hours and little valuation for the dedication that one is giving
Advice: Be more human and inspiring be leading as example. It is sad that only those go far that cry the loudest and not those who perform the best and remain humble.
Pros: Good reputation for a hard school to go through.
People are young and dynamic.

Cons: Getting a work/life balance
Lack of clarity on "Career path" for Corporate functions
Advice: Continue to push vision/strategy "past" those at (top) management level - inspire bottom-up
Pros: Inspiring leadership
Great employee perks - summer working hours & monthly after-work events
Career potential
Fantastic products & passionate people
Good atmosphere/network
(Key) Responsibilities from day one!

Cons: - Wages
- Heavy workload, long working hours, pressure
- Small teams, heavy turnover
Advice: -Invest in better compensation incentives for employees
-Bigger teams to reduce turnover
Pros: - Teamwork
- Nice coleagues
- Fast paced environment, young people
- Learning fast, responisbilities from the start
- Training fro employees
- Interesting industry, a lot of brands, changing constantly

Cons: Sometimes lack of process thus new people redo what was already done.
Advice: Employees enjoy flexibility and protect them from being overloaded.
Pros: Fosters talent, appreciates pillars. Amazing opportunities to learn, grow, expand your horizons, travel, perks. I have been there for 10 years and love it.

Cons: Sometimes the instructions were not to clear, as a result my create confusion when executing the tasks.
Advice: Perhaps can give more mentorship to interns, otherwise all good!
Pros: Lot's of Fun! 
Had tons of opportunity to explore by myself as the company's digital analytics were still not too mature.

Cons: nothing really. I enjoy working here. Work is work anywhere you go it depends of you if you make it a good thing or something that stress you everyday
Advice: None
Pros: great company, great environment. You will learn a lot only if you really care about doing that. there is growth opportunities

Cons: - Poor Work/life balance
- Too many women + very policital mindset 
- Complicated validation processes &gt; heavy hiearchy
Advice: - Listen to your teams &gt; management should be more consensual and less "top down"
Pros: - Great wages
- Exciting projects, and good budgets to implement 
- many opportunities within the company

Cons: The location is quite far away from the city center so the transportation may take quite some time. Except that everything is fine.
Advice: None
Pros: Worldwide level platform and excellent colleagues to work with. Challenging and inspiring environment for young students. Worth to experience and learn from them.

Cons: Too much fluidity in structure resulting in doing too much work to achieve a simple goal.
Advice: More business structure is needed.
Pros: L'Oreal is a great place to work with a 100% push for work life balance. Employee welfare is top focal point for the management team.

Cons: Dealing with World Duty free staff was really difficult. Lack of organization and respect for the employees.
Advice: Pushing the retailers to be more respectful with L'oreal brand.
Pros: Working in an internacional enviorment, great area managers and bonus if you achieve the sales target.

Cons: Can be stressful - the "nothing is impossible" mentality is a blessing and a curse.
Advice: None
Pros: Bright, warm, confident people to work with.
Great opportunities for responsibility young in your career.
Huge selection of beautiful brands to work on.

Cons: Applicable to the finance department: Very top-down driven, hard to get involved in stuff outside your tasks, you cannot change the way things are done
Advice: Listen to employees
Pros: The free/discounted products, the working hours, the canteen, the summer working hours, some of the social events

Cons: Managementstyle can be improved and you need to be aware to manage your own work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: I work in Belgium. Great company with an incredible business model, great brands and global vision. Entrepreneurship, meritocraty and passion are core. Active careermanagement and infinite learning posiibilities.

Cons: Work life balance doesn't work for married with children, unclear performance review, like  dislike culture quite strong
Advice: Good company with good brand but not good maintaining good Talent
Pros: Lots of travelling, energetic yet fun and Dynamic. Good environment for entreuprenership.

Cons: Fast paced
Poor systems
Lack of clarity
No planned career advancement
Lack of coaching
No consistency in remuneration packages
A lot of multi tasking
Advice: Have more clarity in progression and remuneration package. Look into workload of individuals. Promote based on ability.
Pros: Talented work force
Motivated young team
Good brands
Decentralized leadership
Open culture

Cons: Could be more competitive in salary
Advice: Keep things simple abd promote top talent
Pros: Real beauty experts a lot of focus on formula, pack, and brand equity. Inspiring team of young people who have an eye for beauty rubning through their veins

Cons: For strategic decisions to actually take action it takes quite some time due to the burocratic structure of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: A company with a very wide portfolio of brands which allows its employes to analyze different markets, customer behaviors, competitors, etc.

Cons: It doesn't matter your personal time. No respect for timmings whatsoever. Management misses deadlines and so everyone else need to work on weekends...
Advice: Get some Project Management skills.
Pros: A full Marketing company. Everything is around marketing. Everything else is secondary... (including product quality...)

Cons: Every day is a new day to be creative and innovate your knowlege
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working enviroment, Benefits, salary and great oportunities to improve your capacibities.

Cons: Not so many opportunity to grow (career-wise) if stay in 1 country.
Advice: More acknowledgement of people's talent and career development
Pros: Highly challenging, Experience to work with many different nationalities, space to do things in our own way-as long as comply with L'Oreal way.

Cons: Lack of internal systems & processes.
Work culture is very negative.
Biased organization.
Advice: Encourage diversity across all levels. Currently it is very anti-management trainees / anti- men in general.
Pros: Good brand.
Compensation & benefits are as per industry standards.
Market leader in certain segments

Cons: Very long working hours even for interns, a lot of OT needed. Too much red tape and processes to get simple stuff done.
Advice: None
Pros: Good insight into a FMCG and beauty industry. Heavy responsibilities given to interns, can learn a lot.

Cons: Management is very protective of itself. Bashes on employees, negative workenvironment
Advice: Try to really understand what happens instore, get your hands dirty and trust people
Pros: Great freebies, good social plan (except if you work for bodyshop of other retail job)

Cons: lack of basic processes
Opportunitie to develop Operations e Sales departments
Advice: Achieve the same excelence we have in R&D and Maketing, but also in Operations & sales.
Pros: freedon to share & develop your ideas
Flexible job description

Cons: Management Sucks. No Process. Lack of Career Management.
Advice: Make Sure you propose real carrer management.
Pros: Great Company, with great budget. You can run fantastic projects if you get to convince the right people.

Cons: Difficult work-life balance and politics. Very little training provided and inefficient policies make it difficult to adhere to tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are some of the smartest people you will ever meet.

Cons: - Relatively lower pay then market
Advice: Invest compensation in home-grow talents rather than paying headhunts and high salaries to external hiring
Pros: - Very flexible in process
- Organic culture
- Appreciate individual contribution
- High rotate and transfer opportunities

Cons: Long gruelling hours, non-competitive pay. High turnover rate
Advice: Provide better work life balance.
Pros: Great recruitment of Management Trainees who are like minded individuals, interesting job rotation that allows breadth of experiences within different divisions

Cons: Management
Changes are not well managed
Last minute changes
Figures oriented
Most of the time, presentations are key to go up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Other people passion
The product
Social advantages
Nice teams
A lot of young people

Cons: Inconsistent, subjectivity, last minute change, strong like & dislike, blaming, uncertainty
Advice: More mature in terms of taking decision by taking into account more aspects and also thorough
Pros: Creative, dynamic, flexible, thrilling, fast-paced, culture of excellence

Cons: ~work life imbalance
~political
~staff turnover is high and dufficult to retain potential employees
Advice: should review on how to retain current employees
Pros: will have good profile in cv after working couple of years in loreal

Cons: -very people, not systematic
-need high energy level, can be too exhausted
Advice: None
Pros: -Strong career development program
-fast paced working environment
-innovative, encourage creativity and ownership
-strong brand portfolio, great business potential 
-value individual contribution
-competitive

Cons: It's very challenging and no life work balance. Very operational
Advice: Challenging and up to the head office implement strategy - no local flexibility
Pros: Great place to work, innovative and challenging! It's brilliant working there!

Cons: have to dual with a lot of pop-up issues and long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: lots of exposure and ownership as a junior position, seniors are helpful and very open to new ideas.

Cons: Intensive, hard to have a work life balance but it is to be expected i feel
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: great place to work!!! Great colleagues as well!

Cons: No Job Desc for each position, allowance and benefits are not competitive
Advice: Create competitive C&B pckagae, Trust the employees
Pros: Very Dynamic Organizations, Comfort Around Higher Level Managent is easily gained, Very Entreprenurial Spirit

Cons: 1. Saturday's are working
2. Need to work on proper work life balance
3. too much pressure
Advice: Weekends off for sales people will enhance productivity and reduce stress
Pros: 1. HR team is good
2. Young atmosphere

Cons: Work ethics, hypocracy, questential requirement to network within organization
Advice: HR is still a recruitment agency. Can do with a bit less of showoff culture.
Pros: Brand, cash, responsibity to certain extent

Cons: Work Life balance, no right to make a mistake, management unaccessibility, exagerated sense of detail...
Advice: Middle management style, negative influence and politics...
Pros: Inspiring people, strong corporate culture, challenging playground, responsibility, intrapreneurship, credibility, international

Cons: Really bad management, unrealisic sales goals.
Advice: Some managers arre very old fashion and dont like working with younger people
Pros: Nice to make your own schedule

Cons: 1. lack work life balance- it's common to work till 9pm and at weekends
2. not enough headcount
Advice: Should hire more people
Pros: 1. free goods and staff purchase
2. friendly colleagues
3. good medical benefits

Cons: long hours, sick pay isnt great, hard to progress due to bottleneck at higher levels
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit scheme, lots of flexible hours, good small team easy to get along with

Cons: Low flexibility of the hierarchy and general top-down management (depending on the teams) within the group.
Advice: /
Pros: Fast-pacing environment, great responsibilities, warm atmosphere, importance of team building and huge diversity of brands.

Cons: A very aggressive company which encourages competition within teams and gives very less motivational factors.
Advice: None
Pros: They give you an opportunity to be entrepreneurial in nature and let you explore more skills.

Cons: High turnover, Heaney work load with minimal direction. Not very consumer focused as a key driver for decisions is senior management, not consumer insights.
Advice: Employee retention.
Pros: Great starting salary and benefits. Head office is downtown which comes with the obvious perks. Lots of young, eager talent. Very fast paced and dynamic.

Cons: Work hours makes you question your existence.
Advice: Lack of headcount creates a shorter life expectancy for employee loyalty.
Pros: Freedom to manage your own business.

Cons: Low pay, heratic organization, bad project planning, no work incentives
Advice: Optimize the workload by better planning of projects.
Pros: Many ways to learn by doing, you never know what you are going to get

Cons: Sometimes, horrible people
Can be very rude / harsh sometimes,
Very short term
Sometimes shallow
Spent most of my time doing internal politics
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurship,
Gives high responsibilities - very early
Passion for details,
Autonomy
Sometimes, amazing people

Cons: You lose your life and the old dragons that have worked there for 15 years plus are so dull and do not think a life outside the company is possible. They talk about work life balance but do not support it In The slightest
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits , discount products fun for young team

Cons: Work overload and not always reworded by performance
Advice: Can contribute more to the career path of employees
Pros: Dynamic, challenging, ownership of brand development

Cons: No clear process
Besides, I don't realize any cons for Loreal Vietnam.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and stimulating environment.
Place for entrepreneurship and initiatives.
Managers care for personal development of employees

Cons: sometimes too many dramas. salary not as good as the job desc
Advice: keep on focusing on employees benefits that it'll be fine
Pros: very close relationship with colleague.

Cons: low work-life balance, no product discount for intern
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and the workplace is dynamic. You'll love it especially if you're passionate in beauty industry

Cons: Very stressful job. Poor structure.
Advice: Educate people to work in an uncertainty. Pay them more. Compensate tale hours.
Pros: Trips to Paris. Free cosmetic products.

Cons: Hard to get an internship of less than 6 months.
Advice: None
Pros: You learn a lot, the work is interesting and peers were inspirational.

Cons: Complicated, need to clarify and understand the situation, not easy to fit it at beginning
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities, flat communication, welcome freshman to try and learn

Cons: - work - life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - very nice work enviroment 
- a lot of projects
- motivated team 
- access to the newest trends

Cons: Demanding, not on par with work life balance
Advice: Listen more and to progress be more flexible
Pros: Innovative, fast paced, good culture,

Cons: working hours, bad work-life balance
Advice: try to promote policies to work the right amount of hours as written on contracts
Pros: nice environment, young people, pretty girls

Cons: Complicated and a bit slow process in terms of implementation of the latest digital trends.
Advice: None
Pros: Working in multicultural environment with clear opportunities for relocation.

Cons: Needs improvement on work life balance and environment aesthetics.
Advice: More outdoor/non work related activities
Pros: Great team, many staff benefits and comfortable working hours.
