Cons: Corporate personnel treated better than plant personnel.  i.e. the corporate summer hours were better than plant summer hours.  It also appeared that career progression was better if you were in corporate instead of the plant.  Extremely long hours, work-life balance was non-existent in plants.  French management often had unrealistic expectations and little respect for the fact that we were in the US and not France.  Newly hired college graduates were hired and moved into positions where they managed employees who had been with the company for years and the long term employees had to train the new managers.  The graduates were then promoted and the long term employees had to train the next new graduate hired.  It was an endless cycle.  Raises were minimal 1-2% and they didn't keep up with the industry.
Advice: Provide recently promoted managers with management training.  Don't just throw the new manager in and expect them to sink or swim.  Also, just because someone attended certain universities (i.e. Cornell, Lehigh) that does not ensure they will be a great employee; look into the talent pool you have already.  Many employees are overlooked due to political reasons. L'Oreal has a wonderful talent pool that should be utilized.
Pros: Learned a lot about the cosmetic and fragrance manufacturing industry.   Benefits were very good (health, dental, 401K and company store).  I was able to work my way from a clerk to senior manager in those years. I obtained extensive business knowledge during my time with L'Oreal and would work there again if the opportunity ever arose.

Cons: L’Oréal is not a place for everyone.  It can be a challenging environment with high visibility and ownership but with little direction and process.  Those who crave the direction and order that process brings, would not do well here.  One needs to quickly develop a point of view and be confident in opinions and decisions.  The company is also quite large so it can also be difficult to find the necessary answers so those who lack initiative and resourcefulness would also find it a difficult environment to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked in several large retail corporations and L'Oréal is by far the best career move I've made! The culture is quite unique; extremely innovative, entrepreneurial and diverse. The opportunities for growth and development are endless as long as you are proactive; those who complain about the lack of development are generally the ones who do not take control of their careers and actively seek out the necessary conversations with management and HR.  In the 2+ years here, I have had great visibility to the entire business, have been given many stretch assignments which push my critical thinking and analytics and have also developed an irreplaceable network of very intelligent professionals from whom I learn so much. My team dynamic is wonderfully collaborative and I feel extremely supported by my manager and colleagues.  The benefits are great with a company store and café on-site.

Cons: Zero respect for work life balance
Highly irrational thinking/actions are tolerated and sometimes rewarded
People work very hard but no smart.  There is a lot of waste of money, time and resources due to poor planning 
Treat vendors poorly.  Constantly have vendors bid for projects and then expect at least 2-3x the amount of work from them without compensating them for their time
It is very much a hyper political environment.  Management is paranoid and alliances are very quickly built.   Not playing a long will cost you.
Advice: Fix the culture.  L'Oreal is known for it's horrible work/life balance and for the irrational and sometimes hysterical behavior of senior management.  While the company is profitable and growing, I believe there are massive amounts of profit being lost due to the horrible culture of the company. 

There are teams dedicated to just coming in and spinning within L'Oreal.  While it is good to have someone come in and push you or provide learnings, I would suggest having headcount to help execute.  It is useless to have someone constantly come in and tell you what you can do better.  Have them help do it.  That is L'Oreal's problem.  A lot of spinning but not much support.
Pros: They will move you up quickly if you are willing to work 24/7 and they know there are 1,000 people waiting in line to take your place if you don't want to
Analytical
Will keep you on your toes
Wondeful benefits 
Great perks

Cons: The next month will be my last days at L'Oreal. During my four years, I have been struggled, battled the culture of L'Oreal USA.  I have learned much everything in one year and after that it has been a routine. One of reasons that I stayed in the company is because of job security( at the time, i did not have any choice). Great people working together as team but poor management. Poor management has been a problem which is the cause of high turnover, many  left the company including  pe
ople in my team. ( people stay for 3-4 years).
L'Oreal culture is not for everyone and  it all depends on your Manager  and the group to be succeed.Otherwise, It can be a nightmare
Advice: None
Pros: Discount store, 401k benefits,  training, internship opportunities. Good company for entry level positions.

Cons: The company decieded  that the retail division was not something they needed.  As everyone knows in merchandising, the retail level communication between the store personel and management and customer is sooo important.
Advice: The retail level is one of the most important aspects of the company. We are the eyes and ears.
Pros: Awesome company to work for! Excellent rate of pay! Tons of free product!! Love it! Loreal has a world renowned reputation. The product is in almost every home in some way. It was a pleasure to work for the company. I would return at any time ! The hours were flexible. As long as the work was completed, I could service at any time. Division meetings in Dallas and Houston were fantastic!! Five star hotel accomodations, all meals paid!! Lots of knowledge about product!

Cons: Terrible leadership. It was astonishing to me that L'Oreal allowed the leadership to exist is such a self serving manner.  It is all about making top management look good at the expense of the employees in the field that make it happen.  Each sales person was basically told "You can be replaced".
Advice: Bring in LEADERS; people who know how to inspire teams of people to achieve both the company goals and the development goals for the employee.  There is a lot of talk of development, but when people in leadership positions have no idea how to lead people, and it is ALWAYS about the manager, achievement cannot be sustained. They do not know how to sustain consistant growth through their most valuable assets; their employees.  L'Oreal needs to really look into the leadership in Skinceuticals.  On paper, they may be showing numbers, but those numbers are at the expense of much higher profit that is being lost by the inefficient leadership.
Pros: Only one is the products are very good. However, management is terrible.

Cons: As a senior sales executive, you may feel handcuffed.  Senior management give little to no latitude for you to make decisions without approval.  So you run the ball in and have no flexibility to deviate without going back to get approval.  Basically, despite your tap dancing and making suggestions, you have no authority.  If you want to be trusted for your experience and creativity to solve complex negotiations and business decisions on the spot, forget it.
Advice: Your good, you could be great if you'd let your sales team off the tight leash.  Your people are talented, but are afraid to make a decision.  Not the best way to develop customer partnerships.
Pros: The food, hey it's French.

Cons: It is not difficult to spend more hours here than you intended to.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal USA is a great place to work. The company cares about the community, promoting a national volunteer day, eco-friendly resources, and allowing employees to volunteer on company time. L'Oreal also affords its employees amazing health and wellness benefits. Additionally, I work on a team in which every member is always willing to lend a helping hand, and I have heard this truth resonate throughout the company. Additionally, the amount of career growth and mobility at L'Oreal USA is amazing! In my short time here, I have seen employees move across functions, brand, and even countries!

Cons: Too many career decisions are made by people that barely know who you are or what you are capable of doing.
People rarely look for your opinion regarding future roles or listen when you provide the information.
Too many layers of decision making to get from point A to point B.
Advice: Create levels of advancement in Purchasing.  There's little room for advancing in the department and when you try to leave the department for other opportunities within the company there is very little if any support if the decision to move did not come from management.
Pros: Benefits are good and most of the people are extremely good at what they do.

Cons: Salaries can be lower than average for the industry. Annual raises are low (around 1-2%), promotion raises are very small (around 5%, with very few getting higher). There are no strict rules when it comes to employee reviews. Every manager does them differently and many will rate you based on their own opinions rather than following guidelines from HR. 
Lots of politics and BS. The French rule everything and make all the decisions. If you are not French then there is little room for you at the top (most top management is sent over from France). Employee turnover rate is high.
Advice: Train your mid-level managers before putting them in that role. Don't just give a new manager a team of employees and let them figure it out - you are hurting people's careers. There should be more oversight on the annual review process and discussion before reviews are submitted. Managers should be taught how to give helpful feedback and not give BS explanations for poor ratings.

Maybe if you give higher salaries and raises your employees won't keep leaving for competitors. Show your employees that you value them and don't treat them like they are easily replaceable.
Pros: Your experience in R&D is very dependent on what department you are in and who your manager is. Some departments are doing great things with lots of innovation. Others are dead-ends where you might never get to do anything new. Quality of managers varies, some that help you learn and give you good opportunities. Others can be a nightmare with unrealistic expectations and company politics. Lots of inexperienced managers that can hurt your growth and make your days miserable. Growth can be very limited, but you can learn a lot about the industry. There are opportunities to move within the company but it doesn't happen quickly.

Company store is a nice perk, good company benefits and more holidays than most. Lots of free products. Company does other nice things like an annual volunteer day and year-end event in NYC. The culture in R&D is usually fun. Jobs are stable as very few people are ever fired.

Cons: It can be a difficult culture to initially acclimate to and you have to be comfortable with a lot of ambiguity, but once you get it, it's great.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal really has the best of a small company coupled with the stability of a large company. You are an active player in your career development, you have the ability to customize your job scope to fit your interests, and you are encouraged to explore opportunities within other parts of the company, other brands, other specialties, etc.

Cons: Very political and rigid. Catty and rude behavior is rewarded, which can be disheartening. It takes a certain type of person to truly thrive at this company. If you don't fit the right L'Oreal image, you will have a tough time. You definitely have to have an incredibly thick skin to work here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands that are interesting and well known. The salary is good and the benefits are great. You learn a lot about the business side of beauty at  L'Oreal, which is invaluable experience you can take anywhere.

Cons: Excessively Long Hours to try to meet upper managements un-reasonable expectations.  
It is the Ivory Tower - Out of Touch Management that makes it a bad place to work and their expectations cause them to loose good people left and right.
Advice: Do not be afraid to adjust goals.  It is better to adjust goals than to loose great workers because they are over-worked by trying to complete un-realistic goals.
Pros: Good for Resume
Get to work with some great and smart people in middle management

Cons: Not a 9-5 job.  There are days where you'll have to work very late hours, but hard work pays off here.  Not always an optimal work/life balance, so you need to see what works for you.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of great benefits, nice people, huge growth potential.  If you are a hard worker, and a good worker, you will be recognized and move up the ranks quickly.

Cons: bad management harassment ,bullying and no human resources to resort too! inexperienced people in positions they are not qualified for. where they look to blame rather then find  solutions to the total chaos they had developed. wasting  money on a normal basis is part of the culture and replacing good people with friends from previous companies they had worked. managers they had previously LET GO were more competent then they are now!
Advice: get Streetsboro under control
Pros: L'Oreal as a whole, excellent  company to work for. good benefits great hours real pleasure to go to work for 5 yrs. until NEW management came in and botched everything up!

Cons: Top down management
Extremely political
Heavily micromanaged
Disempowering with little autnonomy
Poor work/life balance - does not match comp
Product innovation focused, not consumer driven
Not best place for experienced hires from other organizations; assimilation to corporate culture is difficult 
Inconsistent hiring practices (people with same background can come in with different titles and comp)
More focus on recruitment than retention
Advice: None
Pros: Many brands and opportunities to move around every 1.5 years 
Business is growing

Cons: Clinical management is not handled appropriately. Not everyone is management material, anda degree does not equal a good or great manager, great problem solver, etc. Managers are either a wall or a resource to their team. Unofficial (official) managers, or allowing peers to manage is an unacceptable behavior.
Advice: Companies large or small can no longer to afford to lose sight of what is important to employees and how to retain the best. The playing field must be level and companies that continue to wear blinders, for some staff, that act outside of the policies and behaviorial standards (if you have them) will suffer from turnover.
Pros: Love of the product(s)

Cons: Excessively long hours at this site, due to the nature of the business overall, often happens.  Preparing for corporate frequent visits takes away too much production time.
Advice: Continue to work with employees to make the workplace a place they want to succeed and prosper.
Pros: Clean environment with comfortable working conditions as much as possible. Good pay with great benefits for the present and future. Lots of worker teamwork. Safety of workers is a high priority.

Cons: Long hours including mandatory overtime standing almost the entire shift.  Lots of management changes bringing their own sets of rules and ideas to adapt to.
Advice: When a there is a change in policy or idea, stick to it permanently and not just for a few weeks.
Pros: Good pay and benefits usually with ample amounts of overtime.  All PPE and uniforms including safety shoes and prescription safety glasses provided.

Cons: It can be chaotic, and not a process driven as other companies
Advice: None
Pros: I like that I am given autonomy and trusted to handle my business. The company will let you explore an idea, so you get the opportunity to prove yourself. Most of the people I work with are high performers, so keeping up with them has helped me improve myself.

Cons: Work/life balance, your career mobility depends on a lot on your manager's opinion, French management politics.
Advice: Work toward becoming less top-heavy.  People spend too much time preparing for internal meetings and less time focusing on making the world more beautiful.
Pros: Entrepreneurial, innovative, fast-paced, challenging environment, but not competitive...people only compete with themselves.

Cons: Manager changed 5 times in 2 years.  
Low retention rate
Long hours
Couldn't progress without an MBA (experience doesn't count)
Advice: Hire people who really want this as their career.  People left L'Oreal left and right.
Pros: Great benefits and perks
Learned a lot about the beauty industry and consumer goods
Allowed me to eventually be hands on

Cons: Bad behaviors/management are sometimes passed off as part of French 'culture'. The entrepreneurial drive that promotes some can be at the cost of those around them.
Advice: Happy workers create great work! We need to lighten up and shed the "Devil Wears Prada" stigma.
Pros: Hard work pays off. You can climb very quickly if you show entrepreneurial interest. A quick advamce is a possibility here.

Cons: Employees shift through positions way too fast. Management does not give enough time for the employee to get a strong handle on his or her position. Minimal training in some positions   and un-realistic expectations.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots to learn, many challenges and opportunities. Highly dynamic work environment.

Cons: Very stressful environment. A lot of turnover mostly as a result of unrealistic expectations from senior management. Too many meetings.
Advice: Set realistic and attainable goals.
Pros: Great benefits. Company is a recognized leader in the industry which could look good on your résumé when applying for future positions.

Cons: Poor work life balance, unfair sometimes on perks (work from home days/locations etc)
Advice: While doing what is best for company also keep in mind what is best for an employee. Work life balance is way off. Add support in all areas.
Pros: Innovative products, many opportunities, great benefits.

Cons: Supervisor that lies to your face and not apologize for it.
Advice: People like that tarnish the image of L'Oreal.
Pros: They made me feel at home from the first day I started there as an outside contractor.

Cons: Abusive management 
Total lack of respect for hourly employees
No job security when seventy percent of workforce is temps
Stupid meeting where they lie and brainwash hourly employees
Advice: If you hate you're job and life change it..
Pros: Good benefits and double time on Sundays
Never work as a temp to hire our there is no pros
One week vacation on hire

Cons: Need to be able to manage multiple tasks and changing priorities
Advice: None
Pros: Its all about whet you put in to grow your career if you petrol high and network well opportunities are good. People are passionate hard working and motivated

Cons: I live in Brooklyn and the office is in NYC.  I wish the office was closer to where I lived.
Advice: I think management should share more financial information.
Pros: You get to create your career.  Managers encourage associates to innovate solutions.

Cons: Huge pressure to make your numbers. Too many product launches make it challenging for some of them to stick in the market.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay & benefits. Great travel allowances. Lots of product launches to increase your sales.

Cons: A lot of manual work, not enough automation, not having a college education is frowned upon, poor salary compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Family oriented,  great perks, company store on premise, friendly people to work with, good work life balance

Cons: Very Long Hours, Little Appreciation, Little Senior Management Recognition
Advice: Treat both mid level and jr employees better
Pros: Great Benefits, Secure company, Decent Salaray, Some good people

Cons: too corporate, does not listen to experienced employees, hires from east coast too much.
Advice: listen to your employees that are under you.
Pros: New technology, limited competitive products

Cons: Tight budgets, insane hours, overworked and frazzled....where'd my life go?
Advice: Be realistic and empathetic, not everyone wants to eat, sleep, breathe their career
Pros: Access to the best products and technology, the people

Cons: Poor Work/Life Balance
Hard to find "headcount" for anyone
High Stress
Advice: None
Pros: Great mentors and relationship building
Fast-paced environment
Ability to climb the ladder
Very analytical focused

Cons: I did not like the hours in Miami
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks like a Gym membership and great food. I left because I did not like working in Miami

Cons: The worklife balance can be challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: I love beauty products and its so fun to see all the new products that are coming out. The people I work with are great, welcoming and diverse.

Cons: Supervisors and management were usually too busy to do meetings regarding intern projects.
Advice: None
Pros: The L'Oreal Operations Internship program was very well prepared to teach interns about company values and the importance of communication.

Cons: Too big a gap between  analyst and management levels
Advice: None
Pros: Great company store discount and store is In the building

Cons: You can have a very heavy workload at times.
Advice: Thank you for letting me work with you and giving me many opportunities.
Pros: Fun, great people, challenging, very progressive. A great company to work for!

Cons: Long overs and overtime but it is worth it if you want to advance within company.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of hands on experience, mentoring and marketing development and knowledge.

Cons: Management is lacking knowledge and does not know how to manage employees.  I manage my manager :(
Advice: Listen to your teammates and stop being so arrogant
Pros: Great starting salary and overall experience

Cons: Weak Supply Chain leadership at L'Oreal USA
Advice: The good old boy system needs to go away.
Pros: Great people and family atmosphere

Cons: Girls club, cliquey, compensation lower than market.
Advice: Ensure compensation aligns with effort and market value or talent will walk
Pros: Ability to move around and cross develop.

Cons: Management set up being shared between companies/ Pay lower than industry standard
Advice: Higher Pay
Pros: Top education, being part of the best of the best, education that helped me grow

Cons: very stressful, salary is just so so, many bosses are tough...
Advice: really spend more on People
Pros: young community, free company goods, good reputation in beauty industry

Cons: Only one type of profile succeed, you really need to fit the L'Oreal mindset...no room for others!
Advice: None
Pros: Great "school" to learn all marketing skills

Cons: They don't like to have you speak your mind and much as you should be able to.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people for the most part.

Cons: They are integrating a lot of sites together and making things less effective.
Advice: None
Pros: Good upside potential, good pay, good benefit

Cons: awful work/life balance, burnout rate is high, little upwards movement
Advice: None
Pros: great experience, access to products, respected name in industry

Cons: Laid off sales force and transferred work to third party
Advice: None
Pros: I had a great manager that really cared about our future goals

Cons: Long hours, poor work life balance 

Restructure / cut backs
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits  401k , job experience , training opportunity

Cons: Some departments were friendlier than others
Advice: Make career pathing a priority
Pros: Offered a great working environment

Cons: Cheap company, poor training 
Didn't have good bonus incentives
Advice: None
Pros: Job was easy, not difficult 
Long hours

Cons: high volatility, lots of pressure, many meetings
Advice: More empowerment and consideration of employees.
Pros: Dynamic, good professional expertise, ethic

Cons: To far to drive to work.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great people, Great incentives, Good Pay.

Cons: the wrong people being rewarded
hr does not really care
intelligence is frowned upon
low salary/raises
politics leading to obstruction of intelligent work
no recognition/rewards
too many layers
Advice: really listen to the people who care and reward those who actually produce results
Pros: friendly colleagues
database of information but hard to sort through

Cons: it was also a stressful experience
Advice: None
Pros: it was a very instructive experience

Cons: Many departments log long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Room for growth
Given good resonsibility

Cons: over time is the norm
Advice: None
Pros: good hardworking people, nice environment,

Cons: No comments, too risky, neutral
Advice: None
Pros: customers, products, offices, employees, benefits

Cons: From mood swings to screaming; this is not a professional environment to work in.
Advice: Needs basic management 101 skills.
Pros: small team so you learn a lot about the business.

Cons: - They work you like a slave, work life balance is terrible and the management always asks for more than you but never acknowledges your efforts (for them it's normal that you work so late), no gratification for your work
- No support from management
- HR are useless and not helpful
- Not international at all (Switzerland is a very small market with very limited budget, can be quite frustrating during international meetings when you see what other markets can do)
- Burnouts are very common (at least once a month)
- Extremely high turnover
- 0 benefits or perks (apart from free products)
- Very low salary for swiss standards
- Low career opportunities: you will change brands very quickly and they will change your title but come a certain point you won't be able to have such a high position as they are limited in number
Advice: Hire more staff as all teams are understaffed, care more about the team's well being, don't put so much pressure (it's just a jar of cream at the end of the day), if you want to overwork your teams then you should reward them with a higher salary or perks
Pros: Everybody is young (25-30ish), good atmosphere, colleagues get along, free products, you get to make strategic decisions

Cons: Russian office is suffering a lot during last 2-3 years. Marketing teams had been completely changed several times, brand managers came and just in some time leave the company, they simply rejected to work in such conditions. The main reason: lack of strategic thinking behind actions. Top management is undoubtedly very professional, but middle management and especially their attitude to their teams leave much to be desired. A good place to start career but do not recommend to come from another company
Advice: Invest in people, start to treat staff as main company's asset. Brand and products are nothing if there is no good team behind, especially in marketing
Pros: Fantastic products and brands, outstanding brand development teams in DMI, consequently plenty of innovations that continuously launching on the market. Also since this is beauty company, that beauty touch is felt everywhere. In Russian office you can be promoted really fast and become marketing director in your 30 (but actually I doubt that this is a good point)

Cons: While in some companies management trainees have their own projects, a lot of departments where you get your rotations treat you as a free labor to do the most boring work. Many managers don't understand that you are paid twice as much as a basic intern, and it would be more useful for the company and the trainee to give more interesting projects with some responsibility. So my advice is to ask upfront for a specific project (as it will help you gain management experience), and avoid routine work which people just try to get rid of (it doesn't teach you anything and doesn't bring any value) or try to share it, otherwise your motivation will dissapear very soon.
It seems also that headcount in some departments is not right at all - some people work till 9-10 p.m. very often, while others always leave at 6 p.m. (not because they are more efficient)
Advice: Develop a specific program for each trainee with projects they can be solely responsible for. Tell managers that it's a waste of resources to give a lot of routine work to management trainees (they are paid sometimes more than junior brand managers and more than most "specialist" positions)
Pros: A lot of nice people, no dress code, free lunch

Cons: -very stressful environment
-too busy to train new employees
-people are not so welcoming, too much backstabbing and gossiping
-life revolves around work, don't expect a personal life
-high turnover, can't keep employees 
-HR lies to new recruits, promises them of a dream job
-Most workers are young, because they are mostly fresh from university or have little experience, still naive, but they soon realize the L'Oreality and leave.  A new set of young naive recruits enter and another set of overworked tired workers leave...this cycle never ends.
Advice: Hire more people, the problem is that people leave due to high stress because there's not enough personnel.  You will always have people leaving if you don't listen to their needs.  Everyone is swamped with work. Stop focusing on production for a moment and try focusing on the real  and bigger problem: employees well-being.  If you ask every single employee if they are satisfied, they will tell you they hate this place.  You only realize how brutal L'Oréal is once you get to work there, otherwise, it seems like the ideal place, bunch of bullcrap.
Pros: -Good starting salary
-discount on products
-unlimited overtime

Cons: Very hierarchical company structure, resulting in very long decision making processes and also resulting in stressed out people since top management in Paris have no idea/don't care of the workload. Everybody is stressed out and depressed. Very bad work/life balance. Low salary. Last minute decisions and changes all the time, partly because none of the managers dare to say "NO" to Paris. Very competitive culture, also internally. A lot of responsibility but not the same amount of control over decisions - very frustrating. Very old-fashion it /reporting systmes. A lot of time spend on reporting to Paris - could have been spend on developing the business. Managers have good technical skills, but very poor people skills.
Advice: Take care of your employees - this would benefit the company as well sine the turnover rate is extremely high and a lot of knowledge is lot and money spend every time a good employee leaves/burn out.
Pros: Steap learning curve, good colleagues, nice products

Cons: - No work-life balance
- A lot of stress, very fast changing of situations, L'Oréal chaos 
- You have to be be fluent French to get to management positions
- Most of the time you aŕe rather a Firefighter than a Financial Controller
- Lower salaries than the competition
- Also incompetent employees can reach responsible positions only by waiting long enough
Advice: None
Pros: - Lot's of experience - As an intern/trainee you can advance very fast to responsible assignments that are done by Senior middle-management in other companies
- Fast career advance
- No boundaries and lot's of opportunities to try out different fields - it is no problem to go from Finance to Purchasing/Procurement and vice versa, however moving from Finance to Marketing, although possible, is not so often to be seen
- Very dynamic

Cons: Management bullying does exist , and HR do not help you .... They bully you into not taking it to tribunal....managers get promoted who have complaints for bullying team 
Favouritism encouraged 
5-6 hrs driving on top of your 8 hr day is allowed by HR
Meetings last for hr...8am start 7pm finish , even though there is a L'Oreal meeting charter up on the walls 
If you have over 8 yrs service they try to get you out rather than pay the salary , trying to go down the capability route , watch out !
Advice: HR need to listen to the team members about management bullying it does go on and needs to be addressed
Pros: Staff shop
Great to have on your cv

Cons: Very individualist complany. French people lead and always will. French language is a must to grow in the company. Top Manager are excellent is few skills and are placed in places that suite those skills. The company doen not look for complete managers, just for people able to deliver in a specific area. Extremely long working days
Advice: Focus on key priorities. Lot's of time wasted in useless details. top management quality at local level very poor
Pros: Exellence is a must, you will learn how not to compromise and how to look for the best. Challenging enviroment enables you to cope with pressure.

Cons: High Turnover and constant change of management in the company.  It gets tiring having to re-establish relationship with new managers, in 1 year you can have 2-3 different managers.  All the hard work you did to prove yourself with your previous manager can be wasted.  Because here, it doesn't matter what you did last month, what are you doing this minute?

LONG hours.  If there is an international visit be prepared to work weekends and late evenings.  Sometimes these visits are a surprise and they tell you to prepare in 2-3 weeks (mostly rare).  You end up preparing 100 different ppt. slides, 5 of which might actually be used.  The entire visit process is such a waste of time, you're basically putting on a big show for the big international bosses.  I haven't heard bad things about them, I've typically heard that they were pretty friendly, but it's just a waste of time.  Everyone is stressed out and running around like chickens with their heads cut off.   

Office Politics.  This is soo huge here.  Like the comment above, its all about putting on a show.  Making it seem like you're doing so much work and its amazing.  Everything is controlled by HR, and they are watching/analyzing you're every move. It's all about if they like you, performance has less to do than you would expect.  Lots of backstabbing.  But at first its so hidden, you don't realize anything once you have the rosy shades on from being so excited to get hired.  Then slowly you see cases where upper management suddenly vanishes from the company.  People will throw you under the bus to get ahead.  Poor value system.  Don't trust anyone!  Everyone is looking out for themselves.  

Logistics and IT sucks here.  You'd think that a company that is so cutting edge in innovation, they would invest more in their logistics management systems and operations.  Especially being a CPG giant.  Expect computers from the mid 19th century (kidding. but seriously: crappy IT).  It slows down your work, frustrating.  

Poor management (sometimes):  If you have a bad manager, all i say is GOOD LUCK! you can be the hardest working, most intelligent employee and if they don't like you, you're screwed.  If your manager doesn't know what they're doing, GOOD LUCK! this typical doesn't happen, but it does (i guess this is a risk at all companies)  But don't dare voice your opinions to HR, because their motto is "too bad, its your responsibility to deal with it"
Advice: Relax, it's just a stick of lipstick.  You're not curing cancer.
Pros: Discounted products
Great training opportunities in other cities (Paris, NYC)
The pride of telling people you work at L'Oreal
Opportunities for movement, both up or different brands
Good salary
Great opportunities for recent grads, MBA or otherwise
If you're in Marketing, this can be a really great company to work for because they spend a lot of $ on marketing
Amazing learning experience
A lot of responsibility early on in your career (if they like you)
Young crowd
innovative products 
lost of investment PR (luminato, tiff etc.)

Cons: Enormous pressure, stressful working environment, long decision making processes, countries are extremely dependent on HQ, employees are not valued
Advice: Value your employees! A lot of knowledge, expertise & ideas get lost due to the heavy fluctuation making the internal processes very slow and create wrongdoings. The company could be so much more profitable with a little more employee satisfaction through personal valuation and by employing managers that have a people-focus and know how to motivate their teams!
Pros: Great responsibility, marketing freedom due to big marketing budget, dynamic & young people, international exposure

Cons: Lack of management skills, lack of good structure and good standardized processes, very poor compensation package compared to competitors,  poor introduction to company and training, work/life balance is for some non-existing
Advice: Spend more time developing the employees, search for candidates internally, have more structure in in the way you do business, develop managers through training and courses
Pros: Great name, great brands, good products, trusted with a lot of responsibility from the start, people are proud to work for L'Oréal, International feel, great collegues

Cons: it's sweatshop - you will be doing the job of 4-5 people at the same position in the Western European subsidiary, HUGE turnover (abou 20%\)
Advice: there should be the same approach towards employees across the company in the different countries - the offices comfort is not the same, the workload is not the same, very few locals (not to say "no at all" in the management comittee), no credible intelligent HR directors.
Pros: it's international company and have such employer in the 3d world country is greatest advantage

Cons: Very flshy, takes things on face value, highly perception driven, takes decision based on "Who" aspect rather than "what", top management in India not very capable,
Advice: Takes some good people in Country top management from outside. Devise mechanism to identify talent instead of going by perception, takes decision based on merit of the case and not by who has done it
Pros: Very open and vibrant culture, truly democratic in decisionmaking, not much office politics, senior management very respectful to juniors, efficient middle management

Cons: There was no cons while I was working. Just nothing to say about it.. Really.. It was my first and very inspiring job.
Advice: I like my manager very much) Thank you! Nothing to add.
Pros: Many interesting people. Communication. Competitive salary and bonuses. Travelling all over the country. Working with new modern technologies. Just have a nice time)

Cons: Some benefits are lower than in other big companies (Insurance).
They prefer ex pats from Europe for some upper mgmt positions. 
For certain managerial positions  they prefer to hire external instead to use internal talent, and they do had internal talent.
Advice: None
Pros: So challenging, good environment, exciting opportunity, working in the leader company is  really a good experience, most of the people are really commited with their work. One of the remaining companies in Mexico that invest in training.

Cons: Long working hours, high pressure from management. young professionals tend to work for themselves only - helping colleagues and supporting them is not within people's interest at L'Oreal.
Advice: senior management is not approachable at all.
Pros: You get free products or pay a reduced price. The employees are usually young and motivated. Working at L'Oreal is not only linked to cosmetics, trends in fashion, music and film are also important and part of the job.

Cons: Overall a great experience. Nothing negative to talk about
Advice: Nothing in particular
Pros: One of the finest companies to work for, amongst the leading MNC's in India. Great work life balance, plenty of opportunities, very process driven & absolutely ethical company to work for. Rewards & recognizes talent & hard work. Plenty of opportunities for working with other countries within the Zone. Appraisal systems are very transparent. Products are also very good & well researched.

Cons: Low work-life balance, wasting time on details, high pressure, high stress,  working times, french culture first.
Advice: Become a real multi-national company, not a big French company. Pushing international opportunities for employees, with an internal job-posting system for example. Stop countries to think as separated companies, more as a group.
Pros: Huge resources to handle, big responsibilities, many grow opportunities, great environment, act as a leader, great for marketing people.

Cons: Very political work environment. Human resources guidelines are unclear at best and only seem to improve when you say you'll be leaving. Not a lot of room to grow. Low salaries.
Advice: Need more open and honest communication about future possibilities.
Pros: Worked with a great team and had a very good learning experience. Good environment if you want to try many different jobs on the same level.

Cons: Before joining I assumed a highly professional work environment due to the world class products L'Oréal markets, unfortunately I have encountered immature and shallow material girls/ boys on all levels obsessed with the superficialities of life. The workload and inefficiency is insane, people that can't keep up are considered 'weaklings' and not worthy. No business processes and no HR vision. Get ready to be stabbed in the back and lied to: making co-workers look bad is the way to get ahead!
Advice: Interesting reading material: 'The No A*****e Rule: Building a Civilized Workplace'
Pros: Oustanding brands
Discounts on L'Oréal products

Cons: - Political
- Incredibly slow moving, decisions take a long time by which point the competition has already sped 
   ahead
- Legal are ultra strict and inefficient, only accept paper submissions
- Company is completely inefficient, repetitive reports, work which could be automated
- IT is shockingly bad. Internet down for half days at a time, months to resolve
- Email culture, cc everyone to cover your backside
- Senior Management are arrogant, false, pretend to care because they've been told to show more 
  empathy
- Scores very low on internal worker survey vs UK average
- Meetings NEVER start on time, not uncommon for senior meetings to run over by 5,6 hours
- Late nights are inevitable as there simply aren't enough people to cover the workload
- Headcount is kept unbearably low, the very minimum to get the job barely done
- Due to such heavy work load many have checked out on stress leave
- As another poster said they think you'll never leave
- No salary bands are published, zero transparency from upper management ( this is starting to 
  change)
- HR have no succession planning or a very vague plan of you can be a General Manager within 5 
  years
- The place practically runs on Interns and Grads who are brought through the Management Trainee 
   programme but are really a form of cheap labour and often take up positions that would be full time 
   headcount in other firms

Avoid unless you just want the name on your CV
Advice: Bring in IT teams who are not just help-desk support

Your people are valuable and not just commodities to be kept to the lowest level possible

Learn how to be more agile, make decisions faster, allow people to fail but learn from the experience

Drop the arrogance

Become FULLY transparent, starts all the way at the top

LISTEN to people at exit interviews and don't assume 'they'll be back' or 'they wont like it' there are very good / fixable reasons why people leave
Pros: - High Levels of Responsibility given early
- High Budget Spend
- Some freedom to Try New Ideas 
- People are generally intelligent, motivated and ambitious

Cons: Very large organization with complex matrix structure. If you can navigate large companies, you will find success here. Lots of opportunities to grow.
Advice: Look within your own ranks for talent.
Pros: Surrounded by beauty professionals who are passionate about the work and the industry as whole. Many opportunities to learn form category veterans.

Cons: they wear through good people quickly, unfortunately all people in senior management are not necessarily people minded
Advice: Don't wait until your good people leave before realizing that they are unhappy--all levels of management should be held accountable for how they treat their teams
Pros: good benefits for senior management, ability to work with several departments and contribute feedback

Cons: No time for innovative approach, chaotic organisation, French management style, no respect for timings and schedules, medium salaries, stress
Advice: Give people tools and time to be creative, respect timings (especially top management!), pay more so talents won't quit after 2 years
Pros: Young teams, great products to work with, great quality of marketing materials from Headquarters

Cons: - need to work on performance review to screen out those with weak performance, especially in the level of manager or above
- management skills of management team are weak
- old staff tends to be lacking of motivation
Advice: - conduct 360 mandatory employee survey
Pros: - good working procedures
- good people
- dynamic environment
- good development chance for staff

Cons: frecnh Politics atmosphere, very little " practical work" done.  Very underpaid.
Advice: try to avoid talent migration and develop true creative thinknig on the youngest
Pros: Many pretty women if you are straight , young and single, great place to "make" friends

Cons: Too much politics, not well organised, High turn-over rate
Advice: management wants to keep rules and they break the rule also. Chaos !!
Pros: If your're Dynamic person and very passionate for promotion. it could be a right place.
Can Learn and experience really many things in a short period.

Cons: Very political - you only have chance to grow it you know the right people;
Doesn't have processes, what makes your routine very confused;
You work many many hours a day.
Advice: None
Pros: Have a well structured R&D department;
Internacional exchange with people from all over the world.

Cons: Very low (5% maximum) raises, and extremely slow career development
Advice: To keep the good people, you need to give them more motivation - like bonuses based on performance, or a faster development track!
Pros: The highest level of expertise, huge resources and freedom to do research

Cons: Management can be a little bit strong sometimes
Human Ressources are a bit slow and tend to be sneaky!
Advice: Improve communication and do not give too much power to HR
Pros: Best marketing school
Great products
Very challenging
Amazing team spirit
Profit and Stock sharing

Cons: No career growth, no HR, un necessary sales pressure, no strategy for growth
Advice: Focus on systems and processes instead of targets only
Pros: Work life balance (depending on Boss), great brands

Cons: Perhaps lacking in modernity and really behind when it comes to technology.
Advice: Look outside the L'Oreal group for inspiration and be more connected to the local community.
Pros: L'Oreal is an incredibly entrepreneurial place where you can gain a tremendous amount of experience.

Cons: - hours sometimes long 
- superficial nature of the industry 
- need to promote more women into senior positions
Advice: Can feel womanizing at times
Pros: - clear career path 
- great training
- nice culture 
- good people
- amazing learning experience

Cons: Had a very busy workload, could have worked 24 hours - more my expectations of myself
Advice: More attention to recognizing employees
Pros: Very positive experience, felt like I was treated with respect.

Cons: Heavy workload, stressful environment, high probability of burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, Opportunities to lead teams and projects, Responsibilities

Cons: Lots lots of work! And so, extra-hours
Advice: Better integration of the new-ones
Pros: Really challenging function. 6 months as a sales representative then arrived at the offices. 
Lots of responsibilities within a year and creativity for the launches of products

Cons: ability to manage internal politics and network is necessary to grow since there is a lot of talent people competing for same top positions
Advice: none
Pros: this is a very good company to work for
great opportunity and possibility to grow for talented people
good possibility of mobility

Cons: Salary
Commission/Bonus structure was so small that it is not an incentive
Advice: Revisit the compensation package to make it more competitive
Pros: Sales training is excellent - all companies should do this
New Products
Marketing support
Benefits

Cons: Employees are treated accordingly to how well management likes them. There is no equality of treatment or fairness involved. Also, management get special treatment, often to the detriment of lower level staff. Anyone who is below the rank of assistant manager gets no bonus at all!
Advice: Be more objective and not just rely on hearsay.
Pros: You get a lot of free products and great office location.

Cons: if somebody wants to join L'Oreal, he/she has to prepare for frequently overtime working.
Advice: None
Pros: it is a place with vitality and challenges

Cons: Difficult to arrange all the processes efficiently. They try to strengthen digital marketing capabilities. But it is difficult in terms of their culture and people management
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for woman off course. I don't any men who could survive more than 2 years. Still good for women although the market is shrinking

Cons: Way too much process and regulations to make efficiency very low
Advice: None
Pros: Beauty, and people are good

Cons: Do not work here is you are afraid of hard work!
Advice: Let your employee's have a life.
Pros: Great training! Great place to develop your talents!

Cons: No career progression. Will be promised better pay, conditions and training but won't happen. All the best positions are already taken and upper management won't let go of those roles.
Advice: Listen to your staff, stop complaining that sales are down. Promote and encourage staff not just your favourites.
Pros: Looks good on your CV.
