Cons: While the company advocates for transparency, sometimes you can't get the reasoning behind certain top-level decisions that don't make sense logically. 
After being here for a certain time, you will notice that everyone is very cliquey.  Tends to be very gossipy around here. Not as collegial as you would think it would be for such a large company. I think the company can improve on ensuring that everyone is not being left out and that everyone has an equal voice.
Advice: None
Pros: You will learn a lot about Marketing that goes beyond the cosmetics industry.  A lot of people come from other large CPG conglomerates, Advertising Agencies, Consultancies, etc. Everyone is willing to talk to you about their previous roles and how their current roles fits into L'Oreal. L'Oreal is a great place to build a career or as a stepping stone to something more fitting if L'Oreal isn't for you.

Cons: 1. Unrealistic workload 
2. Managers with no empathy or regard to your home life 
3. Directors who fail as leaders, who imply that working less than 12 hours per is worthy of punishment 
4. Slave like culture 
5. No work life balance - no matter how much their propaganda says there is
6. Bullies in the work force 
7. Taking shortcuts and risks on a regular will eventually lead to down fall
Advice: Instead of training us on resilience and jumping to conclusions. Treat employees with care and respect. You go home to your family on time - why can’t your employees do the same. 

Hire sufficient staffing 
Fire directors who are fake leaders or treat their employees like slaves or bully or belittle until an employee is in tears 
Move the people who deserve promotions instead of fueling “gossip” to keep them in a position they’re good in.
Defend your employees
Trust your employees 

(These are all complaints that have already been taken to HR repeatedly by numerous of employees to no avail) 

Or they Will walk
Pros: There no longer are pros to this work environment except the people who try to keep you sane under the unrealistic expectations from upper management

Cons: No work life balance 

Overworked 

Salary is great until you realize you’re doing 1.5-2 people’s jobs

Most managers and directors are extremely smart but are not suitable for leadership 

Not a good fit for experienced professionals
Advice: Leadership teams need to be trained on how to delegate responsibilities. 

Listen to employees when they complain about workload. Stop saying “work smarter” that line is old. 

Hire management consultants to figure out why this place is a revolving door for experienced professionals.
Pros: Product discount 

ability to travel 

You will learn a lot

Free food around the office at least once a week 

Office looks dull but is expected to receive a makeover in 2017 (the photos on LinkedIn look great)

Open collaboration

Lots of team building activities (at times it’s just a distraction because you have so much work to do). However it temporarily relieves the stress. 

Great for college graduates or someone entering corporate America for the first time.

Cons: I rarely write reviews, but this place has me so worked up I will actually take time out of my day to do this.  If I could give a score of less than 1, I would give Loreal a negative number of stars.  I don't know how Loreal has such a high score on Glassdoor because 95% of the people i met in my two years at Loreal were all miserable.  Absolutely miserable.  I worked at the Clark corporate office and the place was a revolving door.  People in all levels came and went pretty much weekly.  I have never seen so much turn over anywhere.  

The culture at Loreal is horrible.  Basically each person does two jobs.  The workload is unbelievable.  If you can't keep up, they will be more than happy to fire you.  They promote the people that destroy others and are nasty.  This just drives the culture.

DONT WORK HERE, YOU WILL BE MISERABLE.
Advice: Quit, just like everyone else.
Pros: Absolutely nothing.  Seriously, i mean it.

Cons: –Too much emphasis on making friends with your manager.
–Incompetent people easily promoted. 
–Too much emphasis on doing what works in France, no emphasis on the US customer.
–Lack of care overall.
–Senior management is out of touch, the company is too big.
–Not a good place for a hard worker.
–Too many employees who have no clue about how in-house processes force missed deadlines.
–Management ruins the successful business acquired by L'Oreal because many of the management staff in charge have no clue how to run a business, nor do they care.
–"The L'Oreal way" was the worst.
–The clique environment is sickening.
–If you are one of the chosen few you will succeed, if you are not you are passed over for promotions, you get less than stellar reviews, and/or you are laid off.
Advice: –Stop buying up your competition and start properly running the US business. 
–The company is poorly run.
–What works in France does not work in the states.
–If you want to attract and keep great talent treat them well, pay them well, do not scapegoat them.
Pros: –Nice offices
–Lots of freebies
–You will really appreciate your next job outside of the L'Oreal culture.

Cons: Horrible blame central culture where no one wants to be accountable. Horrible work life balance. No one cares that you stay 12+ hours to help get things done. No one even gives you a thank you. Hard to learn things because people so focused on getting things don’t the understanding behind it us diminished. All they care about is making more products at the expense of your livelyhood. On top of it the raise was insulting and lower that cost of living. Didn't even cover the raise in my rent. The bonus that was “guaranteed” was 3% of our salaries and a complete joke. If your a technical person and want to go somewhere you can learn this is not the place. If you want to do well for yourself in live save yourself the stress and work somewhere else.
Advice: Stop blaming people for things going wrong. People should work together to solve problems not against people. Reward good work and employees and get rid of the dead weight which there is a lot of.
Pros: Fast paced environment.  If you work in a plant you get access to a lot of discounts which can be nice but not worth the stress of this work environment.

Cons: Zero work life balance
Unreasonable expectations
Advice: I waited several months after leaving to make sure I still felt the same way. I have put in 10+ years with L’Oreal and in those times I have watched L’Oreal go for a company that use to value their employees to one who’s expectations of their employees are unobtainable. During my last couple of years at the company I would put in 60 to 80 hours per week, and was consistently told over and over again that that was insufficient. Additionally the company seems to have adopted the mindset of bullying employees under the premise of meeting KPI‘s. L’Oréal does offer a very genuine generous vacation policy however you’re expected to work during your vacation and if you don’t management will be addressing the situation when you return. I think I am one of the lucky few in that L’Oreal has an unwritten policy that wants certain employees reach a certain age, approximately 60, they tend to start weeding out the older people. If you are young and looking for something that looks good on a resume L’Oreal will be good for you, however it would be to your benefit not to make it long term.
Pros: Free goods
Decent benefits, 401 k, Health insurance

Cons: Employee survey results are getting worse, increase in low value work, poor systems, unfair and uneven promotions, cronyism, nepotism, lack of vision of senior leadership, inability to act, culture of downward pressure, lifetime employees only know how to manage by force and will never leave. I worked more here than any job before and got less reward than anywhere before. They take complaints about the culture as an example that people aren't "cut out" for it and refuse to actually make improvements to it
Advice: Manage people and teams through goals, collaboration, and communication not through pressure, constantly shifting priorities, and false promises
Pros: It's an attractive brand where you get exposure to alot of different people and challenges. You will get the opportunity to do as much as you are capable of. Pay was competitive.

Cons: Image matters more than substance throughout the entire company.  A bunch of well-put-together airheads walking around acting catty and cliquey.  If you're not French you're at a huge disadvantage and looked down upon if you work closely with colleagues or have a reporting structure up to people who are French.  
 Capable and effective people are overlooked for promotion in lieu of people who are pretty or whose only talent is internal political brownnosing. Marketing at this company is not REAL marketing, it's taking orders from Paris and seeing how best you can plug European products into American shelves.  Marketing at L'Oreal USA = merchandising.  Managers throughout the company are horrible to their employees because the tone at the top promotes such behavior.  You're expected to constantly be working and personal time seemed to be considered sinful and lazy.
Advice: None
Pros: The perks of the job were nice (company store, expense accounts, etc)

Cons: Terrible work life balance. Long hours and terrible raises for all of the projects  you are expected to manage. I have been here over 9 years and the salaries for the new employees who come and go after 2/3 years are better than what I’m making after my long hours and years of dedication   Getting tired of broken promises of more money that never seems to
Make it into my paycheck. 1.5% yearly raise just ya colutting it anymore.
Advice: Pay those employees what they deserve for the long hours and dedication they have shown LOreal through the years. Bring in
More headcount to help us who are overwhelmed.  Share the wealth.
Pros: A lot of training ops for new employees

Cons: - No structure for promotions as a result no growth
- No clarity on who makes the decision
- You will be doing work of 4 people
- Very stressful. No work life balance
- Leaders are not leaders they are managers. Speaks really nice but no action. 
- They need to be trained on workload management and people development
- Outdated systems makes you spend more time on low value manual tasks
Advice: - Focus more on employees. Recognize and motivate them
-  Invest on tools. Correct system issues first before you vision anything
Pros: - Pension plan
- 401 k match 4%
- Profit sharing
- Free products worth $80 every other month 
- Nice office
- It’s a group. Good to have on your resume

Cons: Work life balance is horrible.  The culture itself is where the true problems begin.  The employees have either worked for L’Oreal their whole career or do not even last a year.  To say turnover is problem is an understatement.  HR allows people to be bullied and treated poorly and everyone uses the excuse of “that’s just the L’Oreal way”.

My advice would be if you even slightly care about spending time with your family or you care about your mental health, do not work here.
Advice: Just do better.
Pros: Great pay and benefits, as well as brand recognition.

Cons: I work in a support group for R &amp; I.  The Building in Clark is depressing.  Dark, no windows unless you're an AVP and I don't mean you don't sit near a window I mean you have to go for a walk through the building to go see if it's night or day.  The building five feet over underwent a multi million dollar renovation but don't feel like you're allowed to step foot there to sit in a nice cafeteria and look at sunlight, you're not. And they've been saying the building we are in is going to be renovated too (for the past ten years.)  Most of the people in my area sit in their cars during lunch just to have access to sunlight for an hour.  Walk through the parking lot between 12-2 and you'll see people sitting in their cars, that's how depressing sitting in this building is.
 You can work from home 2times a month but in comparison to places like Coty, Estee, Revlon (once a week), or smaller boutique brands (extremely flexible), or Pharma it's not much.  L'oreal still runs like it did in 1970 (and looks like it too).  I assumed and always heard the benefits would be great but I ended up having to pay $80 for the same bloodwork I had gotten done for free at an annual every year, I rarely go to the doctor so i can only imagine what it is like for someone who goes often.  
L'Oreal claims flexibility and advertises how many women work there but their maternity leave is just about the minimum required by law..I think you get 2 extra weeks but compared to newer companies (and the Paris office) this is nothing. 
Most holidays are normal, unlike Pharma you have to work the day after Christmas, even though no one is in the office, it's a strategy to make you waste your vacation days to spend time with your family during the holidays.
Support groups are blamed for everything.  We're basically the whipping post of L'Oreal, it gets tiring but stay long enough to put it on your resume, gain experience but don't hold your breath for a decent raise.  Everyone's raise was &lt;2% in my department, this is the norm. We were also told the company had a great year but our profit sharing was the same as when loreal has had negative years. So try to negotiate in a minimum raise as well.  If your review is all positive how can a company justify such low raises? Do your time, fill your resume, leave in 3 years for at 15-20% jump.
Advice: The workforce isn't the same as it used to be.  If you want younger people to stay you need a nicer workplace and more flexibility.
Pros: L'Oreal as a whole on the highest level is a good company. Although, if you're in Paris it's  GREAT company.  They have way more vacation, more flexibility and work from home options, and maternity leave is significantly longer.  It's a solid company where you can learn a lot and insist on work life balance. They do surveys to get feedback and try to implement changes but with such a large organization, it really depends on which department you're in for how happy you are or how long you'll stay.  
If you come in below a manager expect to be doing everything, it's a great learning experience but can be frustrating at times because as a "non working manager" you can put all your work on the people beneath you and essentially sit in meetings talking about other peoples work and you also get a performance bonus if your'e a manager.  I would stay at L'Oreal if I could switch departments (and buildings) which L'Oreal encourages, I haven't done it and I don't know anyone who has but I have heard it's not too difficult.

Cons: Poor management, no upward mobility, poor work recognition, no support from management. High rate of turnover and FMLA due to high-stress work environment and micromanaging. Some managers are disrespectful and will call you out in front of everybody instead of using a private room. Lately, the environment became toxic.
Advice: Take the time to know your employees and treat everyone equally. Publicly reward and recognize hard work. Show your employees they matter and they’ll do their best work for you.
Pros: Health benefits, holidays, diverse culture and backgrounds, some great employees

Cons: There is a perfectionist culture so you can’t make mistakes or you will be bullied and blamed. There is fear of making mistakes so you do all your best to try to avoid them or otherwise management will blame you and have zero tolerance. Too many emails late at night from your bosses and toxic environment. I would not recommend this place to anyone that wants a work life balance or just period enjoy coming to working. People are very competitive and not helpful. There is no training and it’s either sink or swim mentality.
Advice: Please re-invent the culture. It starts from above!
Pros: Health benefits, free goods, summer Fridays

Cons: L'Oreal tends to not hire contractors for permeate hire positions. Contractors don't have access to internal job board and aren't invited to the company picnic (but co-ops and interns are).  Just seems like upper management doesn't care about their contractors.
Advice: Treat your contractors better. They are working hard to insure that the labs are working efficiently and to the best of their abilities and we can't even get invited to the company picnic.
Pros: Great first job for someone looking to break into the personal care industry.

Cons: Burochratic, need to like political interactions to thrive. Lacks structure.
Advice: Focus more on merit than on subjective preferences on HR topics.
Invest in structuring HR processes , assesments, etc. 
Sponsor Masters programs.
Pros: Everyone at LOreal is Passionate for what they do. Everyday energe is unmatchable and the family feeling within your teams, despite the size of the company, is unbeatable. The products are best in class, so you work for something you beleive in. That gives you purpose.

Cons: So far I have seen none.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: I have been working at L'Oreal full-time for about 2.5 years.  The culture of the company is inclusive and very professional. The company leadership is very visionary, inspiring and supportive of diversity. Positive/energetic co-workers, flexible work schedules as per individual needs. Plenty of professional growth opportunities and a great rewards/recognition program. L'Oreal offers competitive salary and great benefits.

Cons: Everything else - a catty work environment, dysfunctional management, advancement based on brown-nosing and not merit, was like working in a sweatshop.  It was a very hierarchical and elitist environment.  All the good people - people that had dignity and worked hard - left including myself.  I would never recommend this company to anyone.  I worked there for five years.
Advice: Get over yourself and start appreciating good people that work hard not just those that will kiss your behinds!
Pros: Getting discounted product was the only pro here.

Cons: Lack of company investment, L’Oréal always looks for the cheapest least quality way of investment into there supply chain, lack of systems, lack of IT support, lack of knowledgeable leadership, bias promotions and favoritism.
Advice: Promote from within, invest in your employees, grow your employees.
Pros: good start pay, free product, flexible hours, summer hours, vacation buy, 401k, profit sharing, none. None. None. None. None. None.

Cons: I am so happy to be working for such a reputable company with a strong culture, so none.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been working at L'Oréal for a little over a month now. As a recent college grad, I couldn't be happier with my role and the environment I get to work in. Management and directors want you to learn, encourage creativity, and acknowledge a job well done.

Cons: I had an interview with L’Oréal Paris at 24-7 Intouch Call Center in August 2018 and I was interviewed by four managers. To be quite honest, I was a bit intimidated especially when I wasn’t given any time to look into the company because I was asked to come in for the interview the same day from the center. They asked me questions about brands I’ve never even heard of. So I didn’t do so well in the interview so they decided not to go forward. I was called back for another interview at 24-7 Intouch while I had already moved back to New York in January and came back to give it one more try and was asked to come in for an interview for Urban Decay. I explained to them my experience and they said they decided to give it another try. I was called again for an assessment and passed, and was scheduled a second interview with URban Decay for February 28th. I arrived 15 minutes before my interview and they called me right when I was outside the building. When I came inside they told me that had to have a discussion with me and I was told I can no longer proceed with the next steps due to the failed interview I had in August, which was 6 months ago. I invested so much time traveling from New York and back and forth to the center to just get denied from an interview of 6 months ago!! I believe this is really unfair to me and my time and didn’t even have the decency to apologize or even thank me for my time! I wouldn’t recommend anyone to work at a place where they don’t value you as a person or your time in general. Who wouldn’t get nervous when they’re being interview by 4 managers?!! It seems to me once you fail an interview one time you can never apply again.
Advice: I believe the company  should consider each individual, and look closely to who’s doing the hiring and how the interviews are being held. Just because an interview went bad 6 months ago does not mean the person isn’t a qualified candidate.
Pros: Didn’t work there to know anything good about the company.

Cons: Unethical - upper mgt gets away with a lot. Cliquey environment. Work life balance is non existent. They indoctrinate you early on (post collage). If you join mid-career level then you definitely feel like an outsider.  You either drink the cool air or you don’t.
Advice: Keep upper mgmt accountable for mistreating subordinates
Pros: Smart peeps, beauty and branding specialists you learn from.

Cons: Limited Upward Mobility
Very Obvious Favoritism
Incompetent HR Team
Lack of Respect for Junior Members
Advice: Stop making excuses on why the NPS scores are bad. It is obvious that you are not willing to change the way things are done no matter how unhappy your employees are.
Pros: Great Perks
Strong Benefits Program (401K, Pension Plan, etc.)
Maternity/Paternity Leave
Summer Fridays
Company Store

Cons: It is very chaotic. I thrive in that environment, but others may not. You have to be ready to hit the ground running.
Advice: None
Pros: Started at the company as an intern and accepted an offer for full time. The company puts a lot of effort into keeping and promoting talent.

Cons: The salary that you get does not equate to the amount of work that you do. So happy to leave this company. Finances one of the worst positions in this company. They have some of the worst systems I’ve seen, compass is the worst.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice office, lot of events, free products

Cons: Very fast pace.
Poor work life balance.
Stressful
Advice: Management encourages work life balance but feels like the company strategy is to hire young professionals who will work very had and then replace them with more of the same when they resign.  Improve employee "retention".
Pros: Opportunity to learn and grow. 
Generous training program and benefits.
Great colleagues

Cons: Management, unrealistic goals, too many challenges
Advice: Get real about upper management! My division had 5 general managers in 4 years! Salons were increasingly frustrated with the way we do business, no transparency, unethical business practices, I could go on and on!  My co workers and I were stressed out, no work life balance, constantly pushed to do more, take on more, with no reward.
Pros: Benefits, gratis products, prestigious name on resume

Cons: A lot of there systems are dated. They really need to invest into upgrading their software to bring them into the 21st century
Advice: None
Pros: They offer a lot of benefits to employees. They really want you to stay in the company long term.

Cons: If you're on the creative side, it can be frustrating at times. They don't take a lot of risks. But the good outweighs the bad.
Advice: Communicate with your direct reports (one on ones) more frequently
Pros: The benefits, the network you create, strong brand=job security

Cons: - Large company structure and headquarters in France often lead to disagreements between different arms of the company on direction. This lead to inefficiencies, especially at the plant level
Advice: None
Pros: - Different types of job opportunities available if you are patient
- Good career development

Cons: It is a very political environment, you work a lot of hours, HR runs the company and feel that they can speak to you however
Advice: None
Pros: free products, employees, benefits, having the name on your resume

Cons: Absolutely no rigor placed on equity regarding promotions. 
Decisions get made, unmade, and made differently
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy to customize your own role and projects

Cons: The workload can be overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training and growth opportunities, high value on safety and quality, well-funded company that continues to grow and invest in new technologies and products, very bright and smart employees, lots of mentors to learn from

Cons: If you are a male and French you will be promoted, everyone else must wait 4+ years to be promoted
Advice: None
Pros: The new office in Hudson yards is amazing, you get great health coverage and maternity leave

Cons: - Sometimes a shift in priorities can be frustrating
Advice: Communication and visibility go a long way
Pros: - New exciting professional development opportunities, trainings and workshops offered
- Supportive manager 
- Employees care about making a difference 
- You will learn a lot

Cons: The company environment is very corporate.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits including 401k, pension, summer hours, work from home, vacation and personal days.   The company is dedicated to giving back to the community.

Cons: Bad management due to moving unprofessional, uneducated people up the latter, HR is terrible
Advice: Adjust your survey monkeys if you want the truth
Pros: Benefits are amazing, company pays for most of healthcare

Cons: It does have the tendency to have quite the political environment
Advice: None
Pros: You are pushed to really have an entrepreneurial mindset, you get to work with positive &amp; great colleagues

Cons: Difficult people to work with. Everyone is super catty and just really not friendly, but I guess that's what happens when the company is 70% women
Advice: None
Pros: The company store, discounts, and great office

Cons: POS system slowed us down, but other than that not one complaint.
Advice: Stay on top of store managers, offer more individual support.
Pros: Great support, good benefits, great quality products.

Cons: HR isn't transparent. Went against their word.
Advice: None
Pros: All-around good successful company. Good structure, great people, great culture, great benefits, great flexibility, strong starting salary

Cons: POS system a little cumbersome.
Advice: Be clear on the jobs specific expectations .
Pros: Daily contact with licensed professionals in the cosmetology industry who are as passionate about this work as I am.

Cons: The French can be  conservative and slow in adopting new ideas and new technology.
Advice: None
Pros: I enjoyed working here: beautiful brands, passionate and smart co-workers. Work hard, play hard mentality.

Cons: Lack of opportunities for Asians
Glass ceiling
Advice: None
Pros: They will pay you to stay/poach
Learning environment
Creative Environment

Cons: Lack of structure and clarity from leadership.  The work environment is very reactive and there is little focus on work culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexibility, and company values are wonderful.

Cons: Lots of work and some members of organization not mindful of your time off.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good leadership in the division I work in.

Cons: Political. Sometimes a lot of work goes towards projects that can't come to fruition. Things are constantly changing.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of mobility opportunities. Great culture.

Cons: not very competitive compensation at Loreal
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of work available. one feel overwhelmed but it brings great learning opportunity. Amazing benefits

Cons: Sales quotas can be pretty steep.
Advice: None
Pros: Always have hours to work. Unlike other companies, there's always opportunities to work many hours as a sales professional with L'Oreal.

Cons: Uninterested in profitability, poor management, lack of on-boarding to understand systems, edu on brands, jus overall horrible experience.
Advice: Keeping people who should have been let go years ago are leaving the door open for great people to exit. Get rid of the bad apples
Pros: Loved the office environment everyone trying to help the new girl.

Cons: Overall a great organization.  Management can be reactive at times instead of proactive.
Advice: Implementation of a standardized training program.
Pros: Benefits and working towards something greater than yourself.

Cons: Work, life balance was a challenge as many corporate environments can be.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity for advancement, great pay and benefits

Cons: Hedge Funds hours without hedge fund bonus/ work life balance hard
Advice: Retain talent
Pros: Pleasure working for number one beaut brand in the world.

Cons: archaic hierarchies, multiple layers of management, meeting-heavy culture
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate, creative, strategic, competitive and hard-working environment

Cons: It’s work rather than getting the paid to hang out
Advice: Keep driving to you the top
Pros: Great culture, strong team, plenty to work on

Cons: can be very political depending on department
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, driven staff, lots of upward mobility

Cons: Salary is not high that I expected
Advice: Managers support employee
Pros: You can train your customer services skill when you working here

Cons: Hierarchy and corp ceilings
Not for everyone (need thick skin)
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to make own processes
Tons of learning opportunities
Very collaborative
Passionate Culture
Diverse

Cons: none that I can think of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, upward mobility

Cons: promotion isn't always merit/performance based
Advice: None
Pros: very dynamic career opportunities, you get to define your own career path

Cons: promotion raises are limited. year to year as well
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, secure job, many opportunities

Cons: There can be very little work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: You learn to navigate in a fast paced environment

Cons: Very French/European, very internally focused, very hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing products, large organization, great benefits/perks

Cons: Large work loads, changing priorities
Advice: None
Pros: entrepreneurial spirit which allows for freedom to  operate

Cons: Many layers of  management just like other big companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Scientifically driven company, appreciate hard works

Cons: No incentives unless you are a manager or higher
Advice: None
Pros: Resume builder that is all

Cons: limited to grow and compensation is ok but not great
Advice: None
Pros: great benefit and  generous work hour

Cons: No cons at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Staff and Management team are friendly and accommodating

Cons: Opportunity for growth is a popularity contest
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Compensation. Creative fun company.

Cons: Nothing that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Experience was amazing. Great place to work

Cons: General accounting sucks!
Management sucks
High employment turn over!
Advice: Treat your employees better. 
Stop gossiping about your employee. 
Offer promotion to tho work deserve it. 
Just do better!
Pros: Great benefits, some of the people are great to work with!

Cons: It's usually intense work day,
Advice: None
Pros: Big company and worldwide opportunity

Cons: Travel
None
None
None
Had to enter 5 words for Cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Leadership Development
Career Growth and Development
Management

Cons: No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: You will learn a lot, ease to move around the company

Cons: Low income potential to make a living
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work and enjoyable

Cons: You don't have a work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and bonus program.

Cons: No advice to share here
Advice: None
Pros: Great training and opportunity to grow

Cons: It got really busy at times, stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a really good job

Cons: The workload can be overwhelming sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits 
- Flexibility
- Collaboration

Cons: Clear path to advancement to the top
Advice: None
Pros: Responsibility early in your career

Cons: work life balance not always easily managed.
Advice: None
Pros: maternity leave benefits are great.

Cons: Not a lot of work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great work schedule

Cons: No room for growth or advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent work and easy work

Cons: Not open about salary discussion
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. Everyday is different.

Cons: Bad Management that covers each other when they do wrong things. What you see, is not what it is. Never judge the book by its cover. Management are can able to take leave without applying on the system and drown the employee at work. Worksmart suppose to be once a week but was violated to take several times without people knowing. Management are able to watch drama and throw all the works to employee and credit themselves. Best is you can actually get your position if you have connection or ‘bribery’. Efforts will be credited to those who are not working. Is a good place for management level but bad place for employees. The turnover rate is super high that there is overlapping things not done or follow up by the previous employees. Guess how unhappy that the ex employee is. Most of all flavourism take place and drown the work to the unflavored ones which cost unstable feeling. Only good feedback are allow to show and hides the bad ones. If you could accept bad feedback there will be many who will willing to write over here. No one wants to leave for a good company but they leave because of bad managements. If you need to survive in L’Oreal you need to learn to be fake and be a ‘Yes’ man.
Advice: Nothing will change as management just covering each other mistakes. The turnover will just continues.
Pros: Good Self-learning (Requires to know how to swim by yourself if you want to learn hard this is the place to learn and grow) Good Benefits, Quarterly Goods, Worksmart.

Cons: I originally started working for another L'oreal brand, which I loved, and am going to write a separate review for. When they decided to merge our brands together, it came with new management, who were complete bullies. They claimed to care about your mental health, and how you're finding it, but in the next breath would belittle you, threaten and bully you. Within the span of an hour, I was told I had no talent, that I was never a makeup artist, and would only benefit from small, unknown brands outside of L'oreal. The way the company treated staff who weren't management was disgusting. Two members of staff were signed off with stress in one month due to the way this brand treats people. I truly loved L'oreal when I started working for them, but never again would I consider working for this despicable company.
Advice: Actually care about your employees. Don't pretend to in attempts to save face. Stop letting in store management take advantage (Going home early, Taking Lieu time they never accrued, getting other employees to do their job for them, ETC). The bullying towards younger staff is appalling, considering they will be the future of your brand. Also, keep your promises of progression
Pros: Staff Shop
Allocation (If you ever got all of it)

Cons: International Mobility: A big con is that it does not allow for easy international mobility. Hence, if you want to move out, no matter how much you love the company, you will have to switch jobs
Internal Movement: You will have to wait in the current role for 18 months, before you can even apply to another role. This is a longer time than in most other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely transparent: You can discuss anything with your boss, especially in sales. There have been multiple instances of something going wrong on field, and the first instinct is to tell the superiors, instead of covering it up
Lot of learning: Since at least in India, it is still growing, a lot of systems are being put in place now. This means that you learn the processes as they are being developed, and can even contribute to it

Cons: 1. Still an old fashion type of company in a state of the art building with billion euros profit 
2.They really need to review their HR
3.Big question mark in diversity, they need to improve their efforts in providing sufficient working condition to female employees so they can grow their career 
4.Oh yeaa politics ...
5.Stuck career movement unless u are happy with constant situation and poor package of compensation 
6.Make it clear on what you wants to HR and your leaders make sure it is well writen before you make any deal on assignment.
Advice: Your employees is your investment. Treat them at its best.
Pros: Great in reputational management but they really need to walk the talk! 
They are good in making jargons n tagline
Good perks but also quite political in the leadership team
Good in insurance coverage for family
Free products 
System already in place just like other multinational company
Commitment in the social and environmental management is clear and proven

Cons: Above everything else, L'Oreal is exceptional at sales - selling the product to customers, selling "opportunities" to new employees, and especially selling a certain type of delusion to everyone who works there.

Here are the main difficulties I faced while working at L'Oreal:

-3 out of 5 senior and mid-level managers are generally unequipped for the role

This means a lack of understanding of what it means to manage in a professional sense (setting objectives, defining role scope and responsibility, removing roadblocks, etc), but what's more concerning, is that a lot of management is unequipped for the role emotionally - with no ability to empathize or understand the needs of the subordinates, they are followed only because the employees have to follow them.

-Ego + Politics &gt; Merit + Results

I vividly recall my manager obsessing over the most insignificant details on a powerpoint deck, only to ensure that when he or she presents it to upper management, she is seen as a "superstar". I also recall manipulating the data to make a failed launch look "good", just so my manager could have good news to share. There is a general preference for ignoring data-driven decisions in favour of whatever makes the manager in question look good.

-Emotional abuse

It is a regular occurrence to see co-workers cry. It's even more commonplace to have a vacant role on any given team because the employee is on "sick leave" aka "stress-leave" aka "burn-out". The scary part is that no one is bothered by either of the above because they happen so frequently. 

-Hardcore cool-aid culture

There is a strong expectation that everyone who works at L'Oreal must absolutely love it all the time, never mention anything negative, and ALWAYS show intentions of staying at the company until retirement. If you as much as mention that you might have an interest in perhaps exploring another industry or company way down the line, you will be told to keep quiet as it will damage your career progression. The ironic part is that L'Oreal Canada has by far the highest turnover rate in the industry, and forcing employees to always pretend to be "loving the experience" only makes it more difficult to get to the root cause of the problems.

-Lack of ethical backbone

I can't disclose any details relating to product development for legal reasons, but there are a lot of very questionable products both from an efficacy stand-point as well as from the consumer positioning standpoint.
Advice: Without sounding like a broken record - please take off your L'Oreal-tinted glasses and assess the state of the company objectively. The issues I mentioned have been voiced hundreds of times over the years and no one has done anything about it. You know what the problems are, you just need to choose to resolve them.
Pros: The positives include:

-Lots of free and discounted product
-Young/fun co-workers
-Nice office following the most recent round of renovations
-Good mentorship available if you seek it out

Cons: - undervalued
- treated very differently to full time staff (treated as a contractor)
- expected to give ideas and pressured to do all the work but then not recognised when pulled off, praise is given to managers which can be demotivating
- very limited progression to graduate scheme with lots of pressure to do way over and above job role which is already a vast work load
- little support from HR as they are busy recruiting next interns
Advice: None
Pros: - real responsibility from day 1
- big project/brand involvement
- exposure to senior staff
- good hands-on experience for when moving onto other companies
- name looks good on CV

Cons: - Very bureaucratic environment
- Poor management significantly impacts team morale
- Lack of upward mobility if you are unwilling to move to Montreal
- Communication between head office and field team is problematic; feedback from field teams is rarely leads to improvements in strategy
- They don't invest in the professional development of their employees
Advice: - Listen to your sales reps given that you emphasize the importance of gathering market intelligence that is communicated to head office
- Value your employees and take reasonable sources of job dissatisfaction as opportunities to improve your organization and reduce turnover
Pros: - Significant level of autonomy
- Flexible schedule
- Plenty of opportunities to be entrepreneurial in your territory

Cons: - Relatively poor work life balance with long hours often continuing into the night. 
- Can be very 'political' at times with many decisions being made due to 'the boss wants it this way'
- Pay is 'competitive', but not better than other companies offering similar roles 
- Management are slow to implement the deep changes necessary to secure and retain young talent.
Advice: Implement financial incentives and penalties for management based on teams feedback, to ensure change is adopted faster across the organisation.
Pros: - Invests in training for staff across multiple disciplines
- Chance to own your projects 
- Passionate colleagues
- Good career opportunities for top talent to move overseas with the company

Cons: People left leaders not organisation! The top management were unethical and disrespectful. Business is more important so it's OK for leaders to behave unethically  .. a lot of lip service on their people mission and vision, a lot of "writing on the wall" but the truth is ????!!!!
Advice: Walk the Talk! Unethical behaviour leaders should not be in the organisation.  top leaders must show best example, Respectful and act in ethical manner with high integrity, don't undermine the locals
Pros: Dynamic, Great Products, Love the speed and empowerment

Cons: Old school management (incl. top management).
Toxic atmosphere (high pressure, big turnover of the teams, can't trust HR and managers).
Most of managers are there since years and are being promoted not for their competencies but thanks to politics games. All good elements resign after a few weeks/months.
The company in Australia is getting bad results year after year (i.e. the global sharing is at its minimum since couple of years). However, the staff/management responsible for this poor performance is still being promoted to the top position.
Advice: Bring more Ethics and get rid of the useless managers.
Pros: International company.
Nice location.
If you're good in networking, then you can be promoted very quickly (no matter if you perform well or not in your job).
Staff shop.

Cons: Career development can be improved. Mostly left to the manager so it really depends on who you get.
Advice: Make sure that employees have an ongoing and transparent discussion about their career progression with their manager and HR. Implement 360 evaluation (evaluation by manager, employees and collaborators)
Pros: Working at l'Oréal is a bit like working at a global startup. Their commitment for enabling entrepreneurship is real. And it's a bit like being at a university, tons of young and motivated people. Inspiring vibe and constant exposure to new ideas

Cons: Lots of admin work for finance manager level, too many financial forecasts with tight deadlines throughout the year, lots of overtime, compliance is sometimes too loose, in general chaotic working experience between functions
Advice: Need to dramatically improve work-life balance, internal employee equity needs to be standardized to ensure balanced salary ranges
Pros: Not a lot of red tape, new idea and innovation proposals are taken seriously, power of decision-making, amazing learning infrastructure, full of fun and young talent, opportunity for overseas development, hard work is fairly recognized through bonus and salary increase

Cons: Bad Management, brand leaders always makes you down by keeping their low ideas. Thinking about a day you're senior staff but your new brand leader tell you that "it's my brand my money, don't say no to me". 
No traning no oversea meeting, no development plan over the past 2 years.
Advice: Please check your brand leaders again, they are the reason that we - senior staffs leave company
Pros: Inspiring luxury brands to work for. You can learn brand story and adapt to your lifestyle. Flexible working time

Cons: Never got a rise, low salary compared to other cosmetics' companies, very hard to get a promotion, no life-work balance for most of the departments, lowest scale' workers are consistently getting advantage of, high pressure environment, no parking lot. Best parties ever but just for office workers.
Advice: Please, value people by its worth, competences, results and passion for the job, not by its social skills.
Pros: Get paid on time, nice company benefits, most managers are well mannered, learning opportunities, nice and incredibly cheap food on the cantina.

Cons: Company culture- lack of focus or prioritization. Low recognition for hard and consistent work, low pay compared to other multinational companies, no matter seniority or responsibility.
Advice: Try to keep knowledge in house by rewarding your employees equally to their responsibilities, loyalty and seniority. Work - life balance encouraging and stress levels to be improved. Invest in external resources for project work, workload is too high to the employees.
Pros: Fast learning steep curve, central location, good office facilities.

Cons: Salary is less than competitive. Lack of human connection sometimes. Very political.
Advice: Great work has been done to improve the workplace and attract new talents. However there is still a need to effectively foster collaboration and team spirit. People need to be less judgemental and more open minded. Management by fear should stop.
Pros: Good learning curve, beautiful offices, very smart and talented colleagues and managers, inspiring and stimulating working environment. Pionner in Research and Innovation. Beautiful brand portfolio.

Cons: Complexity of divisions and brands working silos with limited focuses on resources sharing or optimization.
Advice: CEO succession planning and transition takes too long, extremely draining to organization, both HR and IT are not up to par to support organization cultural and digital shift focuses.
Pros: Opportunity to fully embraced into French beauty giant culture, learning about amazing marketing brand strategic approaches, obsessions on innovation and agility in business decision making progress.

Cons: Where to start...
Very poor management, I had never seen so unprofessional managers (not fair, not knowledgeable, speaking to staff in extremely rude manners,...)
Very childish environment, people spend their time gossiping 
Highly disorganised, seems like it is in the company DNA
There is no culture of being good at your work and efficient it is all about showing your passion and staying endless hours at your desk and working all the time then you get promoted even if you are bad
Advice: Hire good and fair managers you should finally see the staff turn over going down...
Pros: Good benefits, lots of free products 
Holiday leave

Cons: Work/Life balance, the company do encourage healthy work life balance, but the reality is most of the time your direct manager expect you to work late nights and weekends on top of 40hrs + at the office
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to learn the "metier". They support your development and coaching. A lot of training is offered depending of your seniority and your role.

Cons: Sometimes excessive pressure and focus on the minor details that don't shift business performance
Passion sometimes turns to overly emotional aggression from senior leaders
Advice: Consider the international mindset of employees that want to travel within the company
Focus on better gender equality at senior level
Give more global visibility to each local market
Pros: Full focus on consumers and the power of brands
Fun, passionate people around to motivate
Steep learning curve from the outset 
Innovative thinking environment lends itself to achieving strong results

Cons: - A lot of pressure
- Kind of toxic work environment (it feels like every department is in war against each other)
- Heavy workload
- It feels like HR does not hire talents, but just an additional 40 hours per weeks
- Low salary
Advice: None
Pros: - Prestigious Company, good opportunity to discover the products (for free or with discounts)
- Impossible to be bored at work
- Possibility to regularly work from home
- 3 Weeks of paid vacation

Cons: lots of workplace politics and passive aggression within the team, hardly any support from manager to progress in company, high labour turnover of colleagues, generally disorganised at times, had to work massive amounts of over time
Advice: support your team more, have weekly meetings, guide them to achieve their goals for progression
Pros: Amazing name to have on your CV, lots of responsibility in the role, great company benefits, amazing training and up-skilling oppourtunities

Cons: Work/life balance can be poor depending on the team, lots of pressure from top down and culture isn't always the best (but they're trying to improve this).
Advice: Acknowledge hard work and improve the culture.
Pros: Really dynamic workplace, many roles anchored in digital, get a lot of autonomy and opportunities to learn and progress in the company. Working with lots of young, like-minded individuals so can make friends for life.

Cons: experience is highly recommended and new graduates will find it hard to be offered a job by L'Oréal
Advice: Your work is phenomenal. the ammount of people that dream about working with you is tremendous. you set the bar too high on the quality of employees you require. thats how reqruitment should be done.
Pros: Huge conoany with endless possibilities to grow and upgrade yourself within this huge institution

Cons: ‘In with the right crowd’ culture to be promoted, bullying tactics by senior staff, HR unable to help, your word against theirs, time in company is used to ‘protect’ a person meaning they can act however they choose.
Advice: Stop promoting people without management training.
Pros: Great benefits, great brands, dynamic people to work with, fast paced and ever changing - no day is the same.

Cons: Pay is a lot lower than with other competitors
Advice: Review poor area managers and their actions, make sure they have have experience of people skills and the importance of respect, employees thrive when they are encouraged and supported. Can’t lead by fear, and the importance of showing their leadership skills. I have had the worst experience in a interview for a Loreal job and even in training at head office when asked where I came from I said Newcastle, the trainer said oh Newcastle your all orange In Newcastle .........
Pros: Amazing products I have loved Lancome

Cons: -Company management style is a matrix systems, you will find yourself reporting to different bosses based on your current project. 
-Salary does not match the big name(not all that good)
Advice: With  better pay more young talents will stay.
Pros: -Great learning environment
-Great medical and social security policies
-you have an opportunity to interact with colleagues worldwide.
-You stand a chance to work in a foreign country.

Cons: Since my project was a new thing to the team at that time, senior management couldn't help much in terms of strategy and operation.
Advice: None
Pros: I was the creator and leader of a project in which I learned to build, manage and evaluate from scratch under supervision of senior management. Great chance to learn about leadership, business skill and entrepreneurship.

Cons: Unfortunately, at the end of the day, it's about who you know instead of being about the work you do, and your full potential.
Advice: Take the time to listen to your employees. Follow-up on expected changes, a lot of people will continue to leave if you do so.
Pros: Great perks, nice discounts, you meet a lot of different people

Cons: Leadership from the top, HR lack of support and enabling bullying, ethics not valued by senior team, senior leadership protect each other and not held accountable to anyone,
Advice: Bring in 3rd party consultants urgently to get rid of this toxic behaviour and culture and start again with a new Country Leadership Team right from the top. I feel so disappointed that a business targeted predominately to woman would let us down so significantly.
Pros: Speed, brands, location, diverse retailers and categories, breadth of responsibility, empowerment, making a difference,

Cons: - Actualy no work life balance
- Salary is great till you realize you work more than 12 hours and do 2 person's work
- Mid - Management undereducated and archaic
- Stressful environment with a lot of fear in the air
Advice: Treat employees like humans
Pros: - Good benefits
- Employees can buy products at great price
- Strong product portfolio
- LSA

Cons: Very Hierarchical and political 
Lonely and lack of support (if field based) 
Work life balance poor I.e. messaging late at night/weekends 
Lack of recognition for achievements/contributions made
Advice: Listen and be present with your teams and their ideas
Pros: Exciting environment
Good Corporate perks I.e. work from home encouraged (if not customer facing), free yoga, staff shop etc.
Fantastic commitment to mental health
Some lovely people

Cons: Culture is unique vs most Australian businesses. It's not for everyone - and even if it is, can take some time (~1 year) to get used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, fast and full of passionate people who are willing to help each other out. As an individual you can effect change and make a real impact on the Business.

Cons: - a bit more guidance on arrival
- need to get ride of some 'managers' who clearly never wanted to manage but were looking to move ahead
- more salary raises
- very long days
Advice: None
Pros: - fast, ever changing 
- you're in charge from day 1 and can chase your opportunities
- amazing and exciting colleagues
- you're fully project/product leader 
- good perks

Cons: A very lean organization where ranks and JDs are not clear for many countries.
Advice: Make levels for employees across the globe and standardize the hierarchy
Pros: Working at L'Oreal will teach you everything that you need to know about the Beauty World. The way L'Oreal looks at beauty, no company still in this world has the same aesthetics.

Cons: The workload can be intense
Advice: None
Pros: The entrepreneurial spirit is real and you can always share new ideas to your superiors, it is a great place to get creative. The innovations and digital means in place allow you to learn a lot every day and the culture in the swiss office is very welcoming and friendly

Cons: Salary and bonus not as competitive. Culture is very much toxic and political. You either fit in or you don’t. Management very biased towards certain people.
Advice: Stop showing favoritism
Pros: Decent staff benefit, staff purchase and quarterly. Able to work from home

Cons: -Completely disregarded by HO. No response to emails and important matters for months.
-No communication between HO and in store. 
-No area manager to check in on stores
-Given under 7 days notice of store closure, leaving 5 workers with no job. No compensation provided.
Advice: Respond to emails (especially when they're about the store!!!), keep in store staff in the loop, consider the wellbeing of store workers rather than only caring about the money in upper managements pockets.
Pros: -In store management
-Training nights
-Flexible hours

Cons: Long working hours
Understaffed
Communication between teams is not optimal
Advice: Hire more people and take care of them
Pros: My coworkers were very engaged and passionate
My boss trusted me and gave me a lot of responsibility and allowed me to take the lead on important projects even though I was a junior
Flat Hierarchy

Cons: I quit because my salary at the time couldn't cover my commitment.
Advice: Give me a chance to work with you.  I'm interested in working in the beauty line
Pros: Can take the opportunity to learn about beauty products. Make up techniques, have twice a year training.  How to serve customers professionally

Cons: Overstretched as we are sometimes doing more than 1 person's job
Advice: Improve on structure and headcount. It's a never ending cycle on when the chicken or egg comes first. Company has ambitious growth but not willing to invest in headcount or growing employees
Pros: Objective, vision and target is reasonable

Cons: A very complex hierarchical system with managers that were just promoted because of their networking and their family status. Though they promote diversity and equality, it's a very close minded company that markets itself very well but actually it's a miserable place to work in with no possibility of promotion unless you know someone who will push your profile. The environment and the atmosphere are very negative and fake.  Consider elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Good facilities and a well-known name.

Cons: Due to the heavy workload, work &amp; life balance is not so good. (But this depends on where and which function you are in)
Advice: Need to remove all the non-essential reportings and zone visits.
Pros: You will be given a full responsibility for the business, therefore you will learn alot.

Cons: Clumpsy and long approval process. Too many system that doesnt sync. Super overloaded and every night works over time. Management will not believe you are overloaded and just assume there is work capability, time management issue from you.
Advice: Stop thinking you know everything
Pros: Benefits and physican working environment

Cons: There  are lot of opportunities to explore especially in the emerging markets with which company is probably slow to respond.
Advice: There is very huge scope to explore emerging markets like India and company should focus on that.
Pros: Culture , business results, innovation,  social responsibilities, diversity, Strategy

Cons: Toxic working culture that's been an issue for a long time but nothing changes. Very political organisation where promotions are not based on talent but on connections and relationship with the management instead. Average remuneration.
Advice: None
Pros: Good training opportunities, some pleasant and talented colleagues, product allowance and company events

Cons: Remuneration is not fair enough. There is a wide gap between top management and middle level management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start a career because trainings are in plenty. Being a multinational you also get a chance to travel the world to benchmark with sister companies.

Cons: 1. Payroll is a mess. Always make sure to check that your overtime, commission and wages are paid correctly
2. Communication Counter - Head office.  Head office staff will treat you like a worse sort of employee
Advice: Listen to the voices of all employees.
Pros: Good benefits package (staff shop, allocation etc)

Cons: Terrible management from top to middle, below average pay, very long hours, high pressure, high turnover
Advice: Stop being political and try and retain the people who actually add value
Pros: Great people, access to products, international opportunities

Cons: Lack of work life balance
Very political 
Your pay does not match the name
Advice: Consider giving financial incentives as a way of retaining young talents.
Pros: You will understand your limits.
Full of young people
Decision making empowerment
Free meals
Very ethical management team

Cons: Long working hours, Good culture, nice people, good values, big company, dynamic, marketing, branding, retail, execution, launches.
Advice: Delegation, higher pay, promotions, Delegation, higher pay, promotions. Delegation, higher pay, promotions. .
Pros: Good culture, nice people, good values, big company, dynamic, marketing, branding, retail, execution, launches.

Cons: Everyone works very honestly, this is a very good company, so your thinking can never be negative
Advice: loreal  is a good brand  and all work together
Pros: The people of the office are very good. Everyone respected each other is very helpful

Cons: High pressure environment, very fast paced, poor work life balance. Expect to work 50 hour weeks while getting paid for 40.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of opportunities to learn, lots of autonomy, engaging work, and employee discount on products

Cons: Very fragile team bondage, and really you have to find ways to survive by yourself.
Advice: Please hire sustainable people.
Pros: Many opportunities to grow your professional capacities, and competitive working environment especially for junior level.

Cons: - Big group means that it's not that flexible
- You need to build your network to grow
Advice: None
Pros: - Global perspectives
- HR &amp; Management invest in you
- Citizen Day, Parties, Seminars
- Possibility to move to a different field
- Promotes women

Cons: Mediocracy is prevelant. No benefit of taking efforts or achieving more 

Top management is extremely political many good ideas die due to their internal flights
Advice: Have clear alignment within top management
Reward your stars higher than average
Pros: Extremely employee friendly 
Work life balance

Cons: 1.Average pay 
2. Slow work processes
3.  Sl
Advice: Need to be more agile in this competitive market. Marketing can do much more.
Pros: 1. Great brand which commands respect
2. Good work environment and culture
3. Best products
4. Fair benefits

Cons: Hire people too Young fresh out of university with no experience
Need to be in CPD to evolve
Advice: None
Pros: Office is beautiful. You get to try products. They let you do any projects if you bring them to port.
Summer hours good.

Cons: more time spent on internal politics and conforming to perceived management expectations than to doing any good work.
Advice: Hong Kong: play fair, don't be racist
Pros: good compensation at senior management levels, passionate employees who are obsessed with the products

Cons: low quality of people; undefined career paths; lagging in compensation
Advice: Retaining talent helps in the long run rather than continously hiring new talent
Pros: Work life balance; having fun is part of the DNA

Cons: - you meet some incredibly ignorant people
- very French culture that is not inviting or collaborative
Advice: None
Pros: - free makeup (or 50% off)
- you meet some incredibly smart people

Cons: - salary below industry standards
- non transparent rules for getting promotion
Advice: - promote loyal employees, pay much attention for building long term career paths within organization
Pros: - high level of empowerment
- open to innovation
- friendly &amp; helpful people
- great brands

Cons: The majority of business stays in their role for around a year before moving, this is good for career progression but can be difficult to keep up with.
Advice: None
Pros: Team environment
Flexi-Time
Investment in training staff of all levels

Cons: You need to be outspoken to be noticed by the top managements if you worked in a big team. Biased
Advice: Do not judge a book by its cover
Pros: Good benefits, training, sometimes organised and free food on certain days

Cons: Do not see this in Managers in L'Oreal Singapore. Current leadership in a  particular department fabricate lies to create discord among team members (non managers).
I have seen ethical issues raised but no action from local management and simply ignored by Managers.
Advice: Global top mamagement should seriously review its current mancom leadership.
Pros: Company pride itself as one of the most enthical companies in the world.

Cons: Chaotic environment
Cuthroat culture, no ownership within wider teams
Unethical behaviour around treating employees not in corporate office
Borderline bullying and entitled attitude within upper management
No worklife balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary package and benefits, friendly colleagues, desirable products and good office

Cons: Hectic 
No personal life
Work life Balance
Brand name is big but systems are very BAD
Advice: Facilitate team with data and not always ask from them
Develop a strong connection with your team 
Work on Motivating team
Pros: Good Opportunity
Great Learning
Work culture is good

Cons: extremely political company
the leadership is a mess
some people are doing the same job for 20 years and no one wants to take decisions
Advice: None
Pros: people passionate about cosmetics
you can get products for a better price

Cons: Very bad treatment by management they kiked out to employee without any mistake. Management is doing favouralism. They are treating very bad manner also not taking care by humanity.  They are trating like that machine , not taking care of families and employee feeling. Very bad experience i have. I request you everyone think lot of time.
Advice: None
Pros: Group policy and culture is good.

Cons: relatively tall structure organization, lack of efficiency. Bosses might be very subjective
Advice: None
Pros: solid on-the-job training for marketers. have a lot of budget and resources to develop and implement plans

Cons: Although the company keeps saying its flexible, its not easy to change career path.
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical company. Each day, there is an "Ethical Day" in which CEO answers anonymous answers from employees all over the world

Cons: Being able to fit in the culture is the biggest challenge for any outsider. Once learnt this , life is good in Loreal
Advice: None
Pros: Open entrepreneurial culture so opportunities to learn a lot

Cons: - No structure &amp; Learning by doing
- High turnover rate
- Being asked to act beyond your capabilities / excessive workload
Advice: None
Pros: - Can have a job with more responsibility than other companies
- Relatively horizontal culture

Cons: Sometimes the direct supervisor might not be the best in communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Mid-range and Upper management was very nurturing and helpful. A great starting point for entry-level marketing or management position.

Cons: Too much importance placed on personal relations
Advice: Keep going
Pros: Lots of opportunies to grow and learn from the best talents
 Good work life balance
Extra amazing if you are lucky to find a great mentor

Cons: there is gossiping and some people overdo. if gossip is eliminated, the colleagues are top
Advice: None
Pros: high standard and requirements, no single day is the same, lots of freedom and opportunities

Cons: More transparency and emphasis on work life balance required !
Advice: Keep it up! Great team !
Pros: Fantastic company to work for. great culture, heritage, freedom of expression and networking opportunities.

Cons: - high stress, high burnout/turnover
- all type A personalities
Advice: None
Pros: - great opportunity to learn a lot quickly
- some managers/directors are incredible

Cons: Desorganized, no processes and difficult to manage work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: The company allows you to have great exposure to top managers and you can grow there if you want to

Cons: Seen as a cosmetics company rather than an full fledged FMCG company
Advice: None
Pros: Young, like minded people to work. 
No office politics.
Well defined career progression.

Cons: High staff turn over in head office. Due to interns. Makes it hard to get things done from the top up sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic brand benefits. Huge levels of support

Cons: Intense work environment requesting lots of autonomy.
Advice: None
Pros: Not a rigid company offering to grow your carreer as you conduct it allowing you to move to other countries while staying in the group.

Cons: Work in H.O not in R.S.O
Advice: KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Pros: Glamourous company to work &amp; you will be feeling youthful till you are a part of Loreal

Cons: Sometimes very chaotic processess hapenning
Some difficulties with finding necessary information or a person who knows something needed
Advice: None
Pros: Attentive to its employees
Friendly athmisphere
Beautiful location
Big emphasis on education

Cons: Long Hours
Focus on Aesthetics over content quality
Salary not as competitive as other leading FMCG
Advice: None
Pros: Creative and Inspiring Leaders
Great Team Spirit
Good Social Events &amp; Product Perks

Cons: Representing the entire brand with two head-counts for the entire market in Myanmar
Advice: None
Pros: Very much independent and can be creative. Many direct support from regional offices for guidelines.

Cons: Person may lose clarity on professional growth at some point.
Advice: None.
Pros: Freedom at work, accountability for projects, leave and flexible working hours and fair remuneration.

Cons: Lack of built up process is great in some senses but does mean can feel disorganised at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Salary
- Skilled teams
- Good career progression

Cons: Too competitive environment
Lack of clear objectives
Rework is at the base of the working culture
Advice: None
Pros: Goal oriented company
Fast learning environment
High responsibility

Cons: Relatively poor work life balance
Very challenging and long approval process
Advice: Set clear goals
Pros: Learn to work in a fast-paced environment
L'Oréal offers competitive salary and great benefits

Cons: career opportunities are low in italy in general
Advice: None
Pros: The rotation that you are able to do, and the people

Cons: Very unorganized company
Too many errors 
Be careful criticizing management - it might be viewed as insult rather than recognizing flaw to fix for continuous improvement.
Advice: No training process in place. Avoid bandage solution in the process. Too many unhappy employees.
Pros: Can’t say much - keep relationship with higher management you’ll go places .

Cons: Long hours + a lot of performance pressures
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, super open to innovate and new ideas, a lot of learning

Cons: Promotions are not correct. Lot of chaos in all segments
Advice: Be more objective, open and transparent
Pros: Ability to be creative and free
