Cons: Passion to help fix holes in routines established there seems to really threaten management.  Poor communication and direction from boss to direct reports. Indecisive back and forth decision-making and vague instruction without real strategy considered leaves you having to choose between kissing up to boss or doing your best at the job. A large amount of responsibility without the power to make decisions to set yourself up in those responsibilities. I was thrown under the bus taking blame for my boss' decisions quite a few times. Passive aggressive type leadership. Will terminate you without stating a reason. My job description changed completely from accepting job to where I ended up, without my position title changing. Unspoken expectation to "live" there in order to get things done, despite a couple break-ins making location late at night unsafe.
Advice: "because it's always worked out/been done this way" is not a reason to continue doing something a certain way. The more efficiently a set up can be, the more efficiently many tasks can be done to create a large amount of time to do extra projects and take a business (and my strengths/weaknesses) way beyond where it is. Also, employees who are passionate are not a threat, but should inspire you. I have never cared so much about a position in my life and felt punished for speaking up about real concerns and obstacles.
Pros: The job itself has very fun responsibilities, good benefits, around average/ slightly below average pay, fun culture at shows, events and meetings, indirect inspirational type of leadership overall expressed frequently through posted quotes, perks, thank you meals etc,( I'd still want the job back more than anything if under different leadership)

Cons: Because of the fast moving and entrepreneurial approach to work, there is little in the way of set processes that a person can follow.  Getting started here can be overwhelming until you  build your own network of experts and helpers.     I don't know if it is the whole company or just the  area I am in but managing workload and priorities is not done well.   This is a work in progress as it is a recognized problem but it is hard to enforce processes in a culture that has always been fueled on individualistic influence.    Finding the balance between execution on inspired ideas and working on the highest priorities is a tough job.
Advice: Our company ethics are an inspiration in these times of eroding social responsibility.    Keep  going!  We really do have to get better at prioritizing work especially balancing between the various divisions.   Shared service groups are overwhelmed by the competing demands of the divisions and functions.
Pros: Fast and challenging  environment, it is never boring or mundane.  The company's social responsibility is a thing of pride to all of us and they do really take care of their employees in terms of benefits and job security.   For people who love an unstructured work approach and are OK with managing their own time, it is a great place.   I genuinely love this company.   There are no corporate drones here, individuals are appreciated and the company culture allows for different personalities and styles.

Cons: At the end of the day it's all about who likes you and has your back, in particular when it comes to your boss. 
HR is the worse out there. Do not trust them, whatever they say. Anything and everything will be used against you down the line. 
At the end of the day employees are just numbers, and replaceable, no one cares about how it is really going and if you have a work life balance. A 15hr day is normal and rare are the GM's who let you comp the weekends you worked or traveled.
Advice: 360 reviews in order for the bad management to be penalized. To date it's all about what your N+1 or 2 thinks about you and HR doesn't care if it's personal even if you do a great job and have performed for years. Be honest, be fare! Treat people with respect and let them express themselves especially when they bring up a problem with their boss instead of burying it. The whole US organization needs a serious HR overall and the people they picked for that are the worst part of the system. People are not happy and too afraid to say it.
Pros: The people are incredible, creative and smart no doubt some of the best talents in the industry. It's one of the most creative environments out there and that's very exciting.

Cons: The quarter year management shifts, rearrange everything and upset the apple cart when they occur approximately every 4 years or so.  Many of the long time employees are cycled out and new younger employees are cycled in.  With that many long term employees, this is truly a tough place to say goodbye to.
Advice: Don't forget about the needs of the loyal and dedicated long term seniour employees as you court new younger talent.  Both have many assets.
Pros: L'Oreal USA represents the best and the brightest of our society.  It is a classically diversified company with a plethora of products, positions, plans and people!  There is always a new project going on and they are widely respected in their industry, strive to make the work experience a great event for all of their employees, and work to attain a great work like balance for everyone.  They try to keep the door open to fresh talent and make room for them.  Many of the employees become long term employees and are very proud of their work longevity.

Cons: - One of those companies where there are "Kings" and "queens" and you have to kiss the ring.  GMs and operational heads are treated as gods and can make or destroy your career regardless of your talent and achievements.
- Steep learning curve (significant percentage of new hires don't survive the first year). 
- French culture strongly influences L'Oreal USA.  
- Expect emotional outbursts in meetings which is referred to as "Passion"
- Death by 1000 Meetings 
- Slow decision making....and even after decisions are made they get revisited
Advice: The company is making strong effort to address the obvious concerns regarding employees morale. This is a positive move but we are yet to see the benefits and impact of such programs such as SIMPLICITY. Also, encourage your senior management to be more humble and treat other with the deserved respect.
Pros: + Successful company with proud history and stability
+ Pension plan (not many companies still offer it)
+ Global presence opens opportunities to work in many different areas
+ There are some very smart people in this company and you can learn a lot from them (even if some processes are not smart)
+ Summer hours, volunteering, work from home, and other good programs

Cons: 1. VP's have no long term strategy  
2. Goal is to move orders from the next month up, and stuff the backdoors of customers. 
3. Long trail of emails where NAM's are spoken to in a very disrespectful manner. 
4. VP'S ask for a volume update every 2 hours, and they overcommit numbers to management to make themselves look good. 
5. Unreasonable goals that are not based on the customer. 
6. VP's scared to explain true conditions of market to SVP's.
Advice: I would advise that you let employee's have a ride along day before joining the very unorganized MCB division of Loreal. This will allow them to fully evaluate the role before joining.  I would not recommend anyone to leave a good established company to join this place. In 2015/2016 I did this and it the biggest regret that I have in life. 

With declining brands the company needs to set a strategy before the year starts. We are planning for 2017 in February of 2017. At my previous company we planned for the next year 9 to 11 months out. Strategy is top down in any organization, and right now I am very disappointed that L'Oréal is allowing a division to operate like this.
Pros: 1. Nothing positive about being a National Account    Manager in the MCB division

Cons: Management & HR over-emphasizes the ability/benefit to transfer into other divisions or into other roles but when faced with the request to transfer to another division or internal role they are not as open.  You're wanted to be open to relocation but only on their terms.
Many "politics" at play from communication to executing promotions- the open door they speak of is not as open as it should be... especially with fear of retaliation being a real thing.
Advice: A happy employee is a more productive employee.  Try to lessen the politics behind everything- it's not motivating and listen to your teams.... also listen to what they are afraid to say and are not saying.  There is a lot of frustration that stays bottled up.
Pros: Great benefits.  Large diverse company with many other divisions to give L'OREAL a strong foot hold in the large world of cosmetics which favors job security.  Employee perks are another nice thing you don't see in other companies.  The pros from the incredible benefits outweigh the cons!

Cons: you will be challenged & stretched, make sure you are into that before you apply
Advice: Continue listening to employees, believing in them and taking bets!
Pros: I love L'Oreal!  After more than ten years with the company, I am still excited to come here each and every day.  L'Oreal has provided me with many different jobs, opportunities, career moves within many divisions and locations. My management has always believed in me, challenged me and is helping me to develop into a becoming a strategic leader.  I am surrounded by world-class talent in R&I, creative and innovative scientists that do not settle for status quo. In addition to great benefits, we also have work flexibility, summer hours and a strong management team.

Cons: Limited visibility in the company unless you work in the NY office. High likelihood that you will be managed by someone very young who has no management experience but is being "coached" often to the detriment of your own development. Managers will often take credit for your work and your ideas with no acknowledgement or appreciation for the contribution. Quality of work sometimes takes a back seat to meeting deadlines.
Advice: Realize that your older employees have not only professional experience but life experience that lends to better decision making. Stop coaching young inexperienced managers at the expense of those who know their jobs well. It's not worth losing entire departments several times over just to save one incompetent manager.
Pros: Exposure to marketing research and expertise that is second to none in the industry. The opportunity to work with some very talented and driven professionals. Great benefits and free product perks.

Cons: The marketing mentality takes over the research spirit and consequently hinders innovation. The leadership style within the company is very top-down and too autocratic. A significant portion of the workforce tends to coast and nothing is being done to address it. The meeting etiquette leaves a lot to be desired (late start, attendees showing up late, unclear goals).
Advice: Create a performance-base company culture, give more autonomy to local teams, balance the roles between R&D and marketing
Pros: Company has prestigious brands, marketing and manufacturing capability, shows commitment in sustainability and environmentally friendly products. R&D is one of the biggest in the industry.

Cons: L'Oreal likes to do more with less resources. It's a great company to work for, but you need to have a sense of urgency and time management or you will definitely feel stresses. I personally like fast paced and challenging environments, so this is a perfect fit for me.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits! L'Oreal is always looking at reinventing itself and is rolling out a new culture of Smart/Simplicity. You can feel the entrepreneurial and innovative spirit in this location. As an employee, you will be treated fairly and with respect. I couldn't ask for a better company to work for! L'Oreal North Little Rock has strong  culture and is very people oriented. It's not only about developing your technical skills, it's also about your soft skills.

Cons: Pay for FTEs appears to be consistently below market for the region, even considering benefits like pension. Don't expect to be appreciated by upper management unless you are in a highly visible sales or marketing role. HR seems more interested in seeing how little they can compensate you, rather than what you are worth in the market.
Advice: Value your talent more; they are the company's lifeblood, and if you aren't willing to compensate them enough to retain them, you'll have bigger problems. Don't just pay lip service to how much you appreciate their work, then undervalue them year over year.
Pros: On the whole, some really excellent people work at Clarisonic. The engineering groups have some very talented engineers that do great work. Work/life balance is very good in some divisions, depending on your manager.

Cons: Severely lacking retention policy.  The benefits package is good upfront, but the raises and salary adjustments are far from competitive compared to other companies in the industry.  Most chemists used their position at L'Oreal as a slot on their resume, and after 1 or 2 years would leave for something significantly higher in pay.  Additionally, while there is some mobility where you can change roles or departments, it's a double edged sword in many cases.  A manager can change from one technical department to an entirely different one, without any background knowledge or expertise in that area.  As a result, the people under the manager greatly suffer from a technical development standpoint.  Additionally, with the research area at the mercy of marketing, many projects are cancelled or funneled into continuously recirculated products from different brands that only have small changes made that have no real effect on perceived performance.  Unless you're on one of the transient groups that are in the front of the line in terms of company visibility (in today's case, the global technology incubator group), you're either stuck in complacency at your current position and barely moving, or you're swimming on the wrong side of a work life balance... just to get a skin lotion or shampoo out onto the market that's hardly innovative (even though the company loves using the word innovation to describe adding things like adding protein or honey at tiny percentages of less than 1% to already existing frame formulas and calling it new, or deconstructing competitor formulas and trying to replicate it for their own).
Advice: Address the cons above, and actually try to do something about employee dissatisfaction instead of just doing a bunch of surveys and having kumbaya meetings where people just vent their problems without any solutions being proposed or implemented.
Pros: Good benefits package overall upfront

Cons: Sink or swim mentally, marketing driven with no regard to creative departments contribution - an idea is only as good as its execution which is done by creative, creative is regarded as a service department working for marketing versus team mentality, high turn-over rate, marketing departments promote regularly and easily giving junior employees too much responsibility, HR protects upper management and sabotages everyone below, senior positions held by life-long antiquated employees who are not up to speed or current in thinking, lacks overall communication from top down creating last minute re-work and unnecessary long hours
Advice: Need leadership teams that are aligned with strong communication skills as groups work in silos creating unnecessary work and long hours
Pros: Good benefits, two bonus - corporate and divisional, 401k, vacation, half Friday's during summer months, free goods from corporate store that carries products from majority of divisions

Cons: Not as nimble since so large
Newly acquired companies may not be used to such a large global organization
L'Oréal may not understand fully some of the companies they acquire before they acquire them and this makes transitions/change tough at times.
Advice: Listen, listen, listen
Some of the best ideas can come from frontline employees especially ones who have been working on the frontlines of companies L'Oréal may have just acquired. It's OK to show interest in what the lower level employees have to say. In fact, it is vital for change and there is a lot of that at any company especially one as global as L'Oréal.
Pros: Big Company
Lots of opportunity
Very Competitive Wage
Excellent Benefits
Brand Recognition

Cons: Time off is average - every 5 years or so another 5 days are added.
Work life balance can be a struggle (but if you are non-exempt and can get overtime, they make sure you are paid for that)
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great company to grow at - they encourage their employees to push themselves to move to higher roles after about 2 years in a position.
The compensation is very competitive and the company store is a great perk.
Health benefits are great and they match a 401k up to a certain %

Cons: Some very lazy and apathetic employees with no motivation. Quick changes with marketing, lack of database for records and procedures
Advice: Continue to empower the employee and hire good engineers. Let innovation projects drive the company forward because it the competitive field, new products have to make a splash.
Pros: Large international company with diverse products, brands, and technologies, creams, emulsions, hair color, skin care, moisturizes, sun blocks, fragrances, mascara, foundation, nail polish, hair gels. Forward moving company embracing technology, mobile it, and new trends. Very friendly and hard working people.

Cons: Not very embracing of diversity. Not quite Meritocratic - You have to fit a "certain" mold and make it into the "favorites" class or unfortunately you have little to no career growth opportunity.
Advice: Standardize your people/career management system to mitigate the negative impact of unconscious and conscious bias. This will help to make L'Oreal a great place to work for ALL truly talented people.
Pros: Offers great opportunities for career growth with promotions possible even as quickly as 8months in. 
Great products and benefits.

Cons: Marketing has too much influence in the scientific testing process which affects the quality of testing results.  So many meetings that it can be hard to get work done. Not much room for growth as an objective scientist. Measuring parameters that are almost completely subjective, like 'beauty', 'radiance' etc is an impossible task, which leaves no way to objectively determine how good the product is. Plenty of brown nosing.
Advice: Reduce the amount of meetings you hold with your core group.
Pros: Good benefits. Good job security.

Cons: Global IT department in France is only concerned about controlling all IT services and not the quality of service that is provided the employees.  When you run into issues there is no means to resolve directly and you must wait until the Global team wakes up.
Advice: US management needs to take a close look what is happen inside IT
Pros: People below VP Level in IT a nice to work with, pay is okay,  big corporation, location, nice office, good bonus, international partners, travel opportunities. CIO changed recently.

Cons: Equipment is only patched, not properly fixed. Management is only concerned about production, which is hard to do because you run all shift fixing equipment. MTBF is 1.5 mins.  Only want temporary help, they do not want to hire within, know of several people walked out for wanting to be hired within.
Advice: Fix your machines, Treat people with respect, not down them for not being able to keep rate on faulty equipment.
Pros: Usually plenty of hours. Safety is a priority.

Cons: Pay is not competitive.   Team are run lean to the point of gross inefficiency and undue stress to employees.  Work life balance is non-existent without impacting your work or causing workload to shift onto others.  Political to the point of highly irresponsible decision making.   Promotions are arbitrary and based on favoritism and very rarely merit based
Advice: Decrease the politics and stick to basic principles.  Staff the teams effectively and improve profitably on the product instead of cost and head count chopping and putting the burden of your poor decision making on the backs of your hardest working employees
Pros: Benefits aside from direct compensation (health, retirement, misc fringe benefits) are good

Cons: Be prepared to work in a global company with directions coming from local and global management. Only a con if you can not manage it
Advice: keep listening to employees, it helps alot
Pros: It is cool to work with really smart people who share the same passion for making great products. If you have an idea, you can present it to senior management and make it happen. Benefits are good.

Cons: I don't have any cons to share. This is a company that surveys the entire workforce to improve the workplace annually. It is a privilege to work for L'Oreal.
Advice: Keep up the amazing environment and positive culture.  L'Oreal is an amazing place to thrive, where diverse talent works together in a symbiotic, wholesome organic way.
Pros: L'Oréal is a wonderful company to work for. Allow people to take initiative and make a difference every day. Incredible culture to thrive in.

Cons: Meeting-heavy culture, still very slow to innovate in many areas, too many meetings and preparation for visits for bigwigs coming from France
Advice: Encourage people to have a life more, take time off, celebrate successes, recognize teams publicly, seek diversity, convert consultant workforce to permanent
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits, moderately
Young workforce (for the most part) modern office, looks good on resume, exciting portfolio of brands, many locations around the world,

Cons: Loads of work to be done, since it is a very entrepreneurial environment, it is possible that lines are blurred within different positions
Advice: find better and smarter ways to promote from within, look at the talent that they currently have and their potential, this would keep current employees more satisfied and motivated
Pros: entrepreneurial environment
oriented to the people working in the company
friendly environment
company enables you to create your own path to growth which include international opportunities

Cons: There is a heavy Workload that could affect worklife balance
Some market initiatives such a flexible hours are being currently analized and implemented in some countries, but we are not there yet 100%
Management could be improved
Advice: None
Pros: You are free to create
In this company you can really make things happen
There are tons of ways to grow professionally. The opportunities are there to be taken
L'Oreal cares about their Talents

Cons: Everyone under a VP is basically the same level.  Everyone cranks out mindless decks ALL DAY LONG.  It's bizzare.  Truly.  I mean think decks with over 1,000 slides where only 10-15 slides are actually shown.  Worst company I have ever worked for hands down.  It's mostly former bankers who enjoy the punishment of mindless decks since they get to go home at 10pm as opposed to 3 am.  Just don't.  Skip this one.
Advice: Get a grip.
Pros: None I can thing of or maybe it's the measly free product you get each month.

Cons: - Hard to move between departments 
- Company strongly favors the brand management team, which sometimes makes other teams feel like they aren't as important
- Lots of turnover and burnout
Advice: Find a way to keep your employees! You burn out alot of great talent!
Pros: - Ability to have alot of ownership over your products and projects
- Free Goods ($80 worth) every month to spend in the company store
- Flexibility to be creative

Cons: Constant cost cutting and view of people as resources, replaceable cogs.  This comes down from upper Management which is incredibly hierarchal and represents all the worst elements of french culture..
Advice: You demand a lot.  You pay for little.  You get people to go above and beyond for years.  Then you get a new crop of people when the old ones are burned out.  This is not a healthy strategy
Pros: You can take on a lot roles and responsibilities outside your official job.  Offices are modern and beautiful.  Pay for some employee levels are exceptional.

Cons: Stressful work environment.  There is always a high workload.  Does not matter your level, you will be in the weeds. I find this exciting, but it may not be for everyone
Advice: Keep up the momentum!
Pros: Flexible work environment. Focus on results not where/when work is being done. Leader in the industry. Aggressive acquisition strategy. If you can’t beat them, buy them!

Cons: can have very long hours 
expect you to sleep eat breath the company and its products
overworked 
making hard who to contact do to everyone moving around in positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Really care about advancements and try to move people up fast 
Have a lot of programs to enhance knowledge and experience 
People all friendly 
Samples to try new products 
everyone is very passionate about the products

Cons: - Sexist environment, where women are objectified for a living
- Culture of duplicity and lying
- Everyone is afraid, and the "walls have ears"
Advice: - Do the housework - get rid of some of the top managers, who are repeat offenders; you know who they are. Stop facilitating them. Have some courage. Walk the talk!
Pros: - Pay is good
- Headquarters is beautiful, even if in a terrible neighborhood

Cons: Same thing everyday, nothing changes. Pay raises aren't much. Maybe .03% Lunch is only 30mins with two 10 min breaks. That's it when it comes to breaks.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, best I've seen. Time off. Competitive pay
Your hard will show when they look at how many scans you did within your shift.

Cons: The timelines are usually tight, especially considering the time to get the testing done.  More and more regulations and it is hard to introduce any technologies in a timely fashion.
Advice: None
Pros: The people in L'Oreal are generally nice and would like to help.  Benefits are good with retirement plan.  There are many opportunities in the company.  HR is amazingly efficient.

Cons: -On site employees/advisors were not the friendliest at times. The commission based salary gives advisors a reason to fight for sales.
-After working two counters, it was made clear that the counter atmosphere changes according to who the counter manager is. At times, unsteady management.
Advice: None
Pros: -Gratis!
-Lancome Training was great. Fun, enriching, and informative. The training alone made a part-time worker feel valued.

Cons: Holiday hours and workload can be overwhelming. Time off can be a struggle. In addition to this, things are constantly changing and you will need to be able to keep up with it.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal welcomes creativity and room to grow within the company. Salary and benefits are great, as well as free product incentives.

Cons: the bureaucracy and politics can slow us down. some people are too obsessed with promoting themselves. we can sometimes loose sight of what is right for the brands or the business
Advice: None
Pros: great brands, great people, dynamic environment and entrepreneurship. L'Oreal is a learning place and a connection place

Cons: No communication from higher management. Says you have earned days off but gets in trouble for using them. Can be let go from your position with no warning and escorted out as if you're a criminal.
Advice: When someone asks for feedback on their performance - give it. Don't fake nice and then fire them.
Pros: Beautiful office, some nice co workers, perks. Good insurance all around. Good induction but poor execution after. Good pay. Higher than norm.

Cons: On boarding wasn't very good but its a minor issue
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Met some really great people on this internship. Also got a ton of real world experience, we had projects where we were working with very high up people in the company.

Cons: You'll do a lot of redundant tasks.  They like to think they're diverse. They hire people from all backgrounds and with diverse experiences.  But they want things done their way.  There's very little room for change.  Those who succeed quickly learn this and buy in.
Advice: None
Pros: Use this company to gain Experience

Cons: Culture, people, politics, too many meeting, French company, too many consultants/ freelancers who are not accountable, low full time employee headcount,
Advice: None
Pros: People, pay, stable job, good money, big corporation, location, nice office, good bonus, international partners, travel opportunities, company always trying to care about employees

Cons: Lack of formal training
Opportunity for growth can be limited depending on which department you are in
Advice: Overall  upper management does an excellent job of striving for continuous improvement and innovation.  Within individual departments management could be more hands on with day to day operations
Pros: Excellent Benefits: 401K, Health, Holidays
Good work life balance
Competitive salary

Cons: Burnout is real, turnover is high, work-life balance is poor to non-existent
Advice: Don't focus on recruiting new employees; focus on keeping the ones you already have
Pros: Innovative company, motivated coworkers, great benefits

Cons: The division/channel I worked for in Loreal has gone through many changes.  Personally speaking, communication and job security are the cons to being a part of this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great organization, generous pay, amazing benefits. All necessary tools are provided to be successful in your job.

Cons: Popularity over smarts/contributions
So cliquish, its unbelievable
Don't expect HR to help
Trust no one
Claims that they want to change but its ALL talk
Advice: People actually like structure in their careers
Stop rewarding mediocre people
Acknowledge the fact that levels of expectation under VP are the same in some departments and that it is discouraging to make it so hard to get promoted when you are doing a higher level's job
Pros: Great brands
Location
Looks great on resume

Cons: Daily work life is chaotic and frustrating at times. There are so many layers, so it takes a lot to push something through.
Advice: None
Pros: Loreal truly cares about your professional growth and there are so many resources available to advance your career. They also have amazing benefits.

Cons: Salary is low by 30% vs others in the current market
Advice: None
Pros: Very entrepreneur mindset 
Lots of benefits 
Lots of training and IT is excellent 
Room for growth internally within different functions if you ever wanted to change careers

Cons: They have no work life balance and everyone is expected to know everything from day 1.
Advice: Be more patient and create more training programs for new hires AND their managers.
Pros: The pay was incredible for my first job and the office is beautiful

Cons: The management at L'Oréal is driving the business into the ground.Run for the exit door if you can. I foresee a major business contraction occurring this year.
Advice: Fire Yourself
Pros: Limited amount of free goods every other month. Everything else is not good. I recommend not working at L'Oréal.

Cons: Can be political and junior employees can sometimes be left out when big meetings come around, but that is one a team by team basis.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, workspace, and energy at the new Hudson Yards office. Definitely a sink or swim environment; fast paced and exciting.

Cons: The only disadvantage is that they  hire lot of temps for long term assignments.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company very well known lot of exposure to different fields within accounting.

Great Benefits

Cons: Paid 50% less than industry average in New York
Very hard to move up in company due to lack of head count and hiring freezes throughout the company
Advice: Pay people fairly.
Pros: Beautiful new office building
Nice people work there

Cons: Too many dumb people. Will be the eventful downfall for the company. Very political
Advice: Rate your employees correctly
Pros: Great package, great culture, good learning curve.
Can go far ahead , if you play the game right

Cons: The MOST TOXIC work environment I've ever experienced and/or heard of. Truthfully, if I had the choice of being homeless or working at this company, I'd choose homelessness all day long.
Advice: You should be ashamed of the way you treat your employees, particularly the non-French ones. Shame!
Pros: None, other than a paycheck, which will cost you dearly in terms of your personal and professional life.

Cons: 80% travel, access to opportunity with other brands is limited
Advice: Listen to the field team more as the stresses of being on the road give unique insight different from being in the office.
Pros: Great benefits, resources, and training

Cons: Interns are not given a specific role or department when offered an internship or when offered a position upon graduation.
Advice: More training for first-time managers of interns.
Pros: Friendly work environment with many networking opportunities.

Cons: Little work life balance, still lots of politics in the company and the company isn't as agile as it should be
Advice: None
Pros: The pros are you work with passionate people and have a good amount of responsibility

Cons: I have no cons to bring up
Advice: keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Amazing environment, beautiful new office, all the employees are happy and kind, open space, company takes care of its people.

Cons: Verily heavily reliant on marketing
Sometimes budget cuts result in ending of contract without early notice
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with, very helpful, easy to get a long with. 
Free & discounted products!

Cons: Culture can be tough. Work long hours.
Advice: Transform to become more externally focused.
Pros: You work on some great brands - lots of opportunity within the company. World class beauty company.

Cons: Sometimes long working hours. Can be stressful if you are not on top of your game
Advice: Great management tbh. Some are a little too serious, but most managers are cool
Pros: Everyone is friendly and welcoming. Decent salary

Cons: Crazy politics, crazy work culture, upper management styles, continuity within teams, too much internal movement
Advice: Get a grip
Pros: Perks of free products, company store, T&E

Cons: Intense and potentially cliquish
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate, Smart people who are determined to get results

Cons: Workload, work-life imbalance, culture, lack of autonomy
Advice: Need to trust in your employees more to allow them to grow
Pros: Great Benefits, Big Brands, Good opportunities

Cons: Flexibility at work is not as good as at other companies formally, but good individual management trust in employees to manage workload.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing, smart, driven people to work with.
Fast moving.
Awesome brands and products.

Cons: Not for everyone
A lot of ambiguity
employees respond slowly to each other
Other than that great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Culture of Success
Freedom to create own career
A lot of ambiguity
Great opportunities for Mentorship
Culture of networking

Cons: Constant re-organization. Inconsistency with leadership direction. Limited opportunity for advancement outside of New York.
Advice: Recognize the value of your field employees.
Pros: Amazing brands that you can be proud to represent.

Cons: As a remote employee, you do not always receive full  transparency regarding internal meetings or receive face time with managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Fair compensation, and benefits, good work/ life balance for remote employees

Cons: Politics within role, Heavy dependence on Brick & Mortar Stores, Dependence on Global team
Advice: None
Pros: Fast Paced, Autonomy, Sales & Marketing Hybrid Role, Innovative, Senior Level Exposure, Client Facing

Cons: Very little work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oréal gives you the ability to innovate, explore and grow with your own passion

Cons: No work-life balance, company politics
Advice: Create time to groom people in your team for them to understand the business better and give better results.
Pros: Good learning curve, some training opportunities

Cons: Over worked, stressful, limited Direction, no set processes.
Advice: Be less dogmatic to the employees and more compassionate and open to helping employees.
Pros: Busy, multi-tasking, discounts on product. Growth potential for the right person.

Cons: The everyday expectation is to work long hours
Advice: nothing available at this time
Pros: Great Products and generous product allowance

Cons: Not a creative environment, takes forever to make a decision, everything is done for the CEO
Advice: Stress less so your team isn't influenced negatively
Pros: Good benefits, growth opportunities, diverse

Cons: Salaries seem to be under industry standards
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work atmosphere, within a trendy industry.

Cons: Growth can sometimes be affected by favouritism
Advice: None
Pros: Free products, good on the job training

Cons: Huge organization that is retail driven, product was lost when Loreal bought them (was no longer supported in a professional environment
Advice: none
Pros: Great product, good benefits and opportunities

Cons: Lots of centralization in Paris and New York headquarters.
Advice: None
Pros: Be your own boss, you can propose innovative ways forward, you have the freedom to try.

Cons: Long hours at times, low increase in raises
Advice: Develop your staff for empowerment/growth
Pros: Company store, lots of discounts, free goods

Cons: Promotional opportunities limited, very few opportunities for promotion of middle managers
Advice: Create advancement opportunities
Pros: employee oriented company, employees safety and work environment is very good

Cons: Long working hours. A poor work and life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team of smart people to work with.
Room for growth.

Cons: Can get overwhelming or boring sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Very Dynamic
Learn different equipment and techniques
Lots of resources to learn from

Cons: No cons.  Be prepared to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Fabulous company that takes care of its people.

Cons: Need better resources when changing positions within the company
Advice: Better resources for transitioning into new positions
Pros: Great work environment to be in

Cons: Blackout periods in which you cannot take your vacation.
Advice: None
Pros: WFH, flex time, managers are good with letting you leave early if you have an appointment

Cons: Need more stores. The opportunities are limited to where they have stores.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great pay, gratis, benefits . They provided excellent education and opportunities.

Cons: Long hours
Non-stop changing priorities
Offices needed updating but has since been addressed
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks
Great benefits
Fun team
Best in the industry
Offices are beautiful

Cons: workload can be intense sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands, digital centric company, beauty specialist , great talents, passionated people

Cons: Long commute going in to work everyday, busy area
Advice: None
Pros: Has a great atmosphere, ability to create your own path

Cons: Company takes too long to hire you full-time
Advice: Management is very good company is on track
Pros: They have good teamwork good communication

Cons: Long hours, no appreciation, little support from upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits- health benefits,free goods and discounted profucts6

Cons: They don't always value the high potential employees and move them around quick enough if at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance for employees.

Cons: poor upper management who do not have a clear vision
Advice: None
Pros: great discount on products and giveaways

Cons: Long hours, no work life balance
Advice: Streamline processes to create a better work life balance
Pros: Good benefits, competitive salary, lots of training available

Cons: Disconnected management and a reluctance to change
Advice: Better manage the high talent turnover.
Pros: Solid products and good perks

Cons: Poor work life balance and top down management
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, strong expertise and industry leader

Cons: very competitive, poor work life balance, too much work not equivalent to salary
Advice: None
Pros: entrepreneur experience, creative minds wanted, some great managers,benefits

Cons: Communication is unclear, and everyone seems to have a hidden agenda
Advice: None
Pros: Offer a lot of opportunity for exposure within the company

Cons: stressful, very busy, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: good, opportunity, learn a lot, forefront of industry

Cons: long hours (especially month-end), unrealistic workload and not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Company Overall

Cons: Long long hours and quite a bit of travel
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people to work with and great brands to represent

Cons: Favoritism.  Poor work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive compensation and benefits.  Opportunity for travel abroad

Cons: Work holiday hours stand on feet a lot.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, lots of perks, good pay would definitely recommend.

Cons: No cons to working at this company
Advice: None
Pros: To help women of all ages achieve their dreams

Cons: I don't like the atmosphere there
Advice: None
Pros: The job itself is quite challenging, you can definitely learn a lot

Cons: The pay is low.  The department practices some unethical practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Discounts at the Company Store.

Cons: Culture and attitude are poor
Advice: Stop being so 'clique-y'
Pros: Modern, state of the art technology. Safe, clean.

Cons: On the lower end of salary scale
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues, fun environment, prestige of the brands

Cons: Understaffed, things change on a whim
Advice: None
Pros: Monthly bonus incentives, gratis, fun environment

Cons: Need better systems and processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Very creative and entrepreneurial environment.  Fast paced and exciting.

Cons: I am only working there for the summer
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone is great. The people are wonderful

Cons: Teams are small and yet trying to grow the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Still a small "start up" vibe.

Cons: a lot of traveling and meetings
Advice: None
Pros: great working environment and very positive team

Cons: Long hours, cut-throat and fast-paced environment
Advice: None
Pros: Great hands-on experience for junior employees

Cons: Nothing! This is a great company to work for!
Advice: None
Pros: I love L'Oréal! Great company!!!

Cons: Need more feedback from managers, no exit interview
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience, collaborative environment, innovative and successful

Cons: Long hours, too many levels of approval
Advice: None
Pros: Room to grow, tons of perks, good benefits

Cons: not enough hours to do full time
Advice: none
Pros: fun,great product, good pay,flexibility, nice people

Cons: Always working. Overwhelming at some times
Advice: None
Pros: You learn a lot and are never bored

Cons: Culture mirrors a sorority
Break up hiring by division
Advice: None
Pros: Meaningful projects 
Fun intern events

Cons: hard to speak to management
Advice: more communication
Pros: great products, support was very positive

Cons: Work could be more collaborative
Advice: None
Pros: Great profitable company. Beautiful products. Great employees

Cons: Work hours might be long at times
Advice: None
Pros: Values Entrepreneurship and great  people around

Cons: project, work hours, business processes
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, nice, good experience, mentors were good to have

Cons: Bought out by Loreal. Corporate mentality
Advice: Lower goals
Pros: Ok but very high goals

Cons: Need A better hiring process
Advice: None
Pros: Bonus based on sales
Free product quarterly
God benefits

Cons: Too many Chiefs not enough Indians.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and perks. Matching 401k.

Cons: The organization is a mess
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are great for young people

Cons: I don't have any negative comments.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, company culture.

Cons: * some smart people, but not trained properly or on the basics 
* quite a few incompetent folks  that remain even after recent layoffs/packages
* HY location- lousy neighborhood
Advice: None
Pros: * many global brands
* deep pockets
* lots of needed change

Cons: Nothing I love it here
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work forever

Cons: No commission
Hours get lowered after holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. Free product and 401k

Cons: Micromanaging and human resource is unorganized.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and gym membership!

Cons: Very low pay, bad working hours, very hot warehouse, miles and miles of walking
Advice: Pay more and treat people better
Pros: Cafeteria , lunch, and a few microwaves but not much else

Cons: They will do everything in their power not to hire people as L'oreal employees
Advice: You suck.
Pros: They have a company store which is 50 percent off

Cons: Lack of career growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: Very tough work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work environment

Cons: Slavery over worked not respected
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing at all is good

Cons: Micromanaged
Little care about employees
Heavy from top down
Leaders don't understand market
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule
Awesome coworkers
Fun industry

Cons: Unethical organization. Product diversion is rewarded.
Advice: None
Pros: Great to have access to L'Oréal products at a discount

Cons: Executives do not care about their employees.  Lack of vision and trust.  Extremely difficult to grow career.
Advice: None
Pros: Beauty product discounts, extra day off after certain holidays

Cons: Not a con per se, but it is fast-paced (as with all FMCGs).
Also, in such a big company with more than 20 brands, there is still a tendency for some to operate in silo.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing, as long as the company keeps its vision and its heart for consumers and employees, the results will definitely show
Pros: As someone passionate in the role and the industry, I love that the work is challenging and fulfilling - you will learn new things, drive projects, develop your skills in the ever-changing landscape, and have a chance to make an impact. 

Beyond that, the company is genuine in its desire to constantly provide good environment and care for employees. 
I had heard negative things before joining the company, but after being here for some time, I think that is a thing of the past. 
The management has changed, the culture has evolved, there is a real effort to drive employee engagement, and the benefits such as flexibility to work-from-home sweeten the experience. 
I also greatly appreciate that the company is socially and environmentally conscious.

Cons: - Most reviews on Glassdoor have been forced to be written by the HR. I was asked to write one personally earlier too. 

- Half our campus didn’t apply because they were turned off by the attitude and sarcastic and mean nature of the HR 

- If you approach the HR for any issue while working there, the blame will be put on you and you’ll be reprimanded

- Interview was filled with sarcastic jibes and personal remarks 

- Small office 

- Very different work timings, work and ‘chill’ atmosphere from what HR claimed on campus
Advice: Be what you claim to be or don’t claim to be something else. Please don’t be so rude and sarcastic to students publicly for no reason. Your HR represents your company outside your office, please choose one who doesn’t ruin your company’s image. Our entire college has a very low opinion of your company simply because of how the HR behaved with the students. 

Your company is great. Your campus HR is not. And that ruins everything.
Pros: Well the people are pretty like minded. So if you are a certain type of person, you won’t get a more like minded bunch anywhere else. 

Very open minded people with few restrictions on clothing etc. it’s very freeing.

Cons: - Malaysia HR managers in long tenure are too political and can sometimes seem unethical in behaviour and remarks. 
- A lot of people agenda needs to be driven by business leaders on their own will poor support from HR. No clear intent on people agenda. Which results in turnover of people. 
- Work scope can overlap at times which creates unnecessary complications. 
- Long hours but it is individual choice due to flexible working style and not forced by company
Advice: - Look into stronger HR leaders as many other markets in region have advanced
- Continue driving transparency in managing situations. 
- Ensure right and proper roll out of new culture project
Pros: - Dynamic business - beauty is ever growing and fuelled by innovation and advancement of digital space - which the company is leveraging well on. 
- Open culture - matrix structure which means individuals don't need to push for visibility. 
- Stable industry and business. Constantly growing ahead of industry pace for the past few years. Lots of potential in Malaysia market. 
- Great Brands and vision - very clear ambition by group and local in terms of business. 
- Great career progression if performance and potential. Inspiring to see peers exported to other markets as well as exposure received. 
- Lots of room to drive and bring changes. Senior management on business side always open to new ideas.

Cons: You are only as good as your last presentation. Your managers and HR are constantly judging you and putting you in categories- Fast track? Poor performer? Be prepared to play politics...hard. If you don’t want to play the game-get out. Bravo you’ve been promoted to a new division. Not really. Now you have to re-prove yourself all over again. I’ve heard it over and over again - everyone is replaceable. Nope you aren’t special.  Sorry. Transparency is not king. Everything is hush hush. Rumours are constantly flying.
Advice: For some reason you are able to recruit some pretty amazing people. Treat them that way. You are spending so much energy trying to recruit new talent, what about trying to retain your old talent? No one should be allowed to belittle their employees but I have seen managers do it time and time again. Unfortunately they are still there. Their employees aren’t. Hmmm??
Pros: The people that work here for the most part (barring HR and top management) are great! You have the opportunity to work on some pretty cool projects. Location of office is amazing and very central.

Cons: - highly demanding with long hours due to lack of process and meeting inefficiency.
- strong culture can be very hard to adopt when coming from other companies. micromanagement from top executives down to the smallest execution details.
- short term and internal decision making process can get in the way of long term gains.
- interpersonal leadership skills dont always determine who gets promoted.
Advice: - take specific, measurable actions behind existing programs to improve work/life balance so that teams see quick wins of it.
- reward managers with team leadership skills: broaden manager's evaluation criteria beyond business results, making teams take an active role in the evaluation of their managers with an impact on their current and future career moves.
Pros: - fast learning curve, very dynamic and changing environment that fosters challenging how things are done (faire et refaire pour mieux faire) with the means and resources to make ideas happen. 
- focus on results, not process.
- young, international teams who are passionate about the beauty industry and forging strong networking relationships with their coworkers. 
fast paced careers with international and very flexible paths.
- increasing focus on social/environmental/ethical impact at all levels of the company, strongly promoted by top management.

Cons: There's a lot of pressure and since it's a very changing, fast paced enviroment not everyone resist the pressure. People can be a little too stressed or too pressure mainly during the seasons.
Advice: Be closer to the people; challenge your teams but give them tools to grow and improve with the company. Listen to them and make people a priority because that's were the results come from.
Pros: It's a company with a great work enviroment, very young, fast paced and creative. All ideas are welcome and you feel truly appreciated and truly listened even when your ideas are not implemented they always listen to you. The Ethics departement is constantly checking everyone is treated farly and respectfully and they are very accesible. The products are great wich adds a lot of fun to the work, sometimes they give frees samples to the employees so you can try them. It a very fast paced company so you are challenged to constantly developing new skills and improving the way you do things.

Cons: - Bullying, cliques of people
- No work-life balance and extreme workload
- No humanity, you are a number and always replaceable 
- They only care about numbers, not about the employees
- Not ethical, even though they claim to be
- HR does not care about you, they listen to the higher ups. 
- You will work weekends all the time and it is never enough. 
- If you divide your salary with the amount of hours, you make less than minimum salary
- Prepare yourself for international VP visits during which you will not sleep for over a month
- Only for extraverts, A type personalities. 
- They want everyone to be the same, they do not focus on strengths.
Advice: The culture of this company needs to change. Treat your employees like humans, not slaves. Care about your people. I was bullied by my own boss for 2 years and HR did nothing so I left. Ended up in a burnout. Trust me, it's NOT worth it.
Pros: - Good on your CV
- Learn to be a slave, so all your future jobs with seem easy 
- Bonus and benefits are good

Cons: Unsustainable work environment that won't survive the shifts in expectations coming from millennials. 

After almost 10 years at the company I feel like I have seen it all at L'Oréal. Even though I left the company grateful I also left it exhausted. I have experienced being harassed, bullied and awarded all in one day and that is not a unique situation, its expected.
Advice: Hire, promote and train leaders that can do more than manage their operational tasks at hand. Promote the ones who actually lead, develop talent sustainably and empower. You can only rely on the excuse of "the French work style" for so long. What is the real reason your turnover amongst newly hired is so high? 

Develop next generation leaders instead of just marketeers and you will be invincible.
Pros: The most fun I have ever had at a job. Expect to spend your day laughing in the best possible company. Great challenges to overcome and every day is different. 10 years, 3 countries and 5 positions later - this company taught me everything I know about sales, marketing and digital. Best thing? If you have an amazing idea you will always be allowed to develop it.

Cons: You cannot go half way. You have to be strongly involved and work enough to succeed. 
Do not wait for People to tell you what to do. You would be disappoint. Be daring and make proposals. Take risks. 
Be ready to get feedbacks positive & negative & learn from them. 
There is a constant quest for Excellence that means you have to be ready to always learn & train, to do projects, undo them, to redo them better.
Advice: Great New Behaviors Project started in 2016 for even more Team Collaboration, Trust & Empowerment. Keep going !
Pros: The Pleasure to work with Talented & Passionate Colleagues in Diverse Teams .
The Chance to Always Grow thanks to strong investments in trainings like the 5stars Digital Upskilling. 
The Opportunity to have an Impact, to be an intra-preneur and lead change from day one whatever your position or age. 
The Possibility to have a well balanced and fulfilling Family Life and to contribute to a better world through meaningful Projects ( Sustainability & Social ).

Cons: - Work-life balance is a serious issue (great for those who strive for career and put their ambition above everything);
- Company needs to train more their leadership (inexperience): sometimes the intern experience is decided on who your leader is.
- Sometimes the experience can be too intense (importance of tasks vs. workload)
Advice: The Management/Leadership needs to be trained to do a better job at managing their interns/team.
Pros: - Very challenging experience, I wouldn't find an internship with such a great amount of responsabilities and projects anywhere else (in Portugal);
- Engaged employees who "breathe" L'Oreal;
- A company where relationships matter: in a few months I knew the company from one end to the other (around 200 employees in the office);
- The business and sector is very dynamic: Human Resources is highly strategic, instead of administrative.

Cons: Top management level not trustworthy.
Strong culture - if you are not 'loreal-like', you can forget that they will try to embrace you, wherever your experience brings from prior to joining them.
Whether you are a talent or not, is not dependant on your capabilities but rather whether the management likes you.
Office has very high levels of attrition and workload is simply thrown to however is around.
Has 'high hire and fire' situation in singapore office, no work-life balance.
Staff morale is very low.
Advice: In the pursuit of short-term goals, you have lost many talents that has brought loreal to what it is today. 
Hope you can investigate and review what is really happening on the ground and turn the company around, before it becomes a place where beauty professionals shun away from joining.
Good Luck!
Pros: Singapore office has good staff benefits compared to other similar firms in the like industry. 
Internal mobility is fluid internationally - career opportunities are abundant.
Co-workers are nice and friendly, up to middle management levels.
Office is centrally located, near to subway. Amentities are nearby.

Cons: Improvement in integration in role
Credit should be given where credit is due ;)
Advice: Reward the managers who develop their teams and develop individuals (yes its about the numbers but its about people too)
Pros: L`Oreal is a place where you can learn a tremendous amount
You eat what you cook =  you work hard, you will get rewarded
The people are incredible, kind and intelligent and make coming into work a pleasure
The diversity of backgrounds create a inclusive atmosphere
The professional division is a great place to learn, strive and cooperate (my favorite division)

Cons: Super Long working hours and operational messes that you are continuously clearing. It can get very tiring
Advice: The focus is always on the marketing side. Need to focus on other functions and empower them to build a more balanced work place
Pros: It's an open culture with a flat hierarchy. The company is very agile you are allowed to trial New things and even if it fails the Managment supports you and gives you a feedback. There are no fixed processes hence you can bring about any kind of change. If you are an asset and a performer you are exposed to the TOP leadership. Also they tend to load everything to the person who does most the work that to me was an opportunity to learn so much

Cons: There can be a bit of an old school management style in certain pockets, but they're putting huge amounts of effort into changing this
Advice: In the context of change and improvement, don't lose the essence of what makes us L'Oréal!
Pros: If you want space to move, autonomy, freedom and big learning opportunities then L'Oréal is the place for you. You genuinely get out what you put in. It's fast-paced and high-energy and you're surrounded by highly intelligent and inspiring people to help you make it happen. Every year at L'Oréal feels like five years of learning that you'd get elsewhere. The learning & development is world class too, with an array of apps, MOOCs and more to keep you at the cutting edge.

Cons: the benefits take many time to be with you since their hire you. 
The day I stared working with them was august 3th and today still waiting for the gas for my car and the vales for supermarket. Also for the parking lot, my refunds and some other things that I have to use to complete my work in the way they told me that will occur it is not happening.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of information, friendly website with useful tools and programs. 
They try to help you personal and professional career with courses and programs but they don't teach you how to use them or how to access to them and it is not always easy.
It's a multicultural company so you can see diferent people and work with diferent cultures.

Cons: Concentrated in Hair and Makeup categories. High competition among its own brands with lower margins
Advice: Improve by differentiating and separating innovation paths between brands (L'Oreal / Garnier / Maybelline). Minimize internal competition and avoid hurting financial margins. Define real blockbusters... Bigger, Fewer, Faster, Better (all new product seems to have same priority). Execution at the POS has lot of room for improvement. Increase beauty authority and presence at other personal care categories... e.g. Skin Care (Face & Body Lotions), Deodorants, Shower products, Femenine protection. Employees rotation between countries and brands is too high and fast... These creates no expertise.
Pros: Brand, Beauty authority, Innovation, Advertising

Cons: Change of management thus many changes and affected the morale of employees
Lack of strong middle management leadership
Expected employees to take on a lot of responsibilities which can be a stretch
Advice: Appreciate employees more especially those back-end or contract employees, not just those profit generating divisions
Pros: I have been working in L'Oreal Singapore for 5 years.
Working environment is fun and people are great to work with!
Definitely not a gossipy environment as some claimed.
Career Development is there if you ask for it
Will listen to employees' opinions and improved welfare to enhance work-life balance

Cons: Since there are some many interlocutors and speakers, it sometimes becomes hard to be quick and flexible to launch campaigns to the market. Also, it's a highly competitive environment with lots of business-related pressure, and it becomes quite hard to keep a work/life balance.
Advice: Need to simplify work processes: less meetings, more concese feedback, more analysis of results
Pros: Your managers trust you from the very first moment you start working at the company. You are entitled and responsible for your position and can easily get visibility to top management levels. It's easy to learn from cross-functional teams and, if you perform correctly, you are given the chance to grow in the company.

Cons: - Organic culture. Lack of process makes for a lot of rework and mixed responsabilities.
- HR with weak presence and power. Carreer is too dependant on bosses.
- Work involves strategic thinking and a lot of operational. Lack of processes makes operational load too heavy.
- Empowerement is so strong it is always your fault when something goes wrong.
Advice: - Create clearer business objectives to drive performance and ownership.
- HR should evolve to a less "corporate" style into a people development department.
- Flexibility is good, complete lack of process/system is not.
Pros: - Strong innovation spirit
- Creative culture full of rich exchanges
- Build your own carreer: result driven corporation. People that make the difference will be able to grow. From interns to directors.
- Drive for excellence.

Cons: - lack of processes / very disorganized
- "too many cooks": big ordeal to get anything approved and slow time to market because of constant inputs from various heads with different opinions
- poor communication (employess are often the last to know about big changes happening and are left wondering, since there's no clear strategy/input that's passed on to them)
Advice: - less expats, more locals: most of the time we are left with top management that knows they'll only stay for 3-4 years, so they have no interest in building a solid foundation. They build short-term plans, for short-term results...and not always the best decisions for long-term growth
Pros: - ownership of projects
- ease of implementation of new ideas/processes
- diverse & creative environment
- great people

Cons: Poor HR mamagement, GM sucks, Management team in one of a Luxe brand is gullible, take side, no ethic, no matter you are a potential person but if they don't like you, you will never be appreciated. Gossiping, making rumors, don't act luxury as the brand represents.
Advice: Treat employees fairly. Be a leadership not a boss. Be professional. Protect employees. Learn more ethic.  Somebody in retail management level is unqualified and doesn't know how to manage a team, act like uneducated one.
Pros: Benefit, bonus fixed, profit sharing, public holidays,  fund, location, compensation & benefit could be better but that is alright.

Cons: Manager expects my time and comittment after office hours. Demands the use of Whatsapp on top of emails. Not sensitive and very disruptive to my family and personal life.
Advice: I'm leaving soon, for only one reason - my direct manager.
Pros: Prestigious brand, many free products. Good atmosphere, wonderful colleagues. Company hires good people.

Cons: The grad scheme can seem a little aimless when compared to the internship. This is due to the grad scheme being project based and the internship being operational. So the quality of the scheme depends on the quality of the project given. As is life.
Advice: Perhaps allow graduates to be operational for a while before taking on projects as it can be difficult to take on a project when you do not yet understand the operation.
Pros: There is a great work life balance. The employee demographic is young and energetic. The office is in a great location. The pay is good. Everyone is very friendly.

Cons: - Very little room to progress
- High employee turnover
- Unforgiving French culture
- People were scared to be seen leaving before 6pm
- Interns regularly in tears
- Horrific work/life balance unless you work in demand planning/supply chain
- Bottleneck hierarchy
- Extremely disorganised
- If you don't speak French, don't bother!
Advice: Treat people how you would like to be treated.  There were only a handful of people who I admired for their management style, as the rest either embodied micro-management to the extreme, or none whatsoever
Pros: - Free products
- Huge amount of responsibility
- Most of the workforce are really young
- Canteen was generally good
- Post room staff are the best, so be nice to them!

Cons: The team sizes are small which leads to a bit of more workload per person but at the same time, it gives you opportunities to learn a lot of different things.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is really employee friendly. Working here has helped bring out my creative side in make-up. Management takes care of you in all possible ways. The project I am pursuing in the internship is a real time problem faced by L'Oréal. My inputs are evaluated and sometimes they are implemented. This shows how much importance they give to summer internship program. By working on this, I can implement various concepts which I studied in MBA in real time.

Cons: Very disorganized and immature people. The entire culture of the company is based on backstabbing others, and all the departments being pitted against each other. 

Expect to work long hours to get the job done because budgets keep getting cut and departments are understaffed, and also because management is constantly changing their mind about everything.
Advice: Get organized! You should be supporting your employees rather than throwing them under the bus to make yourselves look good.
Pros: Nice offices, summer hours, decent pay, great benefits, and discount on products. The cafeteria has decent food too, and there is a daycare on site.

Cons: Pay is not competitive
Depends on luck - sometimes u get bosses that doesnt explain why we do things but just want things to be done.
Advice: Allow more feedback and speak to all tiers of staff not just middle management. 
Change the way of working. 
There are too many level of hierarchies and different interpretations via the managers and the ones executing doesn't relate if they don't meet the right managers
Pros: Face pace 
Given the Flexibility
Able to feedback and voice out
Opportunities not just given to seniors
A lot of fun
A lot of personal development and learning

Cons: Perks did not outweigh the cons: lack of ability to progress into different areas, no encouragement or support from senior members of staff. They seem to only retain employees who are either cut-throat or want to stay in the same position. No reward or attention to those who are improving product sales, work hard and/or show great passion for the brand/company. Office politics makes for a tricky working environment.
Advice: I'm afraid there isn't much point....
Pros: Gained a lot of insider beauty industry experience.

Cons: Not a place for staying in comfort zone or people without entrepreneur spirit
Needs more structure and be more focused on "fewer &better"
There are lots of work-life balance for many people, yet some  lacks it
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of space to take initiatives, gives you freedom to implement your own ideas, Great place if you have potential to grow and you'll have opportunities to stretch yourself - regardless of your age
Dynamic, fast, smart in sensing and acting with entrepreneurship
Focuses so much on sense of purpose and the business itself is about "beauty"
Nice people

Cons: To corporate / hierarchical and to structured. Entrepreneurship is not stimulated enough. Most people are really young within L'Oreal. Company needs more diversity: more older people / more man / more people from a different education background.
Advice: Need more diversity in teams. L'Oreal recruits way to many interns to many  or people from student associations. Recommendation is to look more outside the company.
Pros: L'Oreal invest a lot in people. Especially in education. Also the option to develop yourself in the company or to switch a job internally is definitely an advantage.
Working hours are perfect within L'Oreal.

Cons: A lot of old school marketing people. New ideas in marketing are rare and success of the company is insecure, as not whole management is developing. Too much depending on France and brand thinking.
Advice: Accept change and not live it as phrases. Understand what brand building will be in the future and push for new ideas.
Pros: Entreuprenial thinking, responsibility and Great Marketing. You have the chance to decide and execute own ideas pretty quickly, even if you are new. If you can convince management and they buy in. Great brands and good growth!

Cons: Forever feel as if we are preparing for an international visitor! Australia is not a valued market.
Advice: None
Pros: A business that is forever evolving, no 2 days are the same so if you are resilient, passionate and ready to work hard then L'Oreal is a great place. Success is part of the culture, but more so in recent years the how we win is just as important. L'Oreal places allot of value on it's people and you as an employee feel as if you can make a difference.

Cons: When you go to training they say its a ethical company but when you work in the sales. They want numbers anyhow. If you are working according to systems you wont be promoted but if know bootlicking and can do sales by even wrong means.you will b promoted.
Advice: U r carrying a huge brand name atleast take care of that. Sales doesnt mean you can do it unethically. U r loosing talent and market share because of this only.
Pros: Only pro is that you will have good salary and remineration.

Cons: You need to work hard in order to proceed and move further in the organization and understand that a job at L'Oréal might not be always a 9-5 job. But the efforts you invest are worth it in the end!
Advice: None
Pros: I would recommend L'Oréal to any of my friends who are not afraid of challenges and want to work with incredible passionate people! L'Oréal is a great school to learn from the best in the industry while developing yourself further each and every day. There is an individual training plan created for you each year!

Cons: The only one I find is typical for this kind of structures full of "ancient" employees. As the company is huge, the culture very deep, it is a long way to feel well integrated, a lot of infos, behaviors to handle.
Advice: None
Pros: L'OREAL has developped a strong culture, brand and performance. You feel it as soon as you get in. Furthermore, all the company is international oriented. A lot of projects and challenges ; you have the ressources needed to success.

Cons: - Human Resources (not human at all)
- no recognition for the work that is done
- very aggressive culture.. people will do whatever they have to do to get ahead
Advice: Recognize your employees who work and challenge the status quo.. not just the ones who attend the cocktail hour and know who to befriend. This is not a popularity contest. This is a business.
Pros: - benefits
- discount 
- beautiful office and location
- looks good on a CV
- a lot of opportunity to grow

Cons: They do not care about your development, never send you for seminar to develop your skill because they are too frightened by loosing you.
Advice: If they would invest in their employees the employees will be thankful and stay in. because they will see the management care so why should they leave?
Pros: Quick environment is perfect for start of your career. You can learn a lot of, you can do a mess up something and no one will punish you because it is international stable company.

Cons: Some old people still reluctant to change. Management style is a bit chaotic, lacking simples processes and project management behavior
Advice: Keep focusing on making L'Oreal a simple organization. Make it more diverse and less French centric, investing more attention in talents from elsewhere that not Paris
Pros: Great infrastructure, lots of brilliant brands and very focused mindset in beauty. It is a company that understands it has to change to adjust to the new times and is doing what is needed for that.

Cons: Sometimes I wish I can 'pause' .. this is truly a fast moving company :).. needs to be on the toe all times
Advice: Right move to invest on people, must continue to invest on infra, system and of course more great rewards... this will bring us to greater heights
Pros: #1 Beauty Company - who can beat that??!!!... Enjoy the dynamic nature, love, love, love the brands and great passionate people

Cons: - Hours can be long but that would be expected when you work in that kind of multinational firm
- Quite a lot of internal competition as well which could be a stressing environment for some people
Advice: Run more programs to gauge the level of fulfilment of individuals. Do not hesitate to challenge the status-quo. But everything was great overall.
Pros: - Strong team spirit, working with bright people
- People are passionate about their job
- Large-scale projects with world-leader cosmetic brands

Cons: Over-rated as a global multi, I've worked for other multi-nationals and L'Oteal attracts and retains a poor talent pool because of the way they treat employees. If you have low self esteem or are a desperate grad, join them. The previous comments of bullying within from management is completely true. The comments re: a "high performance" culture reflects the fact senior people justify their incompetence by pushing those who work in field, on counter, as customer facing or in subservient positions.
Advice: Overpaid ex-pats are a waste/mistake as are overpaid politicians. Australia has a place in the global market so stop treating it with disrespect.
Pros: I will be honest, not kind. Nothing.

Cons: Management can barely say good morning to you if you aren't at their level, HR doesn't care about your development, lack of training, in many positions there is very little work-life balance
Advice: Say hello to everyone including the janitor. Realize all the people going on burnout is because you are giving them way too much. Look like you CARE about your people.
Pros: Great benefits, early Fridays, work from home twice a month, mat leave top-up, discounts on products, working in the downtown core

Cons: Lack of career opportunities (small subsidiary), work-life balance doesn't happen for some people, depending on position. Compensation is average, could be better. The annual raise for young people is low (2-3%) and the work can be overwhelming at times, so many young talents leave after 1-2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Young, intelligent, passionate people who motivate you every day to bring your best. We all love our products and there are a lot of opportunities to get creative.

Cons: Dependent on role, you can work very long hours and  it's expected   This can play with work life balance. Your choice.
Advice: Treat your people how you want to be treated and protect them
Pros: The people you work with have a common goal and the overall support package is fantastic. And the products are fantastic.  Staff shop!!

Cons: 1. Some people are difficult to work with, including both statutory and non-statutory employees, and managers
2. High stress levels due to huge workloads
3. Lacks training and resource materials for employees
4. Lacks process and system documentation
5. High turnover or attrition rate
6. No retirement plan
7. Work culture not fit for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Competitive compensation and benefits
2. Care for its employee welfare (e.g. free lunch everyday, teambuildings in elegant venues, early work dismissal once a month)
3. Travel opporunities

Cons: No autonomy over my own P&L - every single decision has to be signed off by senior management
VERY internally focused at the expense of time for the customer
Overfocused on short term turnover at the expense of long term planning/decisions
Hard to progress above a certain level
Progression slower than it used to be & slower than a recruiter will promise!
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic
Fast-Paced
Excellent Products that I'm proud to sell
Competitive Pay
Market-leading flexible working policy
Good Social Scene

Cons: Bad reputation among recruiters - they refer to L'Oréal candidates as lacking the strategic vision. Immature culture , management is driven by fear, no empowered employees, long working hours (even weekends), decisions are pushed from management and not from brands.
Advice: HR is very weak, they don't know how to solve this issue and directors are living in a parallel world.
Pros: You learn how to manage your own company since you end up doing the job of everyone from marketing, trade, supply chain, forecasting, finance. You get a strong company name for your next job.

Cons: - Efficiency of platforms used at work to be improved soon 
- Long days
Advice: Encourage cross-divisional mentorship within the company. A lot of incredibly talented, skilled and intelligent people in this company that have a lot to offer.
Pros: - Entrepreneurial spirit is strong
- An innovation hub for digital and consumer experience
- Trusted with responsibilities early own + ownership of projects
- Amazing team and dynamic colleagues 
- Marketing at its core

Cons: No career plan, little career development, innapropiate/unprofessional comments from management, no guidance and overall attitude of "that's the way L'Oréal has always done things, you can't change it"
Advice: Look out for ALL employees, HR has a terrible reputation in my country. Invest in talent with courses and take a look at your leadership positions. I have never been in such an unprofessional environment.
Pros: Huge company, good salary and personal benefits

Cons: No worklife balance and you won't have time and mood to enjoy any of the company event. 

Workload is massive and people don't care and recognise your effort being put inside your work. Very depressing!
Advice: Worklife balance is a big topic for this company to improve!!
Pros: As an employee, you will receive a lot of freegoods and products. Company will organise a lot of interesting events for their employees.

Cons: Heavy work load, junior management ( very fast promotion, and not well deserved most of the time), chaotic (maybe you heard it already, but this is really insane)
Advice: Be more human oriented (not just act like being)
Pros: Beauty World, Fancy, Fun, Tons of different brands (means different experiences), Global (means creating opportunities to experience other cultures)

Cons: The workload is a lot and it is tough to have a good work life balance, mainly when you are in operational functions
Advice: .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
Pros: - People
- Innovation
- Entrepreneurship
- The Compensation & Benefits plan is awesome
- A nice company to learn and to grow

Cons: Not all leaders understand the new culture and ways of working and not even willing to embrace change. Confrontation is not used properly
Advice: Change and evolve...
Pros: You get to create your job description. You will be challenged but if well prepared you will succeed. CEO can be arrogant and tough at times. 
A new culture is being adopted "Simplicity", a great opportunity for change.

Cons: sometimes a bit chaotic, still a lot of changes in the last minute, needs to improve best practice sharing, very concentrated on top subsidiaries, difficult for smaller countries
Advice: try to become even more international
Pros: very successful and sustainable, entrepreneurial spirit, never boaring, wide portfolio of brands, good  CSR programs, leaves room for individual development

Cons: - Horrifying management: one's leadership is hardly taken into account during promotion, thus creating many junior employees with 0 leadership and manipulative personalities ending up in the management. Language abusive & workplace bullying are sadly too common.
- Politics: sometimes promotion depends solely on what relation you have with the big guy.
- Gossip: everyone speaks ill of everyone behind everyone's back. Way to encourage trust and teamwork!
- Inexistent work-life balance: 60 to 80 working hours per week.
Advice: Provide psychological counselling to the constant cases of mental breakdown.
Pros: - Career opportunities
- Interesting projects
- Decent salary for marketing position
- Big name to put on cv

Cons: The group is very result oriented and sometimes the human spirit is left aside. Needs to align to the millennials needs to keep up as good employer.
Advice: Network is important but so is management skills and performing.
Pros: Strong flexibility and entrepreneurial spirit with well built career path. Digital step up in day to day work to keep up with trends.

Cons: Salary base is a little low for the cost of living in Paris. Long working hours as a everyday rule is a very bad thing, this shouldn't be allowed as a routine.
Advice: Control working hours or pay for extra hours required.
Pros: Good Location, building facilities, infrastructure, friendly environment, people oriented management, benefits, discount in products, international opportunities, and great chances to find your own career path.

Cons: Induction better suited to office employees rather than field staff
No salary review
Can sometimes be quite lonely working so independently
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing! Just don't forget about us staff out in the field
Pros: Encourage you to do your job how you see best
Realistic targets
Appreciation when you've worked hard
Great team atmosphere
Staff shop
Continual development training

Cons: decision making is very very centralized. except for the senior leaders the rest of the levels only recommends. no work life balance
Advice: Empower your reports to take more decisions ; more initiatives to improve work life balance
Pros: operates within beauty industry; fast paced and high calibre employees. centrally located and alot of free products (for those who care about freebies).

Cons: stigma related to being an intern within the company
my team wasn't the most welcoming
such a large company = harder to get noticed for your hard work
no one has any time to help when you are new
Advice: None
Pros: large intern community
lots of HR support
get given a lot of responsibility
lots of freebies & great staff discount
living in london is great

Cons: You need to have tons of energy, you must be strong, you must to keep stress, you must believe in you team and what you are doing
Advice: Don't stress your team and believe in their capacity
Pros: Every time you learn, every time you do something new, every time you're on stress, every time you're always in a harry.

Cons: Long working hours, heavy work load, many systems to deal with. Rapid change in marketing or sales planning lead to back and forth update on your work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good staff benefit including free products, staff discount, body check, and good office environment located in city center above shopping mall.

Cons: no system and clear path for processes, chaotic, very fluid to be flexible everytime for everything, dominant french culture, hard to adapt
Advice: create main systems and create a sincere comminication with employees
Pros: people oriented rather than system, easy to see personal added value, full of opportunities, global, leader in beauty, marketing oriented, brand marketing experience, global strategy

Cons: Working for L'Oreal was by far my worst work experience ever. Everyone from marketing to finance is unorganized and makes your work life miserable. Deadlines never met, they over promise and under deliver and communication is non existent. My boss refused to give me and the other employees who quit an exit interview because she knew we would out her to HR
Advice: Promote from within. Stop promising people things that will never happen. Pay people a decent living wage. Respond to your emails.
Pros: Free company card and corporate credit card for work expenses

Cons: at times you may be treated not well, serious pressure leads to confrontation. long hours and high expectations. good for a few years but hard to sustain.
Advice: None
Pros: working with some of the best minds in the industry. V strong training ground, opportunity for quick progression if you fit the culture. incredibly dynamic and strong energy every day.

Cons: Bad management. It's strictly an exchange of your time for a salary. Not a human company. Everything is superficial, more worried by how things look than by how they are really going.
Advice: Stop thinking that people are costs. Start invest in them. They will give you a lot more for your money.
Pros: Great flexibility. Never boring. Salary ok.

Cons: Extremely toxic, gossip-centric, blame-game culture. Company is set up to have minimal systems in order for people and units to "move faster", but this just enables a lot of problems to fall through the cracks, ergo human error, ergo finger pointing
Advice: None
Pros: People are highly creative, brands are interesting, market is dynamic, and spirit of entrepreneurship is fun

Cons: The culture is too emotional and disrespectful. Not a great place for female top managers as the management committee are heavily dominated by men. The communication style in HQ is very rude
Advice: None
Pros: Best for Beauty. If you love this industry no one will teach you better how to succeed in it than L'oreal

Cons: Dissorganization and lack of processes leads to overwork and overtime. Most knowledge is company specific so L'Oreal professionals do not do well in other companies. Internal politics take up a lot of the time better spent on business.
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader, best in class for marketing and research,  with plenty of internacional opportunities for a career professional. Prestigious brands and well qualified colleagues.

Cons: Management need to listen more to middle management. 
Too much micro management 
Not enough trust from global to local
Too much pressure 
Nor enough focus on healthy work conditions
Advice: Trust more
Pros: Very entrepreneurial culture
Passionate about beauty and beautiful 
Open talk policy
Compensation is ok for talents 
Very high quality products
Smart people 
Ethical

Cons: Not the place for people who want to be a follower, cruise or go under the radar
AUSTRALIA is taken for granted and misunderstood by European colleagues / leaders
Advice: Move ANZ out of APAC zone
Pros: Innovative, challenging, energetic, creative, dynamic, ambitious
Training, staff benefits, culture, people
Current leadership is stretching us and making the unexpected possible

Cons: To much work...? Teams to small for so much work to do. Organization to be more efficient is not in our mind.
Advice: Put more focus on important things
Pros: Loreal gives you the opportunity to be as much entrepeneur as you imagine you could be in a multinacional as this one. And the huge opportunities to grow.

Cons: KPi driven.  People work on own objective,  and this is known by management by implement some collaborative program,  but still conception stage
Advice: None
Pros: High value on sustainability. Walk the talk company related to Environmental, and value the safety of their people,  especially on the safety of their employee

Cons: Long hours - extra busy open space which sometimes can be an issue given that concentration is required . Working from home is welcome
Advice: None
Pros: People- benefits - creativeness - flexibility - each day is different from another - it is a modern environment which moves fast and challenges the brain

Cons: the internal job opportunities are not visible
a lot of people involve for a smiple decision
Advice: Create an internal system where people can see jobs open and apply
Pros: if you have an idea you can share it and people are open to listen
Employees are smart and passionate about products
The company is trying to increase diversity
 Company's Values

Cons: Individualistic, seems like everyone is just interested in their next step of their careers.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic and competitive environment. Very quickly a lot of responsabilities are given to you. No matter where you are in the organization, it really helps to have a genuine passion for the beauty industry

Cons: Pressure to obtain results and good ROI which is normal but you have to support stress
Full package very interesting but the only fixed salary can be lower than in other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Invest a lot on research and innovation
Great portfolio: several divisions and brands
Career opportunities 
Motivating Yearly package
Worldwide presence

Cons: By virtue of being in an industry which changes at very fast pace, sometimes adapting to the ever-changing environment might be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurial culture which gives full freedom to run and execute your ideas. 
The desire to be excellent in every sphere is entrenched in the company ethos.

Cons: On the theoretical side of tasks. No influence on operations.

Hard to integrate it internally with sales and marketing teams.
Advice: Rotate sales/marketing people onto this job.
Pros: Get to have an overview on the overall market, company strategies, tools and action plans.
Improve analytical skills and oblige oneself to be fully updated on Market/Categories trends.

Cons: The company is quite behind in technology although a lot of initiatives are in the pipeline for enhancements. 
Sometimes, people are skeptical in changes which may prolong some activities.
Advice: None
Pros: Open for change especially for management. You get to do work across multi functions, not in silo. Their team building activities are super good.

Cons: Very political company (networking required everyday and you never know the whole story)

No life work balance

Environment with a lot os pressure from managers
Advice: Make managers learn how to manage the new generation
Pros: The company extra benefits (hairsalons and nails, products, partys)

The name of the company in the curriculum

The experience and know how you get

Cons: Old and false rumors circulating around impacts the company reputation.
Advice: Keep up the good effort of bringing the team/employees together.
Pros: Interesting career opportunities within the company. Good synergy within the team with lots of support from management. A good place to grow and learn.

Cons: Complete disregard for the front line workers. Zero incentive to really reach or exceed targets. There commission and incentives are regarded in the industry as the worst  and non- existent and I know first hand and it's  so so disappointing and disheartening.
Advice: Wake up to yourselves and reward the hard working  high performers who put in the effort and don't just want to take a weekly or hourly pay.
Pros: Some strong brands in the stable

Cons: Lower remuneration, low work life balance. Lots of travel, overtime and additional responsibility expected. Competitive atmosphere between divisions. Low to no induction process
Advice: None
Pros: Strong cohesive management, progression based on merit, consistently challenging. Good gratis allocation, generous leave and benefits. On the job training and development

Cons: Work life balance; many decisions taken from the HQ
Sometimes managers appointed lack management accumen
Training opportunities to be more developped
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits; ability to get early responsibilities.
Great career opportunities
Management available and ready to help
International and fast track careers
Entrepreneurship, innovation and marketing driven
Great digital catch up in the recent years

Powerful brands and balanced portefolio

Cons: Sometimes politics within hierarchy gets in the way of what otherwise could be a smoother process of carrying out your work
Advice: None
Pros: High responsibility, you're thrown in the pool from the very beginning, but you learn a lot every day

Cons: You have to be used to work in large organisations. Also, the culture is very french-style as well as its management style.
Advice: Improve RH follow-up especially in decentralized organisations such as L'Oreal's.
Pros: Worldwide opportunities, International scope, famous name, young and highly motivated teams. L'oreal is very clearly a great place to work.

Cons: Not focused on efficiency.. A lot of committees and levels of approval, decision making process is very time consuming. Not a established international relocation program
Advice: None
Pros: Very progressive company, open and flexible environment in terms of HR. They are trying hard to get the company ready for the next generation of workforce.

Cons: Sometimes you might have to work longer hours (but you will be compensated)
Travel was something that is non negotiable ( I enjoyed it though)
Advice: None
Pros: Good management team
HR policies are amazing
I got to work with amazing people, they appreciate your work and give you credit for it.

Cons: Too much focus on networking
Advice: focus on building more collaborative and performance driven culture
Pros: A wide canvas of opportunities to explore and a dynamic people driven culture keeps me motivated. A place where you an be what you want to be and experiment.

Cons: Some local IT Managers narrow minded.
Headquarters a Little bit away from the center of the city and not very well comunicated. Only bus from "Avenida de América" is available. Underground 20 minutes walking away.
Advice: None
Pros: Great general ambiance in a global cosmetic leader.
Some company extra benefits.
People engaged. High average of end-users quality.

Cons: Lack of career development for well prepared sales rep. Unlike other companies where top performers are well paid and raised to higher positions in a reasonable way
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and sales method, strong company culture and innovation keeps loreal ahead its competitors. Every day is challenging since market is constantly changing...

Cons: Look into people management
Stressful and demanding environment
Not much cons as most of the pros gave a balance to it.
Advice: People management
Pros: Great benefits, great brands, great products, great office, great location, great food surrounding office area, anything relates to company is great! (Excluding m.......)

Cons: It can be chaotic. Some departments or teams can be less process driven than expected. Lots of improvement and opportunity to improve positions
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the pros include the People, opportunities, openness, responsibility, strong financial performance. It's great to work in such an international organisation

Cons: Intense workload.
Some times management forget the word, customization, when it comes to employees.
Advice: Don't forget customization is as much important to employees as it is to consummers.
Pros: You have the space to make the diference, but you have to be courageous!
It's a company that look after profit, people and planet.

Cons: Long working hours, difficult job / private life balance, low level of wages.
Advice: Improve the work life balance of the employees to encourage long term employment.
Pros: Steep learning curve, strong enterprise culture, continuous learning, high level of expectancies, promote excellence, development of a wide skills range.

Cons: Not very easy to settle down as a new comer due to cultural uniqueness which is rooted in makeup
Advice: Make it more friendly and welcoming for new comers.
Empower people to take decisions and work across boundaries.
Pros: Best place to understand beauty and cutting edge products

Cons: Perhaps more integration would be desirable.
Advice: None
Pros: An exciting, fast-paced, forward-thinking and innovation-centric company to work with that makes some of the most life-altering technologically-driven products. It is a pleasure to have known and worked within its culture of innovation.

Cons: the hours are very long
Advice: please practice and preach simplicity
Pros: Freedom to create and innovate
Not having the fear to speak your mind and challenge ideas and ways of doing things
great teams, helpful colleagues, plenty of opportunities to network with people

Cons: Getting young. Need to also recognition for long term service as specialist. Confrontation culture. Job security.
Advice: Great experience at number one beauty company.
Pros: From luxury to mass, can learn a lot. Can have autonomy. High reputation. Getting great work place. Try to improve work and life balance.

Cons: long hours, no pay for extra hours, little balance between private life and job, do not recommend if you need to support someone
Advice: hire as permanent position
Pros: very nice experience, lots of fun, teach kids about the the EU, talk with parents or guardians, all day long

Cons: many changes because of the every changing fashion trends 
cannot survive if you are only a normal hardworking person
Advice: None
Pros: the organization is very open and flexible. get get fast promotion if value by the company. respect young people

Cons: 6 months in the system, don't like the culture
completely french driven organization no say of the country team, no team work no planning & high politics
Advice: Given more ownership to its managers & impart team management
Pros: FMCG tag for your career

Cons: It was a little difficult to setup a few stuff we'd gotten ... Could be friendlier to stuff like this :)
Advice: None
Pros: It was a great experience. The competition was pleasantly challenging, and that's what led us to learn a lot!

Cons: Complex systems, sometimes the employee may feel lost and out of place.
Advice: Listen carefully, there is a deep rooted problem in every complaint
Pros: Its a global organization with globalisation at its core. Highly flexible venture and you get to build your own opportunities.

Cons: 12 hours a day work. Lots of work
Advice: Keep more trainees in the company to motivate them
Pros: Amazing day to day;
No routine, working from first day on creative tasks like TV and mass media campaigns to analytical reports to higher managers

Cons: People work mostly individual, long working time, the hierarchy is too big so there is not such a friendly background as I was used to from other international companies
Advice: None
Pros: I learned a lot in a short time, many options to move on in your career

Cons: Very stressful
People will not always help you
Advice: Get involve in the micro things to help the process get more efficient
Pros: Very diverse
Hands on job
You are accountable for your brand (you make the decisions)

Cons: - office policy can be time & energy consuming
Advice: None
Pros: - flexible environment where assigns big responsibility to young managers 
- big budget to realize marketing ideas (depending on brands ) 
- complete training system
- interesting carrier path that allows to change functions and locations

Cons: 1. competition with other brands in airport retail 
2. sometimes custoners are difficult to communicate with as they are from different countries
Advice: I am fine with it
Pros: team spirits, good pay, the working environment is nice so as the coworkers from different countries.

Cons: super political, lack of proximity, not a feedback culture, lack of courage on decision making.
Advice: 360° evaluation, internal mobility programs, more meritocracy is needed to retain and engage employees.
Pros: smart people, enthusiastic, people want to really promote changes.

Cons: HR could consider prospective applicants thoroughly before sending out rejection emails
Advice: Try giving former L'Oréal agency workers a  chance for an interview when applying directly to L'Oréal.
Pros: Great beauty perks, good training and investment in employees. Strong work ethics and rules.

Cons: Lack of balance related to  job hierarchy and recompensation.
Advice: Work more with true results and less with selling  numbers.
Pros: Entrepreneur company where you can literally start projects by your own and get sponsors in a week.

Cons: communication  can be difficult. Too many interns .
Advice: make sure you make a positive impact and you are looked after
Pros: Great head office perks, lots of support and discount on all loreal brands.

Cons: Bad new employee onboarding
Too much hierachichal culture. Strong culture which alienate some potential employees who are new from different cultures.
Very competitive and very bad work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Massive opportunity to grow within the compnay and relocation.
Great learning resource and knowlesge sharing

Cons: people have no feelings at all. you feel like working with robots.
Advice: None
Pros: you don't feel the hierarchy at all. the balance between business and personal life is ideal. yet, it can get really busy from time to time.

Cons: limited opportunity to move advance, a lot of priorities make you loss the priority.
barely work/life balance, but I think this is a bit common anywhere,
Advice: be more transparent
Pros: dynamic team, a lot to learn if you pay attention.

Cons: Many systems, heavy workload, some teams aren't cooperative
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, benefits are great and you get free luxury make up products for free. Wonderful people and company really hires the best people out there

Cons: Management style is not equal between everyone, some are good and some just bad people. They try really hard to be a "loved company", but their fighting their own demons
Advice: None
Pros: The brands and their positioning are amazing. Good benefits

Cons: Sometimes is difficult find the balance between personal life and duties.
Advice: None
Pros: Good job environment, special they always think in different activities for the employee. This company is a very good professional experience and all time the knowledge is growing up.

Cons: Bureocracy and politics, selling your job is more important than getting it done
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, big budgets, opportunities to decide and impact on final decisions

Cons: Unbalanced work/private life , split of responsibilities in teams is unappropriate
Advice: Try to keep talent inhouse by providing good training and permanent job opportunities
Pros: Great environment of young employees, continuous learning process.

Cons: Salaries not competitive enough for the market
Long working hours 
Competitive spirit and strong personality is a must to succeed
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee Empowerment
Great career path and mobility all over the world
Young company and nice environment
Great school to learn

Cons: Unrealistic pressure ; unpredictable management practices
Advice: More authenticity (yes, even in a head office environment!! ); empower more frequently - you might be surprised by the positive results!
Pros: International career opportunities as a manager.

Cons: Over hours are not payed and can often add up.
Advice: None
Pros: Very positive work environment. Everyone wants you to succeed, and helps each other out. The employees are mostly young, enthusiastic about their work and very driven.

Cons: Even-though you get rewarded by the good effort if you are not at the senior level managers are not being so fair.
Advice: Objective observation is a must
Pros: You are getting rewarded as a result of your good effort.

Cons: basically no personal life
hierachy mindset in some department, difficult to push things at lower level
Advice: hire more people to reduce individual workload
Pros: Much opportunity to learn
possibility to take on independant projects

Cons: Turnover of employees is quite high.
Advice: The culture is very much a "last minute" culture. That should be better organized from the top to the rest of the company.
Pros: Very creative and exciting environment.

Cons: Long working hour, and many fire fighting on daily operational tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Visionary leaders and clear visibility on objective and deliverable.

Cons: salaries are average, benefits are standard, few job share opportunities
Advice: value experience as much as potential
Pros: Fast paced, creative, entrepreneurial, huge responsibility, career advancement

Cons: Sometimes a lot of work but average ok
Cant even find other cons
Advice: Great management. Cares for their employees. Great environment
Pros: Great people to work with
Great benefits
Profit sharing
Passionate environment

Cons: Long working hours
May get shifted to a role you did not choose
Advice: None
Pros: Free products
Staff discounts
Employee benefits
Entrepreneurial culture

Cons: Work in silos, heavy internal politics, higher-management don't build teams and careers they boss around everyone without building future talents.
Advice: None
Pros: Very dynamic, new projects, fast-pace, very nice co-workers, Intrapreneurial vision.

Cons: - Salary & compensation way below market
- no career path except from marketing job stream
- no international relocation & options except for top-management
Advice: None
Pros: - Overall atmosphere
- Work-life balance
- Market stakeholders engagement

Cons: Not developing and respecting employees
Advice: Be really more people oriented in actions not in words and presentations
Pros: Big corporation, teaches you a lot

Cons: No process, everytime your start a position you have to make everything from scratch.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with people all over the world, great opportunities to changes areas and make and international career

Cons: Working with passionate people also.means working.a lot ans often late
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful people, streching job assignements, a lot of learnings paths and projects you could never dream to have somewhere else

Cons: Lack of work/life balance. Sink or swim teaching method.
Advice: Improve management training program. Promote managers based on leadership abilities, not on proficiency in working individually.
Pros: Creative agency and influence, wide breadth of knowledge.

Cons: Not collaborative at times. Have to fight internally to get resources. Unnecessary internal meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Most people are great to work with and are very driven.
Company is willing to invest in top talent.

Cons: - Complex product portfolio
- Fast pasted
Advice: None
Pros: - Openness
- Flexibility
- One of top 10 FMCG world wide
- One of top 20 companies in Gartner's list for best supply chain

Cons: pay below industry average, high levels of stress all the time, pressure to relocate frequently
Advice: None
Pros: perks, products and opportunity to progress quickly. A lot of responsibility at a young age

Cons: i am not working, i am searching for job. m a fresher.
Advice: None
Pros: i know to operate uv, ir,fluorescence..i need to work in a chemical companies in r and d , qc.

Cons: Sometimes there are late calls with international colleagues
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic L'Oreal Australia team and inspirational Country Manager
So many incredible projects
Opportunities to put forward ideas and have them implemented

Cons: Very last minute, bureaucratic culture, very political, disorganised HR,
Advice: Empower employees as opposed to micromanaging them.
Pros: Fast paced, lots of responsibility, great colleagues, world class brands

Cons: Sink or swim, if you are not internally motivated you will struggle to adapt and succeed.
Advice: Mentorship, lead from the front
Pros: Entrepreneurial, agile, passionate, brave, community, full-on

Cons: Sometimes managers are too obsessed with building their careers
Advice: Value people who are working for you as personalities
Pros: Market leader, great products, lots of possibilities to develop

Cons: Management is always changing. Too many mangers but too few people doing the real work
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance; interesting job functions; great and friendly coworkers

Cons: long hour working, no specific SOP to follow
Advice: Can work on a SOP would be better for new comer to follow
Pros: flexibility of job hours, good employee benefits

Cons: Looking for new industry to be apart of.
Advice: You're amazing and very on top of your employee needs
Pros: Amazing company and fast growing. Very well branded.

Cons: None exactly for the moment!
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful office and great teams who work collaboratively together

Cons: Lack of influence on product development
Lack of
Advice: None
Pros: Full responsibility and brand marketing construction, building marketing strategy and go to market/

Cons: Barely no training, overload of work in a fast past environment,  no recognition for your work & no work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great school, lots of responsibilities & employee growth opportunities!

Cons: _Lacking of advanced tools & systems to support the business
Advice: None
Pros: _Good compensation & benefit package beside gross salary
_inspiring products to work for

Cons: within co workers or N+1 there are no back ups. They will put you in the middle.
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, good people, best talent people and smart

Cons: Tight deadlines, loose organization, Sense of Urgency
Advice: Have a better organization for work load & meetings
Pros: young spirit, sense of freedom, trust

Cons: Low paid, lack of clarity in role, unmeaningful HR initiatives, children with zero experience worryingly in senior leadership roles, unethical practices, no ownership of projects - only marketing have final say,  all decisions escalated. GMs with no meaningful UK experience and terrible reputations with retail partners.
Advice: Please rethink the culture and strategy.
Pros: Diversity of people, that's all

Cons: Long hours with major focus on achieving sales goals.
Advice: None
Pros: World class employer with great benefits and great condition workers.

Cons: No cons. Such a good place to work
Advice: Keep the thing as they are
Pros: I do recommend it to anyone. Great internship, great people.

Cons: Very high workload
Very fast-pace envoiroment
High stress level
A bit chaotic decision making model
A bit beauracratic decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: Intensive trainigs
Good wage
Nice benefits
Great corporate culture
Busines trips
