Cons: Like most large corporations, Corporate is not in touch with the stores, the customer, the product or marketing. Regional managers are overwhelmed and doing little more than letting us know how overwhelmed they are. This must go back to it being impossible to get fired here. 
All policy and procedure manuals (of which there have been 4 in the last year) boast of an "Open Door" policy. However, contacting anyone above your direct supervisor (including HR) is harshly discouraged, frowned upon and retaliated against.
Advice: Get into the stores and find out what is really going on. Don't use the economy as an excuse to short your employees leadership or direction. It is quickly affecting business and morale. Put in more effort in the department of Human Resources whether it means, time, staffing, money or all 3. It will be worth it. How many employees are still working for you just because it's impossible to get fired? How many of them would work harder if you made it feel like it was worth it?
Pros: "Gratis" or free goods allowances. L'Oreal owns many companies and we have access to discounts and free goods from many of them. Great medical benefits, especially for pregnant women. 
Quality of life can be high here if you don't mind your store standards and quality being very low. It is impossible to be fired or let go.

Cons: Salary and benefits are below industry average.  The R&D buildings at Clark, New Jersey, are falling apart.  And the new building is no where in sight.  Some buildings have serious OSHA violations, such as fume hood being vented back inside the building, lab coats are building worn outside of lab areas, dubious record keeping.  Unless you're French-speaking (for example, French-Canadian, native French, French-American), then you're out of luck.
Advice: End the French discrimination against non-French-speaking staff.  Empower the R&D.
Pros: L'Oreal is a widely recognized name and seems to induce French romanticism among female audience.  50% in company stores for products ranging from Lancome, Kiehl's, Ralph Lauren fragrances, Armani fragrances, Matrix, Redken, Maybelline, Garnier, etc.  Also, there are bi-monthly "free goods" available from company stores.  Good opportunity to impress people with products (cost of goods is minimal) bought at half off.

Cons: The salaries could be higher. Since it is a French company, most decisions and ideas come out of France, it would be nice if more innovation came from the US labs. There also seems to be a high turnover rate for many positions.
Advice: There should be more growth opportunities for employees that aren't French and better communication between marketing and R&D here and in France.
Pros: A great place to start a career, it is a very young environment. There are a lot of opportunities for networking and you can learn a lot about the consumer products industry. There are also nice benefits and good working hours. There are opportunities to move around within the company as well.

Cons: Work-life-Balance does not favor the 'family' person. $ Compensation is generally not commesurate with responsibility.  Management exremely slow to adopt change, particularly in information systems.  Very political atmosphere.  French business culture is embedded everywhere at the senior ranks, difficult to function if you are not used to it.
Advice: Break the traditional mold of what brand equity is supposed to be.  Give the consumers what they want, seize opportunities in this 'new' economy.
Pros: Better than average benefits and great maternity package.  Good experience and exposure for young professionals, particularly in Marketing.  If you can conceive of an idea, prove it's financial sustainabilty and champion it's cause...your career can take off here.  New CEO is a different thinker than previous 2.

Cons: Constant changes of direction, decision making is only top-down. Not nearly as glamorous as you would think, even brand managers do a lot of grunt work. Endless hours spent on ppt presentations that amount to nothing.
Advice: Have more confidence in the employees, and start getting on the ball with interactive marketing!!
Pros: Household name, excellent benefits, and free products. Working with some of the best marketers around and products that will be seen and used by millions.

Cons: Some people get unmerited advancements.  A lot of people riding on the coat tails of others.  Some management trainees are incompetent and not given right opportunities to improve.
Advice: Stop focusing on playing the number games so much.  Don't just focus on top players.  Keep supporting people in their ideas.
Pros: Great growth opportunities, even when not merited.  Pleasant place to work.  Management that cares.  Relatively low pay for engineers.  Management trainee program gives quick career advancement.

Cons: Consumer Products division is a terrible place to work - very political and cut throat
Titles are big - salaries are low
Advice: Retire and make room for new people and new thinking.  Stop filling all key management positions from France.  Place more value on people's imput.
Pros: They market some great products and build excitement around brands
Professional Products division is a good place to work - great people.

Cons: Terrible hours
Ridiculous turnover -  so many people come and go, resulting in constant training of new marketers who would ultimately leave for a competitor.
Advice: Stop copying competitors and calling it your own innovation.  Stop presenting to yourselves and start creating demand for your products.
Pros: Project management and time management skills.

Cons: communication from management is not good
Advice: Communicate and treat employees better
Pros: Benefits are very good, pay is good, fellow employees are great to work with

Cons: Management wants a devil wears prada mentality. Performance reviews are subjective at best. It is required that you put in long hours for remedial tasks
Advice: Your HR is completely incompetent. No empowerment. Absolutely foolish to have executives micromanaging the business and print buys down to the value ads.
Pros: Money is higher than other CPG companies at this level hallf day Fridays are a plus. Health benefits are best in class coverage.

Cons: very demanding job; long hours
Advice: keep on guys doing good job
Pros: Very autonomous, and self learning job.
good responsabilities and comfortable budget for

Cons: 1. Hard to sell comparing other competitor Make-up Brand in industry.
2. Their Sales Manager of Shu Uemura is VERY RUDE and NON-CARING at all for the staffs! She only concerned about the sales target and can simply ignore your Annual Leave request (For example, "If you didn't hit your sales target this month/overhit your sales target, I won't approve your annual leave" - Even the Counter Manager approved it.
3. Too expensive! Other brands like M.A.C, Bobbi Brown are cheaper than Shu Uemura but with stunning result too.
4. The style and creativity side is not there, since is the Japanese Make-up Brand why all staff must wear an uniform but not do their own style to attract customer? (For example, M.A.C or Bobbi Brown dress whatever they like as long as is black, with stylish hair too - it makes you look professional and look like Stylist/Make-up Artist, comparing Shu Uemura it looks so far boring.)
Advice: 1. Change your attitude and be caring to your staff! Sales is a must but that doesn't mean you can use that to blackmail your staff by not giving them annual leave.
2. Bring your brand high profile! Shu Uemura is lack of promotion and PR.
3. Change the style! Let people see and get attract by your brand or your Stylist/Make-up Artist.
4. Negotiate your price! Everyone can found a similiar product with better value.
Pros: 1. One of the recognized Make-up Brand in the industry.
2. From fresh level and get training to becomes Make-up Expert.
3. Good products.

Cons: Long hours - but this is improving with strategies like summer working hours (finishing at 3pm on Fridays)
If you don't enjoy a highly changeable and fast moving environment - L'Oreal may not be a good choice as an employer - you need to love change and be very flexible
Communication is really important - you cannot rely on emails to build relationships - you have to build networks to get the best results
Advice: Sometimes expectations are so high that managers can forget to show appreciation of effort put in.  What would be considered a 'great' performance in other companies is often only considered a 'good' performance at L'Oreal.
Pros: Meritocratic environment - if you are a great performer your career will fly
'Can-do' attitude - very solutions focused
Networked environment - you can get decisions made very quickly
Exciting environment - hundreds of launches every year
Not proceedural - you have a lot of room to make decisions and stretch the boundaries of your role
Passionate people - creates an inspiring environment

Cons: Working environment in L'Oreal is quite political. I will say much more than other companies in cosumer industry.
The number of women are much more than men. In general, it is not desirable to work with so many women around.
L'Oreal likes to recruit people from high education background in prestigious universities.
Advice: Please do not think that people graduating from prestious universities means that they are great entrepreneurs in business. 
Itis not effective to have so many meetings...
Pros: If you have passion to work at the cosmetic industry and you are ambitious, L'Oreal is quite nice place to work.
L'Oreal give good chances to develp the ability of each emplyoee if you are intelligent.
For example, you can get promoted in a fast-track comparing with other companies.
In addition, you can have many opportunities to work overseas as an expat.

Cons: This is a French company that operates as the French do.  It's very political, and hierarchical, and you do have to learn the politics to get ahead.  They always say you have to manage your own career at L'Oreal, and it's true.  You have to know what you want and learn exactly the right way to push, and who to become friends with - not everything is merit based.  And god forbid you ever show a bit of emotion - the masculine culture of L'Oreal manufacturing may come as a bit of a surprise, considering it's a cosmetics company.  There are no women past a certain level, so be aware that you can move forward quickly at the beginning, but you will probably have to get out after 6-7 years if you really want to move ahead.

The downside of quick responsibility is that they give you little-to-no training - it's all "on the job" training, but this is the L'Oreal way, and we have all come to accept it, even if we don't like it.

Finally, the "leadership" abilities of much of the management leaves much to be desired.  The top guys are between good and great, but there are a lot of people under them who don't really know how to manage... and I don't think L'Oreal has done a good job in correcting that yet.
Advice: Worry about the fact that even though L'Oreal was voted one of the top spots to start a career, it is consistantly not ranked above the top companies to work for.  Young people are willing to work hard and produce really good work, but when they see their peers, or their predecessors doing the same and still not getting rewarded just because they don't play the game exactly right, this is a problem.  At some point "experience" does not count as a part of compensation.  Finally, you hire smart people, but you don't trust them to do smart things.
Pros: Young, dynamic co-workers make it easy to have a social life, especially if you've moved from elsewhere.  There's something special about working for a company whose products you see on the shelf at the salon or in Target or even the make-up counter at Macy's.  They do give you a lot of responsability right off the bat, and if you continue to perform, you can move ahead, as long as you learn your way through the politics.  Finally, as long as you're performing well (average, even), your job is not at stake - L'Oreal holds onto its employees sometimes well after their expiration date, but this also gives you the chance to make mistakes and take risks without ruining your future.  If you don't fit in one position, they will try you out in another, because when they hired you, somewhere they saw a spark of something that they want to see shine.

Cons: Decisions must always go up the entire chain of command before any action can be taken.
Superiors do not groom their subordinates for advancement.
Too many employees who have done the same job for many years. Leaves a lack of passion and open-mindedness to new procedures or ways of accomplishing tasks.
Advice: Work on allowing growth and experimentation within the ranks of middle management. Develop a sense of partnership within the company. The lack of upward mobility in various areas of the company prevents upper management from grooming their direct reports for higher level work.
Pros: Well respected brands.
High regard for quality.
Solid portfolio of brands and products. Well diversified across various price points.
Forward-thinking in some of the benefits offered.

Cons: Probably need to be French to make it higher.
Few women in top posts.
The style of management is very 'authoritarian' and control-oriented.
Goals and objectives are infrequently written and rarely clear-- making year end interviews a systematic surprise.
Work efficiency is hampered by bad time management and poor IT.
Advice: The diversity of senior management is a real issue.  This needs to be considered for the long term health of the company.
Pros: In general, the opportunities at L'Oreal are there for the taking, but (a) you need to have very thick skin along the way, and (b) ready to work the long hours.  
There is a good amount of freedom to try new things for such a large company.
The internal training programme is robust.

Cons: Very competitive between depts, and very heavy workload.  Even recreational activities are done with a mindset to win, win, win.
Advice: There were too many changes to the higher management at 1 time that made the employees totally insecure.  Due to this, there were a lot of rumours & paranoia going around, and hence led to disrespect towards the management.  It will be great to ensure that changes are made transparent to staffs.
Pros: Has great perks like products & sometimes beauty services done by trainees. Fun environment

Cons: Your boss has a total discretion on your sales objectives which accounts for 50% of your overall salary. Thus he can force you to leave the company by preventing you from achieve your sales target every month.
Advice: Try to make the management structure as flat as possible encouraging the senior management to get in touch with the lower level from the hierarchy pyramid,l the consumers and clients from the company.
Pros: Independence
Company car
Brands and Products
Fun environment

Cons: There is a lot of pressure to perform and get work done - even if that means sacrificing personal time. Plus there is no paid overtime.
Advice: I'm very satisfied with my management team. I think they do an excellent job of working with employees and communicating effectively
Pros: Lots of interesting, varied work to do. This is my first office experience and it has been fantastic! I'm never bored at this office

Cons: - political (who don't?), hierachy
- too much emotional, lack of rational sometimes
- unfaire competition by some employees
- everything marketing plan changes, everyday...
- meeting culture, not always leading to conclusions or decisions
- doing luxury brands like mass brands
Advice: Offer true value to consumers; treat nicely and fairly employees
Pros: - good to have on resume
- fast learning, very dynamic working style
- sexy product categories
- good looking people
- free products

Cons: No worklife balance, especially true if brand or country is small, cos' resources proportional to size of business, not amount of work done
Advice: Provide more coaching, some (or many) of the bosses have no coaching skills, or are nice but have no leadership skills
Pros: Flexible and vast autonomy given to experiment and test out new campaigns
Can be promoted fast if upper mgmt likes you

Cons: the structure of this company is too huge,manager,vice manager,Area Manager and Derect Manager,,,so many.
Advice: enhance the speed of hadling something.
Pros: You will get the best welfare and the opportunity of further education
