Cons: The main problem is lack of work/life balance. Like I said if you are just getting started it works since you have the opportunities to go far. But later on, putting in late nights all the time, weekend work and working through vacations gets old. Especially when even that doesn't let you catch up because there's more piling on with no end in sight. A lot of it is unnecessary too. Meetings, meeting prep, slides that are never used etc. Thats the life here so if you like having a life outside I wouldn't work here. Not for long anyway.
Advice: Find a way to make work more efficient. Start 360 reviews because there are Managers taking full credit for the work of the lower employees and interns who they work to the bone. There is no proper way to alert higher up teams about this kind of behavior. Finally, hire more people. Invest more in Digital. Teams are strapped and exhausted.
Pros: Great brands, opportunities to work on exciting projects and for the most part good groups of people to work with. You can tell everyone cares about the job and how the brands do. The company does a great job of inspiring you. Its a particularly great place if you're getting started in your career. If you're a hard worker that knows how to showcase your talent, you will get far. Also great benefits and pay which they have to provide since the expected hours are so long. Overall a great place for starting out or for people who enjoy that your main focus in life is your job.

Cons: Unless you are French, handpicked by " a friend of an HR employee”, referred by a person who is a friend with HR or you’ve been picked  by “HR” to be in the “Management  Training Program “ (AKA “We can mold you into what we want”, and do not mind being a puppet)You will not matter!!!!!
 
*There seems to be secret unwritten rule that if you are an AVP or above (possibly a Director…depending if you’re a “ friend of HR”) you’ll never be fired from the company . You are an…. “untouchable”… REGARDLESS of any of the following:

Indiscretions, 
Obvious preferential treatment or favoritism, 
Taking no responsibility for mistakes made , only passing them off as other’s mistakes
Not providing direct reports with proper or sufficient direction on projects,  (which if given proper direction the above-mentioned point may not occur)
Lack of people skills, which is reminiscent of the Devil Wear’s Prada
Horrible time management skills, yet never an issue….
Direct reports work there as* off and have the “boss” taking all the praise and credit
Long hours with ZERO appreciation

If you have a voice, an opinion or a backbone....You will not be taken care off.
Advice: "Take care of your customers and employees and the profits will follow!!"

Start hiring executives that are real PEOPLE. People who are not robots!  Who are not opportunistic, self serving egomaniacs!! Who not threatened by seeing their direct reports flourish and grow!!

Get a more Human And Resourceful team of HR professionals.....
Pros: Free products monthly for the little people. Yearly allowance for the *untouchables
Great products
Great to have on your resume

Cons: Excessively long hours, due to antiquated processes.  Upper management throws tantrums, and ignores people if they made a mistake,  Other employees stand offish, and just let you flail around if you are not sure how to do something. All people coming in are engineering majors so materials management is being handled like the building of a rocket, which ties materials hands to move quickly and respond to marketing's needs.  All tasks are cumbersome and over analyzed.  For every one result, there is about 15 tasks and 4 people involved, again slows down the ability and agility to respond quickly to get results for the customer.
Advice: It would be helpful to hire college interns that are material management majors, not engineering majors.  The operations group needs to also be managed by experienced Operational people, not an engineering major who happened to over see a group of planners while closing down a plant.
Pros: they are good to their employee's as far as benefits, they do a lot of outside training, that is more culture training, which is nice they do,   But when you get back to work, no one follows that training, so it eventually becomes a waste of time. .  They also let  you get involved in volunteering and giving back to the community. 
  Their Human resource group is top notch, and very qood at what they do,  Their manager actually  sticks up for her group, so they are not afraid to learn and make mistakes. .

Cons: Downside is, the work "can" get very routine.  But I think that will depend on your ability and desire to learn "formulation" so you can get creative as you build up your skills in cosmetic chemistry and science.

And as you go up in ranks, it seems (from my brief observation) that you have to do a lot of good negotiation and discussion with marketing, whom typically will decide what products will be made.  This can be tough, because marketing folks are very tough.  =)
Advice: This is probably the same issue anywhere you go, but sometimes the ideas that come from internal members get "passed or ignored" where as ideas from outside seem to get more attention.
Pros: Best part is, you get to see the product you've worked on get launched into the market pretty much within 1~1.5 years from the point you start working on it.  THAT is an amazing gratification you get when working here, something not many of my friends in other industries can say (i.e. - semiconductor takes many years, pharma takes MANY years).

Another great part is, I have seem plenty of coworker friends who had a chance to work 1~3 years in other R&D locations around the world.  For L'Oreal, I have seem personal friends whom have worked at Clichy (France), Shanghai (China), and Kawasaki (Japan), but I believe there may be other locations as well.  How cool is that?  ^^

Cons: Super hierarchical, you cannot get anything done unless it is approved by bunch of managers. Lack of upward mobility, HR drives your career without consulting with you so if you are not careful you can end up in a mouse trap. No recognition for technical people, if you dont aspire to be a manager you are seen as a looser. No collaboration between groups makes projects move very slow. In the labs all the techs are temps so there is no continuity in terms of support, if you are working on something very delicate you have ot be prepared to do al the dirty work or waste months every year re-training new temps. Cost cutting is extreme so if you have to travel you have very small allowances and the cheapest flights so even if you are willing to pay out of pocket for an upgrade the fare does not allow it
Advice: Stop being so French hierarchy style, promote collaboration and stop having so many meetings, people are only functioning around big meetings not for the sake of project's objecives.
Strengthen the technical track, give credit to project managers, dont make them be people managers too, some people are good managing people and deserve the credit for it but handling projects is a different beast.
Pros: The company is loyal to its employees, good training opportunities, interesting projects, good benefits

Cons: Management treats headcount like a problem that must be contained at all costs. Employees are overworked because our job scope is ever-expanding, but management refuses to increase hiring. Work/life balance is non-existent. Turnover was obscenely high, and nearly all departures were voluntary.

There was far too much "Enron Math" in my group. No outright fraud, but our financial projections frequently blurred the line between irrational optimism and outright dishonesty.

Working in that environment was both physically and emotionally draining. I began the job filled with dreams and ambition, and by the time I finally resigned I was a broken, empty shell of a human being.
Advice: When I was recruited there was a giant poster with the slogan "WE NEED TALENT!"

I would remind management that you already HAVE talent. I have never worked with a smarter, more ambitious and dedicated group of people. You just need to figure out a way to keep them from walking out the door.
Pros: Innovative company, amazing people, you will never be bored. Good brand recognition, and employee perks are great. Company Store discount gets you 50% off all products.

If you're a guy you will be very popular with the ladies.

Cons: Only great for graduates colleges without experience who have never been involved in any type of organization . Hiring nice talent folks with diversity background, who will resign after 3 or 4 years.   Most people behave well most of the time, but problems can develop in the workplace with staff that show extreme, persistent and difficult behavior;disagreement ending with disputes 
the only way to reach to the top is mingling with upper level( 2 or 3 positions above your supervisor) .
Low core of values and principles.Reward dictatorship vs leadership.  L'Oreal philosophy: " the Manager is always right;acquiesce any order and proceed ..otherwise,  game is over.. the decisions taking too long. Acknowledging your mistakes but  not merit. HR is non existent.Salary increases 1-2% , make sure to sign a non compete agreement.  Notify 4 weeks prior your leaving to non competitor.
Advice: Stop flushing nice talent people down the drain!! .Stop Smiling and misleading future employees with false promises .Look with you've done with us!! You may have ruined our career, our hopes ,our passions but you haven't ruined our life.
Pros: Good salary with Benefits is a plus.  Discount store, Free samples every time you participate in studies.Very limited 2 classes per year.Assist Events in NYC and NJ. Holidays, Volunteer day and stability company. work/ life balance leeway

Cons: Unnecessary and almost daily meetings/presentations to prepare for that prevent you from completing the necessary operational tasks, leading to extremely long work hours, stressful job and employees complaining all the time, hard to be promoted to top management if not French, absolutely no respect for personal life outside of work (i.e. managers stay on Friday nights past 8pm on a weekly basis and you feel obliged as well), really low pay considering all of the hours and effort put in, very heavily-based email culture (bombardment every day), people doing the workload of 2 or more people (workload not properly distributed).
Advice: Hire more people to better distribute workload, have respect for work-life balance, eliminate the unnecessary meetings/presentations just for the sake of putting together PPTs, realize that you're losing a ton of great employees who can find better salaries and a more well-balanced life elsewhere.
Pros: Working with some of the best brands/products out there, an opportunity to meet a lot of nice people from all over the world and practice your language skills, travel and go to fun events, discounted and/or free products from time to time, always being in the "know" on what goes on in the industry/marketing

Cons: When I was hired the company was going through a major overhaul. People were being hired and fired and positions combined. I was excited to have the job until I found out I would not recieve proper training. It was fine at first for I am a fast learner but since the girl who had my position previously had left on bad terms she left a lot of unfinished business that, naturally, my boss decided to blame on me since she no longer had her previous employee to blame. I took it in stride until my boss tried to not pay be for overtime. I had to wait an entire month to recieve my money and was fired for even requesting it!
Advice: You are not always right! What a surprise. People are hired to help you, allow them to do their jobs. Train when necessary. Relax!
Pros: Name recognition, job duties, challenging, creative, large company, trips, working with talented people, discount on products.

Cons: Disorganized overall, computer systems  and work processes do not function very effectively and these systems are the backbone of the work. Overall everything should be much more streamlined with more careful planning. Pay is not particularly great regardless of the effort and success achieved. Need to answer to a lot of people. Priorities are not clearly defined and are constantly changing. I did not recommend my son to attempt to get a job with the company. Someone smart with a good education could and should do much better than this company, at least for the long term. For a short term 1-5 years it could be a good experience.
Advice: Need to be more organized. Need stronger leadership that is not done solely via multiple committees.
Pros: After 10 years time off is excellent. The company is ever evolving. Lot's of holidays. The company generally takes great care in terms of the products that are put out on the market.

Cons: -Be prepared to work very hard with little recognition and appreciation
-Long hours and expectations to constantly check-in even when off
-Lots of talk and little to no-portunity for cross brand or cross divisional moves. HR is useless.
-Competitive coworkers and TOO MANY internal corporate politics
-Other Snr Management will be threatened by young, smart, hungry go-getters and WILL throw you under the bus, keep you from spotlight or get rid of you.
Advice: -Re-evaluate VP levels. Some are really great. Others are really awful with no care for their employees career development. They causing really smart young talent to RUN!
-HR needs to help deliver on "Corporate Promises" - moving around company; explorere programs etc
-Smaller brands operate like its 1980. They are decades beyond Mass and Luxury brands.
Pros: -Great Resume Builder
-Some really intelligent Snr Management and able to learn and grow from
-Marketplace respect of Brand Marketing and Media Budget
-Great Benefits (401k, Equinox, Pension)

Cons: Highly hierarchical, your ability to get anything done depends on who you know and who can introduce you to the people high up. Sometimes chaotic and disorganized, information does not flow well, perhaps because it is perceived as power so nobody wants to give it up.
Groups work independently of each other and it is very difficult to cross boundaries and collaborate.
No technical ladder
Advice: Value technical contributors as much as managers. Offer flexible schedule, life-work balance is very hard when you have meetings in the evenings and still expected to be in the office 9-5 (flexibility is only offered to managers and above)
Pros: Interesting work, international opportunities., very nice intelligent people to work with. 
Good values and overall a very ethic company regardless of what activists groups say about the "cosmetic industry"
A company that invests in and value their people

Cons: The aggressive and political culture of L'Oreal quickly took over this fun, friendly, entrepreneurial company post-acquisition.  It is now rife with politics and presents a challenging environment for both pre-acquisition employees and Seattleites who are not used to or familiar with New York-based culture.
Advice: If you plan to keep this company in Seattle, consider opening yourself up to adoption of Seattle's corporate cultural norms.  You'll have MUCH happier employers and less turnover leading to a more successful business (as it once was).
Pros: Fantastic products, great benefits, and lots of career opportunity with L'Oreal if you are open to moving.  The products have a cult following and there is significant innovation.  Provides a different spin on the beauty business than traditional skincare and cosmetics.

Cons: 1) not much of guidance from manager, basically you have to auto pilots everything
2) teamwork spirit is pretty weak here. everyone is doing their own things
3) can be quite routine after many years of working, as the organizational structure is very flat. once you got promoted , you are still doing the same old things just the title is different.
Advice: 1) need strong and visionary leaders to pull the team together
2) increase chances of  internal transfer and cross country transfer opportunity
Pros: management gives you the flexibility to work on your creativity and implementation 0f new ideas. this is very good for people who enjoys freedom of working and challenging environment. glam , glitz and fun place to work with. the company is willing to groom and send you for training .  very good foundation for freshie!

Cons: Toxic atmosphere in some departments -- all depends on where you work.  In my case I walked into a bad position that had a bumpy history with previous people in the job and high turnover.  Too much drama for me so I didn't stay.  But maybe that was just bad luck.  Overall if I'd known how toxic some other environments would be that I worked in afterwards I might not have thought it was so bad and hung in there.  I think it's just a crap shoot depending on your brand / department / position at the time you come on board.  It is a huge company though and can be political.  The perks make up for some of it.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, good perks (1/2 price on products across all brands and some free every 2 months, quarterly bonus gifts, subsidized cafeteria, etc)

Creative Atmosphere

Some great brands

Cons: Decision makers take far too long to make decisions, company is too big and bloated to be agile in an ever evolving industry.  You can work like a dog and no one will notice unless you're a favorite.
Advice: Make decisions and share visions, stay a course.  Value the employees who don't kiss your butt, yet put their blood sweat and tears into their projects.
Pros: Looks great on a resume.  Opportunities are there you just have to hang in there work hard and fight for it...or be a favorite butt kisser.  The health care benefits are what keep me here.

Cons: The pace is fast and this is a marketing driven company.  As a member of operations I was hit with a lot of do-loops going around and around each time marketing changed their mind.  This means a lot of hours and a lot of frustration.
Advice: It is easy to feel undervalued when the hours get rough.  Unilever salaries are competitive and their hours are much better.
Pros: You have lots of opportunities take on great responsibility even at very low positions like analyst.  With that responsibility comes an opinion - you're expected to have one and the important people actually listen (sometimes).

Cons: Leadership can be autocratic at times and meeting intense. You will need to hone your political navigation skills to work at L'Oreal, and don't  expect work-life balance. This company has no agility when it comes to speed to market.
Advice: You have an amazing talent pool... you need to listen to them. A more collaborative leadership style is needed with the ability to trust your teams in order to make quick decisions and move forward before the competition.
Pros: L'Oreal pays competitively and rewards high potential talent. They also provide diverse opportunities for growth. L'Oreal believes in promoting from within. You will experience all facets of the beauty business and are exposed to all levels of management. L'Oreal also offers rich career and leadership training.

Cons: POLITICS
Promote based on favorites vs. merit
high turnover- no stability or regard for process; every few months its like ground-hogs day working with a new cross-functional team from the ground-up
no worklife balance- weekend and midnight emails are normal
Advice: Learn how to do the execution work of the people below you before you sit in meetings and overcommit or backstab your own team. Company needs to focus on training, mentoring and recognizing success in new hires to improve retention.  Across the organization teams are held back from progress due to constant turnover and employees starting in a role without knowing how to do their jobs or how to navigate the company culture.
Pros: Autonomy
Fast Paced
Dynamic
easy to move between functional departments (it's even expected)

Cons: God forbid you challenge someone from upper management your job automatically goes on the hot seat. A lot of turnover seems like once you hit 40 it time to start watching over your back seen some really smart people let go for know real reason other than they were older than most of the rest of the team
Advice: Show more respect to your older management. We are all going to get older someday
Pros: Good benefits stable job weekends off hours are not bad except when there's a deadline  for something which should be expected they tend to panic

Cons: MicroManaging: Serious issue( I called" MM") and very common at Loreal.  constant mentally abuse from upper management until their employees leave voluntary or in bad terms. No one since to care including HR and put a stop this nonsense .
Burn Outs: Regretfully, very common  and happen short or Long period of time depends of Individual healthy physiology. 
Working/life balance: Adjust your personal life and work can be manageable  but  without family even better  and less stressful.
Culture:  aggresive fast pace environment(in a negative way) ,the most of time unfeasible deadlines, very robotic, chaotic, disorganized( 2nd biggest issue). The meetings tend to be long and repetitive: quantity and no quality.  Communication among Workers-Upper Management- Marketing, is defining  an   painful  cycle , most of time with intangible  solutions. Generally, friendly environment with few backstabbers. Frequently, handle disputes and disagreement,  Any of these disputes, if not resolved, could cause lost productivity at best; at worst, it could lead to employee resignations or bad performance review. 
Revolving Door:  Leaving  totally normal,  an universal needs such as eating, breathing, sleeping etc. Every 1 or 2 month someone leaves behind  the door : come in with happy, excited and motivated attitude & come out  delusion, hopeless and emotional daunting/haunting experience
Career mobility in a political  hierarchy;   Upper management acceptance+ fast learner+ Charisma+ hard worker+ adaptability=Promotion, high responsibilities  and international training. Lack of these attributes or inability to perform could cause  a reversible failing career reaction.
Advice: Advice to Newlywed (interns):  Great company to gain experience in the field of cosmetics for a short period of time. The company treats very well all interns,   working with important projects and giving a lot accountabilities, being integrated  with all departments. You get paid.
Advice to Experience level workers( acquaintance) : I would not recommend you to work in here. You will/ might have to change your modus operandi  and live up to  the standards.. Sense of Logic is not a strong forte at Loreal.
Pros: Free goodies every 2 months, a lot holidays, good benefits, modern and high technology, paid training classes,  leader company in cosmetics and good name for your resume. On the other hand, career advancement only depending on your manager and fitting  on this type of culture.

Cons: Promoting managers with lack of experience who harass the personal staff till someone resigns from their duties. Must never report any confrontational Manager- issues to Human Resources;HR won't convey a healthy solution  and the most of time they will ignore  your petition. salaries Increase  1-2 %. and average  promotions are between 3-5 years. Aggressive fast pace environment with a non sense of logic;very chaotic.
The most employees ended up going to competitors, suppliers or changing their career.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Some perks including discount store and free goods every 2 months,volunteer time, great health benefits, good retirement plan (401 K).

Cons: Many areas of work are rather siloed. The high turnover at L'Oreal means working with new, untrained people all the time. The hours can be very long, and brands vary widely on how much top-down support and consideration is given. Overall it tends to be a poor work/life balance.
Advice: Management thinks they do a better job at listening from above than they do, and it is eroding the culture.
Pros: L'Oreal generally provides good salaries and benefits. There are options for growth and advancement if you are a corporate go-getter. Quick time-to-market on most projects let's you see you hard work on the shelf quite often.

Cons: There is a huge division between management and the floor workers.  They have core values that they preach at monthly team meetings and when you try use them with management you will find yourself wrote up at best and fired at worst.  The plant manager is an EGO Maniac.  They move a lot of people around in the company and you can find yourself working on something with no experience or training yet they expect results.  Comany culture morale is at an all time low.
Advice: Stop being ego driven.Stop hiring simple "yes men" as your floor managers and check any documentation the yes men give you.  I know for a fact that they are changing informants before you see them.  I did my own tracking and discovered things were omitted or flat out changed.
Pros: Good Base salary. Free Product

Cons: A culture of organized chaos is sometimes frustrating.  Few people in the company are true decision makers and some things take a while to be approved despite deadlines and urgency.  Prepping for meetings is a job in and of itself.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits (health insurance, free and discounted products) and high levels of responsibility for projects no matter what level of employment.  True business goals and objectives are set and employees are always challenged to harnass their creativity to deliver more.  Plus top management has really declared that sustainability and responsible growth are key priorities.

Very nice opportunities for mobility among the portfolio of brands as well as internationally.

Cons: Dysfunctional management - inconsistent (some members of management are very good and some are very BAD) This created a lot of frustration
Lack of professional behavior during meetings (screaming, yelling, crying...)
Many people have 'catty' attitudes
Not for everybody
Advice: If you actually followed your performance evaluation process (the one that HR has on paper) for promotions you might actually have relatively competitive people managing the NYO office. But, since promotions are very political there are many inept members of management that makes every body else's life miserable and create a lot of inefficiencies in the process.
Pros: Free product perks
Fabulous location in 5th Ave.
Looks good on resume
Interesting industry
Amazing advertising

Cons: Not everyone fits. You have to be adventurous to succeed here....nothing is ever set in stone...the network is more important than the processes. There are very little guidelines and few directions are given.
Very fast pace. Hard working required but it comes with the satisfaction of being part of a winning team.
Advice: Come live the life of employees one day per quarter
Pros: Incredible career opportunities
Early exposure to management and Business challenges
A lot of room for personal impact...a place where you can make your mark
A place to grow professionally AND personally
The people are Amazing

Cons: Very long hours, overly competitive culture, way too many formal meetings that take up time from doing the project work
Advice: Give people more flexibility in their path upwards.  Don't assume that someone staying until 11pm is doing better or more work than the person leaving at 6pm.  It's about efficiency-judge people on the work not how long they are sitting at their desk.
Pros: Smart people, lots of opportunity, good brands, challenged to work above your level

Cons: Salary has been my biggest difficulty , I feel that the hourly rate should be higher . A lot of responsibility. I take great pride in my work and would love for my salary to reflect my passion for the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved growing my business with the partnerships I've been so fortunate to have gained. YSL has  given me the opportunity to build relationships that greatly impacted my revenue and productivity .YSL is a brand I'm proud to represent.

Cons: Very French-centric, expatriates have a high proportion of senior leadership positions in U.S., with very few senior leadership opportunities for Americans in Europe, which is really illogical considering the relative populations you can draw talent from.    American slaves work for French masters.  Highly negative work environment, more focus on competing internally vs. externally; lack of teamwork and cooperation.
Advice: Become a mutinational company vs. a French company.  Modernize work atmosphere.
Pros: Great people and products, good place to begin a career.

Cons: Very strict with rules and regulations. Supervisors are pushed on enforcing these rules so don't make a mistake. They rather let you go then to understand mistakes are human and stuff happens.
Advice: Remember people are there to support themselves and their families so keep that in mind when your talking to them. Learn to promote growth and not just the bye see you later attitude.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Work is steady lots of overtime for those who want. Many good benefits and perks. Pleasant work environment.

Cons: Lots of mean, back-stabbing people and lower than competitive salaries.  Bonuses are non-existent below AVP level.  Performance reviews don't follow a fair process.  Very hierarchal.
Advice: Pay employees better
Pros: Lots of smart people.  Big research budgets.  Fast paced, learn a lot.  Great health insurance and pension plan.  Good cafeteria on site.  Starbucks in building lobby.  Great company store.  Lots of hot gay guys.

Cons: Everything about this place is a challenge. You are encouraged to speak up about making improvements to the company, but when you do you are either dismissed or harshly rejected for suggesting the idea. If you have any type of science degree outside of engineering you are considered worthless and treated as if you had no college degree. Promotion is driven by favoritism, not by qualification. Instrumentation and technology are out of date. Opportunities to get involved with the company are only available to office staff. Training is obsolete; you walk in and are pretty much told to work right away. There is no formal training or shadowing and no real SOP’s. No chance for advancement or growth in your department and any type of learning is highly discouraged. The main focus of your management is to ensure that all deadlines are met and they will push you very hard to meet those deadlines. Management will then toast their success and complain that you were not working hard enough. Your management will not work with you to guide you towards your professional goals. They will never move you if you are good at what you do because they are too lazy to find other qualified employees to take your place. The company is a revolving door especially for those with great experience and qualifications. They are fickle about time off, with rules changing with each new manager that is appointed. Management always changes policies when they are changed around.  So expect to be constantly guessing what your policies are. If you temp with the company, expect them to treat you horribly and then string you along with the promise of a permanent position.  This is a terrible place to work especially if you have a background in the sciences.  Just skip over it if you can, you will gain nothing of value to your resume other than the addition of a “big” company name.
Advice: I have no advice for management, they won’t listen anyway.
Pros: This place has no perks. All the perks they had at one time have been either taken away or made obsolete. Corporate perks are there but they don’t inform you about them at all. The overall culture would be great if they actually practiced their supposed “compass.”  The compass is a list of moral guidelines for every employee to follow. It would be great, if EVERYONE followed it, but management is exempt for some reason from this applied moral code. They have a great development plan system that is all formality. Nothing is followed through and they expect you to remain in your position forever without any opportunity for advancement unless you are a favorite. Even then, they dictate what you should be promoted too, not what you want to pursue. You get steel toed shoes from a shoe-mobile paid for every year and free goods are given every 2 months from the company store. No real interview process is in place, they will hire anyone, even if you are not qualified. Only looks good on your resume, no real valuable experience will be obtained from your experience here.

Cons: Not a great work-life balance. Often the vision and priorities from senior management are not clear, which leads to more reactive problem solving instead of proactive planning.
Advice: None
Pros: Driven, passionate employees. There is lots of room for professional growth, which makes it a great place to start your career because you will be given a lot of responsibility quickly. It is a place where you can be creative in any position.

Cons: Terrible middle management, place is a circus.  No upward movement, culture is operations versus marketing.  Best advice is to get out after a few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, nice people, I made lots of friends.  Operations culture stresses good work life balance.  WAAAAAY to many meetings, to review and discuss same topics.   Advancement is not by intelligence, rather your ability to get others to like you.

Cons: Stress levels are HIGH! 
No work/life balance.
Working  weekend days equates to 1 complimentary day;  2 days worked on a wknd (aka personal time) should = 2 days off
Paycheck is monthly.
Advice: Raises are apreciated and help motivate.
Make sure all team members pull their weight.
Mandate interns for every division/brand & dept.
Stop reductions in force
Pros: Discount in Company Store.
The idea of summer fridays (workload often doesnt permit you to participate)

Cons: No mobility 
No talent development
Raises were low
Diversion is killing the professional products division 
No training on internal changes- for instance they rolled out SAP and didn't want the sales operation team to tell the sales reps.
Advice: Develop the bench it could only help you.
Pros: Good benefits and perks
Good sense of work life balance in most cases
Good products - which are apart of company benefits
Remote position
Vehicle 
Laptop
Generous T&E
Profit sharing

Cons: Hierarchical culture means slow moving and indecisiveness; L'Oreal kids (who have only worked their) have a very warped sense of the outside world sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: The entrepreneurial spirit; constant collaboration; allows for creativity and innovation; you can make your role as big as you want it to be which can be very empowering and motivating

Cons: easy job, easy to turn into an idiot.  low paying relative to competitors.
Advice: enforce training, improve communications at higher level to reduce interference with international partners.  and stop lying about innovation, you don't give your employees enough time to do it.
Pros: benefits, easy job to do if you don't care.

Cons: too much stress, too demanding, no appreciation for staff, no organization, very poorly run, have a huge turn over rate, run by men, very few females in upper management in all of LOreal, not just Canada, gets environmental awards & yet fills landfills with discarded, unused signage by the ton, should spend more on operational side rather than marketing, cut back on the millions for celebrity endorsements, profitable & yet cuts staff, so concerned with beating P&G that they have lost sight of their own business, in a sad state & declining rapidly
Advice: None
Pros: new products, ever changing, sponsors events

Cons: If you don't like to social and want to use logics, facts, science, that's not the place you will enjoy.
Advice: Make a better effort to understand how works are actually get done.  You will be surprised how your resources are wasted.
Pros: A great place for young and self promoted people.

Cons: Nepotism
Politics
Brands don't live up to their reputation because leadership does not know how to run a business or manage people
Talent, people management does not exist
Professionalism and common decency does not exist
No work life balance
Advice: Hire and welcome outsiders
Learn to build a culture that fosters team growth and development - it will help your revenues
Pros: Brand name for resume but don't stay too long or people will think you have a "L'Oreal" personality
Good company store
Try to find MBA talent but very hit or miss on how they are treated

Cons: too much manual work because of lack of systems.  Supply Chain is more of an analysis to MKTG and always given busy work to help their cause instead of working on biggier picture.
Advice: work life balance and promotions are small comapred to other companies.
Pros: great exposure to upper managment. You can work next to the VP and GM's everyday helping shape exectutive decisions.

Cons: Maybe getting more feedback would be helpful at some points during work, but normally when you ask for it you get it.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues are friendly, the work style is very professional, and there is a true culture of excellence. I also appreciate the talent diversity.
There's a strong culture of entrepreneurship. Individuals can really shape their own job to a certain degree.

Cons: There needs to be more work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a strong focus on talent within the organization and an individual can really grow his or her career at L'Oreal. The people are very passionate and there's a lot of opportunities learn and develop new skills. The benefits are amazing!

Cons: Workng with lay people and having to work extra hard to pick up there slack
Advice: Best manger to work with made sure eveything was going great and mske sure your comfortable and satsfied
Pros: good team work, being able to accomplish the goal for the day.

Cons: Depending on the division or managing company, some areas lack focus or guidance. At times it can feel like we are the younger insolent brother of Loreal in France.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is invested in all levels.  There is a commitment to success and the company does a very good job at communicating and executing the goals and benchmarks for positive growth.

Cons: Sadly, it seems to be a small inner circle that rises to the top. Their treatment of employees is embarrassing and I am often sad and ashamed to work for a company that treats their employees like this. It is a culture that encourages inappropriate office behavior and treatment of others.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal gives you the opportunity for upward mobility with its global network. They also employ some very talented, smart people. Generous with the number of holidays you are paid for.

Cons: Not a company I saw myself staying at for much longer than a year. This doesn't seem like a good place to build a long-term career. Sales goals were set so high that you were set up to fail.
Advice: Listen to your employees and keep them informed.
Pros: Stays on top of latest trends, decent benefits, good hours

Cons: L'Oreal is about marketing other groups are treated second class. Hours are long unless you are in admin or the mailroom. They talk about their "culture", lets be frank, it is chaos.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal provides good benefits for their Employees. There are many divisions employees can transfer into. They have a great MBA program, and nurture Marketing talent.

Cons: To many protocols in place; Makes your job robotic and you are scared of getting penalized if  everything is not follow. This results in a lack of passion in your day-to-day and disgruntled employees. 
Hierarchical and political which is to be expected of a big company.
Advice: Data management is not the focus.
Pros: Great Benefits
High Entry-Level Pay
Structured learning program

Cons: It's not a company for the timid or those that want to just skirt by, if you don't possess true initiative and tenacity, this can be one of the worst places to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for the number one beauty company in the world. Amazing experience and exposure to great talent and teams.

Cons: A lot of gossip and backstabbing to stay ahead. Not a lot of job growth just more work.
Advice: Listen to the little guys.
Pros: Great benefits, 401K plan, insurance, great discounts on products

Cons: extremely hierarchical, don't make clear/fast decisions, very competitive
Advice: trust middle managements.  take a choice and stick with it
Pros: talented work force, intuitive branding/marketing, amazing brands

Cons: Suspect training process; could help employees grow better
Advice: Things seem to be moving in the right direction, stay the course
Pros: Good work/life balance, friendly culture and work environment, actively working to improve processes

Cons: Too many meetings, very political. Extremely fast pace. Take it or leave it.
Advice: Need less internal meetings so we can get things done
Pros: Great products, great school, number one beauty company in the world.

Cons: Multiple Lay offs. Very political.
Advice: You need have have exceptional organizational skills, and be self motivated. It always great to be friendly and be open to learn from others.
Pros: Great for building relationships and networking. The salary is great.

Cons: work lif balance is a challenge and opportunities are few and far between
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the top beauty brands in the world are under the L'Oreal umbrella

Cons: Stressful and doesn't pay as well as it should.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has great people who you can learn a lot from.  Very Passionate Sales Force.

Cons: Work 12 hours a day, at minimum
Advice: Training and development is lacking
Pros: Learn how to adapt to fast pace timelines

Cons: Low salary, politically heavy, big company, international influence makes work difficult, takes months to get funding for obvious headcount loss or equipment
Advice: Develop the smart people you recruited, or stop recruiting smart people because these jobs are getting administrative every day.
Pros: Free products every 2 months.  Health benefits.

Cons: work-life balance, need to be comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, compensation is competitive, ability to move to various categories & strengthen all skills, wonderful brands in the portfolio

Cons: long hours, very intense corporate environment - extremely results oriented
Advice: more flex-time/work from home options
Pros: overall benefits are great - pension, 401k, gym discount, medical/dental, profit sharing, free goods, company paid volunteer time, etc.

Cons: Too much need for (CYA) documentation and meetings where decisions are made but often do not hold
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility for working from home and encouraging internal mobility

Cons: different departments do not interact effectively, management micro-managing styles, highly competitive
Advice: n/a
Pros: great perks, great connections/ networking, beautiful HQ, learning opportunities are immense, opened a lot of doors (career wise)

Cons: Overtime, hectic schedule, benefits can be improve
Advice: Benefits can be improve as well as promotions
Pros: Great employees, benefits and overall experience

Cons: Corporate downsizing
Innovation
Lack of management support to promote
HR not readily available or helpful
Minimal salary increases
Advice: Use resources and people that you already have
Pros: People are friendly
Benefits are great
Training is plentiful
Flexibility
Exciting industry to work in

Cons: work over time, too many meetings, the indecisive managers
Advice: less meetings
Pros: flexible, interesting, and with ownership

Cons: Reactive management, no one knows what they want but they want results yesterday. Will always drop the ball and blame you for not doing their job. Promotes favorites instead of people actually doing the work.
Advice: Before you blame someone for not doing their job, understand what their job is before you place blame.
Pros: Very hard working co-workers, flexible work hours

Cons: overworked, lack of promotional opportunities unless you have a sponsor
Advice: better increases and monetary portfolio
Pros: Learning and at times autonomy

Cons: high stress environment, senior management changes directions frequently, long hours expected, very high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, quick to promote, talented people

Cons: The company has very long hours and makes the employee work for the money
Advice: None
Pros: Fun place to work and people are amazing! Great pay accompanied with great food nearby as well

Cons: Not enough office space for employees because company is growing. That will be resolved with new location in 2015
Advice: None
Pros: People, Benefits, and plenty of opportunity domestic. P

Cons: lack of communication, micro manage, hard to get vacation approval, favoritism, the worst managers with lack  of knowledge.
Advice: hire a detective in each department to know the true color of managers and some staff who fools around all day.
Pros: free goods, best benefits, great name on resume.

Cons: Clearer direction from management would be helpful.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team environment, beautiful products and informative trainings.

Cons: to many reorgs and house cleaning
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits with Maybelline Loreal

Cons: Need better incentives, hours, pay
Advice: Hire better store managers
Pros: Customer service, working with makeup, training, fun, easy

Cons: can be long hours; aggressive environment
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of training and learning opportunities; great discounts on products

Cons: Bureacracy leads to surrender as you prolong your career
Advice: Streamline
Pros: Comprehensive benefits package is offered

Cons: Decisions can change a lot and fast, work load.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging, people, benefits, projects, products.

Cons: High pressure environment. Ever changing products.
Advice: Hire more supporting staff.
Pros: Great co workers. Ever changing products.

Cons: Too frenetic, hard to affect change, no work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Sexy job, exciting opportunities, mobility between brands, fast-paced.

Cons: demanding environment where accomplishments are rarely recognized
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, company is extremely ethical, cares about the employees

Cons: A non stop addictive machine
Advice: Do not settle for less
Pros: Sharp coworkers, driven and alert

Cons: Promotions are discretionary
HR is a mess
Politics are cannibalizing the business
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands, smart people, great perks

Cons: unrealistic deadline in a reactive mindset. management changes its mind 20 times a day. lack of resources.
Advice: advice to l'oreal: promote leaders based on their skills and experience rather than affinities.
Pros: the L'oreal benefit package and relocation if you are at a director level

Cons: Meetings for Loreal France senior management
Advice: None
Pros: Summer Fridays
Good maternity benefits

Cons: No advancement and being laid off
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for!

Cons: long hours no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good place with perks and energetic people

Cons: Frequent management Meetings make it challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Super passionate people, challenging but enriching

Cons: Long hours and last minute trips
Advice: None
Pros: Free Product and meeting new people

Cons: Distance from home to travel
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of the days of the week.

Cons: Top down company, disorganized, micro managing, arrogant.   View of beauty is very euro centric.
Advice: Stop being so top down
Pros: In New York City, pay is decent, people are ok, very gay friendly

Cons: Horrible work culture. If you are French then you will move up.
Advice: Medieval times are over. We are all human.
Pros: Free perfume, cosmetics each month.

Cons: Inefficient, complacent, arrogant, threatened by intelligence.
Advice: Learn to effectively lead people and not just rest on the ability that you can complete a task.
Pros: A paycheck for now

Cons: Terrible ego problems, no space for upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Cool projects, some great co-workers, fantastic cafeteria.

Cons: Very hierarchical 

Low- Paid, number one complaint from all the colleagues in my team of 8 people - versus other FMCG

Bad working / life balance despite all the good efforts from HR

Heavier workload in supply chain than other departments - you ll finish at 8 pm very often and later on days of monthly transmission or KPIs reporting 

No time for analysis as operational workload is so high, many SKUs to manage, reports and inefficient processes (but it gets better)

Under- staffed

Stressful working environment 

You need to be determined, persistent and fight for your rights or you will be eaten alive

Networking counts - other divisions, departments  or other subsidiaries: you need to find time to socialize and tie lies 

Change of management every 3 years as per L'oreal policy which disrupts the flow
Advice: More staff and people's rotation in order to decrease such high turnover
Pros: People are passionate about the brands, talented and friendly 

Staff sales every 2 months on all the products (about 4000 SKUs) 

Annual Incentive trip to amazing destinations 

Very good school:  processes, reporting but you need to catch fast and learn to work on stress management and priorities 

Friendly corporate culture: launch events, annual results, citizen's day, farewell etc...

Incentive to take time on working hours for social responsible activities in the community organized by the company 

Possibilities to move to another department, division or subsidiary if good ties and recommendation from your manager

Cons: -no work / life balance 
-v long hours 
-political, if you are not in the 'clique' you will not progress well in this company
-no transparency on salary bands, you have to fight for increase at every opportunity given
-if they want you to leave they make this obvious - via unwarranted capability process or just limiting your progression so you feel you have no choice but to leave
-high pressure which leads to a very stressful environment 
-large workload but small teams due to limited headcount
-meeting charters not respected, not unusual to have a meeting commence at 6pm
-there is a need to permanently cover your back by cc'ing all into e-mails or following up any phone calls with a written e-mail
-as an employee you do not feel valued, you feel replaceable
Advice: 1. Your employees are your assets- remember that.
2. GM's -you need to manage your egos.
3. Before pointing a finger of blame at an employee, look at the assets/resources they are given to do their job.
Pros: -Discounted products
-looks great on CV
-good opportunities to learn
-can move into international roles

Cons: &gt; No Handover, No Notes, No Support
&gt; HR have their heads in the clouds about the state of not only the business, but also the state of their own department.
&gt; Either non-existent or not very robust commercial controls/checks/balances
&gt; I was lied to in order to get someone to accept the role that I accepted - i should have known it would be a nightmare based on all of the experiences of colleagues and friends of mine that have either worked there or been exposed to its culture
Advice: Stop resting on your laurels, good product alone isnt going to keep L'Oreal alive - not only are you losing good talent but will find it difficult to attract and retain good talent if you dont look inwards at what you could and should fix within the business. Also need to look at the knowledge levels of people in the business that advise clients and professionals on your product - I have been made aware of numerous occasions where "Technical Support" tell people on the phone that "they are the last to know". Fix this, as Salons and professionals are moving away from your product now because you cannot support them. No Sales = No Business.
Pros: None whatsoever - this was an absolute waste of my time.

Cons: 1) 0 work-life balance (meaning you will be expected to work evenings, weekends, holidays, etc...) 
2) HR policy is as follows: a) hire new grads, b) pay them low salaries and work them 60 hour/week, c) they'll stick around anyway because they want the experience and they fell for the "OMG I work at L'Oreal how cool", d) once they've burned out or found normal paying or normal hour jobs elsewhere they'll leave, e) replace them with the next new grad, f) repeat. Different story with management though, I hear they invest in their managers.
Advice: Wow, where do I begin....
a) Hire more people! Maybe than your turnover rate won't be astronomically high! You're loosing money retraining new hires all the time anyway!
b) Pay new grads a decent salary, I know they're easily replaceable, but they're also the backbone of your organization, so invest in your non-management employees.
Pros: 1) good learning opportunity.
2) it's a well known company so it does look good on your resume, but no better or worse than any other well known company.
3) everyone is so overworked and bitter that, ironically, it makes for good conversation and lots of good laughs with the people that you work with.

Cons: Who really wants to work get overloaded with little recognition. All evaluations will tell you how great you are but you salary you remain the same for as long as they can keep it that way. All teams are always understaffed.
Advice: Get a better HR team. 
Most of the managers are really young and do not have a clue about managing.
If there is a department where every employee is working 20 extra hours for the past 10 weeks, it means that they are understaffed! No need to wait 2 years to get to this conclusion!
Make the decision process faster. I understanding it is a big company, but sometimes it is better to choose a path, even if it is not the best one rather than not choose at all.
Marketing must have freedom, but they also must know what they should do.
Operations needs processes. All freedom must have limits.
Pros: Great place to learn. L´Oréal is a company that encourages employees to do their best and be owners of their projects. I never thought that I would have so much freedom to do my work.

Cons: -Lack of direction & leadership will wear you down- be warned.
-Very strange culture across particular divisions- high focus on 'boys club' & overseas people are often bought into the country rather than promoting from within or local talent options.
-Very long hours with lack of reward or recognition for people's contribution- a lot of talk around fixing this but highly unlikely until they change the management in particular divisions. Note- summer hours don't cut it for what you actually sacrifice. 
-Do not ever expect to get a correct report- never before have experienced such a poorly run operation for a global leader.
-Poor financial controls although so much focus is on this there is little or no idea what is going on in the business.
-Living in the stone ages with technology. 
-No clear KPI's everyone has their own agenda.
-You will do things 100 times over without having clear direction on what was actually required to begin with.
-No training or education at all for employees.
-Bullying style of management.
-No team culture very divided
Advice: Read the above & listen to the feedback in the industry- this says it all.
Pros: Products are great this is the only key feature of this company

Cons: - Terrible top management. 
No guidance or assistance when you need help. But if things would go bad, you are to blame   Example: Especially in the first few months in your first job ever, you should be able to ask some questions as you are like an alien. In my case, it wasn't allowed to ask "how" questions. You could only suggest a possible set of solutions to your manager and he would choose the direction for you. How you are supposed to get to those options is a mystery. You can ask around of course but nobody would have time for you. 

-Tough, unwelcoming culture. 
Feedbacks are not constructive. If you lack a certain attribute, they'd rather change you than invest in you.
Everybody is focused on their own success. No team spirit. At least it was so in my case. A lot of people feel like outsiders.

- Long working hours
Was never a problem for me but for a lot of people I can imagine that it could be.
Advice: You really need a bit more empathy... Please investigate why the turnover rate is so high and burn out are so common.
Pros: - Great brands
- Lots of early responsibility
- Quick career advancement

Cons: Too long working hours with no OT pay
Irrational senior management who onky knows to push but no help
Only product focus-limited creativity in marketing
No idea about digital world, think onky to put official content on Internet is enough
Politics and only French or French-lovers can be promoted 
Pyramid effect-top and muddle management don't move so the junior managers keep leaving
Advice: Teach senior managers to control their temper before sending them out to push subsidiaries 
Offer more promotion opportunities or else ppl will keep leaving 
If you cancel profit sharing kits of ppl will leave 
Allow more creative matket and celebrity endorsement is not the only solution
HR is useless
Pros: International exposure 
High quality standard
Early responsibility
World profit sharing

Cons: The organization is so complex that sometimes it is difficult to make things move
No process and no methodology
The salary in France is based on a package with a fix salary and a very important "intéressement+participation" (3 to 4 months of salary per year free of charges). The problem is that the fix is in general lower than in other companies.
Advice: Please take decisions and defend them
Pros: You build your own carrier at L'Oréal
There are still new fields to explore
This is a challenging world that can build a person and his carrier
There are a lot of business represented and with some bridges if you have talents.

Cons: The inequalities between the different divisions are alot. Office staff eat on glass and overall normal plates while factory staff eat on metal plates.
 Employees working on Loreal consumer products division have extremely high benefits compared to staff working on local products(which ironically sell more).
Extremely low salaries for interns, management trainees and those on contract.
Slow decision making.
Frequent resignations.
Few career growth opportunities for locals.
Advice: You have to make things more equal in Kenya. For the company to grow, discrimmination has to stop.
Make everyone feel as if the role they play in the company is valued.
Get more locals in high up positions as they understand East Africa more, especially in sales and marketing.
Pros: No dress code.
Open door policy.

Cons: Be ready to work way more than 40hr/week.
You're just a number and they remind you every day that you can easily be replace.
Judgmental environment, people backstab each others and trash talk to get promoted
High % of depression, burn out, etc.
Advice: If someone leaves on a burn out, don't give his or her job to someone else who'se alrwady working more than 60hr per week. This person will eventually leave on a burn out too. Just hire someone on a contract to help out you employees.
Pros: Good salary and incentives
Possibility to advance within the company
Prestige of the brand
Glamorous environment

Cons: No transparency between management and lower levels and work life balance is non-existent if you want to move up the corporate ladder quickly.
Advice: If you want to retain your top talent encourage work life balance and walk the walk.  Don't ask for the sky all the time as you will burn your employees as they are the most dynamic and talented teams I have ever worked with.
Pros: If you are motivated, smart and creative you will move up fast within the company learning very quickly and gaining responsibility just as quickly.  Great place to begin you career.  Keep in mind it is probably the largest group of over achievers under one roof you will ever meet.

Cons: Company is extremely political, work needs to be constantly redone before having to be approved by all the hierarchy. Long working hours, without the feeling you are being valued for it. Good start salary but low yearly increases across the company due to poor sales performance in the last years.
Advice: Stop the old, hierarchical, "devil wears prada" style management. You need to empower your employees and value their work. Secret alliances, special treatments and irrational behavior doesn't create a healthy and productive work environment
Pros: Autonomy at work, hands-on and challenging projects. Less structures sometimes means opportunity for more ideas (not that they are always taken into account). Interesting and intelligent co-workers. Good for resume.

Cons: After the first 3 yrs. the learning curve flattens and politics takes over. High turnover of employees. Above middle management everything is about politics. Promotion and rewards are not based on performance or facts but rather politics.
Advice: Move the company towards a more performance based rewards enviroment.
Pros: Fast pace environment, work & social becomes one, competition between brands and teams is high (which is both good and bad), you get full responsibility (and accountability) from day 1. One of the best marketing schools in the Fast Moving Consumer Goods.

Cons: If you dont want to work hard and surpass yourself,  its better to choose another company. Some managers would need to update their management skills.
Advice: Listen more to younger generation and encourage collaboration and collective spirit
Pros: You can have a carreer you would never have imagined for yourself, just because HR People care about Who you really are,  and challenge you about your project even your dream. And you will meet really different people, all very smart,  différent,  unique,  and with strong personnalities

Cons: the same operations, no creativity and development, no leadership culture, values only on the paper, not structured documents, no transition, luck of synergy between department - each department work for own goal, not for common company goal
Advice: - culture - leaders should inspire, develop and coach people 
- HR should care about retention rate - a lot of quality people leave 
- more synergies between departments
- more structured and optimized processes and documents
Pros: Wide scale of operations, intensive work every day, adequate managers, fast growth and opportunities, good office, managers give responsibility

Cons: - Poor leadership - as promotions are given based on politics and not on leadership capability
- No work / life balance - expect to spend long hours in the office everyday, expect to get your plans dropped because an in prompt meeting was set, expect to ask for forgiveness if you take vacation days
- Very competitive work environment - people would do ANYTHING even ilegal things for a promotion, sharks will be waiting for an opportunity to throw you under the bus
- Salary is not great
- Very Hierarchical culture - you will not be able to make any decision in the business  
- Micro management -decisions even the easiest ones like more gold less yellow in a secondary font for a carton will take a lot of meetings until a decision is made
- Racism - expect to be discriminated based on your origin and race, employees are not treated with respect
- Huge employee turnover - at all management levels (from Brand President to Assistant Managers)
- Promotion and rewards are not based on performance or facts but rather politics.
- A lot of work under pressure - because decisions were pushed to the very last minute, you will have your manager on your neck once the decision is made to finish things off
- Little to no training (formal or informal) - you are expected to figure everything out from day one 
- Lack of IT systems-  you end up managing a really large business on excel spreadsheets
Advice: None
Pros: - Beauty business is great, you get a lot of free product and the Xmas party is glamorous. They brought Sarah Jessica Parker
- Amazing brands to work on
- You will always be busy
- You really learn the business
- Management is very knowledgeable of the business
- Attention to the minimum detail
- Very challenging projects
- Great products
- Great name in the resume

Cons: A lot of work, work more for young and without families (possible to arrange but not easy), strict and sometimes stupid procedures. Too much manager involvement sometimes, needs more trust.
Advice: More empowerement, less micro-management, more honesty and transparency, quicker decisions.
Pros: Very dynamic, good brands and products, strong corporate culture, fair treatment, all official taxation and salary (all on time), flexible work time, trainings and development for some positions. Chance to work on your own things, smart managers. Very smart colleagues.

Cons: The workload and the ryhtm is sometimes tough to handle. You have to be very resilient because the expectancies are high. The Talent culture based on the starification of individuals is sometimes annoying.
Advice: None
Pros: I've changed jobs 4 times since I started and have been given responsabilities at the very beginning of my career. 
i'm constantly challenged by my managers & am given lots of opportunities to "shine".
Great projects with the financial means to achieve great results.
The compensation package is good with great benefits.

Cons: Poor planning, you are required to waste time creating slide decks that will rarely be used.
Poor work life balance, the company thinks that you need to devote 100% of your life to work.
Bad managers. Managers are good product creators, but have poor people management skills.
Advice: None
Pros: Mobility across functions, brands and geographies.
The company is truly serious in producing high quality products, very reliable.
Young people, high energy environment.

Cons: senior management do not have a vision for the subsidiary. The attitude is laid back and every below the senior management define the rules of work according to their likes. A lot of internal politics is disintegrating the strong bonding between the teams.
Advice: Change focus to make it a healthy organization, promote and growth talents.
Pros: good ambiance and workplace. Nice place to explore your self and stretch your expertise.

Cons: Worst work life balance. 9 - 5 job? I've never done those hours the whole time I've been there. You will be there until 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or even midnight. And even then you will go home and work more. Those hours are expected. Even if you leave at 6, it will be noticed and asked why you are leaving early. Meetings are regularly scheduled after 'work' hours. Say goodbye to having dinner with friends and family. Say goodbye to your life.  

Worst culture. A boys club. Yes in a beauty company. It's as if as a female you have no opinion, your ideas are wrong, you are looked down on. 

Worst planning. Everything was due yesterday. No concept of prioritising. Everything is now, now, now. There's no planning out beyond the current season. It's reactive, not proactive. 

Worst development. Zero focus on development plans or training. You will be promised it but it will never happen. You won't get any feedback on your performance until the end of year review. And trust me, shocks will hit you in the face at your review. I've seen barely any promotions unless you are well liked, not if the person is ready. 

Worst turnover. Rumoured to be 75%. I think it's higher. It's a never ending revolving door. No stability. No getting to know your team. Constant upheaval. 

Worst hiring of local talent. A lot of talent is brought in from international locations. I wouldn't call them talent really. I regularly see international people here to work in Australia hired over locals and L'Oreal getting these people visas. 

Worst management. No clear direction. No vision. No sharing of objectives and results. No team activities. Any managers that allow all these things to happen are not worth working for.

Worst place to work. Don't do it. You think you will be working for a big company with great brands. You will regret it. Trust me. You will want to walk out constantly. Trust me.
Advice: Test others how you want to be treated. Treat your employees like humans. Offer encouragement and advice. Celebrate wins. Be human.
Pros: Big company that looks good on your resume. Only because it is a well known fact that if you can last a year at L'Oreal you can do anything.

Cons: Highly french environment, and not foreigner friendly. Limited growth opportunities for minorities nationalities. 
Evaluation process is unclear and skewed, performance is very relationship based but not actual output based.
Advice: Be more open minded and transparent. 
More results driven with clear KPI.
Pros: There is a lot of opportunities to young people no matter you are gay, transsexual, different origins.
There is also a lot of movements between different brands and sometimes between divisions.

Cons: Horrible work/life balance - you will feel guilty leaving before 6-7pm
Overtime is expected
Little to no support or training from company or managers
You are expected to "figure it out" on your own
People willing to throw you under the bus
Inefficient processes
Lack of accountability
DISORGANIZED - everything is last minute causing immense pressure and stress on everyone
Lack of communication
Lack of headcount - everyone is doing two jobs causing disorganization/stress
Advice: Treat employees with more respect
Set realistic expectations
Set realistic KPI's and have regular conversations regarding current/upcoming projects
More open communication
Pros: Brand name, great for CV advancement
Free products
Young work culture - after work drinks/team bonding

Cons: Can be chaotic.  Atmosphere in the countries is very good but leadership can be very French and emotional.  Blaming people rather than helping with answers.
Advice: 
Pros: Fantastic people, really fun and brilliant, great socialising.  Good people get rewarded and fast-tracked.  Glamorous job, people will always want to talk about it.  Opportunities for international careers.

Cons: very long and intense hours. If you can't cope with stress, better work somewhere else! no life and work balance.
Advice: More organisation and less madeness
Pros: Great people, a lot of energy, creativity everywhere. You work very hard but you laugh  a lot as well. I learned a lot, worked with a brilliant woman. I loved every second of it!

Cons: Management issues - problems cannot be addressed as employee privacy not taken seriously. Incompetent people at certain top brand position, hindering growth of brands. Doesn't appreciate it's people.
Advice: Allow staff to rate brand managers (appraisals for all - top and bottom). Tie in staff turnover to BM's KPI.
Pros: Good brands, you meet some good people. Good if you don't mind doing a lot outside of what is required.

Cons: The office culture follows informal rules and networking,  rather than processes. As we grow bigger, we should follow simple processes, so as to make our working lives easier.
Advice: Ideally, to be less hierachical.
Pros: The excellent quality of our colleagues, people with strong ethical principles and a passion for their work. A strong sense of beauty, a real attention to detail,  a school for marketing!

Cons: Senior Management make all the decisions and quick to dismiss other viewpoints. 

Yet indecisive management means we need to adapt to constantly changing objectives.

Lots of reliance on interns and grads who have worked their way up and adopted company values but lack best practice experience.

Very inefficient ways of working. Too much time spent in meetings which add little value. Lack business strategy and direction. Lots of unnecessary high level roles cause confusion as unsure who needs to be involved and they are not required to create business strategies. 

Contrasting opinions of senior management with unclear briefs given resulting in many insignificant changes forced on by managers.

Very frustrating to work with slow paced decision makers. Difficult and embarrassing to communicate with cusomers. Constantly wasting time.

There is a lack of people management skills. Some managers lack self awareness and the impact their behaviour causes on others.

I have witnessed and experienced bullying here by Senior Managers who try to make you fit the mould. This issue is not tackled but ignored. This has led to my departure without an exit interview.

Turnover is exceptionally high at at least 70% but there it has become a joke rather than addresses.

Systems are very out of date. Many do not have access to work from home so have to come into the office at weekends.

Lots of wasted money in the wrong areas yet not enough spent to motivate their people. Lots of out of pocket expenses when travelling.
Advice: Review business structure and ensure you have the correct people managers in place which can drive strategies without abusing their power of authority.

Feedback is 2 way and should be engaged across all levels of the business to get the best result first time.

Provide people management training. Tackle bullying head on. Managers are not motivating their teams and fuelling constant churn of employees. How you treat others is a reflection of yourself and the business.
Pros: Working with Innovative, international brands makes the sell much easier.
Also easy to get passionate about the products.
Generous discounts and samples.
Looks great on your resume.
Regular intake of grads and interns.
Lots of internal promotions particularly in Marketing.

Cons: Hard work !  Intensive pace - regular  new launches. You arrive at certain level of management and you can't grow  (at least in Eastern Europe).
Advice: Give the  possibility of managers to  grow.
Pros: Great company to work . Organization is flat. Really company where you can learn a lot. Good compensation package.
Excellent products. Great marketing !!!

Cons: chaos, very political, very low salaries in Warsaw, high rotation
Advice: try to keep best people in the company, it's really worth it. then you wouldn't have to buy them back again for a lot more after a couple of years
Pros: lots of independence right from the start, glamorous, global brands and big marketing budgets, quick progression possibilities

Cons: -very hierarchical, political & old fashioned culture, no flexibility in working hours, not sufficient working equipment (laptop & cellphone), low salaries for junior staff
Advice: The company must change in order to attract the best talents.
Pros: -great people, fast paced environment - you won't get bored, a lot of responsibility from the day one

Cons: Lots of stress and harsh environment. You have to earn and maintain your position daily.
This requieres a lot of energy.
Advice: None
Pros: people are passionate about their jobs, and strive for better results. Changing jobs within the structure is also quite easy and happens every 1-2 years. 
Lots of opportunities if you work hard, and superior salary than other similar jobs

Cons: In order to succeed you have to give up your personal life. 
Company has a lot of useless and time consuming procedures.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a big company were you can have professional development not only on one segment/ channel or department. In L'Oreal you can pass form commercial to logistics and even to human resources.

Cons: work-life balance is a disaster
uninteresting marketing on local level (adaptations only, launch execution routine)
too french, top management french only
Advice: Play more local, not only HQ top management can do business
Pros: nice products (fashion & beauty)
possibilities to move to HQ pretty quickly
major market player - good for CV

Cons: Very Long Hours
Politics level - close to unbearable 
No focus on excellence
People are fired without any plausible reason or fake reasons
Advice: Treat people as people, not as numbers...
Pros: Good Pay
Nice Colleagues
Many opportunities of growth

Cons: lack of structured approach, unclear career progression factors, very political company, intense workload
Advice: improve vision and long term strategy, innovate and take more risks, grow on digital
Pros: very young workforce, great variety of projects, career opportunity, diversity. amazing products and brands.

Cons: No work life balance. Extremely overworked. Extremely political and ultra competitive environment. No recognition for hard work. No system and disorganized. Too many meetings.
Advice: No advice. They don't listen.
Pros: Very dynamic and fast-paced. Great brands with superb R & D. Passionate people.

Cons: Very stressful, long hours, hypocrite people
Advice: Invest in your interns, teach them, involve them, become their mentor
Pros: free products, you learn a lot and the company invest in your personal development. You can also grow very fast within the company if you are good at your job.

Cons: Lack of salary grades and compensation policies and development policies . Clear way to achieve next levels Nd evaluatuation process . Relationship based
Advice: The value  or the culture is more important than the results
Pros: Ownership and freedow to delivery results. Spend high energy to achieve results and negotiate internally

Cons: - Competitive work environment
- No life-work balance. You work a lot
- Human Resources are extremely disorganized
- Salary is not great
Advice: None
Pros: - Beauty business is phenomenal
- Lot's of responsibility 
- You really feel your ideas / decisions have an impact on the business
- Excellent school. You learn a lot

Cons: I enjoy my work a lot but sumtimes v have to stand for hole day without having any thing
Advice: Give freedom of work.
Pros: I breaf about products of our company to the staf of a salon and also thear fought.

Cons: Long working hours, high pressure and very little support for new starters
Advice: None
Pros: If you interested in learning something new -  this is the best place with a lot of opportunities.

Cons: Disorganized, buroecratic, terrible work&life balance. HR is almost not present.
Advice: They have to try harder to understand who the talented people are and make them happy
Pros: You make your position, great opportunities for leadership, amazing products and best practices

Cons: - Reactive Organization
- Non-innovative
- Highly unorganized
- Horrific work-life balance
- Horrific pay
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Team
- Free Products (and generous allowance)
- Lots of exposure to difference elements of the business
- Young Vibrant Work space
- Invitations to a lot of cool events.

Cons: Feedback, senior management is very distant from country management, goals are driven by finance and not by circumstance
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best companies to be a creative person, you always have the chance to dream and fulfill

Cons: Long working hour
Salary below CPG average
Too many meetings
Plans changed in the last minute
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with a lot of talented young people
Worked with lots of innovation products
A firm that leads cosmetic market
Fast paced working environment 
Discount on the brand name products

Cons: no work-life balance, low recognition for hard work, salaries below average
Advice: think about the employee turnover
Pros: extremly fast-paced, great opportunity to grow, difficult and challenging tasks, possibiity to make your ideas happen, international environment, lots of free cosmetics

Cons: Long Working Hours
Little Work Life Balance
Advice: Allow to speak english in meetings instead of french
Pros: You learn to work under a lot of pressure
You learn to mutlitask
You become a real Marketing and Consumer Insight Expert

Cons: Low pay vs. competitors, high stress, long hours
Advice: Increase salaries or add in role bonuses.
Pros: Great people, young and fast paced environment, room for quick progression. Good work and initiative are really valued

Cons: Politics play a role in career advancement
A company that demands much from employees, but gives relatively little back
Advice: Create a more transparent work path.
Pros: Great co-workers
Young and dynamic environment
Strong brands

Cons: More than ten hours of work per day.
Advice: None
Pros: You are learning everyday something different, you are in touch with very interesting and intelligent people. The possibility of grow up in the company is real.

Cons: FMCG environment is fast paced. Beauty industry can be 'superficial'
Advice: More training opportunities and regional exposure needed
Pros: Company gives relatively big responsibilities even to fresh grads. Good attempts at work life balance with flexi hours implemented.

Cons: Superficial industry and people, lack of mentorship and guidance, high turnover rate, brands and profit first not people
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands, fast paced environment, thriving work culture, passionate people, opportunities to move around within the company

Cons: - must like beauty/cosmetics to stay long
- lots of politics
- some over-aggressive/over-confident people
Advice: None
Pros: - high-class company
- many responsibilities from the start
- business trips to all levels
- institutionalized trainings

Cons: Limited career opportunities. A typical strict multinational company
Advice: Employees are not numbers! They are personalities
Pros: Large amount of knowledge, expanding the capacity of workers and establishing principles and bases for all subsequent work.

Cons: A little too hierarchical for my liking and you really need to be a French national to succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, fast moving, young, fresh culture and forward thinking

Cons: People, work life balance, classism (stagiare are considered less than humans). General falsity.
Advice: Pay more your best employer
Pros: The university of marketing. Learn best you can and go far away.

Cons: Long hours with no overtime payments
Advice: Pay overtime or hire an extra personnel
Pros: Discounted products, great friendly colleagues

Cons: TO have a bigger Market share versus the competitors.
Advice: covering the Market over all categories.
Pros: A Multinational company that hold a big Market share.

Cons: Very messed HR system that your performance is really mouth talk.
Advice: None
Pros: it's a good start for fresh gruaduaer where they give you max to work

Cons: Can't see any cons. Everything was great!
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture and ethics politics, interesting challenges and projects, friendly staff

Cons: Not so awesome people to work with
Little prospects for advancement (Small company)
No people development / trainings
Advice: Invest more in people development
Pros: Business is skyrocketing
New CEO in place

Cons: Poor management. If you´re not good friends with your manager, you won't get promoted
Advice: Get some people skills
Pros: Steep learning curve, and a lot of
Young people

Cons: - low salary comparing to other FMCG companies
- too much bureaucracy
- long working hours
Advice: Encrease salaries
Pros: - getting diversed expirienced
- working atmosphere
- career growth

Cons: Unprofessional senior man com frequently shout and can be verbally abusive in meetings

Totally unstructured and haphazard method of doing business

Poor relationship between sales and marketing functions 

Micro managed by managers who are entirely autocratic
Advice: Weed out the mediocrity and arrogance from the team.
Pros: Great brands

Exciting product launches

Casual work wear vs. Other fmcg companies

Cons: sometimes it is too big to manage
Advice: make more meetings to introduce the company structure
Pros: It is a very international place to work at

Cons: income not directly related to job duties. growth is not clear.
Advice: Must develop more young talent to take over managerial positions sooner.
Pros: young atmosphere, dynamic, responsible from day 1.

Cons: You can end up working long hours during month-end periods
Advice: Be more considerate about career growth of subordinates
Pros: Work environment is great, flexible timings, good compensation

Cons: the people can do whatever they want so everything turns to "that is not my responsability"
Advice: None
Pros: new office, multifunctional structure, multicultural company

Cons: lack of standards,  training process and carrer path plans
Advice: Focus on carrer plan for employees
Pros: # 1 cosmetic industry
freedom to execute and implement

Cons: too much overtime work, people sometimes are aggressive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, fast growing company
