Cons: Things are constantly changing. If you are going to work for a company that has stayed relevant and always topped the industry in innovation, you need to be comfortable with this. At times, it can be frustrating to work on an initiative to have it scrapped because of different initiatives, but it is part of the big picture with L'Oreal.
Advice: Continue to value hard work and strong principles. Look at a better compensation structure that is not solely focused around previous compensation and rather the requirements of the role and where the role fits in relation to other roles and compensation structures.
Pros: The organization really values your touch bases and check ins with your progress. You can truly own your destiny. I started out as an assistant store manager in a small retail division and am now, 5 years later, working my way onto a corporate management role with our Professional Products Division. Work hard, be a good person, and own your progress... It's all part of the entrepreneurial spirit of L'Oreal.

Cons: - workload can be very significant at times (while always interesting)
- As any large organization, you have to learn how to work in a matrix environment (the many layers in place can be intimidating at first - nothing unmanageable)
Advice: - Continue to simplify the too many organization layers. 
- Continue the good work on the innovation side, remaining the leader in the beauty industry. Amazing corporation and talents, attracted by the culture and the power/image of the Brands.
Pros: - Large pool of Industry best talents make it a great place to learn and to challenge yourself
- Passion, leadership are valued and recognized
- Your career is in your hands, and depends on your ability to propose and drive change
- potential to move between the large portfolio of Brands and Functions
- Best managers, who are continuously looking at optimizing the organization structure, benchmarking the corporation against the competition, and promoting innovation (multiple awards are in place to promote innovation)
- I believe that you either move up, and stay within the corporation, or you are out. The culture is very competitive, aka no room for average performers. This is a strong plus in my opinion.

Cons: - Abusive and manipulative behavior by management tolerated here; culture encourages people to look the other way or make excuses. 
- Can be an intense, competitive environment
- Customary to work late  
- Meeting-centric culture so no one gets anything done unless you put in late nights
Advice: Ideally you luck out and land on a small team with a nice boss, otherwise, good luck. Once you get L'Oreal on your resume you are set to move onto greater things so just hang in there for a year, stock up on half off beauty products and find another place where there arent quite so many narcissists in managerial positions who feel most powerful when trying to make you feel small.
Pros: - Lots of free/reduced price beauty products
- Opportunity to stretch yourself and build new skills (so much freedom!)
- Summer Fridays 
_ Beautiful new office
- L'Oreal takes care of its employees

Cons: I really can't think of major cons to working here! If you do a good job, you will be taken care of. If you always complain, you won't help yourself. Yes sometimes it's late days but not always and you need to be responsible for managing your life. Make the most of your time at work so that you can leave at a good time. This is possible here provided you have a good relationship with your management and you get stuff done. Remember people don't leave companies, they leave managers.
Advice: Supportive and attentive management makes all the difference in a job day to day. Make sure the right people are leading teams and developing talent.
Pros: - exciting industry leader
- fast paced projects
- free product
- great healthcare benefits
- flexible work environment (depends on your work role and management)
- many advancement opportunities and the ability to rotate to new functions/teams

Cons: very "French" culture, tests your limits in a sink or swim type of environment.  Constantly put on the spot to see how you will conduct yourself.  EXTREMELY long hours.  salary seems competitive, until you divide that by number of hours clocked in each week.  high turnover rate = very little team stability. you're constantly adapting to new team members, reporting to new bosses, etc.  You're identified early on as a rising star, a failure, or middle of the road.  If you're deemed middle of the road, you're internally dismissed.  good luck getting any love or support from the executive team or HR.
Advice: None
Pros: incredibly fast paced environment. so much to work on that you'll never be bored. you're working with some of the smartest, most ambitious, highly capable and creative people in the industry.  a lot of ownership of your launches, opportunities to present your ideas and concepts.  great place to network and establish relationships beyond l'oreal.

Cons: New manager director every year, expectations are not feasible, horrible if any pay raise, very low bonus, horrendous plant manager that walks by every team member ignoring them and not saying hi, good morning etc.. Upper Management has their priorities all wrong.. Micromanage to the highest level. Most if not all supervisors are miserable there. Supervisors get trapped in the loreal Web finding excuses why they should stay even at incredibly low wages while being treated poorly. Most management very young with absolutely no people skills and experience. Unfortunately  people have a very hard time dealing with change even under these conditions. It took me years before I tore off the web.The culture is horrible and management makes it that way.
Advice: You have a very long way to go. Just look at the morale of the workforce. This all happened because of upper management. There is a reason people are dropping like flies.
Pros: Benefits, Still offer a pension, the union workforce (non-management) Experience of manufacturing and lean manufacturing

Cons: The politics and posturing is suffocating.  Too often that leaves people who are incompetent in positions of power and influence that are in way over their heads.  And the good ones get left behind and have to suffer in the meantime.  Creativity gets stifled.  Dubious subjectivity drives personnel decision-making.  If you're an employee, HR is not to be trusted.
Advice: Culture is pervasive and not easily changed. Be more objective in your assessment and don't just take care of "your friends."  Embrace all kinds of diversity of thought and background.
Pros: A very good learning experience especially if you are at the beginning of your career.  Will have to be prepared to deal with the downsides to get the benefits.  There are pockets of good teamwork.

Cons: The hours can be very long, and the intensity is never-ending.  After a long time at the company, I needed a break, but I know they'd hire me back if I wanted to go back.  It's still a very male-dominated company, even though there are females in upper-management.
Advice: None
Pros: Because it's a French company, L'Oreal USA gives out better benefits than a lot of other US companies, including a few weeks of paternal leave, and 13 holidays a year, which are not part of your vacation/sick pay.  You can have frank discussions - arguing (not fighting) is acceptable because its your job to work towards the best direction for the company.  Free makeup/skincare is a great perk

Cons: A hard environment to work in, very fast pace, very competitive, and very little training.  The industry is tough and during financial hardships and high pressure the stress roles downhill quickly.
Advice: Support your employees and listen to their career goals.  The industry is tough and the pressure is high but remember work should still be fun and even though it is high stress try to remember that working for the number 1 beauty company should still be fun!
Pros: The best training you will ever get, they set you up for success for the rest of your life.  You need to think quickly work hard but you will be rewarded.  MGE has career paths and management will work wit you and support you if you are good and speak up.

Cons: No work life balance, very long hours that are completely unnecessary. Unbelievable lack of organization for a company its size. Upper management try to micro manage everything and take too much direction from France. Environment is not flexible and the 'work from home days' are a myth, not good if you have children. Marketing driven company with non marketing division ignored. You need to get in with the 'popular' crowd to be noticed, rather than for your hard work.
Advice: Innovation and creativity should drive the company. Appreciate those who work hard in the lower positions and you will stop losing the good people to the competitors.
Pros: Good salary, healthcare and free products. You will gain experience quickly and there is room to move up the ladder. Great place to learn.

Cons: Upper management never comes on the floor to observe what truly goes on the packaging floor. HR management only seems to favor friends or don't advertise openings so that certain people can get the job. New HR people don't seem to care about all shifts. It's all about dayshift. Too much favoritism when it comes to people that advance to new positions or get recognized for doing something good.
New raise evaluations are impossible to meet now. So don't expect a raise or much of one.
Advice: Team Leads, Cell Managers and up need to take classes and work on their social skills in how to talk to people and handle issues with their employees. Just because people are over other people doesn't mean they should get to do whatever they want and not hold themselves accountable for the same things they get on to the people underneath them.
Pros: Decent pay, great benefits, great co-workers

Cons: Management could care less about employees - especially the ones they see as "disposable".  Could care less if their Customer Service Department is happy because they can always get more CSR's (in their opinion).  I was a temp but was promised they hire on after 3 months.  That came and passed, was told there was a hiring freeze but they'd hire in another 3 months.  I was told that I was first on the list and I was still there in 3 months, I'd have the job - guaranteed.  3 months later I was told the exact same thing.  Hiring freeze for 3 months, but for sure I'd be hired in 3 months...  After more than a year and a half of promises, I left.
Advice: Stand by your promises.  Treat all your employees fairly.  No one likes a company who jerks around the "little men" on the totem pole.
Pros: Co-workers were nice - although not very proactive. Tend to do things a certain way because that's the way they always have done it.

Cons: It's too French. You only get promoted if you're in the "club" and have networked perfectly if you're American. Leadership is non-existent. Nothing is good enough, and expectations set are unrealistic. You are treated as a commodity if your title is below Director.
Advice: Stop treating your people like they are expendable. Remove the terrible French management and run the Purchasing Department with real leadership. Promote those who deserve it, not just the French employees, and remember it's L'OREAL USA, not Paris.
Pros: You get free goods and have a decent level of autonomy. If you have a good manager, which is hard to come by, you can do great things and are protected from the negative attitudes of never being good enough. But that just means your manager is most likely taking the hit instead of you. The divisions are better to work for out of the corp. supply chain office.

Cons: A lot of stress 
Very little "caring" between employees
Work comes before collegues always
Stressful atmosphere due to the competition between everybody
Heavy workload and few people to do it in the communications and public relations team
Communications team should be more integrated with marketing teams
Management is not always supportive
They work you to the ground and not great work life balance.
Advice: Make it more about the people than about the money.
Of course, money is important in a business, but if you focus on the people and make sure that they work very hard but in a sweet atmosphere, they will give even better results.
Pros: Very well organized teams with a very firm schedule every day
Clear vision of what should be done for the day
Great discounts regarding L'Oreal products
A lot of responsibilities during the day
Very few "i don't know what to do" moment
You will be rewarded if you perform outstanding results
Great atmosphere and collaborative team.
Amazing products to work with
High energy
Great education programs developed internally

Cons: Low compensation for long hours worked. Expectations in a field position to use your own personal resources and space (storing collateral and supplies to use and deliver on call cycles in your personal space) Low travel and expense compensation causes you to have to basically pay out of pocket to show up for work. Went from a $550 travel and expense disbursement to less than $50 in one month, with no notice. I was left to cover expenses for parking, maintenance, gas etc. that I would have never incurred otherwise, had I not been working for the company.
Advice: Compensate employees for added expenses, especially in markets where the cost of living is very high. Don't hire talent under one travel and expense policy and change it 60 days later.
Pros: Excellent benefits. Health insurance, 401k, employee concierge services, discounts on health clubs and life necessities.

Cons: They do not do retention well or seem to value their loyal employees.  Those from the outside are given better treatment and titles than those who are trying to come up within the company.  The environment is hyper political and they play favorites.
Advice: Show your loyal employees you value them by promoting and giving opportunities to people who have been in the company over hiring from the outside.  Make sure the levels on teams make sense and are clearly defined.  Lots of teams have people doing the same work but have very different titles.
Pros: The brands are great, there are a lot of resources since it is a large company.

Cons: Work/Life balance does not exist.  Low salary which is why many young (and older) individuals leave.  Also, promises of promotions rarely come true unless you work for the RIGHT person!
Advice: Raise the pay scale, offer one day minimum per week to work at home (instead of twice a MONTH).
Pros: Lots of knowledge acquired while working here but I have seen many young people walk once they have the experience under their belt and the L'Oreal name on their resume.

Cons: The workload at the end of each month was rediiclous. work short hours all month. then the end of the month comes WE GOTTA MEAT ARE  QUOTA for the month. why not just plan ahead and work a few 9 or 10 hour days once a week instead of mandatory 12 hours all week.
Advice: None
Pros: enjoyed the people that I worked with on a daily basis. I also enjoyed working on my on  projects a as well as in a group setting. The management team was nice to work for.

Cons: Pay is very low for the work/effort displayed by office employees 
Yearly pay raise structure is very, very minimal and at times can be very frustrating.
Advice: Work on a better compensation strategy
I love, love my job & working for Loreal but the pay & raise structure makes getting a second job a strong possibility. I may not be able to afford the job that I love & that's disappointing.
Pros: Excellent corporate values
Strong benefits package
Great atmosphere 
Great managers

Cons: Countless late breaking changes, seemingly weeks before products are supposed to launch. Unrealistic expectations for sales, SKU, space goals.  Many, many layers of management giving contradictory direction...execution, as a result, is quite difficult.
Advice: Eliminate a layer of management.  We don't need VPs reporting to VPs reporting to SVPs reporting to two layers of presidents.  

Stick with timelines on product development. 

Keep the expectations once these changes are made, but not before.
Pros: Lots of innovation, huge marketing spend behind new product launches...lots of ammo for sell-in.

Cons: If you are want to retire with the company: make sure that you have a masters, continue your education, and continue to move around through brands within the company.  Stay inside in the NY office.  You will live your job, but if you can manage to survive the benefits when you retire are amazing.
Advice: Talent, dedication and commitment should be rewarded. The french culture is very unique, but only Sr. Management is exposed, however the negativity tends to filter to the field.
Pros: L'Oreal is an amazing company.

Cons: Expect to work long hours. The working environment is very stressful. They preach core values but do not live what they preach. Upper management is the worst for culture and morale.
Advice: This goes for plant management in Florence, KY. Practice what you preach. You are the biggest problem with the organization. You paint a false picture of the plant and culture to those above and below you.
Pros: Good benefits, opportunity to learn and perform different job positions. Opportunity to transfer to many locations around the world to fill open positions.

Cons: Horrible culture. My manager would almost always use inappropriate language during meetings, was rude and had impossible expectations. Would usually take out frustrations on me. 

Culture was very French, and not knowing French/having an understanding of how the culture/its hierarchies work was a disadvantage.
Advice: Hire more people and spend more money on resources....too much work and too little time. And stop caring so much about appearance.
Pros: Challenging, Fast-paced, Great exposure to management, and you are Entrusted with lots of Responsibilities

Cons: Because I am the go to person and work with various groups to find root causes to the complaints, I am pulled into various other projects. To me, it is very important to prioritize my work and make sure nothing is neglected. However, I love helping out my co-workers in coming to conclusions or meeting set goals.
Advice: None
Pros: In my position, there is high visibility and I interact with various groups (both internal and external) in tackling complaints. I am involved with both packaging and bulk related complaints, which makes my skill set very unique at the company.

Cons: - Work-life balance is extremely difficult
- Internal politics dissuade transparency
- Not many diversity networks to tap into
Advice: - Management recognizes that work-life balance is a challenge and they are actively trying to manage it. Advice would be to continue your efforts and hold managers accountable for prioritizing work-life balance.
Pros: - Iconic brands
- Original thinking is valued
- Surprisingly low level of bureaucracy
- Culture of merit-based career advancement
- Opportunity to work anywhere in the world and lots of cross-functional opportunities

Cons: I would give this review a 0 if I could. Unfortunately this is a very unorganized company with little to be optimistic about. There is a serious lack of strategy, professionalism, trust and strong leadership. This is a blame heavy organization that is staggered by indecision at top levels.  

Interns work endlessly but the lack of focus at decision maker levels has resulted in very few transitions to full-time work.
Advice: Focus more on development and less on favoritism.  I hope that things will improve for the people who are still here.
Pros: The company is located next to a park. There are a lot of smarts managers in the organization and the intern talent that has come through has been wonderful.

Cons: Leadership is aimless, frequently changing direction late in the game and causing unnecessary scrambling. Leaders encourage employees to falsify data in order to put a positive spin on failures, when sharing with L'Oreal leaders.  Lack of transparency to the point of lying to employees. Transplants from other L'Oreal brands are just biding their time in order to transfer to another brand. Very toxic culture. Little growth opportunity within Clarisonic.
Advice: Be transparent. Don't encourage coverups. Do not make promises to your teams that you cannot keep. Balance benefits and perks between US and International teams.
Pros: L'Oreal benefits, decent pay, parking is free, some ability to move to other L'Oreal brands if willing to leave Washington (to NY, NJ, CA, France)

Cons: By far the worst company I've worked for in my career.  Morale is horrible and has only gotten worse.  Senior management is a revolving door and has no vision for the company.  Those that came from other L'Oreal brands only did it to get promoted-just doing their 18 month tour of duty.  HR is non existent.  Long commute from Seattle with traffic.
Advice: Get a vision before this place implodes.  Be committed, don't just give lip service.  Stop the lies.  Try to actually care about your employees before we all quit.
Pros: Free products, opportunity to move within L'Oreal, vacation/PTO is fair.  Summer hours are a welcome surprise to take advantage of.

Cons: Too many meetings, no work/life balance, they have a hard time retaining staff, especially seasoned, experienced people. Analysis paralysis at times, tough on agencies.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal is the #1 beauty company in the world. The team works hard and depending on the position, you will be exposed to a lot. Very data & analysis driven.

Cons: So grand, you can easily get lost in the crowd.
Advice: It be great to show stronger efforts in employee's growth. It's one thing to create year end reviews and discuss. It shows more to the employee that moves are made - it reflects highly of the employer than they are doing something.
Pros: You get great exposure to a successful mass marketing company. Internationally recognized, any partnership you get will work for the best in your career.

Cons: The expectation at Loreal is that you are always prepared and ready to "fight" for your opinion. This is something to learn from and emulate, but at times, the work can feel combative as ideas are often laced with emotion given the nature of the work.
Advice: None
Pros: The company invests heavily in personal career development and growth within. The diversity of talent, creativity, and experience makes L'Oreal an always interesting and engaging place to create and develop.

Cons: Long hours, rude behavior is common and considered normal, poor health benefits, major politics, little growth, HR generally isn't very helpful, certain departments are very clique-y
Advice: Just be nice - no one wants to work with a bunch of bullies always out to get each other
Pros: Great company store discount and Summer Friday's

Cons: I was a contractor, therefore during holidays, parties and other common gatherings wasn't allowed to participate in any events. Although, it's understandable that since a contractor is not an employee and doesn't get any benefits, management can create something not to separate workers during sociable events
Advice: None
Pros: Was my first job after college. Managers and colleagues will train and teach you despite the fact that you are not really a L'Oreal employee. Company store has plenty of nice discounted stuff.

Cons: Working there really had no cons. Except breaks are short and sometimes you had to go on break alone. That kind of sucks if you like to socialize.
Advice: Try to keep a friendly and fun work environment and you will get much more from your employees. You get more bees with honey than vinegar.
Pros: Nice people and pretty good pay. very Easy to move up the ladder if your hardworking and enthusiastic. Good vacation packages and company store benefits.

Cons: Everything else unfortunately. Brand changes direction without thinking about consequences. Management is a revolving door including SR leaders and those in my position. Sales goals are unattainable since there is no customer support. Lack of resources, training and exclusivity.  Lots of scrambling and hardly any execution fixes the internal issues.
Advice: Complete overhaul of internal practices, new HR that is focused on employee moral, new leaders that fulfill a vision to see it through and not be fired or quit within a year.
Pros: Good Discounts with L'Oreal brands, somewhat flexible schedule, benefits. That's about it, though L'Oreal buying out Clarisonic would provide more support but it's even more messed up.

Cons: Communication from corporate to field executive need better systems in place to insure employees are able to take their vacation time,
Advice: Appreciate your field account executives who work tirelessly to achieve your objectives and sales goals.  Product testers received by the thousands should not be sent to AE!  It takes too much valuable time.
Pros: Car benefits competitive salary, free products, great sales meetings, profit sharing all the necessary tools needed to do function at the job.

Cons: Constant change in upper corporate management. Lots of interns working positions.that should be done by a trained individual. Changes made at store level as well, but for the good. It's retail you do work nights and weekends .. so this may be a con for some people. No real room to grow unless you take a position with retail brand
Advice: Upper management keep hearing you store managers voice.
Pros: Great benefits, Lots of perks, Able to have some sort of work life balance, competent upper management, Love working with makeup and skin care everyday . You drive your own business very little micro managing.

Cons: No recognition for hard work.  Favoritism over merit.  No work life balance.  Profit driven - regardless if it creates inefficiencies in process.
Advice: Take care of your team - they make you look good.  Develop your team so they can grow and contribute.
Pros: Experience at L'Oreal looks good on a resume.  You can succeed any other employer after working at L'Oreal.  Good Benefits.

Cons: "You're never bored" is at the price of an increasing level of complexity 
So many Changes can be overwhelming and affect work/Life balance
Advice: Focus on people, people, people
They are the best asset of L'Oreal
Pros: Very dynamic environment 
Great benefit package
Deep and real corporate Sustainability strategy 
High level of empowerment, you can definitively put new ideas on the table and activate L'Oreal network to make it happen

Cons: 60 hour work weeks - you spend your days in meetings and are expected to work late nights, weekends, holidays, and vacations to get everything done.
Advice: I was told this year that one of my projects was one of the most strategically important initiatives of the company but yet I only received a 2% increase?
Pros: Faced paced, energetic, learning environment

Cons: Work-life balance is always challenged, they'll take as much as you give. Pay isn't competitive. Meeting-centric work style. High turnover.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are some of the best you can work with. Something new every day, never a dull moment. Young environment, lots of new hires

Cons: You don't get to sit in many of larger meetings
There is definitely a culture clash at L'Oréal - between French and American culture. 
There is also a big fear culture and as a result not that much flexible hierarchy and a lack of communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic work environment
A lot of hands on work and you really get to understand both marketing and product development
It is challenging and very interesting

Cons: French management style still lingers in the air (authoritarian and demanding) but slowly starting to change with implementation of SMART. There needs to be more awareness of bad working behaviors and they need to be called out without fear of retribution.
Advice: None
Pros: #1 beauty company 
Fast paced, there are opportunities to move and grow
Great benefits package
Great employee perks
Mobility exposure

Cons: Depending on which brand you are working for, there are definitely the favorites which often get the best jobs. This is why networking is so key to making sure that you have advocates to help get to your next role.
Advice: None
Pros: You have the opportunity to drive your career. With all the different brands owned by L'Oreal, you can easily network and gain opportunities into different roles.

Cons: Works you like a dog without any compasion for personal family life nor do they care to think differently. Never gives a real salary increase and will always say that the company is in a deficit.
Advice: Treat employees with respect and they will work herder for you.
Pros: #1 color company in the world and most innovative proffesional hair care products

Cons: - No work/life balance
- Will work during weekends and vacation
- High pressure, cut-throat work environment
- No team collaboration
- Confined to either an analytical or customer marketing position
Advice: None
Pros: - Great exposure to cosmetic industry
- Good health insurance
- Many training courses
- Great discount and stipend on all products including premium brands

Cons: Long hours, terrible pay, hot warehouse, the floors are so hard you'll get knee and feet pain. This job is not for people who struggle with a disability. They say the breaks are 15 minutes, but in reality its only like 10 minutes.
Advice: Give them a break
Pros: Nice people to work with.

Cons: Having to work for Macy's.. Paychecks are sent thru the mail. So your payday isn't exactly Friday but it gets mailed out Friday and you'll receive it by Tuesday or later.
Advice: None
Pros: Great boss who cares. Free Clarisonic device to play around at home. Working for Clarisonic - since they just got bought by loreal - has opened lots of doors for me.

Cons: management: no encouragement or positive feedback, condescending attitudes, employee ideas are not considered, favoritism is obvious
human resources: all about the company & care little for employees, poor follow up, unprofessional attitudes
Advice: overhaul consumer care center or outsource it completely as few employees are allowed time off the phones for other projects or skills enhancement
Pros: benefits, company store, free products

Cons: Company philosophy and ethics are not the best in the market.doesn't matter your previous experience and performance, there is a path that you have to follow
Advice: You are pulling the talent away, probably better upper management ethics would improve the employee retention.
Pros: Working in a multinational company and knowledge able to get from consulting partners.

Cons: Company has USA headquarters in New Jersey and there is not much room to move up outside of the corporate offices. They do not consider giving raises to employees other than at the year end review, which can only be a cost of living raise.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities to move around to different positions and gain experience.

Cons: lack of strategy to continue to grow an amazing product
when the hours go late, they go real late
last minute requests that are "urgent" and must be completed in the same day
Advice: Focus your efforts and develop a direction.
Pros: two words: summer hours!
surprising work life balance at the company
great company perks
huge job responsibilities
amazing people with strong backgrounds

Cons: Top driving, micro management and fully committed to doing more with less, low salaries and long hours
Advice: Invest in your champions by offering competitive salaries and keep an ongoing pulse on upper management to prevent the abuse of power and position.
Pros: Company is dedicated to being a leader within the global sustainability efforts

Cons: Stressful, late hours, crazy culture, French execs, micro-managing every detail, meeting paralysis, extremely hierarchical in every way (even seating in meeting)
Advice: Treat people with respect and empower them
Pros: Top talent of people, great brands, good budgets, best training ground, makes u think on ur feet! Best location in NYC

Cons: HR is definitely not the best and they will not go off your preferences. some roles require long hours and compensation may not make up for it
Advice: None
Pros: there are great benefits and most people that you work with are helpful and supportive. also summer Friday's and this office has a dress down dress code (jeans allowed)

Cons: -poor communication between departments and between mgmt and teams
-lack of processes o long validation processes
-tendency to micro-manage
-too many meetings
Advice: -make reasoned decisions, then be coherent and stick with them
Pros: -promotes and requeres lots of self-initiative
-flexible processes
-lots of resources both external and internal
-mostly young, dynamic work force

Cons: Teams are way too small. Not a lot of strategic work because senior management and France teams makes all of the decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Lots  of experience, freedom in day today work. Exposure to multiple functions, senior management meetings because it's a marketing led company.

Cons: It's rather inefficient.  You present the same material over and over again.  There is also a lot of internal presentation.
Advice: Pay attention to the work instead of the show that people put on.
Pros: You definitely get to work with some pretty brilliant people.

Cons: Very Political
Favoritism / Biased
Poorly Organized
No Loyalty
Extremely Low Raises and Bonuses - Reviews are meaningless
Advice: Open your eyes, Look up to the sky and SEE
Pros: Relaxed Environment
Good People
Freedom (in most cases)

Cons: Systems and Processes are behind the times compared to other multi-national companies. They need to take an outside view and accept that other are doing things better.
Advice: None
Pros: If you are someone that wants to move and change rolls often the environment is conducive to foster and allow for the movement.

Cons: There is a very big meeting culture here.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with L'Oreal for just under 2 years and I can honestly say it is an amazing company to work for. The senior level management team is extremely invested in all employees. There is tons of internal mobility and growth opportunities.

Cons: Management changes their minds all time resulting in a lot of unproductive work.
Advice: Ensure people managers actually have the ability and interest in developing future leaders.
Pros: The benefits from L'Oreal are great.  Just about everything you can think of is offered.  Base pay is ok.

Cons: The French don't understand the American culture
Management has a "what have you done for me lately" attitude
Management tends to put their "friends" in key roles regardless of the level of talent
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to have a diverse career path
Great people, especially in the Operations facilities

Cons: Cons of L'Oréal were the hours that you have to put in for an entry level job because you have to prove yourself to the management.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros of L'Oréal were working in NY at the old office centrally located in the heart of NY because you could and go to lunch in a central spot.

Cons: Good Company was established in an outlet location which unfortunately went out of business. Out of touch with communication with cooperate other than email and conference calls.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company benefits including associate discount, medical benefits, vacation and monthly personal days for executives. Gives store managers authority without micro managing.

Cons: Sometimes corporate mandates are not very well understood and the staff is grossly underpaid compared to the national average
Advice: None
Pros: Best reason to work for this company is all the people are very friendly and easy to get along with locally. Users are very easy to get along with.

Cons: You never quit a job because of the company, you quit because of the boss.
Advice: None
Pros: You reach the level you want. You make your job description as much as you want.

Cons: Very political,  results are demanded but not respected. Many people over promoted without the talent needed for the position. Cut throat managers drunk on power. Definite age descriminaton in play.
Advice: Pay attention to the field force, it's how you make your numbers.
Pros: Great perks free product and benefits

Cons: People were not very nice though...every one was on their own and quite demanding :(
Advice: team building or retreat might help...
Pros: I worked at Loreal China as an intern in Lancome marketing department. Colleagues were professional and the pace was really fast. Working there was an exciting challenge indeed.

Cons: Fast paced and your best is required at a minimum.  Even during success, you can still feel like it is not enough.
Advice: None
Pros: Great product and people.  Management style can be difficult, but they do focus on people development, so there are many paths you can take.

Cons: Nothing negative to report during my tenure (2014-2016) !
Advice: Excellent. Keep going the same way !
Pros: L'Oreal was thus far one of the Best Companies I had Consulted for the past 20 years of my Creative Career here in NYC !

Cons: -Everyone is extremely busy, interns can get ignored sometimes
-Can be high stress, not for those who want to take it easy
-French company culture can sometimes clash with American values
Advice: None
Pros: -Great work environment/people
-Everyone is willing to help you out and give you advice
-Many opportunities to learn by doing, have own responsibilities

Cons: The company don't hire contract workers after their time is up, regardless of how good of a job you do.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible in the hours you work in terms of what time you would like to come into work

Cons: very competitive environment and the budget that brands have are really limited. The company should focus more on the customer experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to built up a solid resume. big brands from comercial to luxury items.

Cons: too much micromanagement not enough room for growth low pay uncomfortable uniform got to do makeovers
Advice: Make entry level employees feel more apart of team
Pros: Low outlet prices discounts to employees loyal customers fun to work with makeup open to public

Cons: They lie about hours and overtime until you sign on and quit your other job! President lied right to my face at THAT SPECIFIC QUESTION! When I started 1 week later everyone on the warehouse floor said "OH NO, THERE IS Manditory OVERTIME "EVERYDAY "!.
I FOUGHT THEM BY BRINGING THE TEAMSTERS AT THEIR GATES!
Advice: Wake up,  you're not that powerful!
Pros: There are no pros working in the warehouse at l'oreal in Monmouth NJ!

Cons: HR does a horrible job communicating. A lot of back and forth. 
Low offer extension rate from intern to full time.
Advice: None
Pros: People are very friendly and they don't mind answering all the questions at all. It is a very warm and welcoming community.

Cons: - no work life balance
- extremely hierarchical 
- promotions are based on tenure vs. performance
Advice: None
Pros: - you work with intelligent people who you can learn a lot from
- you get exposure to amazing brands

Cons: little support, non competitive wages for long term employees, long hours at work,
Advice: Focus more on developing and coaching the talent you already have.
Pros: Fast paced, global, lots of responsibility and exposure, great benefits and perks, autonomy,

Cons: Depending on the store that you are employed, there's little growth. Sometimes you have to wait several years in order to achieve a profession that you want.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great. You get free merchandise such as skin care, fragrances, and cosmetics.

Cons: Terrible Human Resources, stuck up, very political
Advice: Work on management skills and work life balance.  Create a training program that makes people succeed and don't set individuals up for failure
Pros: Good benefits, decent pay, great team

Cons: The plant close was very sad
Advice: None
Pros: Only took 3 months to get a chance to show my ability to get a promotion.. my thrive for success in dealing the day to day was beyond  they expected

Cons: Too many meetings, hierarchical, long hours, not focused,
Advice: Prioritize so team can focus on a vision and not spend time on multiple back up plans
Pros: Smart people, passionate about the industry

Cons: You need to own your career. You need to network and get you self move up in organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for. great benefits and depends on your job title you get work from home or summer hours.

Cons: Can be political sometimes, and there seems to be lack of modernization in tech
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance, brand new office at Hudson Yards, fantastic benefits, and one of the few companies left with a pension plan!

Cons: Not a lot of career paths and opportunities for people at the top range of their field.
Advice: None
Pros: A very well organized corporate structure.  Many opportunities to,learn and grow if you are young and starting your career.

Cons: Work life balance tougher than other companies
Advice: Turnover is to high with employees and affects moral
Pros: Great experience, SAP experience, high level exposure, and high level of responsibility

Cons: Treat the people at the bottom poorly, make decisions at the top that aren't realistic
Advice: be more aware of the boots on the ground
Pros: Great benefits, many holidays off

Cons: I enjoyed working for L'Oreal for years, and I have nothing to report on cons.
Advice: use more monies in the budget towards educators and support staff
Pros: Great company to work for, very team oriented, challenging and fun.

Cons: Cafeteria is not open yet!
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: This is a wonderful company to work for.  They strive for work life balance, which we all appreciate

Cons: Horrible manager picking favorites who are of same race as him
Advice: Don't let your managers turn the company into a racist business by employing only people of a certain race
Pros: Good company and Forward thinking

Cons: I feel being our department (FTZ) is a small section under Tax department, we could attend FTZ seminars and get some courses to upgrade our skills.
Advice: None
Pros: I am happy to be part of L'Oreal team.

Cons: No career path for Maintenance section
Advice: Split EHS and Maintenance and let each of them grow in different path.
Pros: Multinational and good working environment ,motivating managers,team work ,respecting each others cultures and healthy ethical environment

Cons: Heavy politics, decisions are often made by limited high level management who might not be as close to the everyday business.
Advice: None
Pros: Big organization with a lot of resources.

Cons: They work you to the ground and not great work life balance.
Advice: Help employees have a better work life balance
Pros: Products are clinically tested and absolutely amazing.

Cons: Too many women versus man. Depends on which team and which country you work for, the experience could be very different
Advice: None
Pros: World leading CPG company with lots of iconic brands

Cons: Huge company, fluid culture.  You can get lost or overwhelmed if you're not assertive
Advice: Simplify, simplify, simplify.  Otherwise, keep pushing.
Pros: Great career development, progressive salary and benefits.

Cons: Hard to execute
Difficult to get approvals + make decisions
Advice: Give employees more reign to manage the business
Pros: Beauty centric
Smart and passionate coworkers
innovative, open to new ideas

Cons: Some brand managers do not understand salon owners or how products really work in the real world.
Advice: Hire more freelancers
Pros: Great place, everyone is nice and polite.

Cons: lacks long-term vision: often they chase short-term problems without structuring of long-term strategies
Advice: None
Pros: You feel part of the group at all times: it is like a family

Cons: It is hard to move up with the amount of employees that have seniority of 10 or more years.
Advice: None
Pros: Very safety oriented, Very good benefits, friendly people and fun work environment.

Cons: Work-life balance can be difficult to achieve
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal has great compensation programs and the ability to expand your knowledge  and grow your career.  It is a great place to start your career.

Cons: At times too many meetings, which lowers team's productivity
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative environment, fast paced, beauty & fashion related projects, amazing products, a school of thought

Cons: Poor pay and micro-managing, not much opportunity to get ahead
Advice: Allow employees to use initiative and stop micro managing
Pros: Nice co-workers and work environment, discounted goods program

Cons: Bad work/life balance, meeting heavy company, lots of re-work for decks
Advice: Clear cut decision making process
Pros: Fast pace, lots of responsibility, high visibility, passionate people

Cons: No strategy, leadership lacks courage, grit and the tenacity needed to save this brand. Marketing strategy is dated and lack luster, business plan not much better.
Advice: Admit when you don't know something. Stop blaming others for your poor decisions and use the pool of talent that surrounds you. Oh... And stop lying.
Pros: Pay and benefits were above average.

Cons: Smaller company size limits upward mobility compared with larger companies.
Advice: None
Pros: This company embraces and offers opportunity for advancement for women. Smaller size eliminates inefficiency I've encountered at larger companies.

Cons: work life balance sometimes disregarded, lack of training/high expectations and learning curve
Advice: Invest more time in training managers/incoming employees
Pros: Great intern-specific events, focus on professional development, good pay, young environment

Cons: Can be very political at times...
Advice: None
Pros: Very dynamic & collaborate environment 

Great benefits.


You're working with some of the smartest, creative, ambitious and passionate people in the industry.

Cons: None. Everyone was great, and special events for interns were fun.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture. Definitely a great environment for interns, very friendly which allows for learning

Cons: Communication can take too long to be effective in a fast paced business.
Advice: Open communication for sales support purposes.
Pros: Great Benefits, training and development opportunities.

Cons: Terrible managers and leadership in place, making it difficult to do what is right for the business. Sales leaders are too focused on short term results versus long term strategic, healthy, organic growth.
Advice: Empower and put in place selfless leaders.
Pros: Exposure to some of the most recognizable brands in the world. Access to the company store.

Cons: Didn't have issues in my department
Advice: None
Pros: Depends on who's you report to, I liked Digital IT that I served

Cons: not for those who can not handle pressure
Advice: More exposure to candidate skills
Pros: Leader in cosmetics field and great employer

Cons: Demanding culture and potential strain on work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands and people to work with

Cons: I haven't seen any cons so far in my 2 years
Advice: Continue to find ways to incentives teams
Pros: Everyone is very supportive within the brand

Cons: Work/Live balance can be difficult at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company!   Offers a lot of training and career advancement.

Cons: occasional restructuring can leave people nervous
Advice: it's not all about the units....
Pros: transparent communications at all levels of the plant

Cons: Very little growth opportunity and they want you working more than sleeping
Advice: None
Pros: Great way to meet a lot of people and to have connects

Cons: Work/life balance can be difficult to manage at times.
Advice: Listen to employees.
Pros: Great benefits and also fun access to product.

Cons: Being the corporate headquarters are in France, this can affect autonomy in the US locations.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved my colleagues and the team environment at L'Oreal.

Cons: The culture is unique, not for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: There are great opportunities for growth within Operations

Cons: Not very connected to rest of company, little upward mobility, minimal continuing education
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, ability to shift teams, telecommuting

Cons: Messy Organization Structure, office Politics
Advice: Be clear with what deliverables are
Pros: Well known brand, nice office

Cons: Senior Management can create a lot of spin
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative and truly care about their people and growth of them

Cons: I don't have any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Brand educations, events, cutting edge

Cons: No clear direction but it's because it's a marketing driven company.
Advice: Have a vision
Pros: Changing constantly with new ideas innovated ideas.

Cons: Currently I don't have any current cons
Advice: Needs a better planning for meeting preparation
Pros: The most valuable pro is Entreprenurship

Cons: Tall organization with many levels of management.  Eurocentric and bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and expand knowledge.

Cons: Workload unrealistic, lower pay than competitor, politics
Advice: Fix the cons
Pros: Entrepreneurship opportunities if you are ambitious

Cons: Long hours, individualistic culture, beraucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Consumer driven, innovative company, promotes from within

Cons: no life work balance too many temps
Advice: hire people
Pros: nice people clean environment good pay

Cons: No inventive, hard to be hired as full time
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible time and low level of stress

Cons: - Too many internal presentations to management
Advice: None
Pros: - Great exposure to international best practices

Cons: Extremely political environment when looking for other opportunities within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to move within the company

Cons: Work space in their former building was tight
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with a really great team who offered several opportunities

Cons: I can't think of any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal is such an amazing place to work!

Cons: balance work / personal life
Advice: None
Pros: good health insurance, offer of free products

Cons: unrealistic timelines; management; quick employment turn around
Advice: acknowledge employees more
Pros: results driven; knowledgeable talented coworkers. health benefits; free product

Cons: some time traveling to different location.
Advice: None
Pros: working with different clients and taking on different challanges

Cons: One of my managers was cold and never talked to me
Advice: None
Pros: It was only 3 months

Cons: Finance is not the key job in that company
Advice: None
Pros: Good for Smart people, discounted products

Cons: Bad work and life balance,  a negative environment
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to advance,  free makeup and products

Cons: work/life balance- opportunity for growth on non marketing departments
Advice: None
Pros: employee perks and benefits- such as company store

Cons: They have large spread out territories.
Advice: None
Pros: Great potential with opportunity for growth.  Many different divisions.

Cons: Lots of red tape
Upward movement limited
Advice: None
Pros: Very Innovative, high quality research

Cons: Commute was too long was the only real con.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, good leadership.

Cons: There are no cons to working here
Advice: None
Pros: Very Supportive
Great Work Experience
Room for Growth

Cons: Culture, Stress, Pressure, Mindset, Talents
Advice: Incentive and inspire better employees
Pros: Challenge, Opportunity, Learning, International, diversity

Cons: work load is very high, no work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, employee perks, resume builder

Cons: Communication can be stilted between departments
Advice: None
Pros: Great company ro work for, benefits and vacation time excellent

Cons: - Low Merit Increases, Highly Demanding, Very Tactical Roles
Advice: None
Pros: - Experiences, Job Rotation, Opportunity

Cons: No cons, great summer internship
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation and fun science.  Lots of training for interns which was great.

Cons: Salary not competitive against current market
Advice: None
Pros: growth, and opportunities to move up the latter

Cons: Contractors have restricted access, monotonous work
Advice: None
Pros: Positive environment, flexible timings, good learning experience

Cons: poor management, understaffed, turnover, unorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Trainings, free product, bonus on occasion

Cons: Nothing is bad. Cool place.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment! Learned a lot!

Cons: Retail hours, all holidays, cheduling
Advice: None
Pros: Great management, great gratis, great atmosphere

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: An awesome industry to work in

Cons: lack of decision from senior management
Advice: none
Pros: flexible hours and friendly enviornment

Cons: Low pay. There could have been more interaction with other divisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning experience. Nothing special.

Cons: Management a little too much
Advice: None
Pros: Good work tor interns to do

Cons: too many responsibilities to be handled effectively
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, upward mobility, supportive management

Cons: Management looks down on employees
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was fair for the market

Cons: sink or swim, individualistic, uber political
Advice: None
Pros: internal mobility
global outreach
a lot of internal resource

Cons: No down sides to say
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture good work life balance

Cons: Terrible place to work, there is no work life balance, and the culture is aweful. I would advise against working at L'oreal
Advice: None
Pros: There are no pros working at L'oreal

Cons: Terrible pay and vacation/PTO benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits with L'Oreal products

Cons: Work life balance, Growth opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Steady, Structured, Reliable, Excellent marketing

Cons: Can not  go wrong with L'Oréal
Advice: YOU HAVE THE BEST PRODUCTS
Pros: i love using the product

Cons: pay and management treats employees unfairly and disrespectfully
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits for employees and family

Cons: The higher up you go, the more politics. Some teams (especially in the headquarters) are not country-centric and too much of the same profile - almost 80% of a function's committee can be all French, who have not been outside of Europe for their careers.  Harder for Asians it seems to have the same career track until a certain point in their career, then it becomes all Europeans in the post. Ethics is a campaign, but I am not sure it is embodied by everyone - especially by some leaders. Average compensation and benefits, nothing exciting.
Advice: Diversity in leadership - please commit to this and not just give the answer "we are still developing leaders in these zones." In bigger countries, the notion of being seen as an individual who can make an impact is lost - I felt this more when I worked in smaller teams.
Pros: Responsibility at a young age, and it's true that there's a lot of possibilities - you just have to remain focused on how you want to grow. Good international career in selected fields (in other functions, there may be lots of competition hence the notion that it's harder to go international). Able to handle projects that have an impact - it's true what they say, it's sometimes all up to you how you want to shape your job role and what kind of projects you want to have as your legacy. Work life balance has improved. Very strong L'Oreal culture passed on from older generations.

Cons: L'Oréal Denmark is by far the worst employer I  ever faced. I would not recommend this company to anybody.

- Absurdly long working hours. I routinely worked 9-20. On peak times it was even worse (late night & weekend work).

- No recognition for your hard work: managers rotate country/department frequently, and their only concern is to as much performance as possible during their assignment, with complete disregard of employees job satisfaction

- Strong blame culture: managers are put under very high pressure from HQ, and instead of trying to collaborate in order to solve issues, they look for somebody to blame so that they don't get in trouble

- Salary is relatively low, especially in consideration of the high workload

- HR is utterly useless and unprofessional: many co-workers of mine were feeling miserable because of the poor working conditions. HR and Managers provided no support whatsoever, leading them to feel even more hopeless

- Total lack of structure and process thinking: lots of non-value adding and boring tasks that have to be done only to please HQ in Paris

- The high turnover rate is indicative of the level of dissatisfaction that many employees exhibit
Advice: Treat your employees like human beings and not like robots that are sitting there just to produce. Having people who feel valued and considered would benefit the company in the long term.

Working hours are too high. People burn out soon and leave the company, taking away their experience and know-how. I believe it is in the interest of the firm to prevent this.
Pros: Young and international work environment. 
This is primarily due to the fact that locals (danish speakers) can find better jobs in other firms

Cons: - Management and director team who are not open to new ideas
- Very under resourced team
- Long hours... not unusual to do a 60 hour week, and it is somewhat expected to cover the workload
- A high number of interns and graduate scheme individuals - whilst this is great for them to learn working life, the reality is that you have a lot of inexperienced people who are involved in some business critical tasks
- Extremely cut-throat - weekly sales and marketing meetings would tend to have someone leaving at the end in tears (not even joking)
- Rare for all to get their full bonus. Always seemed like an extra hoop to jump through whether you had hit your objectives or not
- Low salary for the location... to have NAMs on circa 40k and SNAMs on 50k does not pay to stay
Advice: Realise that the work hard-play hard expectation does get tiresome after a while. A lot of good, talented people leave within 2 years or so because they've just had enough. Put more staff into your teams and let people enjoy a life outside of work and you will get a lot more from your teams.
Pros: - Vast range of brands
- Product discounts (50% off via the staff shop)
- Young, energetic team
- Relatively central office (Hammersmith)
- Given a lot of responsibility early on

Cons: Hierarchy has no transparency in modus operandi. Totally dishonest and pass on the ball at higher management level. How come Mancomm can be so blind, that they do not realise the ground zero reality. You cannot be a fannatic in approach. HR is only for the name sake as they have no other jobs than to send employee joining details. Because of some higher management people, the entire credentials of the business operation of Loreal is at stake and attrition rate of ground zero guys are substantially high. Even repute in market has gone done and its impossible to recruit talented manpower for 1st and 2nd line ff under Loreal banner.
Advice: Please reveiw it as people leaving the pool have no gain other than helping you to retain the existing talent you have left with. Also down size the bunch of highly paid non deserving Managers to retain the left so called Culture and Values of Loreal.
Pros: I experienced no pros , other than great Brands.

Cons: 1. The internship is real hard work, especially when you're in the sales team. It'll drive you crazy to fulfill the sales target. 
2. You get a lot pressure if you want to be outstanding within the team. So you get emotional every now and then. 
3. They do have great culture, but they're not open for mistakes, you can't have any excuse if you don't get your job done.
Advice: When I was working there, I didn't get any mentor around me, I made mistakes and I fixed them. The HQ didn't really care about each of its employees that much.
Pros: 1. If you're a current college student in China, especially a junior one, it'd be a great opportunity for you to apply for Summer Intern at L'Oreal Group. It challenges you a lot no matter which department you'd work for. And it'll help a lot for the later interview process of their Management Trainee Program. 
2. Great HR team, really professional, they advise you and help you prepare everything. 
3. Once you get involved in their Management Trainee Program, you'll have smooth career advancement if you do work hard. And the working environment is great, you'll see your peers are all professional and outstanding.

Cons: The workload is horrendous. Doing extra hours is an expectation in London but the volume of work meant a poor work-life balance. Don't expect to be promoted to higher management unless you are or at least speak French - of the 6 senior management roles in my division only 1 of them was not French. Management skills need a leave a lot to be desired - the structure is incredibly hierarchical which is not to the best effect. Finally be prepared for politics - it's not always what you know or who you know but how loudly you can shout above the crowd.
Advice: Please think about bringing some additional people into the team to allow room to breathe, think and develop. Reconsider your secondary management. Realise that people should always come first and results will follow naturally.
Pros: There is oodles of opportunity to take on a project and go above and beyond. My peers were lovely across many different functions and there was a general vibe to do well and succeed. It's an ever changing, competitive environment that can really suit some people and the pace is fast - challenging projects can often be expected to be delivered within limited time frames. Also, the products are great with big discounts.

Cons: The IT systems could be better and more cutting edge, but they are working on it and I have seen positive movement to address these issues.
Advice: To continue this great initiative of Beauty for all focusing on sustainable growth both environmentally and socially. Also to continue to inspire a culture of innovation and applauding well calculated risks.
Pros: I have worked for L'Oreal for 7 years and really love it.  I have now lived in 3 countries with L'Oreal and have had an exciting and challenging career path.  I work every day with incredibly intellectually curious people great attitudes that enables us create, innovate and build things every day.  Even though it is a large organization, you still feel the entrepreneurial spirit no matter which function you are in.  The company is also extremely financially stable.

Cons: The company lack of process can drive anyone crazy. Even if you like to work that way. People tend not to give the proper tools to start working. It's like someone give you a Ferrari without you having a driver license. You have to learn how to drive in the middle of a highway. The company it's completely moved by international visits. If L'oréal CEO or even any Regional Manager comes to your country, get ready for action. Lots of money spent on trying to make a good impression for the top management. The company is completely brand-centric.
Advice: Become more consumer-centric, and less brand-centric. L'oréal and it's brands shoudn't try to impose consumers what to use or like.
Pros: Really dynamic. Everything can change in a few meetings. The company gives you great independence to propose different strategies and solutions. For those with strong heart and great reselience.

Cons: Human Resource support for expats in Tokyo office lacks professionalism, mainly in salary visibility and administrative support. The tax system is complicated and there is no tax briefing, so you will only know your net income by the end of your expatriation. In my case, a large unanticipated sum (more than 400,000 JPY) was deducted from my final pay. When I requested for clarification, it took them almost a month to reply.
Advice: Improve orientation for new expatriates and standardise the structure for expat packages around the zone. Since the tax system in Japan is more complicated, discuss the packages in NET income instead of GROSS. This will ease the unnecessary stress for expats and give much more visibility where finances are concerned.
Pros: Flexible hours, passionate and fun management, many opportunities for overseas work posting, vibrant and young working atmosphere, great staff discounts. People here are energetic and open to new ideas.

Cons: Not many cons to say, not any cons to say really, I believe if i were forced into saying a con it would be that "I wish they spoke to us more on a personal bases after the brandstorm was concluded, they really do seem like very fun people to talk to".
Advice: None
Pros: Before i talk about the pros and cons its very important to state that I havent worked within the company itself or ever was an integral part of the Loreal community (on a corporate bases), however, I did spend some time working with the representatives of loreal in order to come up with our brandstorm. PROS: Amazing people, they give you a sense of an unbelievably fun and dynamic environment, highly intelligent they really do know what theyre doing. Ended up second Place.

Cons: You need to be on your game all the time, and the pace of action is very fast.
People change jobs very frequently so you're always building new relationships which, whilst stimulating, can slow down progress.
French culture takes time to understand. 
The london office is very tired and needs updating. The executive offices are beautiful, reflecting the brands. Everyone else works in cramped spaces at ugly desks.
Advice: There are too many priorities. Focus more.
Pros: The pay & benefits are slightly above average, not the best, but good. You get rewarded for achievement.
The business is so varied that you can have a whole lifetime career with L'Oreal and never get bored.
It's a fast-moving, entrepreneurial culture with empowerment for anyone who wants to take it.

Cons: You have to work under fast pace environment and sometimes you might be stressed if you could not manage the timeline of your tasks well. Many people are working until very late to catch up with tight deadlines.
Advice: Everyone in the company is super busy especially the management team. You may not be able to get timely feedback and evaluation from the management team.
Pros: L'Oréal is the world leading skin care & cosmetics company and you will be able to observe the operation of this big multi-national company. You could understand how a beauty brand works under cooperation of marketing & sales team. And more importantly, you could learn time management, multi-tasking and practical analytical skills. Good experience.

Cons: -There is no training at all so most of the times you need to figure out by your own how things are done. This can slow down a lot of processes. 
- Work-life balance culture is a mess. People never leave on time (sometimes they stayed until late night hours).
-Micro-managament gives less room for innovation and (also) slow things down.
Advice: -Empower and trust your employees to innovate more.
-Encourage work-life balance. The key to a successful business is happy employees. 
-Invest on training programs fro all levels and not only senior management.
Pros: -High paced environment where you learn a lot. 
-Opportunity to grow and move within the company. 
-Working in one of the biggest companies worldwide with well known brands.

Cons: Everything changes so fast, including your manager, that will implement on the changing system and policy also. If you can adjust to changes, you definitely can fit. Sometimes the products just don't match with the local need, but you have to sell it anyway.
Advice: Put the best man in your strategic places, not only because they are French.  Local people can be trusted to know their own market, sometimes it difficult to foreigner to understand the local market, especially for DMI who never stay long in that country.
Pros: Great friends and ambience. We had the "work hard and play harder" motto for sure. No boundaries beetween bosses and their subordinate. Encourage to think outside the box.

Cons: - hierarchical organisation, need to use the lines of hierarchy to get things done
- sometimes get a bit lost in details, instead of looking at the bigger picture (but this is inherent to the beauty/fashion business I guess)
Advice: - empower your employees even more to run their projects and fail at some times
- listen more to your employees to stop the high rate of turnover
Pros: - entrepreneurial spirit, room to create things yourself
- innovation at the core, products but also communication model (as of lately)
- young, ambitious colleagues
- lots of responsibilities from the beginning 
- great learning school how to work with people, partners and to get marketing at a very broad level

Cons: - Average salaries around 60% vs. other CPG companies.
- It is an 'organic culture'. You need to be comfortable with doing a LOT of work, by yourself, navigate ambiguity and lack of guidance.
- Long and slow growth path to senior management.
- Harsh culture, very independent. Not very collaborative. Senior Management is tough.
Advice: None
Pros: - Biggest beauty company in the world. It is the leading place to start a career in beauty.
- Amazing resources to work with.
- 'Organic' culture. There are not many processes and you have freedom to pursue creative plans, without much burocracy, within certain limits.
- Perks! Tons of beauty products for free or discounted.

Cons: With anything challenging things take time and effort. Expect to work long hours, especially during peak periods. You will be pushed and sometimes stressed but its worth it.
Advice: Modernize outdated and archaic software to more user friendly alternatives. This will improve productivity and help modernize the workforce.
Pros: I've been with L'Oreal for a little over a year now and honestly love working here. My colleagues are smart, competent and hard working. The environment is fast paced and challenging but employees are given every opportunity to  excel and succeed. If you are motivated and ambitious you'll likely really enjoy working here... especially if you have an entrepreneurial spirit.

Cons: Not sure if it is a great place to grow and settle down but if you have an opportunity to work there, don't miss it. The salaries are still below the business benchmark. Home office does not exist in their vocabulary.
Advice: Home office, guys. I think we are the only company of our market which do not do home office. Salaries could be much better, that's why most of the people I know have left.
Pros: It is a great place to learn and develop. It is always changing. There's international mobility. It is a very inclusive company, one of its values is diversity.

Cons: I didn't learn anything valuable outside the company. I was constantly asked to fix small things. Few real responsibilities. They simply hire interns to do jobs that no one wants to do, like write emails and call creative agency to ask them to do small changes to commercials (i.e. make it bold, please more blue...)
As in any marketing department that is not the headquarter, there is no strategic view. It's pure operational marketing: execution of what Paris decides. People are stressed to  execute things that someone else decided and they scream at you too often.
Inefficient processes and old systems.
Advice: Create a Corporate Culture. Innovate processes (you are not really digital if you only use social media). Offer yoga classes to Group product managers
Pros: Exposure to all firm's functions and see complexity of a multinational company.

Cons: Management is hierarchical and old fashioned - a lot of people nearing retirement hold the top jobs and they never, ever leave!  
If you have experience outside L'Oreal forget about it as no one cares.   They will want you to adapt to their way of doing things.
Advice: Listen to teams, manage down and stop sucking up to your boss.  Get rid of Managers who have been promoted to their level of incompetence and give younger managers a chance to do things differently or the company will stagnate and eventually fail.  Accept people who come from outside!
Pros: L'Oreal challenges you and ensures you give your best everyday and as a result you learn quickly to be extremely productive! If you can do it well at L'Oreal you will probably succeed anywhere!

Cons: - High turnover (never a good sign). 
- On average, 1 person quits every month.
- Business model is based on very young workers (right out of college) taking management positions to keep salaries to a bare minimum, therefore the only real decision makers are the Directors. 
- Most employees earn 60% less than average market salaries in Panama across the board (sales, marketing, etc.).
- Indecisive and bureaucratic upper management.
- Ugly company culture (long hours, horrible bratty bosses, sucking up is rewarded, very political and highly hierarchical)
- Absolutely no work-life balance.
- No real respect for the local culture, since all upper managers are expats.
- Locals are considered the "help" and not really considered for anything other than lower status jobs.
Advice: None.
Pros: - Nice location of main office.
- Good school to learn sales, marketing, supply and then get out within 2 years.

Cons: Quick promotion due to high turnover 
High turnover can lead to very Junior teams and lack of experience 
A lot of time spent retraining and trying to prevent history repeating rather than progressing as a unit 
Pay grades are secretive
Advice: Be aligned in objectives and filter down to teams 
Share career paths with teams 
Ensure all teams have the same opportunity, and indeed take this opportunity, to have outings 
Train managers in giving appropriate feedback 
Give equal training
Pros: Vibrant, enthusiastic, young team 
Quick promotion if you succeed and overdeliver
Annual conference abroad if good performance 
Discounted products 
Annual profit share for FTEs

Cons: With respect to other global companies, unfortunately there is no work structure at all. You may be responsible for everything or nothing. It is real chaotic environment which may be sometimes very inefficient. Also I should add that no work-life balance, you may receive an e-mail on sunday night and it is totally normal thing for here not an extraordinary campaign period or whatsoever.
Advice: Encourage work-life balance
As i know, according to top management chaotic environment is good for the company' development but it totally blaze high turn over rates and dissat
Pros: Young and dynamic environment is the best side of the Loreal

Cons: Some managers are great from a technical point of view, but lack a lot of people management skills. 
Since it's a very popular company, some managers have a philosophy towards their employees of "if you're not happy, 300 people want your job".
Advice: Please keep an eye on the mid-level managers and make sure they are taking care of their employees.
Pros: Good company to learn a lot, let's you lead projects and suggests new ways of doing thing. 
Innovation is valued and recognized.
Younger age average makes it a dynamic work environment. 
Good trainings and career development up to mid-level manager.

Cons: Very operationally driven even as a Manager or in managerial role. Can be political at times and culturally its a dog eat dog world. Long working hours at times and no work life balance. Diversity is not prevalence in the organisation though it is what the company has been promoting.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit and accessibility to beauty products, events etc. Additionally, free lunch is provided every Tuesday and Thursday of the week. Good for career advancement as the organisation values internal promotion than external hiring.

Cons: Safety hazards and concocting issues, very high TURN over rate. Lack of communication or RESPECT from upper management. Maintenance not been done properly. PoE not being given. Favoritism as well as impartiality. And no open door policy,at all.
Advice: Communication, equality. Safety walks all day, housekeeping. Termination with out proper cause. Slip and trip hazards. Over working associates due to high TURN over rate.
Pros: Clean enviroment, limited hours worked discounts on merchandise team envisioned, and motivated, and work as a team demonstrating equality and diversity. They don't just stand around during down time,  they are cleaning or helping out others.

Cons: Poor Management 
Very Less employee incentives
Advice: Candidate considered for managerial position should have leader ship qualities. In loreal, a candidate deems fit for managerial position based on his seniority and experience - regardless of the fact that whether he or she can lead/manage team or not.

Secondly, Employee's are more important than customers/consumers.
Pros: Work Delegation - Managers delegate most of their tasks to their Juniors. Helping them grow faster
Experience - beside learning one's work, new starters or mid level employees are exposed to higher management which helps them become more confident and grow.

Cons: A sink or swim environment, not much training on the products, long hours, not having the right or old tools in place.
Advice: Need to watch who you hire in a National role as they didn't have enough experience dealing with current staff, felt like I was bullied (in this team) and this person is very passive aggressive. Never gave any coaching or training. This person should not be there!
Pros: The L'Oreal brand has great product allowance, amazing incentives plus a great sales commissions.
Have friends for life as we had a great field team.

Cons: * Heavy workload and few people to do it in the communications and public relations team
* Communications team should be more integrated with marketing teams.
Advice: Work on a culture of a better work- personal life balance.
Pros: * Great atmosphere and collaborative team.
* Amazing products to work with
* High energy
* Great education programs developed internally

Cons: As any FMCG , change is always there , in Structure, flows and process. You have just to adapt to it. Work life balance is hard to achieve, especially if you are in an entry level.
Advice: Salary and compensations should be greatly reviewed not only from the business point of view but also from market value and inflation rares.
Pros: The company really value hard working and talent acquisition.Everything is possible in this company, You have to just focus on your career aspirations..

Cons: Extremely high expectations - both internal and from international level - drive a high intensity and pressured environment which creates for a challenging work/life balance.
Advice: Continue to foster a dynamic environment for training new talent, but increase focus on retention vs. recruitment to strengthen long-term talent pool within the organization.
Pros: Dynamic teams who genuinely strive for collaboration, strong training ground for junior talent with immediate access to exposure in front of senior stakeholders, room to contribute new ideas and evolve within the company, including international mobility opportunities.

Cons: Long work hours, nasty environment, not professional development, it's chaotic all the time, you work under really hard pressure all the time, Hugh rate of personal
Station, no stability, they always promote external people faster
Advice: You should take care appropriately of your employees
Pros: Salary, experience, compensation plan, you can find a valuable people out there but they won't last long. They can promote you "fast" but they take advantage of you if they did it

Cons: Lack of clear accountabilities and job definitions, too fluid structure. This is something embedded into the culture, which allows for increased flexibility, and some people like it. For many people this is shocking, however, and they find it hard to adapt.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast learning pace, management is supportive and extremely knowledgeable - accelerates your learning, capable and supportive colleagues, great career progression opportunities, sometimes international meetings and trainings that make you feel as a part of a global entity.

Cons: office politics can be annoying. Often it is all about the networking, the people you know rather than what you can do. Sometime your team can be amazing, other times it is a nightmare
Advice: More transparency of the promotion and hiring process, so really it is the best talent for the job rather than just the person the manager knows.
Pros: Very energetic, talented people, steep learning curve and being part of a large international company. A lot of opportunities within

Cons: It is sometimes difficult to understand all the expectations due to the belonging of L'Oreal Canada to an international company.
Advice: It could be nice to have a better canteen on the main building.
Pros: L'Oreal is a place where you are given the chance to develop yourself and propose new ideas.
Annual events such as information meetings just make you feel you are part of a great company.
L'Oreal is very well located in a beautiful location
Compensation and benefits are very good

Cons: Management micro-managing every detail, extremely hierarchical in all way. The CEO seems to be anti-work life balance ( everything has to be done immediately-no priorities , emails sent on weekends and bank holidays).Very short headcount.Lot of focus on placing blame rather than moving and solving issue.
Advice: Treat people with respect and trust them. Hire more people.
Pros: Very talented people, interesting products, the best training you can get, you make your job description as you wish.

Cons: Office politics, no objective employee evaluation, bad office atmosphere, people's aggressiveness
Advice: First reform your HR departments, then enable them to positively impact the rest of the company. Reduce office politics. Reduce the amount of time spent on meetings and futile details that make people's lives unnecessarily miserable. Install an objective way of evaluating people. Put competent, high skilled managers as team leaders instead of people with just great taste.
Pros: Continue strive for excellence, strong marketing department

Cons: not a friendly environment to learn
company would choose to exploit manpower instead of improving technologies so that systems can run smoother
over time is a definite
cost cutting is key and will sometimes hold priority over staff welfare
Advice: invest in better technology
value your staff
money has to be spent on good marketing for it to work
Pros: you get to learn a lot, treated like a loreal staff
you learn how to dress and make up better
hierarchy is quite flat

Cons: Can take some time to adapt since innovative and flexible structure can lend itself to a complex organization
Advice: Networking and entrepreneurship is key.
Pros: The integration programs for new-to-L'Oreal employees are well thought out and relevant.  Although the culture is not always easy to understand, L'Oreal goes out of the way to ensure that there is an integration plan and that new employees get the full disclosure on how to navigate and succeed at L'Oreal.

Cons: work life balance is a problem, there is a lot of micromanagent and little inspiring leaders, value and appreciacion is given to talented individuals but too little focus on teamwork
Advice: more trust, more transparency, more courage
Pros: You are given a lot of responsibility from the beginning, entrepreneurship and innovative approach is promoted, you work with passionate and very professional people, the company offers great career opportunities, also international.

Cons: Office is noisy, management has a crippling lack of technical awareness, HR is severely incapable of thinking out of the box, getting new software approved is really difficult.
Advice: Find a way to streamline the new software installation process. The approval is unreasonably slow, and projects get suspended indefinitely waiting for the tools to undertake them.
Pros: Laid back environment, nice food in the canteen at the top floor, there seems to be good progression perspectives.

Cons: A lot of work! Which means long hours and working on the weekend! A lot of operational stuff done by marketing rather than controlling or logistics
Advice: Hire more people to do the job, as it is A LOT! Go a bit more outaide the tradicional scope of each distribution channel
Pros: Global Played, with good products reputation and excellent marketing strategies! Easier to negotiate with clients as they already trust you and the brands

Cons: Awful treatment of staff! Would never work for them again after 7 years! They really do not care. Very high turnover of staff. Would not recommend. Morale low and everyone moans
Advice: Work with your staff and have interaction with them. There is no connection. Stop being so dismissive and lists to the values and ideas of your staff... Ask yourself a question? Why such a high turnover of staff?
Pros: Great people that work hard and help each other. Great social life! Office is lovely and you get a lot of free products. Great if you are ready to work 24 hours a day!

Cons: Very political
No organization chart, very lose job description 
Messy, no processes
Some very bad managers can have a great career and destroy others if they are good politicians
Advice: Focus on competences and work quality instead of spending your time in office politics 
Cancel meetings that are useless
Pros: Great training 
Smart people 
The best company to learn marketing 
Lots of evolution opportunities: explosive job every 2 years 
Great products

Cons: This work environment is not for everyone - burnouts happen quite often.  Red-tape is a chore and IT support is abysmal.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a company where things get done if you have both the know-how and the know-who.  The job is what you make of it.  Plenty of opportunities for growth, but it requires a lot of hustle.

Cons: A culture promoting conflicts, the organization is designed in a way that there are lots of misalignment in goals of different departments. Without a crystal clear definition of responsibilities etc, internal conflicts are very often.
Advice: Install a better system to smooth internal process.
Pros: It is very entrepreneurship like, unlike many corporate, it is a place where new ideas and concepts get implemented without long approval process.

Cons: The downsides of the company was no good facilities of salary.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment of the company was very good. It is one of  the best fastest growing company. People feel so proud to be part of the company as company provides full support o their employeee in professional front. It has may branches across the world so I had a good opportunity to work them.

Cons: The only issue might be that the company could improve its organizational skills as it is still very French culture working for Loreal.
Advice: Improve organization, motivate people more, increase salary and benefit packages and improve IT assets.
Pros: Simply amazing young and engaged, super motivated people that work at Loreal. Also the work life balance has improved significantly.

Cons: Overload of work, lots and lots of extra hours, carreer path is not clear especially for HR, everything is urgent and actually it isn't, it doesn't have great leaders.
Advice: It would be nice if the values were totally applied on the job.
Pros: Salary and benefits, flexibility of clothing and time at working (you can make your own rotine), disccounts at L'Oréal products.

Cons: High turnover rate, long working hours. Many tasks can be automated but innovation does not appear to be a priority in the company.
Advice: innovate more
Pros: Dynamic, exciting industry and work environment. The work is challenging but provides for great learning opportunities. The people tend to be fun and smart, and are a joy to work with.

Cons: limitations from head company. Many working hours. Frequent reorganization changes.
Advice: Hard working and worthy employees exist in more dept. than sales and marketing! Try to spot them "use" them!!
Pros: Great colleagues, great facilities, indoor restaurant. Recognize your work, but only if you work for sales or marketing.

Cons: Complexity, long hours of work , deficity of other departments than marketing, managers that are not sure of priorities, agencies that are not capable. Not many opportunities for abroad roles
Advice: None
Pros: Full responsibility in early age, individual decision making, energetic environment, you define your role, quick promotions if you deserve. You own your job, not your manager

Cons: we work a lot, then people will not have time to think and participate the some meetings and understand the whole business
Advice: very young managers, they don't know how to coach people and get people improved during the job
Pros: good work environment, people are young and very easy to make friends. There are a lot of job benefits and activities

Cons: Too much work to do and few hands to do it, quality of life is poor people have to work many extra hours to try to accomplish the demands the company has
Advice: None
Pros: Learning experience, many responsibilities that let you develop many skills, good people, great brands that inspire every day that are positioned in the market and let you create amazing things

Cons: Highly competitive work environment, long work hours, too much pressure coming from upper management.
Advice: Managers should foster a cooperative culture instead of encouraging employees to be  too much competitive. It creates a toxic work environment and demotivate people in the long run.
Pros: Great salary and benefits. Yearly bonus. Well-known and respected company. Lots of possibilities to grown within the company.

Cons: - high personal investment
- matrix organisation makes it complex and slow in decision process
- not best in class in terms of working equipments (PC etc.)
Advice: Be the driver of change withing the company
Pros: - give young people full responsability
- possibility for international careers
- amazing portfolio of brands
- high training capacity and willingness
- great internal working culture

Cons: 1) late hours and intense environment during critical period
2) high turnover resulting is lack of continuity and stability
3) frequent change in direction can result in higher stress level among employees
Advice: None
Pros: 1)fast pace and exciting company
2)great benefits
3)dynamic with great opportunities
4) everyone can be be their true self

Cons: - Traditional way of working, not agile and very operational
- Very hierarchical and political company 
- Marketing focused, which is nice if you work in marketing but can work against you if you work in other disciplines
- Salary
Advice: None
Pros: - Beautiful products
- Many young ambitious colleagues
- Possibility to grow (fast) within the company, especially for marketeers

Cons: Nothing is impossible culture can be very demanding on the individual. Not always rewarded for merit but rather how loud one shouts.
Advice: Give more direction, autonomy & support to teams.
Pros: Lots of experience across many elements of the business. Exceptional brands & products surrounded by a young, bright & ambitious team.

Cons: The Beauty Shaker Awards require a lot of work, but it's worth it if you truly believe in your project.
Advice: None
Pros: The Beauty Shaker Awards at L'Oréal Canada are amazing. They allowed me to pursue the project I was interested in, even though it does not necessarily relate to my day to day activities.

Cons: -Very political
-Heavy workload and long working hours, no work-life balance
-Management level change decisions all the time, always announce changes in the last minutes
-Extremely high turn-over rate since 2014
Advice: None
Pros: -Good career prosepct
-Free goods and staff purchase
-Good salary and benefit
-Good on CV, easy to look for other companies in the same industry
-Interesting job nature

Cons: Salaries are below industry average, nepotism is a wide spread practice, the company is very slow in decision-making and extremely bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good products and excellent brands speak in favor of L'Oreal. It's a good place to start your career, you can learn a lot, especially if you're new to consumer goods and services sector.

Cons: Teams generally seem to be under resourced so workloads can be pretty unrealistic
No free tea or coffee!
Advice: Employ adequate headcount for a team that can perform at full capacity
Pros: Lovely people 
Fast paced and dynamic
Willing to experiment 
Good budgets

Cons: You need to show yourself and show all your skills while working in the company, take the initiative, without that in company you can't achieve success and career growth
Advice: None
Pros: You can get very valuable experience in company in different fields of work. And you can count on a quick career progression. Innovations are welcome here.

Cons: Lack of training from team and HR, working hours can be quite long, stressful environment during visits from international teams
Advice: Better structure for internal graduate scheme applications
Pros: Good salary, social community, access to big projects whilst at an entry level job, chance to work across teams and take ownership of tasks

Cons: High speed of work and quite demanding working culture. Difficult in keeping the work & life balance even thought the enterprise works hard on it:
Advice: None
Pros: Very challenging environment, great opportunities and high dynamism of work: Possibilities to move to different positions and work in international environment. Possibility to work on the top of the industry.

Cons: Too many projects at the same time, home grown managers that lack outside experience and perspective. Can be exhausting since the upper management has very high expectations.
Advice: Prioritize and delegate projects according to individuals experience and expertise.
Pros: Great office, smart colleagues, interesting projects and lots of opportunity to show case yourself.

Cons: Extreme turnover rate, consider 4 people came and quit on the same post within 1 year. 
No work/life balance. Only work. 
Sink or swim. They will just let you drown and don't ever bother to help. 
Expect you to hit the ground running on the first day.
Low respect to most people outside marketing.
You get promoted not because of capability but through resignation and relationship.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start your career if you are interested in the industry.
Get used to the extremely demanding industry norm.
Good staff discount.

Cons: Hiring quality decreases. Emphasis on politics & process instead of value creation. Slow mobility. Average benefits.
Advice: Nothing. Everything going on is part of the normal process of a company growing that large.
Pros: Great brands and products. Nice office facilities. Regional / international exposure. Large budgets and large projects.

Cons: In the title of the review - L'Oreal is a 'good' company to work. But there is distinct lack of training of new employees and personal development

Expected to work long hours

Top management a bit disconnected
Advice: Introduce a better reward scheme and motivate employees more
Pros: Good entrepreneurial spirit and drive for growth

Fast paced environment - challenging

Cons: Intentional organizational chaos and lack of structured processes, long working hours, mediocre salary (but I loved it nevertheless!)
Advice: None
Pros: Own projects, a lot of responsibility, great teamwork, high learning curve, good mix between analytical and creative tasks, culture of trust, and of course: employee discount!

Cons: you will stay forever in this company as you don't feel the years with different positions and sometimes you need to see something else to grow and to have a fresh eye on the way to work
Advice: keep going keep pushing to make people grow and enjoy the job
Pros: Challenging environment
Growing opportunities
good salary

Cons: Management whimsical.
Very elitiste.
No specific job description.
Lack of automation of non added value jobs.
Advice: Stick to your decision, stop contradicting yourself.
Accept that you can be wrong sometimes.
Pros: Ability to change job and countries quickly.
Flexible hours, vacation easy to take.
Management human.

Cons: I worked for L'Oreal Korea for 1 year.
Sometimes heavy workload was hard to manage in order to meet deadline.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked for L'Oreal Korea for 1 year.
It offers a lot of opportunities in terms of advancement in career. Also, Great support for newcomer

Cons: Long working hours, very fast paced which is  normal in an emerging market that is constantly changing.

You have to cope well with the change and the pressure.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture with strong values

Fun environment, open minded, young and passionate

Career growth based on exceptional performance

Amazing  products and people to work with!

Cons: work load is a big high, but I assume it is the normal working load in FMCG
sometimes have to waste some time on non-efficient meetings
Advice: there was no micromanagement with the management structure, but there is not too much room for innovation
Pros: great working environment 
nice benefit
great career development plan
training program

Cons: You need to have a very good time management skill to survive. very fast paced
Advice: Lack of communications on projects between team especially to interns - as we tend to get left behind
Pros: Great activities and efforts for employees - mostly for full time.

Cons: works for inside, non processual, based on relationship and not in meritocracy, low salaries, life balance, lot of rework, lot of "I think" instead of "The consumers want"
Advice: recognize your talents, and do not lose then, and care about life balance
Pros: Ownership, good products, based on relationships, lot of knowledge

Cons: there is no many chances to grow in some Areas, i.e. Finance,
Advice: If you are starting your carrer specially in Marketing, it's the right place to start!!
Pros: It's a good company, great for young people, you have the chance to learn the way things should be done!

Cons: Yet lack of training & management. You are thrown in the water and they watch if you can swim and how far you can swim
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to develop compentencies as given a lot of autonomy & scope of action. "Make it happen" philosophy that is really challenging.

Cons: Can be "high on words than actions" especially on topics of Simplification and Ethics. This is something, the Organisation can avoid internally and focus more on productivity per employee.
Advice: Need very serious consideration on evaluating productivity per employee.
Pros: Entrepreneurial, Independence in daily operations to managers, Promotes Innovations.

Cons: Important to be agile and accept to Redo things
Need more processes 
A lot of projets on going 
Need simplification
Advice: None
Pros: Room for entrepreneurship and new ideas 
Autonomous
Allows to go behind your position 
Network and cross fonctionnal culture  
Managers accessible 
Talent people

Cons: everything depends on the people you are working together. very subjective decision making process, nationality affect on the future growth potential of individual
Advice: None
Pros: always great challenge, exciting many different brands, good atmosphere, interesting colleagues, many different career opportunities, global location in many different continents and countries

Cons: The whole company is a joke about customer service and logistics. The company is badly organized, unmotivated people everywhere so there is no chance for improving.
Advice: Change the management team!
Pros: Not too much to say, maybe the fact that my boss was in Prague, so I had freedom.

Cons: _you work as a normal employed but you are paid as an intern
_advancing in my career was impossible, not in Italy
Advice: None
Pros: _My Boss was great, He taught me how to relate myself to other boss and colleagues
_Great Hr program
_a paid internship 
_interest in diversity

Cons: 1) Far away from home 
2) Heavy workload 
3) Not regular lunch hours
Advice: 1) More resources on staff training 
2) More internship opportunities 
3) More advertisement and resources on talent recruitment
Pros: 1) Good pay 
2) Friendly colleagues 
3) Cosy and chic office 
4) Reasonable working hours

Cons: Too much politics and bad relationship between work and personal life.
Advice: The work is a part of your life, make it a place as agreeable as is your relationship with your friends and family.
Pros: A dynamic company, challenging and above all, a developer of talent.

Cons: None, since at L'Oreal Levant  the workforce here is healthy and friendly
Advice: None
Pros: You get the chance to participate in departmental activities
You have the opportunity to contribute to the implementation of several HR projects 
The environment is very friendly
People working here are influencers and motivators

Cons: The company has changed much and become profit driven only.
Advice: Diversify in management, management is limited to personal discretion and satisfaction mostly. Lower subordinates are not even recognized as part of the company, especially temporary employees.
Pros: Nice benefits package, some security if they like you.

Cons: Difficulty in transitioning between roles
Advice: None
Pros: -Good place to learn as people always encourage asking questions and have the patience to explain
- Allott good roles to MTs
- MT stint projects are challenging
-Have a very good rewards and recognition system and hard work is appreciated

Cons: There are not many actually. Well, I didn't work that long there, and there might be more cons in other departments.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice supervisors and colleagues. Great products, and it seems that it's quite easy to grow professionally once you are in there.

Cons: Stress and long lasting days that make difficult to balance personal and professional life.
Too many deadlines that makes sometimes impossible to plan holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom as you define your job. Not so strict manual established definitions that enriches your job.
A place where your opinion is listened to

Cons: People, mentality, sometimes hard to really take time to discuss to find a solution, manager that doesn't really know the job
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, life and work balance, training sessions, job evolution, good work areas, career grows fast, good job opportunities, fast turnover

Cons: Long hours, lack of work-life balance
Advice: More life balance, improve comunication
Pros: Passioning environment, products and people. 
Lack of business processes which allows innovation and creativity. 
No matter how young or new you are at the company, you can always make a difference.

Cons: It's not too far from Paris, but it takes a while to get there from the center of town
Advice: Dress well and be always impeccable. Speak with your colleagues and make them your friends
Pros: Free shampoos and conditioners, and other product samples

Cons: Low salaries, no work life balance, no transparency of the HR policies
Advice: Modernize the company, more transparency
Pros: Freedom to do new things, You create your own role, budget to spend, good school in terms of managing the complexity and network ( French style)

Cons: At times too hierarchical in decision-making, long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of developing opportunities from the first day, dynamic and interesting industry, lots of freebies, high responsibility for entire projects, great & motivating team, learning from each other, fair feedback.

Cons: No structure, atmosphere of chaos and pressure constantly. It is almost the norm to do many more hours than you are contracted for.
Advice: Need to care more about the people and what they are saying. Not everyone can work 100 miles an hour, nor should it be expected.
Pros: Lots of freebies! Good restaurant. Do social activities very well. Very central and easy place to get to when commuting.

Cons: Terrible Culture where destroying the others, talking about them in their back and taking credit for the good projects that others do is essential.
Advice: None
Pros: Very interesting brands to work for 
Very fast paced and challenging environment

Cons: not many down sides as I was there for a short period as a contract worker.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience with lots of fun people. Nice environment with great discounts on all products, would recommend working here.

Cons: Somehow, I thought the benefits shared to Manufacturer (plant) is different with the HO (Head Office/ Sales Office). I think the benefits for Manufacture's plant is less than the sales.
Advice: None
Pros: Facilitate the nice environment for work.

Cons: You have to be very allign with the culture of the company , the balance between personal/proffesional life is not the best one
Advice: None
Pros: It´s a great company to developt by yourself and learn a lot

Cons: Feedback culture is weak, challenging environnement, still some "old school" management codes
Advice: Be the change you want to see.
Pros: Professional development, working with great people, international careers, human before processes, good working conditions

Cons: Resistant to change, politics are above rational decisions.
Advice: Learn what is going on from the base. Don't kill creativity.
Pros: Generally good and respectable environment. You eventually learn a lot for the FMCG industry.

Cons: Political Environment, lots of finger pointing, work life balance, organized chaos. Internal communication highly managed.
Advice: Reduce Politics, and no need to spy on your employees
Pros: Amazing People, Great Brands and Lots of Innovation every year.

Cons: The only cons are, once I was no longer apart of the organization I found it really hard to work for another equally as rewarding
Advice: None
Pros: Global, Professional, very well liked Brand and easy to work with

Cons: Too much focus on networking and bla bla without substance
Advice: None
Pros: Global leader in it's sector, international diverse talent in all functions, organic culture, strong CSR engagements, operates in dynamic markets

Cons: Complexity, lack of clear procedures, high anticipation to lower level roles
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful products, innovation and passion

Cons: At this point no points
Advice: Keep on going with the current policy
Pros: Loreal goes the extra mile to keep employees happy, with benefits such as paid vacation and on-site daycare.

Cons: Work life balance can be a struggle, flat management structure in UK so not many opportunities to progress
Advice: Make clear career progress routes
Pros: Great opportunity, fast paced, invest in your training to develop you

Cons: there wasnt any formal sending off when internship finished. found it odd
Advice: none
Pros: nice culture and great people. The people are helpful and willing to teach you. they share information and make sure youre happy

Cons: Rapid and changing environment with high staff turnover
Hierarchical in terms of signing documents
Advice: None
Pros: Free to contribute ideas despite a low position as an intern
Flexible working hours
Respect towards everyone's opinion

Cons: High pressure which is ongoing. VERY results driven.
Advice: work life balance only comes when the pressure is relieved
Pros: Training and Devolpment are superb, every year and always of great benefit to the employee.

Cons: No work life balance.
Very long hours every day with many meetings
Interns are hired to replace permanent staffs, given perm staff responsibilities
Interns are overworked and their managers overloaded.
Senior Management not very open to mistakes made.
Advice: Don't spread labour resources too thin. 
Your employees are very tired.
Make a point to listen to them and help your middle management
Pros: Good benefits, central location.
Good opportunities within organisation.

Cons: everyone for themselves at times
"clique-ish"
salaries less competitive
Advice: Maintain an open line of communication with the lower levels of the company when possible
Pros: Career development is priority
Bonuses can be nice
Fast-paced, glamorous industry...looks good on resume

Cons: Very disorganized, it's part of the French culture.  There are no proceses
Advice: There should be a more structured base.
Pros: Great people, and a lot of creative and strategic freedom.

Cons: Work can be tedious and lots of hands-on jobs to do as well
Advice: None
Pros: An enriching learning experience with opportunities to experience brand management. A fast-paced working environment.

Cons: Little work-life balance. A growing middle management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with and really good company atmosphere

Cons: None, working at Loreal was a great experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work ethics, Open culture and flexibility, relaxed and productive atmosphere, great exposure and freedom to take decisions

Cons: Lot of pressure. Few career opportunities. Hard to ask for relocation.
Advice: None
Pros: Insightful. You learn a lot. Usually, top managers a very smart and you can learn a lot from them.

Cons: Young managers who lack managerial (i.e. managing people) experience; no work-life balance (maybe on paper but not in real life);
Advice: None
Pros: Fun environment; fun products to market; nice offices; great learning opportunities

Cons: Red tape is apparent in the company with many hierarchies.
Advice: Streamline the internship programme even more and have specific goals.
Pros: Good internship programme for penultimate students

Cons: Horrible work/life balance. Work areas without process and way of work.
Advice: None
Pros: To work with big brands and best products. Great team with lovely people.

Cons: In every department informational systems should be used more than we use today.
Advice: None
Pros: For 2,5 years I've never felt like as if "OMG today is Monday :("

Cons: Pressure
Deadline impossible to keep 
lack of organization and process ( L'oRéal company culture)
Advice: More clarity in the process
Pros: Trust 
Opportunities 
Team spirit
Company culture (entrepreuneurship, 
Intern community

Cons: Unorganized, work long hours, underpaid
Advice: Invest more in people, operations for the well being of the employees
Pros: Promotes entrepreneurial spirit, great for networking and big opportunity for growth

Cons: You do need to know french language to be able to grow in this company
Advice: None
Pros: Very dynamic and competitive environment

Cons: Work-life balance
Salary
Environnement not always friendly and welcoming, superficial..
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced learning
Inspiring colleagues
Glamorous environnement
Great stepping stone for anyone that is ready to learn and absorb

Cons: Busy in central London
Lack of social events for interns
Sometimes slow
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Subsided canteen
Great office and training provided
Friendly
Casual Fridays
Summer hours

Cons: - sometimes lack of clear objectives
- people can sometimes go behind your back
Advice: None
Pros: - advantages for employees 
- fun, open, international colleagues
