Cons: They work you like a dog and your best will never be good enough.  You have to kiss or lick some serious a** to get a promotion even if it is well deserved.  "Don't trust HR", if you meet someone that tells you the truth about the company....this is the first thing they will tell you.  HR plays employees against each other and have spy's all over the place.  They also gossip about everything that should remain confidential.
Currently, their is  a new president that cares less about the employees.
Advice: Do your job just like the people under you do theirs!  Don't hand off your work and then take all the credit for it and just because your old and have no life doesn't mean that your employees live the same boring lifestyle.  Also, look up the meaning of confidential; it should help you to be discreet.
Pros: Perks:  Fee goods, benefits, and some of the people you get to meet

Cons: L'Oreal needs to put less emphasis on tenure. Politics are everywhere and can muddle projects and frustrate you. Sometimes important decisions about work policies or projects can come out of the blue from France and completely change the course of what you are working.
Advice: Be sure to guide your team through the challenging politics that can happen during the course of development. Be willing to grow employees that have potential.
Pros: Your experience at L'Oreal USA can vary depending on your management team. Overall, management is receptive to your ideas and can help you work through challenging issues. The projects can be interesting and challenging. Lots of pride comes from working on big brands and seeing your products in the market. The company is striving to be more green from the production factory level down to the labs and facilities.

Cons: - Hours can be brutal 
- Meeting-driven atmosphere can be stifling (large-scale internal meetings 1-2 times per month with senior management) 
- Human resources can be unprofessional - they sometimes favor certain candidates based on their perceptions during recruiting rather than actual performance at the job
- Can be overly competitive (also a positive, depending on the candidate)
Advice: - Take more consideration to balance work and personal life - this is spoken about, but really no action is taken.
- Need a drastic reduction in meetings - employees simply can not get enough work done in one day and also prepare 500 page presentations.
Pros: L'Oreal provides the opportunity for Brand Manager to work... 
- On a large variety of brands in Beauty
- In multiple distribution channels 
- Both in brand and product development (sometimes simultaneously)
- On market-leading brands
- Fast career progression vs. CPGs (can also be negative, depending on person)

Cons: Incredibly high employee turnover, obstensibly due to the fact that the place is a madhouse. "Hurry up and wait" mentality. Nothing ever done the same way twice. Constant struggle not to drown in workload. Very superficial - like the products they make, are concerned with beauty and packaging, and that applies to employees too. You will succeed here if you are pretty, and accustomed to people changing their minds every two seconds. If you're not a favorite on the fast track to success, don't expect any attention or career development. And say goodbye to your work/life balance, at any level.
Advice: I don't think my feedback would help - company is firmly rooted in its French culture.
Pros: Compensation and benefits are pretty good. Huge focus on creativity and innovation (which is great, if you're in a "creative" or "innovative" function). Some nice perks, like free products and summer hours.

Cons: The manager I worked for was very rigid, didn't share extensive knowledge about the company with employees, and generally only gave negative feedback to employees.  Other managers were not at all like that person - it was a fun and interesting place to work.
Advice: Keep up the quarterly employee appreciation events for employees.  Continue to company store for employees - it was great to buy Lancome products at a 50% discount!
Pros: Working in Sales Support gave one the opportunity to try out new products before they became available to the public.  At the time, we were also given credits every two months to use in the company store where Maybelline's parent company's (L'Oreal USA) products were sold to employees at 50% off the retail price.

Cons: Senior management tends to be demotivating. In addition, it's hard to get projects approved since there seem to be an inordinate number of people involved in each decision. As others have noted, work-life balance essentially does not exist here, unfortunately.

People at all levels are encouraged to be headstrong and at times belligerent, which is surprisingly often considered to be a strength. The most unfortunate thing actually is that a substantial portion of the workplace feels this way and puts up with it to be within the beauty industry.
Advice: Try to look at best practices from well-run organizations. Accept the fact that the company is doing many things poorly that should be significantly retooled rather than just swept under the rug.
Pros: As others have noted, it's pretty good on the resume, particularly if you are very into the beauty industry. It will make you tougher. Advancement is indeed possible.

Cons: - Work/life balance can be a challenge
- Lots of layers to get through to get to a decision
- Not a lot of emphasis is placed on turnover by sr mgt which results in a lot of great employees leaving the company
- Below average people management skills from middle to senior managers
Advice: Place more emphasis on managers to develop strong leadership skills to drive retention. Constant turnover can and have hurt the health of the brands and business.
Pros: - Great benefits
- Fast pace culture, change is always on the horizon which keeps the work interesting
- Fun brands if into cosmetics and personal care
- Lots of promotional opportunities if located in the east coast

Cons: The company and industry is gender skewed, leaning heavily towards the females and gay men, who make up the majority of the brand managers and marketing people. However, most sales people and top executives at the company are straight male. 

As mentioned in the pros, your experience comes down to the brand you choose and your "fit" and unfortunately, if you don't "fit" expect to be marginalized.... very quickly!  (After all this is a company that is majority female and gay male... bitchiness is usually the order of the day.) Also, the brand's culture will dictate your "expected" work ethic and if people (your senior managers, etc.) are staying in the office until 11:30pm because they have work to do, then they expect you to be right there with them, even if you've finished everything you've been asked to do.

Unfortunately, you can run into some really really terrible people at the company as well(I know, I know... this can happen to you anywhere you choose to work). However, these terrible people are a special breed and if they are in a leadership position it is high-school all over again as they develop cliques of sycophants. This doesn't happen often, but i've seen it happen, and it's quite sad (and kinda funny) to see and hear your co-workers constantly gush over the boss as though she were the head cheerleader... (come on people!).
Advice: Advice to leadership would be to identify the brands that have the happiest employees, and see if you can emulate the cause for the happiness in other brands.
Pros: The company is the most prestigious in the beauty industry so it's great to have on your resume. Depending on your title/function and the brand you work for it can be really rewarding. What is important is that you speak to as many people as possible about the culture of the brand (SERIOUSLY!) before signing on to a brand as the cultures vary GREATLY from division to division and (most certainly) from brand to brand. Working for Redken for example, expect to find a younger group of hip and trendy New Yorkers who are allowed to come to work everyday in jeans, and can expect to go to sales meetings in Hawaii and Las Vegas. This differs from L'Oreal's CPD division, where employees get a lot of hands on experience working with major money-making brands, do a lot more quant based work (scanning their Nielsen numbers every 2 minutes) and have to be dressed "for business" everyday. 

The pay is alright (among the best in the industry - but it's not banker or consultant money) and if you do well and negotiate well you will be able to advance in your career and make a solid living.

Cons: Being that the senior management is almost entirely French, there is a slight lack of understanding of the US market. Nothing that cannot be overcome, however.
Advice: Invest more in technology. Laptops for all employees, better technology services, wifi on site, etc, would make a huge difference for all.
Pros: L'Oreal is one of the leading brands in the world, and it is an honor to work here. There is a diversity of brands within L'Oreal USA to work on, covering everything from cosmetics to ethnic hair care. Not only is there something for everything, generally the people are good to work with.

Cons: *Management seems indecisive, changing their minds often
*Dynamic, fast-paced industry = higher levels of stress & more challenging assignments
*Longer hours
Advice: Think longer term, and set the strategy.  Revisions to the strategy should be made carefully, and not in a seemingly knee-jerk fashion.
Pros: *Opportunities to work on everything from tactics to overall brand strategy
*Wide variety of projects
*Exciting industry and amazing brands
*Lower level employees are asked for input
*Passionate workplace
*Located in the heart of Manhattan

Cons: Management overly focused on education level rather than proven experience.
Management can block transfer requests and occurs frequently to protect resources within team.
Salaries are not competitive with other Research & Development shops.
Infighting and political battles between US R&D & French R&D teams, leads to toxic (at times) environment.
Advice: Look to employees first, then open reqs to the general population.
Create better JD & Career path
Look at compensation to make more competitive.
Pros: Good benefits, 401k, pension, health.
Co-workers were intelligent and fun to work with.
Large company could provide opportunities for growth (depending on manager).

Cons: Very caddy work envrionment and often times politics are rampant
Very little work/life balance. They expect you to work long hours, even though the pay isn't great
Not a good training program
Advice: Offer better training to new hires and provide them with the neccessary tools to succeed.
Diversify the workforce and hire more people with different backgrounds
Pros: Lots of fun parties
You get a lot of discounts on L'Oreal products including the Armani, Kiehls, YSL
Great H.R Department willing to listen to your issues

Cons: They lack work/ life balance. You have to work late hours due to fast pase launches. If you're single and can put in the hours you can advance.
Advice: More internal recognition to their employees for their efforts.
Pros: Great company with opportunities for growth. Expect to work long hours but if you put in the time you have opportunities for advancement. They give you alot of responsibility real fast which can help you grow professionally if you can handle the pressure.

Cons: Poor communication, Political and it all where you are French or French Canadian, No leader ship, Everyone is scare of getting fried at all level of management other then the French connected people.  New leadership training does not work and people are afraid to make a decisions  in fear of getting fried...All decisions are make made by many meetings and political. It is like living in Communism...
Advice: Upper management should be fired and management should trust people to do their jobs.
Pros: Ability for movement in organization but not necessary upward.  Good to gain experiences

Cons: long hours
not so great pay
caddy environment
extremely small staffed teams -people are overworked and burnt out
HR is not very responsive
completely unorganized firm, good luck finding things
Advice: focus on work life balance
provide incentives for meritocracy periodically, your most talented individuals are losing incentive to stay
Pros: brand known for strong "training" program
ability to work with different brands
great location
fast-paced
corporate discount in company store

Cons: Promotions and raises are not communicated very well prior to receiving them and can come as a surprise when you hear about others getting promoted.
Advice: The French culture is very much throughout the business and is good in terms of corporate identity. However, the pressures from the French labs is sometimes questionable.
Pros: Benefits package is great including half-day Fridays during the summer and health insurance. The average employee age is young at R&D so good for entry-level employees.

Cons: very little work/life balance
if you are not a favorite- don't bother showing up for work!
very little middle management- so company is run by entry level and senior management- don't expect anyone to help you make decisions.
very competitive
Advice: take the MAP/TAP process seriously
listen to employees and customers
provide targeted on the job training
know target operating model (TOM) and communicate it to the staff - so everyone is on the same page
invest in better technology -  to streamline processes and keep up with the competition
Pros: great product- who doesn't love make-up
great discount at company stores & outlets
fun co-workers when on the right team

Cons: It can be very cut throat, there is no work/life balance to speak of and individuals are not necesarilly promoted based on merit.
Advice: need to listen to your VPs and mid-level managers to get a sense of reality.
Pros: A lot of excitement, first to market opportunities, very stimulating

Cons: absolutely no work life balance
Advice: work life balance needs to come from top management- working around the clock is leading to burnout
Pros: Great products, learn marketing, fabulous exposure, glamorous

Cons: Some higher members of staff think its perfectly ok to treat other 'lower' members of staff poorly (i.e. maintenance, mailroom, etc.)
Advice: It's 2010, all employees deserve respect regardless of their title.
Pros: Collaborative team, enjoyable office environment.

Cons: not flexible, hierarchy, competition, long recruitment process after internship
Advice: no special comment. follow the current strategy and the success is there
Pros: allow a great evolution, high skilled management

Cons: No carrier development
No training
Unless you’re French you go nowhere.
Promotions giving to the ones that K.Ass
Very incompetent upper managers
Advice: Stop treating employees like slaves.
Pros: Product discount
Majority of people working are good.

Cons: People at L'Oréal need to fit a certain mold :show-off, tell the boss he is great even if you think the opposite, laugh to jokes that are not funny and use the same expressions as everyone just like sheep, try to look just like every other employee in the company. If you do not fit that mold and if you express critical thinking towards that mold, beware : you will be pointed out as... weird.
You are told during your internship that if you have an excellent evaluation in the end, you will get hired. That is a big fat lie to squeeze the juice out of you at a low price (interns are paid much less than employees of course). The people who get hired at L'Oréal are not the best but the ones who perfectly fit the mold described in the 1st paragraph. And they say they are all about diversity...
Instead of hiring, L'Oréal relies on (cheap) interns. They are asked to take important responsabilities and commit fully to their job, but are not informed of major decisions (that they need to know to do their job correctly).
Advice: You won't get anything good out of your employees if they don't have the power to criticize.
Be honest with your interns from the start : they choose to come to L'Oréal because you promise to hire them if they deliver excellent work. If you can't keep that promise (and know you won't), I don't know what to say about your ethics.
Pros: Good salary, products for free
Leadership and responsabilites on projects
Overall, you learn a lot and companies will value you when you will look for a job if you have L'Oréal on your resume.

Cons: Not a place to work if you are looking to develop a career... 
Takes forever for a promotion (general speaking)
Many "Senior" level positions have been eliminated - leaves nothing to work towards
Management less than competent and very old school - afraid to think outside the box
Communication is sub par for a company this size and age
Raise is pretty much non existent and bonus is "profit sharing" and not based o performance
Top down corporate culture
Culture not conducive to someone that is forward thinking, risk taker, innovator (outside of R&D and product development) 
Education Assistance is dependent on what manager thinks of you - if they don't like you forget about getting assistance
Narrow minded - have been told by many people on many levels that marketing is hard to get into and they only take Ivy league or top 25 business school graduates
Diversity they rave about is not apparent - 
and the list goes on... if you want a career - don't work here...
Advice: Take a survey of your employees and find out who is truly happy and how effective management really is... Work on developing loyalty to employee - recognize and develop talent when you have it - implement continuous training and education for management -
Pros: Benefits are great - company store option, free goods, good bags on holidays and events, philanthropy and humanitarian work - some of the people are really nice- holiday schedule and summer hours that run from mid May to mid September 
Women in positions of management

Cons: Micro management
Need to speak French
Lack of innovation unless you work in Paris
No strategic value unless you are a senior manager in Paris
Some people have been promoted simply as they have been there a long time even if they lack any common sense and judgement
They never think you'll leave
Some senior managers will not even recognise junior people's exsistence
The CEO thinks this therefore you think this
Advice: Look for the young bright sparks and promote them accordingly not purely on time accrued  
Take on management consultants, they are expensive but they will make you more efficient
All countries do not operate the same, a product may work in one place and not in another, local staff need to be able to speak up
Senior management from Paris need to hit reality, dare to speak to some junior people and ask them honestly what they think not just the people trying to impress you to get your jobs.
Pros: Responsibility for a project
The girls
The name of your resume
Potential to progress quickly due to high turnover of staff

Cons: A lot of working hours +50/week. Everyone is from the same generation and no real experienced people around to look up for. No real over your career as they have a path for you and even if you may voice a certain interest in a certain position they will not grant it to you if they have another idea for you. THERE IS NO FAIRNESS IN HOW POSITION ARE GRANTED.
Advice: The arrogance of L'Oréal HR on how they take control of someone's career or think what is best for you needs to change if they want to keep good people with competencies. They have to be more transparent and more fair in the way they give promotions. They need to have a more representative mix of people, not only young, but more experienced people.
Pros: You gain a lot of experience in a very short period of time. Collegues are young, fun and have a great positive energy. There are a lot of opportunities always available within the comapnies.

Cons: Very difficult to move forward if you are not "connected" politically
Criteria for promotions not well defined.
If you're not in the management trainee program, you will have trouble moving ahead.
Advice: The company does not do a good job of describing the criteria necessary to move forward.  For example, after 3 consecutive "Exceeds Expectation" reviews, I was still left in the same position as when I started.  Persons I started work with in the management trainee (Tracker) program, who had the same career path and lesser performance reviews, have received promotions and I have not.  There are more people working for the company than those!
Pros: Ability to quickly gain a lot of experience in different areas.
Management does not micro-manage
Good work-life balance.
Very competitive benefit package.

Cons: The work life balance was shocking for me. I worked very long hours and so did my superiors, even though most were married and had family. But looking back, overall the work was enjoyable and I gleaned a lot of satisfaction from seeing results first hand. I also learned a lot and was given incomparable levels of responsibility. I definitely don't regret my time here.
Advice: The younger employees needed more role models - someone to model their career after.
Pros: I was on the management trainee track at this company and as a previous reviewer notes, I would highly recommend that anyone entering this company do so this way. Though the initial interview process was grueling, I felt that I was given clear benefits and opportunities for training.

Cons: Long working hour and hard to balance work and life
Poor supporting departments ( ex. IT ) 
People are very aggressive in certain divisions
Advice: Give more power to young managers
Be open to employees from non-French speaking countries. It's very obvious that employees who don't speak French has less chance to get promoted
Learn English. It's funny to see a French senior manager cannot give an English presentation.
Pros: Opportunities to work in different subsidiaries and headquarters
Well known brand names
Reasonable salary 
Nice to have on the resume

Cons: No worklife balance, 
L'Oreal recruits people from high education background in prestigious universities, the elite, but asks them to act like sheeps, 
interns do not get  hired even if they work crazy hours for months, 
very authoritarian environment, you cannot criticize management
Very competitive environment
Advice: treat nicely and fairly your employees, use more meritocracy, balance your life, show more respect to people in general (business partners, colleagues, customers...)
Pros: Good pay, good products for free, very young, good looking and "cool" employees, good to have that company name on your resume

Cons: I took a managerial position in sales for a short time, then decided to quit. In L'Oreal your career depends not on your professionalism, but on your relationship with management. Whether they like you or not. Criticism is not welcome, you have to say that all is fine, even if it is not so. Speaking French means a lot too. Top managers do not care to answer your mails, business processes are not structured.
I worked in Ukraine, maybe in the L'Oreal USA the situation is different.
Advice: Respect your employees. Aren't we worth it?
Pros: International company with a name. A lot of products are given free to the employees.

Cons: Too large and sometimes a little too corporate.  Some brands need to be refreshed but management is still used to how the brand is and not as open to change.
Advice: Be open to different ideas, even if may be not the usual expectations from the brand.  Could also work on improving the work/life balance of employees there and empasizing more collaboration within departments.
Pros: A great place to learn about marketing in the beauty industry and the name will open a lot of doors in the future.  Projects are fun and exciting.

Cons: -hands-off training style, very sink-or-swim attitude 
-poor communication all-around; you spend more time in meetings getting people on the same page than accomplishing actual work/making decisions
-company culture can be rather off-putting
Advice: -improve coordination/communication between various departments
-encourage more innovative/out-of-the-box styles of leadership/idea generation
Pros: -lots of opportunity for upward movement, as well as movement across different divisions and brands
-solid benefits package and perks (early release on Fridays in the summer, $75 free goods bi-monthly, etc)

Cons: Long hours, Traditional Office Politics
Advice: As the company has grown over the past decade, the "red tape" is without a doubt getting thicker and thicker. I would suggest taking a look at efficiencies of current processes and mechanisms and how productivity could be increased with reduced "red tape."
Pros: L'oreal gives you more responsibility than most companies do--usually experience that at most companies you would not get until at a director or VP level--If you can do well in your role you get promoted very quickly

Cons: -the French influence can create some tendencies towards too much bureaucracy and written policies and requirements, vs. assessing what is value-added to the business
Advice: -offer French language training to equalize career opportunities
-share more detailed financial information internally- P&L data, margins, etc., at an item level- it's difficult to make the right decisions without understanding the profit implications
Pros: -the work is demanding but both challenging and exciting.
-there are many opportunites for promotions or for moving to other functional areas

Cons: Long hours (10PM + at least 2 nights per week)
Tuition Reimbursement is not enough
Promotions seem to be based on popularity or "face"
Inflexible to work arrangements (no working from home)
Vacation starts at 2 weeks
No procedures or controls
Micro-manage everything; too detailed
Advice: Promote deserving candidates.  Also, promote more domestic employees.  Management needs to be more well-rounded.  Too many managers only know their one area.  The DMI structure does not work well for the US companies.
Pros: Great People
#1 Beauty Company
Innovative
Fun
Opportunities to create processes/change processes

Cons: If you do not like a fast paced environment, then L'Oreal might not be for you. You also have to be able to handle working in a slightly unstructured environment. Many enjoy the unstructured side because it allows for creativity.
Advice: Management is doing a good job.
Pros: L'Oreal is a very dynamic place to work. There is never a dull moment and things are always moving forward. If you are ambitious and a great performer, the sky is the limit.

Cons: Unstructured work processes, lacking personal management, very focused on pleasing top management in France who has a some what micro management approach to subsidiaries, interns are treated unfairly and the intense work pressure means interns are exploited = long working hours, low pay and where the monkey often ends when something goes bad...
Advice: Focus more on your employees and treat them as an asset instead of as a commodity...
Pros: A great place to get hands on experience with many areas

Cons: Although the leader in Beauty Care, extremely reactive. A lot of time is spent working on projects that are initially viewed as "important" that are cancelled after one visit from management in Europe.
Advice: Limit the number of projects that make it into the development phase that do not have full support of management.
Pros: Great benefits and wonderful people to work with each day.  Excellent opportunity to learn a lot and work in a dynamic industry.

Cons: New management tries to change the company. I think that it damages to the firm's popularity. These actions should be rewieved
Advice: I advice to management about getting logical firing decisions. If the operational costs of company is too high it can't be solved by sending people
Pros: Fast moving consumer goods sector is so thrilling for work.  L'oreal is in this sector, so it is a good idea to work

Cons: Marketing rolls are more implementation rather than creative
Hard to shine in the organization
Huge number of reports
Poor geographic location
Really bad respect for work life balance
Poorly resourced and understaffed
Mammoth workload
No real job description
Advice: Take the time to genuinely recognize staff for their efforts
Increase number of staff
Make effort to respect work/life balance
Pros: Very young dymanic environment with an solid team
Access to free/cheap cosmetics
Fun launch parties and seminars
Great to liase with media

Cons: Lazy people need not apply!  If you need a job and aren't interested in investing your energy in a career, then go work somewhere else.
Advice: Don't hire people who aren't all in!!
Pros: Work here for a career, not a job!
Passionate and hardworking corporate culture!
Motivated career enthusiasts
Opportunities for go getters
Lots of managers with more than 10 yrs in the company

Cons: It exists a huge Gap between Managers from L'oreal PT when compared with other FMCG in Portugal. They lack on management and HR skills, very  authoritarian environment with few chances of carreer progress for the below HR levels. No rotation between Internal structure and no outside recruitment for Midlle management.
Consequence: Old Managers using always the same formula of managemen and very demanding and authoritary. Or, very unexperient expatriat that are promoted to Directors levels, managing teams of PM with more experience then them, creating a very bad environment and lack of credibility doing business.
The average stay for new commers in MKTG is 2 years maximum, because of the bad pressure of the managers near levels below, to do things quick with lack of resources, bad salaries and exploiting at maximum, the new trainnes and recent product managers, with hours and hours of administrative/mecanic work, and no strategy or whatsoever.
No respect for the operational colaborators, neither Product managers. The mentality is that PM are priviledge to work there, even in extreme bad conditions of authoritarian environment. No room for autonomy and meritocracy. I dont recomend L'oreal Portugal to work on, at all.
Advice: For Managers: Get a life, besides work, and let other have it too! 
I dont believe the company will ever figure how to be a Great place to work. Learn with the competition, and learn to be open minded, hearing everyone in the company: from the lady that cleans toilets to the recent trainnee just arrived, because everyone deserves 1st respect and the benefict of doubth that it has some inteligence. Thats DIVERSITY, and that's what enriches the companies... diversity blend.
Pros: The proximity with Innovative products only.
Quick way of getting a good idea of how the market works, how the company thinks, and the dinamic of each segment on the cosmetic field.
Very glamorous world, only on the advertising. No such glamour on a daily basis, but very hard work, with no balance in the quality life.

Cons: l'oreal usa tends to work its middle management hard - work/life balance is hard to maintain due to the expectations of middle managers (especially production)
Advice: provide more live feedback regarding individual performance to management - a lot is encouraged for hourly folks; same expectation should be given to management.
Pros: l'oreal usa offers a great opportunity to advvance your career quickly.

Cons: very to little advancement opportunities and the bonuses have been crappy the last couple of years
Advice: stop laying off top talent!  You could do a better job of retaining good employees.
Pros: the products and the people - great company image.

Cons: Laborious hours, trying personalities often worked side by side- otherwise it was not too bad. Summer meant, going home earlier in the day-
Advice: Please be more attentive to the small 'fish'- sometimes we'd like to be heard. Perhaps have of a more 'open door' policy
Pros: Freebies!
Lots of attention given by human resources, direct boss-
Everyone was very helpful, understanding and give plenty of advice upon request--

Cons: long working hours, politics; french chaotic style
Advice: be open to suggestions
Pros: learning a lot; L'Oreal as Nr. 1 cosmetic company : you  wrok for the best

Cons: the worse for me is internal comuniccation
Advice: 
Pros: i think that is a place wiht a lot of opportunities at the beggining, after that is more complicated to grow

Cons: Very difficult at making project decisions.
Advice: Make decisions in a timely manner and stick with them.
Pros: Excellent benefits
Fast Paced Organization
Good work environment

Cons: Sometimes the politics is overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: Competant co workers, innovation and autonomous working evironment, appreciation for the quality of work, long but satifying working hours.
Good cultural and entertainment approach.

Cons: no procedures, average salary when compared to other companies, long working hours
Advice: give feedbakc more often
Pros: creative chaos, flexibility, no procedures, very interesting and open minded people, atmosphere.

Cons: No work life balance

Extremely manual work flow processes

Lack of proper structures and control
Advice: Streamline operations to achieve better efficiency
Pros: Prestigious Company

Exposure to media and high profile events

Cons: You're squeezed like a lemon.
Advice: Good luck.
Pros: A good calling card on your resume.  You get a discount on products.
