Cons: Work-life balance can be rough if you're a software engineer in certain orgs. Most engineers I met were forced into participating in on-call support rotations. When you're on-call, be prepared to skip most travel or any event where you can't reach a laptop to be online to respond within 10 minutes. 

We were told by management that, in order to meet our requirements, we should avoid going to movies, sporting events, and to avoid areas where cell service wasn't consistent, and anywhere that we couldn't get internet service quickly. Be ready to skip workout classes, school events, long walks, or even scenarios where you may potentially get stuck in traffic. 

These on-call shifts may last for a few hours/day up to an entire week at a time depending on your team's rotation policy. There is no real compensation for work done during on-call shifts or for being on call. Your manager may give you some flexibility in your working hours to compensate.

Some upper managers are really into doublespeak and cognitive dissonance. When multiple teams were laid off to move headcount to sites in other countries (without reasoning given), the VP of the org bragged of record growth and profits while simultaneously telling everyone that they need to tighten up and work harder because they were now inexplicably short-staffed.
Advice: Be realistic about work-life balance and look at staffing levels and on-call policies.
Pros: Base pay and benefits are decent, coworkers are great! Lots of good and varied opportunities if you find the right teams.

Satya promotes a good overall direction.

Cons: Many old timers in top level management who talk about D&amp;I but do not follow it. Retaliated and bullied by manager for raising a D&amp;I issue despite strong evidence. HR didn’t act to rectify either. D&amp;I is just in the books but not in practice at all: Some internal processes are extremely slow. Promotions are highly subjective and seem based on tenure instead of performance. Got top performer of the year last year and after raising a D&amp;I issue within 3 months , moved to bottom most performer despite all kudos and appreciation from 360 peer feedback. Ratings are at the mercy of the manager!
Advice: Standup for what is right and do not support old timers just because of their tenure in the company . Makes the work place very toxic. Make performance ratings mix of a manger feedback and 360 peer feedback. Take away undue bullying power from 1st line management and do weighted average score from 360 feedback for performance.
Pros: Great company benefits. You can see some great people managers and leaders but also not so capable and very egoistic/arrogant who are still with the company due to their tenure. Leads to a toxic web of management circle sometimes due to their relationship with each other over years. Makes any good thing hard to surface after layers of politics.

Cons: Sometimes callers aren't initially the most friendly at the start of the call, but if you're great with de-escalation, working with harried folks, and good at providing swift support solutions, by the end of the call you will happily turn it around and often end up with a new friend

The software supported is changing and being improved/updated so rapidly it's impossible to know it all, but with the right skill set it's not too difficult to find instant answers for just about everything
Advice: Continue to demonstrate the care and appreciation I experienced as this team is one of the very best I've ever worked for
Pros: Never bored as there's a plethora of workloads to share making fun demanding work days quickly come out of hyper space into a contrasting slow relaxing weekend

Managers constantly check in on you and make sure you know they're available to assist in any capacity

Compensation is outstanding 

All the players on the teams are excellent to work with and immediately you feel like you're in with an band of brothers
