Cons: Beware of the cafeteria, it has an amazing chef like taken out of a fairy tale and very affordable gourmet food; you might end up packing some extra pounds. To mitigate this, make sure to go to the fitness center nearby.
Advice: I'll just use this space to once again express my dearest gratitude to RMD!
Pros: -Specialized mentoring, you even get to choose your mentor and he/she will be a company director.
-Lots of exposure to IVD industry milestone accomplishment, you will experience what happens within a company when this kind of events occur.
-Your involvement within your internship project will have freedom to a degree that will allow you to personalize your contributions with your own creativity and intelligent initiatives. 
-People are really nice and have an amazing sense of humor, most seniors are friends among each other and that creates an awesome collaborative environment. 
-You'll have the time of your life!

Cons: Roche has completely changed its culture over the last 10 years from being "family like" oriented; looking out for one another; helping each other; and happy for the success of not only the company but fellow co-workers to one of: 
backstabbing at every turn; 
massive CYA on every project or assignment; 
no decision making because of fear of losing your job; 
an environment of making it necessary to be "one of the good ole boys/girls" (i.e. exceptional work no longer gets you promoted...now it is ONLY who you know higher up and how much have you kissed that person 's rear); 
HUGE HR discipline issues...they HAVE to blame someone so make sure you do what everyone else does and massively CYA (you will be disciplined for things that you didn't even do...I was given a written warning and documented counseling for the failure of a project that I and 12 others were assigned to complete over the course of 12 months, and the part that needed my assistance was at the end (still 6 months away from being discussed)...I was not even invited to the initial meetings because they didn't need me, but it became a total guilt by association).
Advice: They won't listen so it's pointless to add anything here.
Pros: Pay is decent as are health benefits; good 401k matching program; many departments allow work from home a few days during the week.

Cons: Compensation has been declining over the years. Benefits are good, but salaries are low and upper management seems reluctant to keep their pay rates competitive with anything but the lowest of industry estimates. Vertical movement is difficult to achieve. Contract/temp workers are not paid competitively and are 'forced' into cut-rate benefits policies from Roche's choice of staffing firms. Management ignores the contract workers and seems hesitant to provide any kind of advancement opportunities. Some temps have been here 8 YEARS doing consistently great work but are overlooked for permanent positions.
Advice: Roche's benefits program used to make up for it's low rate of pay but this is not the case anymore. Management needs to put some serious thought into restructuring their current compensation plans to keep them competitive. Treat temp workers better; many of them are fantastic employees but are passed over for external hires. If you are going to cultivate talent, then encourage and utilize it instead of diminishing it.
Pros: Working at Roche is like being part of a family. People look out for each other and act in a manner that is friendly and professional. This company is great to start out with, has amazing opportunities for those who are willing to diversify their skill set, and is an overall joy to work for. Management works with their employees and aims to take care of their own.

Cons: Roche is a very political organization with very few experienced people in mid- and senior management level positions. Employees are not judged on their contributions; they're often judged based on who likes whom resulting in significant amounts of mobbing (bullying). Consequently, top talent frequently leaves the company and this is weakening their sales and marketing strength. And if you're a woman in the organization, your chances of being promoted to a management position are slim. This is a company that actually has an MBO to promote women into management roles. What does that tell you about how women are really thought of at Roche? If you're a man and you know how to mob your staff, your chances of getting ahead are far more increased. Treating your staff fairly just doesn't seem to be the real Roche way even though you will read that 81% of employees are happy working at Roche. It's rubbish! Don't believe one word that Roche employees are so satisfied with working there. If you are considering a position with this company, don't walk...RUN in the opposite direction!
Advice: Roche has a plethora of tools such as their Code of Conduct book and their Employee Appraisal/Evaluation process book that they give to employees when they're hired. Perhaps Mr. Schwan and his Sr. HR team should pull them out of their drawers, dust the covers off and re-educate and remind themselves as to how to truly treat and respect their employees.
Pros: The salary and benefits are quite good. Roche enjoys a good reputation in the IVD. The jobs are interesting and challenging.

Cons: Work life balance can be a struggle at times.  The organization is very sales and marketing focused and can lose sight of other intangibles.  Lastly, some business units are struggling and may have a limited future within the Roche Diagnostics Corporation.  Makes sure to know which ones these are before applying for a position.
Advice: Continue make strives in making Roche the best place to work.  However do not lose site that being a great place to work is not just sales performance.
Pros: Making Roche the top employer in the state and in the country is a top priority of management.  Several changes have been made over the past 8yrs to accomplish this.  They have also firmly planted a 'stake in the ground' with the renovation of the entire campus.  The threat of leaving Indianapolis is virtually gone.  They also have a robust individual development plan for their employees.  Great benefits and pay as well.

Cons: Poorly defined pathway from contract worker to regular employee status. Undefined of uncommunicative guidelines to achieve this goal.
Advice: The proverbial "stick" is firing, which is perfectly reasonable. The "carrot" for a contract worker is the possibility of joining full staff as a regular employee. However, the carrot is fuzzy, like embarking on a journey of unknown distance, duration, and difficulty. If quantitative performance benchmarks existed, the achievement of which would result in hiring, directed competition would be fostered which would increase profitability beyond the payroll liability  incurred. Set the bar as high as you want, and see who meets it; I dare you.
Pros: This is an effective team with a worthy mission. A culture of independence (rather than micro-management) is fostered. There are many company events of actual interest.

Cons: Lots of complexity in all areas that goes well beyond that of a large corporation. Risk averse, yet there is constant pressure to innovate. The overly process-oriented environment stifles creativity, while the corporate culture rewards a select few that are chosen for fast-track promotions. Depending on the work area, the pressure in marketing to achieve goals while dealing with process run-arounds can make work-life balance a challenge.
Advice: If you truly want innovation, find ways to support a culture that is not so burdened with risk aversion and  values creativity, rather than cookie cutter solutions.
Pros: Very competitive benefits and nice perks. Most people are very nice. The Swiss values of the company are very ethical and environmentally focused. Most of the products help people, so it can be personally fulfilling to contribute to healthcare industry.

Cons: If you are lucky enough to have a pension from this company you are a marked target.  They will find a way to get rid of you so they don't have to pay it. When you hear "it was a business decision" you'll know they just saved themselves some money at the expense of your years of loyalty and commitment.
Advice: There is a special place reserved for those of you doing the dirty work.  It is immoral and unethical and you have to look in the mirror every day.
Pros: Benefits are good but used to be better...job security used to be good but now is gone forever. You can be the hardest working employee and one day...it's taken from you for no reason at all. So be loyal to the highest bidder and change companies often.  Chase the dollar and new opportunities.

Cons: Management proclaims a certain culture, but they do to live it. Their internal survey ranked high because there are so many new employees who haven't learned what is really under the hood. Highly political and hierarchal. It would depend what area you work in and who you work for on how you will do. Go to Genentech which they own better environment and culture.
Advice: Not optimistic the management would really care as it shows in the environment. A lot of fluff, unless you are in upper management.
Pros: Great benefits and PTO.  The campus is nice and company has growth with acquisitions and within the industry.

Cons: Even tho I was terminated, I still don't really have anything negative to say about the company.  Some areas have the "mob mentality" so if you're the newest member and someone doesn't like you, it could be rough if leadership puts their trust in the wrong people.  Peer to peer feedback is encouraged and accepted, but unfortunately there are still people who prefer drama over professionalism.  Every company has a few cons, but at Roche the pros far out way the cons for anyone who can rise above the few bad apples, can accept as well as give constructive feedback , and that depict the Roche Cultural Beliefs in everything they do.
Advice: Stay true to your leadership training and the Roche Cultural Beliefs.  I believed in my leadership and trusted them to have my best interest heart.  I believed them when they told me "your performance and work ethic will take you far in your career here," "your dedication to the team, our customers, and stake holders is inspiring and present in everything you do," "you're a rockstar and can't wait to see all the great things you will accomplish." I was told there were members of my team that were threatened by me.  I asked how to approach that and was told I had nothing to worry about.  I asked because I wanted to be respectful and a positive addition to an established team, and as an admin my role was to support the team in anything they needed.  I was no threat because I was the only admin there wasn't any competition so to speak. I supported leadership that trusted my ability to get things done correctly the first time, and at times that put me in situations to where I was leading a task that would normally have been something the other members of the team would do prior to me joining the department.  Due to my experience in a different role within the organization it made perfect business sense for me to complete the task, and I even went as far as offering to work with the other members and advise them who to reach out to in order to avoid any delays so that they could easily lead the task and I could just be support if needed.  My leadership failed me by not following their training, the Roche Cultural Beliefs, and Roche policy regarding corrective action or disciplinary action.  Had they done so, I could've have proven with multiple emails and provided the names of the individuals who I worked with to complete 2 very specific tasks that I was rewarded with Applause points for stepping in and completing, yet were used as examples of "ineffective performance" and resulted in my termination.  It's unethical and morally wrong to terminate an employee for
"Ineffective performance" when there are disciplinary records and no documented counseling for performance concerns or anything for that matter,  less than 2 weeks after telling them they are meeting and exceeding expectations at their level and performing some duties at the next level. It's very apparent that I was targeted and failed a popularity contest with my peers; but if a peer is threatened by a peer and fails to give feedback because they are not professional and adult enough to do so and instead complains to leadership, it's leaderships responsibility to address the situation with both employees because you can't be held accountable for something you don't know about it.
Pros: Fantastic benefits, great opportunities for advancement, leadership truly encourages a healthy work-life balance, majority of employees are genuine and believe in the work they do. Hard work and innovation is rewarded.

Cons: Sometimes the people were overly nice and difficult to read.  Transparency with employees could have been better.  Managers need to be straight with employees.  I felt employees did not have a good, truthful understanding of why their careers may not have been progressing the way they wanted it to.  Too much "Group Think" often stifled innovation.
Advice: Clearer Career Paths and Competencies are a MUST for an organization this size.  Employees need better direction from management on career planning and what competencies they need to demonstrate to be considered for different roles, promotions or even a lateral move.
Pros: The organization paid well and the environment was very professional and collaborative.    The culture was good and programs were being implemented to further enhance the culture.

Cons: For part of my time with Roche, I worked virtually which id a difficlut way to work. This would be true anyway your home was your office, but I missed the contact both personally and professionally.
Advice: I had a fabulous boss who gave me leeway to accomplish my work with much freedom. I was always treated with respect and when something went wrong, as it will in any job, they handled it with professionalism, not recriminations.
Pros: A great place to work for people who are serious about the pharmaceutical industry. They treat employees with respect and job are clearly defined. It was one of the more well run pharma agencies I have worked foior

Cons: Amenities for employees are embarrassingly spare and lack some basics. Middle management and facilities staff point their fingers at the company's "miserly" CFO. This absolutely contributes to the culture here where people are not proud of being employees or as excited about the business as they should be. Unlike many Bay Area tech companies, our employees do not feel like they're being "taken along for the ride."
Advice: On site food. More communication across groups about what people are working on.
Pros: Roche benefits good. The company is very focused and effectively accomplishes research and business goals. Generally relaxed atmosphere. Friendly colleagues. Disruptive, patient care-improving products.

Cons: Very fast paced and always more work to be done than can be done.  But never boring.  Not as flexible as a start up being part of a large international company.
Advice: None
Pros: Team environment.  Lots of opportunity for development.  I have been here a long time and seen a lot of change.  Opportunities come and go, but if you are flexible, there is usually something to consider.  Good work/life balance.  Exciting to be part of a growing business and new business unit.  We are the long-timers in Roche Sequencing.  So in many ways we are paving the way.

Cons: Some Management could stand to retrained. Favoritism is blatantly shown in certain departments, which makes it a hostile work environment.
Advice: Management need to be management and not buddy buddy's with their employees. Know how to decipher between supervisory and being a friend. Let your friends be employees and not assistant supervisors with out the pay. Last but not least, if something is told to you in confidence, do not discuss the confident information with your FRIENDS!!!!!
Pros: Company is a great place to work. The facility has a great environment. They also employ some skilled and knowledgeable analysts.

Cons: The flip side of being part of a huge organization is that disconnects do occur. There are times that global processes and policies are applied, even when they don't fit.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. It's a fantastic place to work, and much of that is the result of having a leadership team who truly cares about the people of the company
Pros: Highly engaged employees who are making a difference in the community and the world. Opportunities for leadership outside of your area, with a parent company that truly cares about their employees. The benefits of both a start-up and a large organization, with a phenomenal benefit package.

Cons: U.S. Diagnostics is disconnected from customers, and often most expensive supplier.  who you know is far more important than what you can do!  If you are field-based, virtually zero chance of transition to corporate role unless you live in Indy area.  Touts creativity and contribution, but dominated by small-minded managers who think paying your dues involves sucking up shamelessly.  If you interview, prepare a brag book and a 30-60-90 plan, or stay home.
Advice: Hire & promote people who will move the company forward rather than protect the status quo.
Pros: excellent benefits, good products, generally nice people.  Well-respected and a number of leading, innovative products.

Cons: Hard to move up since you are supposedly in charge of your own career...until your area reorganizes and you get a new boss, and then the company tells you your new path. Hard to get into management unless you are technical, and technical people are not always great managers.
Advice: Stop "Peter Principling" and promote the right type of people to management roles. Train managers in how to manage and motivate.  Stop expecting people to manage their own careers if you're not going to let them.
Pros: Great benefits, good pay, founder is still involved and continues to inspire, new president is great addition.

Cons: Size and complexity can be challenging.  Individuals can be lost in the "crowd".  The messaging is right but implementation and outcomes are not always achievable.   Direction changes rapidly resulting in unfinished initiatives and frustration.  International perspectives along with regulatory and compliance differences can be seen as roadblocks to success.
Advice: Revisit the Roche culture.  Increase internal awareness of all Roche customer related initiatives across all divisions.   Improve horizontal and vertical internal communications among all divisions and employees.
Pros: Large international company offering diverse employment and growth opportunities.  Employee support and benefits are comprehensive and equally available for field and home campus employees.  Resources critical for employee success provided and supported.  Personal development encouraged.

Cons: Leadership doesn't seem to be engaged and is more concerned about protecting their friends, the their current positions.  The management seems to be unconcerned about the success of the Life Sciences group.
Advice: Life Science division leadership should be held to the same standards as leadership in Diagnostics division.  Because they are not, the sales staff is demoralized and most, if not all, are looking into alternative opportunities.  A common phase; "I'm looking to move to a position in Diagnostics".
Pros: Layoffs are frequent with the Life Science group, with 5 occurring in my 8 years at this company.  Layoffs mostly focus on those earning the most, at their given pay level, and not on quality of work.

Cons: There are a lot of "lifers" at Roche, people who have spent 20+ years with the organization - and it shows.  Fresh ideas and approaches are slow to take hold and management has very long memories, making overcoming mistakes that are bound to happen as your career progresses very difficult.   I've seen folks stalled even when they had strong advocates because of some impression that was made 7 or 8 years in the past.

Also, with the lifers, sometimes career advancement gets stiffled at a certain level.  I saw "manager ready" folks compete over and over against other lifers for single management positions, some taking 5+ years to get into a spot, even though they were quite talented.

Roche is a huge organization - with a lot of links to other US and Global organizations.  Reporting relationships and matrixing is on overload at times and who has the ability to make a decision can be very confusing.  The amount of people that have to "get aligned" to get something done is astonishing - which is why in virtually every area EXCEPT R&D, the company is way behind global competitors in process and technology (Finance, IT, HR, Customer Support, etc).  You will work hard - especially if you are salaried, as there is always more to do and arbitrary timelines to hit than there are resources to get it done.
Advice: Let go of the past and be willing to take more risks.  Don't be so afaid of failure that you don't even try - especially with people.  Growth and development is really cut short when good people are let go for risk taking or making mistakes that are non-critical to the business.  Recognize that most people are giving you everything they have - and when they hit a roadblock, try giving them something back in the way of compassion and grace - instead of showing them the door.  Stay engaged so irritants don't become problems, because when you do come down to earth and notice it - you feel your only options are drastic when earlier engagement could have prevented many problems.  Don't be afraid of authenticity when you see it.
Pros: Benefits and overall compensation are very competitive, especially at the manager level.  There are a lot of dedicated and talented people at Roche, many who are loyal, hard-working and will do whatever it takes to get the job done.

The investment in people is beginning in earnest in terms of their development, growth and getting to an authentic workplace where issues get vetted (but the lifers sometimes get in the way).

Cons: Management is a joke! They have this brotherhood, and they play around with people. No career oriented, and going with the flow, they do what the director (in his/her little kingdom) thinks its right, and not what would be best for the company.
Advice: Careful.. When Basel finds out the mess you guys and HR are doing here, that wont be nice...
Pros: People are friendly, very professional, and the benefits are awesome!

Cons: Patented products expired.  Susceptible to the competition of generic medications.
Advice: None
Pros: Proactive, Employee (called Associates) Oriented, Education, Professional Development and Training Opportunities, Pleasant working environment and camaraderie among staff at all levels, Participatory Management/Open door policy,  Sponsored free family oriented events for staff and family and on-site special events for staff.  Mission Focus and Quality Control.  Employee policy manual and HR Department available.  Dispensary, gym, walking route, parking within premises.  I got greatly exposed to Pharmaceutical/Manufacturing good practices, SOPs, FDA policies and Audits, etc.  One of my best working experiences.

Cons: Very "clubby" upper management so playing politics necessary.  Lots of re-organization across many business areas very disruptive.  Pharma rules the roost as Dia is definitely the "little brother".
Advice: Practice what you preach with respect to all the Cultural Values.  Keep investing in tools and resources for employees.  Break down the wall between upper management and the rank and file.
Pros: HIgh quality products that work well.  Corporate Roche investing in the future.  PHC is key to overall company strategy and well positioned.  Leveraging Dxn and Rx for differentiation in lab market.  Roche provides employees with the resources needed to succeed.

Cons: However management will focus on metrics to an extreme instead of if the job is getting done, relationships are being built, patients are being helped as well as the numbers.  When positions are eliminated attempt to offer employees other positions within the company
Advice: Offer loyal employees affected by realignment other opportunities within the company even if in a different business unit.
Pros: Very good benefits. Most of your co-workers are professional and good to work with. Indianapolis campus is a nice environment as well.

Cons: (1) Difficult to advance into a manager's position, (2) Some departments are gender bias that are managed by a female, (3) When applying for an internal promotion, you are interviewed by your peers and management decision is primarily based upon the peers comments/ratings of the applicant not the managers'
Advice: Only management should conduct the interviews when promoting an employee. After all it was management's "sole" decision to hire the applicant not the peers.
Pros: Company has "the best" benefits for their employees. The pay is excellent providing your title has, analyst, supervisor and or manager attached to.

Cons: In the many years I worked at Roche I witnessed the culture change from a family atmosphere to a more in-personable and disingenuous atmosphere.
Advice: The success of every company depends on the success of the employee to implement the strategic plan.  Therefore, make a sincere effort to listen to the employee's challenges and try to work a compromise where both parties win.
Pros: The people affected by the realignment are forced to look elsewhere for employment and some have found greater opportunities!  So there is life after Roche!

Cons: Lincoln makes their employees work hard for what you get.  The organization is a good ole boys club slow to change and far behind in terms of IT systems.  While the bonus is nice one needs to remember there are no sick or PTO time available during the year.  They feel this is part of the bonus compensation.  Also, your annual benefit deductions are taken off the top of your bonus.  Training is missing and office politics can be troublesome in some areas.  Very cut throat.
Advice: None
Pros: The annual bonus is nice.

Cons: I ended up in a bad team. I had wanted to connect with potential mentors. If you are a recent college graduate or below 25, the majority of employees are much older. It is difficult to speak to colleagues as everyone is in meetings and they like to speak more with their long term acquaintances than the newcomers.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a very good reputation. A lot of hiring takes places between the pharmaceutical and diagnostic companies. If you end up in a good team you will have a positive experience.

Cons: - Not progressive in moving employees up through the ranks.
- If you start on a lower level, it is hard to progress
Advice: It would be great if management worried more about developing employees and grooming them to move up the company ladder
Pros: - Roche treated their employees very well and had competitive pay and great benefits.
- Great vacation and holiday package
- The work/life balance was very good, management had a good understanding of the balance

Cons: Not many entry level opportunities available for promotion after the internship.  Most job applications require 3+ years of experience, which isn't feasible from an intern just graduating college.
Advice: Offer more entry level opportunities, especially for interns interested in staying full time who have demonstrated a strong knowledge of the field and great work ethic.
Pros: Great place to work - awesome benefits for an internship (401K, high pay). Upper leadership is highly accessible, so it's quite easy to meet leadership for mentorship opportunities

Cons: Don't hire many interns at the end of the internship. The few openings that they have normally go to people already within the company or others with prior work experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible company. Honest and supportive culture. Stable industry— people will always be sick! As for the internship, you can cater it to what you're interested in and what you want to do/learn.

Cons: They didn't treat their temporary employees very well. The company they had working with temps didn't care about their employees.
Advice: Care more about all your workers including the folks that are temps because they help you daily reach your goals, they too should be rewarded like full time permanent employees
Pros: Great place to work. Bonuses were good, pto was expectional and the benefits were second to none. The pay was in line with industry standards depending on your level of experience

Cons: - easy to get stuck in one position, puts you "in a box"
- very frequent management changes, busy to create new "strategies"
- European staff (Management) has sometimes difficulties to understand US market/regulations
Advice: Stronger focus on proper execution of strategies, rather than to create new ones.  Improve retention plans for employees.
Pros: + company is science driven
+ external, cooperative mindset
+ encourages cross-functional team work
+ decent decision making process
+ decent overall benefit package

Cons: poor management from top to mid-level. good-old boys club.  No open door policy  do not complain or you will become a target regardless of how well you do at your job. love to promote friends and family so no real management.
Advice: look at what people can do and stop just promoting your friends.  Recognize good employees especially one's that make you money and get you in places your company has failed to get in before.
Pros: great reputation in market and good products.  good benefits, ok salaries and good commissions.  fair training and good retention rate if you can stay under radar

Cons: To become part of a team who works together to keep  the company moving forward and always exchanging idias so that there is growth with in the company.
Advice: A company can always make good business ones they know who are they compadeters and how to satisfy there customers.
Pros: Cause theres growth in this company and theres a bright future and opportunities to inhanace a new skill.and a secure future .

Cons: Very little innovation. Takes a long time to get something done due to consensus building. They hire from withing often which reduces new thinking and challenging of the status quo.
Advice: Bring in new people from outside of Roche.
Pros: Nice people who honestly want to do the right thing. Good benefits, support, and perks.

Cons: Bonuses are unattainable, they hire pharma managers that think they know what they're doing, rode along every 4-6 weeks (wow), administration is ridiculous, the upper management is not transparent
Advice: Let Roche take over, you don't know what you're doing. Also, stop hiring pharma managers, they ruin everything but pharma.
Pros: Roche has good benefits, the salary is good, the product is among best in class

Cons: This is the worst company ever. Don't work here if you want to work for a humane company.
Advice: Fire management that is cruel and inhumane. It's pathetic and I will personally boycott the products from the company because of that they did to us.
Pros: They let my fiance go because he came for the birth of our baby when I had an emergency c section after he asked to drive me to a pediatrician appointment because on narcotics and healing I couldn't drive. They insisted he start the day of my due date...I was late. Worst taste in my mouth ever.

Cons: Surprised at how many clock watchers are employed.   In a competitive biotech /medical sector, I don't know how those folks keep their jobs.
Advice: Keep the culture a priority.
Pros: Great people!  Lots of resources and good cross functional communication.  Oozing with opportunity if you perform your job well, know what your next move will be and know the right people.

Cons: Hard to get on full-time if you don't have a lot of experience.  Also, if you don't have at least a bacholor's degree, there is no sense in applying as they ONLY look for graduates
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a lot of great perks and great people.  Fortune 500 corporation that is good to work for and once in the company, you can make your way up the chain.

Cons: some departments are cut-throat to the point that you need to watch your back constantly
Advice: Fix HR discipline system.  One mistake causes verbal warnings and documented counseling (at least that's what I'm told) and people are so concerned about making a simple mistake that they are afraid to think outside the box.
Pros: Company cares about your well-being and treats employees fair, but....

Cons: Depending on location business is dictated by apeasment of customer, management takes side of customer in all interactions. No support of field people and constantly running well below adequate staffing levels with expectations being that statistics would be maintained at levels of fully staffed unit.
Advice: Back up your field personnel and present consistent expections both to customer and employees.
Pros: respect in industry, good compensation and benefits.

Cons: Really enjoyed the work but the project ended very abruptly when department was eliminated and project moved.
Advice: None
Pros: Contractors treated very well and made to feel like part of the team with in the Diabetes Care team. A big plus you are employedd by an in-house temp agency Pro-Unlimed so payroll taxes paid so avoiding the 1099 hassels. Also able to receive health benefits.

Cons: Feedback atmosphere encouraged...but only if it's pleasant to hear. Managers/Directors with no experience in the areas they are running.
Advice: Look to your teams and promote from within rather than seeking those who only have a desire to move around the organization. Be accepting of criticism that is honest.
Pros: Excellent benefits, great co-workers, flexibility with schedule depending on position

Cons: It's hard to start off at a lower level here. They're big on contractors.
Advice: None
Pros: My manager and his manager were both extremely supportive and open to the idea of fresh ideas and new concepts. They let me explore new things along with doing the routine work- overall a very good experience. I would go back.

Cons: I would have liked more career development at the end of the internship. I feel as though they invest in the program, and the individuals, but there is not a lot of job placement after internships.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche has a strong intern program. They do a great job of getting interns involved and really letting them add value to teams.

Cons: My manager did not provide me w/ all the information I needed to complete task, so I would have to go to him and ask for help. Then he would tell me the missing step that he hadn't mentioned the first time. So it was frustrating.
Advice: Hire more innovative people. Better train and manage managers.
Pros: Nice people and facility. Good training

Cons: it is a service in dustry job. sometimes the hours and long shifts can be really hard. working every holiday
Advice: they should continue to focus on store goals but to make sure to con side employees and the customer e
Pros: Good job, i also really liked the customers they were always very really nice. made good money for a part time job.

Cons: Once you are in there is limited on the job training. Leadership positions are arbitrarily given.
Advice: Stop promoting good project managers into people manager roles.
Pros: Pay is above average for the area. Campus remodel will modernize environment considerably. Great on-campus amenities.

Cons: The size of the organization can add complexities and inefficiency to work processes.
Advice: Keep up the good work. The financial results are strong and Roche is climbing the list of best employers!
Pros: Roche is an engaged employer making a difference in the world. The work is rewarding and the opportunities are endless.

Cons: Be careful not to make people angry, and be sure to always follow through and be present when needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of friendly people, and many are helpful.  You can get far if you are a hard worker.

Cons: Long hours. High demand. Hard to get days off or find others to fill in for you.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing. The company seems to be growing rapidly. Hire more employees to ease workload.
Pros: Great work environment. Friendly people. Good management. Good Benefits. Conveniently located. Cutting edge research.

Cons: Vertical promotions virtually non-existent. Management is a bit out of touch with floor-level workers.
Advice: Keep your ear to the ground and listen to what your employees tell you
Pros: Awesome people, great opportunities for lateral movement. Incredible exposure to new technologies and development opportunities.

Cons: Only opportunity if under 35 years old. Totally bought in to the idea that you must "develop" and change jobs every 2 years. No respect given to knowledge of the job
Advice: quit trying to being so trendy
Pros: OK Benefits and pay scale is OK for the area

Cons: Health insurance premium doesn't make sense. and high deductible plan will have no company contribution next year. super high spousal surcharge. little difference between HDP and average basic health insurance plan(about $20 difference/month), but deductible is higher than in HDP.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good 401K matching, 4+6%.

Cons: Little career advancement.  No serious development of people.
Advice: Listen to the working people's opinion about managers.  Some managers, no matter how much you value them, should not manage people.
Pros: Pay, benefits and low turnover.

Cons: Hard to become permanent employee
Advice: Keep your eyes open for young ambitious contractors like myself :)
Pros: Great culture, Roche takes pride in treating their employees extremely well.  There are also tons of fun stuff that they offer right on campus.

Cons: Some negatives with the integration with Genentech but probably resolved by now. Slower decision making with regard to process improvements
Advice: None
Pros: Great people who know how to work in an international environment. Robust pipeline and committed to underserved diseases

Cons: Bogged down by processes. Takes a lot of time to effect change. Makes it difficult to do business internally and with your customers.
Advice: Put your customer first
Pros: Great benefits. Lots of leadership and mentoring opportunities.

Cons: Work was rather tedious, office was a cube farm, job did not feel secure (entire departments were sometimes let go/restructured).
Advice: None
Pros: Co-workers and managers were helpful and available, flexible hours, seemed to be room for upward mobility.

Cons: Leadership in certain departments. Company so large it is to difficult to truly enforce cultural beliefs throughout all areas of business.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits and work life balance

Cons: Slow to change in the market.. Low commission but great base salary.
Advice: Listen to the field. Typically great management.
Pros: Stable company , great benefits, respected in the marketplace. Excellent tech support

Cons: Fear of closure in diabetes care
Advice: Clarity
Pros: High Salaries, reasonable benefits, remarkably intelligent workforce, reasonably low politics for the size of organization

Cons: Very bureaucratic. A lot of the times I would be stressed not because of the work, but because of management. Operated based on who the managers liked, everyone else was treated unfairly. I was surprised to find the work ethics I did that trailed all the way up to the Director level.
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to big company processes for clinical trials.

Cons: Work life balance is not always respected depending on your position
Advice: Keep up the good work but pay attention to burnout syndrome
Pros: Great working environment teamwork is a must. Good compensation and benefits

Cons: Lacked management direction as to what expectations were for example 
clear project goals or quarterly goals.
Mostly operations work hence not much time for projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of technology to get involved with.
Smart people for the most part.

Cons: Promotion is very limited.  Many employees hold the same title for 10 years or so.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche provides good work environment and perks. A good place to work for

Cons: work pressure
Not the best compensation in the industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader in the area.
coveted company to work with among competitors.
Respect for the company, products and its employees

Cons: Large organization which moves slowly. Lots of turnover for field-based employees due to flat organization structures.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, many opportunities in different business units if you are willing to relocate, fair salaries

Cons: high pressure, management in total chaos - all the time.
Advice: Stop forcing good people out.
Pros: Interesting work, good benefits, great products

Cons: Project timelines have been hectic as of late, and you better know how to prioritize.
Advice: Strengthen strategy to maintain competitive in Diabetes Care.
Pros: Great perks, generally satisfying work, opportunities to grow.

Cons: Internship was very boring, company is getting quite old, so being a young person was tough
Advice: None
Pros: Company campus is beautiful, great pay, lots of flexibility with your schedule

Cons: The only con was the commute.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent corporate culture which incorporates broad spectrum of employee professional development into the normal work day/week.  Teamwork and cross-functional collaborations to achieve goals are the standard.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, lots of learning experience and the employee there was great to work with along with all the activity that went on a daily bases.

Cons: Fire at will policy overused by management.
Advice: Try to keep good employees with rewards
Pros: Benefits are good and the free bus rides were great!

Cons: Business processes can be burdensome in some cases
Advice: Look into lean sigma process
Pros: Company with diverse portfolio, some are very advanced in its field

Cons: Commute was tough if you have to drive the highway everyday
Advice: Keep trying to improve the culture.  It's working!
Pros: Great work environment and leadership

Cons: Sometimes HR seems disconnected with/from employees.
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Good compensation, great company culture, great work/life balance, treats employees well, provides training and advancement opportunities.

Cons: Very little oportunities to growth.
Advice: Stop using perceptions as a decision maker.
Pros: Work life balance is good.

Cons: Diabetes Care not a great area to work in.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company overall to work for in most departments

Cons: Sales force re-organizations are frequent.
Advice: Take more active role in IDP process and career guidance.
Pros: Very stable company with firm direction and leadership in diagnostic markets.

Cons: It was difficult to transition from temp to full-time employee.
Advice: None
Pros: Truly professional and supportive to help their employees succeed.

Cons: Slow moving organization. "Favorites" have best opportunities for advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for advancement. Company provides resources to help us succeed.

Cons: No more bonuses every quarter. High stress job! No work/life balance.
Advice: Hire more people in the field!
Pros: Pay was great! Getting to travel places

Cons: PRO Unlimited, the contractor for interns gave incomplete or improper information.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work culture and more amazing people.

Cons: not enough information sharing from upper management. talent comes and goes.
Advice: better communication
Pros: Great place to work.. good talent..

Cons: Too big. Little advancement. Constant changes in structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and Benefits. Low visibility

Cons: Long hours a lot of the time of year and the location of you live SF
Advice: Do not
Pros: Very good benefits and great opportunity for growth

Cons: None. Good for career growth. Nothing is bad here. People are all happy
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, research. Working on infectious disease. Helping the world. Blood screening .

Cons: Provide access to further training for employees.
Advice: Recognition of good employees; provide incentives or employee bonuses.
Pros: Good pay with great benefits.  Good work/life balance.

Cons: Slow decisions, very weak leadership, not aligned with HQ,
Advice: the leadership is very weak
Pros: good benefits and good work life balance

Cons: High-stress work environment
Extremely fast paced
Advice: Increase visibility of employee work ethics
Allow equal opportunity of growth for all employees
Pros: Great Work Environment
Opportunities for growth
Benefits

Cons: No cons so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good science, flexable working hours, work and family life balance.

Cons: relocating all jobs to other countries
Advice: great place to work for working mothers
Pros: great benefits and best place to work

Cons: Political atmosphere. If you are not a part of the clique, forget about advancing or promotions. Lower salary than other top companies, but turnover rate it low ( if you decide to stay)
Advice: Curry favoring will only get you so far.
Pros: Great Benefits in a top company, but that is all!

Cons: Internal restructuring tends to disrupt employee morale
Advice: None
Pros: Broad global company with plentiful career opportunities internally

Cons: big company that is sometimes slow to move in regards to changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche places a heavy emphasis on good work environment.

Cons: Is a global company with an overseas owner, which can be different.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits.  Training.  Good internal job board.

Cons: location is somewhat isolated, growth opportunity is limited internally
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation package, top talents in some areas

Cons: Very big company takes time to learn proccesses
Advice: Keep up good work
Pros: Great company overall...nothing negative that I have found yet

Cons: Not many opportunities for growth. Don't really follow all their cultural beliefs
Advice: None
Pros: Good group of people, good benefits

Cons: Large company that is slow to change; structured and specialized roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, good benefits and facilities

Cons: Constantly laying off good employees and replacing them with temps
Advice: None
Pros: Understand family and work balance

Cons: None I can think of.
Advice: Great job
Pros: Work was challenging. Coworker's were nice.

Cons: NJ office closed when Roche bought Genentech. Genentech did not welcome NJ Roche employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere, great learning opportunity.

Cons: Pay is very low
Make you feel like an outsider
little room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company if you can get hired on

Cons: due to its large operations, a very silos company
Advice: try to be a family company
Pros: a true global exposure company

Cons: Corporate bullying was a common practice
Advice: I find it incredibly odd how Roche has now publicly announced its opposition to the Indiana Religious Freedom Law and yet they endorse and even promote corporate bullying by their corporate management.
Pros: Training provided was pretty good

Cons: Hard to move up, constant restructuring
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good pay, great benefits.  A truly supportive environment.

Cons: A lot of competition and external forces in the marketplace
Advice: None
Pros: Very active and exciting environment

Cons: Career advancement opportunities, hard to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are fantastic.  Work life balance

Cons: Compensation package is less atractive when compared to other pharmaceuticals
Advice: None
Pros: Great development plan process in place

Cons: Not many, one has to look very hard to find con.
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace environment, benefits, mobility,

Cons: Decision-making can be a bit slow
Advice: None
Pros: Science driven, patient focused company

Cons: Intense work environment sometimes hard to balance work/life
Advice: Lead from example
Pros: Benefits are excellent and good bonus

Cons: Expensive platform with a lack of a clear path ahead
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work in

Cons: I DO NOT HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE
Advice: None
Pros: clean and safe place with great management system.

Cons: Some down sides are the hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours and benefits and people

Cons: Lack of Career Opportunities or development programs
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and collaborative colleagues

Cons: Not many growth options for lower employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience, worked with many different departments

Cons: Very little to say as a negative.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Challenging and rewarding experience.

Cons: Upward mobility, location, leadership changes
Advice: None
Pros: pay, benefits, opportunities across multiple BU's

Cons: No room for advancement within co
Advice: More. Job shadowing
Pros: Good pay and flexible hours

Cons: None big enough to matter.
Advice: None
Pros: Unparalleled benefits, culture and work satisfaction.

Cons: Site closure resulted in lay-offs
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging yet rewarding. Great benefits package.

Cons: Poor job security. Category depends on reimbursement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance. Quality products.

Cons: No graduate programs post internship.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture with great people.

Cons: Lack of leadership both internal and external
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good pay,

Cons: Busy, very busy, too busy
Advice: None
Pros: Good communication, good friendship, good environment

Cons: New employee, no cons yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: no room for growth or development
Advice: None
Pros: big company, always busy nice coworkers

Cons: Local area management and levels above are horrible.  They care only for themselves and to drive the workforce for their own benefit.
Advice: Resign.
Pros: The everyday worker in all areas are great to work with.

Cons: It's a huge global organisation so some of the internal processes are clunky. A recent internal interview process has taken more than 3 months. Decision making in general is slow and opaque.
Advice: There's a layer or two of management just below the top where many pay lip service to some of the values. 360 performance reviews don't work so well in a culture where there is a high value on being nice and polite and managers who focus on managing up tend to thrive at the expense of those who do a god job in leading their teams.
Pros: Great people with a sense of purpose. I've worked here for more than 20 years in different functions and countries and never once been asked to do something I thought was wrong or unfair. Ownership structure gives senior management freedom to focus on a longer strategic horizon so the direction does not change as abruptly each quarter as I've experienced and still see in other companies.

Cons: In my 10 years plus I have seen reorganizations to cut peoples jobs, no empathy for any worker and  if you are over 50 your are out, "Business decision". Nobody retires in the company and few make it to over 50 ... Roche has good value like VW, but they bury them at their convenience. Your ideas are welcomed but keep them to yourself. Only upper management has ideas.
Advice: Roche now has the management philosophy second-rate people hire third-rate people. Upper managers clone themselves when hiring, so everybody is aligned. This also goes for Rank-and-file employees.  If you stick out you will get hit first. Roche's  Philosophy on a global scale.
Pros: In the first year you are there is excellent you are given time to adapt. Very competitive on your salary normal 10% to 20% lower then the market. They (top management) say if you have the desire to help people take the cut. Although it isn't a charity as the profits show. Development is left to you and if your department has budget to develop you but most likely there is no budget .. we are told to say.

Cons: The culture of the company is archaic and horrible. Management is far from good and decisions and promotions are based highly on politics instead of actual prowess. Shutting up and not trying to change the status quo is encouraged, trying to do something new is punished. There's a high level of useless people that work less than typical government clerks but with high salary, exploiting the flexibility and benefits of the company to ridiculous levels. What could be a great place to work turns into a boredom and psychological pressure nightmare thanks to the people ruling this place
Advice: None
Pros: Facilities are great, they provide everything you need. Flexible schedule and paid extra hours. Extra benefits apart from normal salary offer a good package overall.

Cons: 1. Do not respect diversity
2.silo thinking
3. Everyone thinks they are an expert in everything!
4. Not entreupanarial
5. Behaviours and culture are just words- you dont see them in practice 
6. Zero integrity-,will leave you out to hang
Advice: Stop living in your own world and look at reality.....will quickly become as hated as the banks if you dont take a closer look in the mirror at your behaviuors. Stop judging people on a single meeting, give an opportunity for them to prove
Pros: 1. Growing organisation
2. Good for CV
3. Great product portfolio

Cons: Nobody is taking responsibility of their actions. Managers behave like a puppets - their doing what they told to do, no reasonable thinking.
There is no promotion program - once you hired you will stuck in same positions for years.
Advice: Go home :) There is no innovation and no progress cause of you. Every manager I met Europe, USA, Canada - everyone is afraid to make any decision and to take responsibility.
Pros: Nice environment and nice people, very good training package and high level equipment. A lot of traveling and people to meet as this is globally focused company.
Very good company for the begginers,  young people who starts their carrier.

Cons: Slow to get anything done
Some horrible managers
MBOs - This is a work that you need to do outside of your day-to-day job... for most people at Roche, their day-to-day job takes longer than the 37.5 hours you're paid for... then to try and fir MBOs just adds insult to injury.
Advice: Scrap the MBO program, it just stresses people out. If you got something at the end of it (i.e.certificates etc.), then fine... Oh, and your pay-rise and bonus (which should be linked to how you do your ACTUAL JOB) is linked to them too.
Pros: Big Company
All of the great benefits that working for a large company should bring (inc. Company Car, Health Insurance etc.)
Really nice offices

Cons: Career progression is slow
Work life balance is not easy to achieve all the time.
Very few perm positions 
Avoid the soup
Advice: Please continue with the training at all levels , it is the people that make the company. If you want the best people then they should be trained by the best. This also insures consistency and less time spent on deciding how to proceed with  tasks. If every company relies on staff being trained by another company then at some point there will be lack in trained staff and no one left to pass on  knowledge and skills.
Pros: Great Place to work. 
Colleagues are helpful 
Training is good

Cons: The office at Welwyn Garden City is lovely but I feel like it needs to be nearer to the hub of things so should be in London. Transport there is awkward too and the town it's in is very expensive and busy
Advice: Try and be at your desk a little more. I know you're busy and in meetings but I can sometimes go for a few days without seeing you.
Pros: Brilliant workplace, amazing atmosphere, friendly and welcoming people, belief in their motto "doing now what patients need next", feels like you are positively contributing to helping people, nice balance between work and socializing, ability to develop your career, good salary

Cons: - too little work, which stifles learning as your senior colleagues will not pass on their knowledge for fear of you taking over their jobs
- departments are too specialised e.g. QC is further separated to 6 subdivisions and for QA is further welted down
Advice: Hire less people. And also, be sincere in training trainees if you take them in.
Pros: - excellent benefits such as an extensive medical coverage
- due to the history of the Singapore site as Genentech, a couple of Ho-Hos (get together as a company) to celebrate
- good higher management

Cons: The "system" is quite complicated with many levels of complexity.
Advice: Continue giving great guidance and career support. Focus on giving an overview of all the systems before delving into details when employees first start.
Pros: The culture at Roche is extremely supportive, and I have yet to experience any office politics or cliquey-ness. The work-life balance and benefits are excellent. They really care about your career path and  guide your development . They even encourage you to explore different aspects of the company in case you'd like to switch positions.  I feel extremely lucky to work with such kind and competent people.

Cons: Very minimal merit increase. Even if you're a performer, it doesnt guarantee a nice merit increase. Uniform was well, not so impressive as per client. Minimal HMO coverage.
Advice: Basepay is way too low. Not competitive with other Product specialist from other multinational companies.
Pros: Work life balance is attainable, its a personal strategy. Provided tools for the trade are at Average (1.3 MT car, unlimited gas, allowance for parking and tolls (official days only), phone, lines, tablets/laptop).

Cons: Honestly, there is for me no cons what about I could tell. Roche is for me one of the best Company to work for. Roche is a great place to work.
Advice: Honestly even here I can give only one advice. Change nothing in that what you do and how you do our business. We anyway looking always forward what we can change to make something better.
Pros: Roche care always very good about thier employees and good chances to make career around the world. Roche is a great place to work.

Cons: Poor compensations, mediocre management decisions (from a country level). Poor or misguided understanding of economic environment in which the company operates. No clear execution of the strategy. Great plans on paper, poor execution in reality (from the affiliate level in Venezuela).
Advice: They have to realize that the Pharma Industry is constantly evolving, subject to payers & stakeholders demand. Some of its preferences may change overtime and would likely pose greater barriers of access to Roche's pipeline of products
Pros: Great portfolio of products. Amazing colleagues and constant support from different affiliates. A keen innovation-driven company mindset.

Cons: Environment. People specially those whose been with the company for  years tend to be close minded and unsupportive. No proper guidelines and policies in place. They keep badmouthing  others and always pointing fingers.
Advice: Be tough enough to change such employees. It's Detrimental to work and Not helpful. It adds stress to others.
Pros: Pro-employee. Good benefits. A lot of activities for employees. Good incentives. Situated in a place where it is good to work. Not that strict. Compliant.

Cons: Cold working environment, and I don't mean the air conditioning. Although the office is open-plan you seem quite anonymous. As a contractor you are not invited to many meetings which does not help with getting involved or integrated.
Advice: Don't hire people with a PhD to do work someone with a Bachelors degree can do. They will get bored.
Pros: Nice building, facilities like gym or massage chair included. Able to take a break if needed. Generally possible to work from home.

Cons: It's not a sexy start up... ;-) It's a large company so sometimes you are doing things that are decided from "above", but sometimes the "above" is very helpfull to have as well!
Advice: None
Pros: Like working at a family company, eventhough it's huge. Work together towards a better future in healthcare. Work with sincere and smart people. Be challenged, enjoy together,  improve together, fight together. Doing now what patients need next - as a team and individually. Sense of belonging. Importance and change.

Cons: The Company's management is still divided by silos (even at Corporate level)   We are far from synergize efforts and best practices among business units.
Advice: Enhance your real interest in people.  Instill business acumen as a key competency for every Roche employee.
Pros: It is an excellent company that really cares for its employees.  Work life balance is a fact.  Work environment is highly appreciated.   Challenge is a constant.  Highly prepared and competitive people on board.

Cons: Strong boys club culture, too much micro management, middle management prevents change, job promotion only if you are a follower, constructive criticism is not welcome
Advice: Listen much more to employees, give employees a chance to bypass their line management if they are poor and not capable to lead people, cut the 'old chains' which have their own values
Pros: Good company, great values, awesome people, flexible working time, benefits, training, promising product pipeline

Cons: Communication is always an issue, i.e. transparency.  Managers are either a hit or miss.  Directors are rarely in the office.
Advice: Be more accountable in terms of a developement plan.  More opportunities for development.  Actually be on site for potential one or ones.
Pros: 401k, health, eye, and dental benefits.  The people you work with will make you want to stay at the company for a prolong period of time.  Work environment is relaxed.

Cons: I was on-boarded by a person who was on a years contract, and I had no idea I would be taking some of her jobs. Result was no knowledge sharing, no help and any emails I sent requesting help went unanswered.
My job is quite deadlined so I relied on timely responses from others, but nearly every email or request for help fell into a dead hole. This is the culture here. No 'out of office', no idea where the person is you are trying to contact. Are they on holiday or just ignoring you? The answer can be found with a trip down to the 'Street'  here people will spend all day having 'meetings' - conveniently near to the coffee bar.  Does anyone ever work in his place?
People: REPLY to emails!!  RESPOND. Stop talking - it is not an efficient use of your time.
Advice: People who are on contracts will be safe guarding their own jobs, so they should not be put in charge of contactors or new starters.
Take a look at peoples diaries, they will be blocked out all day with meetings, so when are they actually going to do the work?? You know - sitting at the desk, head down.  I think head office in Basel should shake this lot up.
Pros: The restaurant and the gym, the security people, IT guys and the receptionists are always nice, helpful and friendly. 
When I started and was on-boarded by a person who was on a years contract, and I had no idea I would be taking some of her jobs. Result was no knowledge sharing, no help and any emails I sent requesting help went unanswered.
My job is quite deadlined so I relied on timely responses from others, but nearly every email or request for help fell into a dead hole. This is the culture there. No 'out of office', no idea where the person is you are trying to contact. Are they on holiday or just ignoring you? The answer can be found with a trip down to the 'Street'  here people will spend all day having 'meetings' - conveniently near to the coffee bar.  Does anyone ever work in his place?
People: REPLY to emails!!  RESPOND.

Cons: Like in any matrix organization, it might be tricky sometimes so communication, communication and communication.
Advice: Continue with the good work !
Pros: First and foremost because Roche is a company which invests in its employees, period.
Then, because we are a big family of over 85,000 employees focusing on one thing only, make the world a better place. I have already worked in 4 countries for Roche, and everywhere the same spirit of growing together.

Cons: Leadership changed 2 years ago, and we have lost a lot of people leading to a large culture change. Constant upheaval and a focus on kpi's, numbers and reports becoming very negative.  Low morale at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, truly making a difference to patients.

Cons: No way up on rank list (at least very little chance for that); it really depends of your colleagues whether you going to like it for long term
Advice: Talking about own experience, local management was a bad experience in every way. They needed robots and not human.
Pros: Good for starting in HR field, no need for finished degree, but you will need a foreign language to get in

Cons: Older workforce - can be hard to innovate business systems
People are hardly out of jobs so it creates a sense of complacency
Advice: You are doing a good job in making the staff feel appreciated but that also increases a risk of less performing people feel little sense of urgency to buck up.
Pros: Profitable company
Global reach
Important mission to save lives
People focused management
Option for staff to buy company shares

Cons: The company is focusing on medicines that are difficult to access from the poorer patients
Advice: When in doubt ask the incumbent directly and when asked answer straight and simple
Pros: Work in challenging but ordered environment, doing something that helps others.  Learning from multidisciplinary teams and using science in real life.  Helping others to develop professionally y being helped also

Cons: There are no cons for this company, depending of the position it can be required to travel a lot, this could be a problem if you have a family.
Advice: The management choice have been quite good during my 2 years in Roche. I don't have any advice for them
Pros: The working environment is really great, the company really value the employee, good salary package, especially compared with the average in spain.

Cons: They slave you up and you will become a zombie in Switzerland
Advice: Go home!
Pros: None that I'm aware of, even though the company has lots of cash and pay very well

Cons: huge organization; limited individual influence; scope of work is highly specialized; cultural beliefs are mainly lived on lower levels
Advice: not a lot, a number 1 on the market seems to do quite some things right. however, faster and leaner processes would increase profitability
Pros: world's number 1; great benefits; well organized; decisions are taken through joint and broad discussions

Cons: It's hard to think of any specific disadvantages.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with innovative people through the highest quality standards. Mutual respect and open discussions create a professional environment for new ideas and integrated solutions. Working for one of the world's foremost corporations ensures professional development and achievement of personal goals.

Cons: Segregation between 2 major business units lacks opportunities for mutual improvement
Advice: Too early to formulate such advice at this stage. High quality professional seem to be running the multiple initiatives
Pros: Dynamic, ethical and challenging environment. Primary focus is the patient in all the projects and initiatives

Cons: Big company with sometimes long projects. Company politics sometimes get in the way of a pragmatic solution.
Advice: Let the people decide on the right level of competencies. Make who can and should decide.
Pros: Good leadership. Good working pace. Sufficient resources to do a good job.

Cons: Performance management is biased, skewed. The organization encourage its staff to take on project for improvement. There can be 40 over project at a time but the successful one will only be around 10 percent
Advice: Roche take care of its very well. Lots of senior employee got entitlement attitude and lack of accountability
Pros: good healthcare plan, competitive salary

Cons: Very flat structure, top management only looking after themselves.
HR team a bloody joke, and don't give a damn about employees but after themselves.
Never any money for proper training and setting up.
Advice: Start looking at grass roots level
Pros: Great products...most of the time,
Work in a great team
Stable multi national company.

Cons: Long hours and pressure. Very regulated business
Advice: Continue investing in young people, and offer more secure job contracts to valuable people
Pros: You work for marketing drugs that really improve the life of people. Dynamic and young team. Challenging objectives but good rewards

Cons: Very hard to have an impact as an individual. Very slow processes. People rarely are willing to take risks
Advice: As courage is one of your values: Live it and take risks.
Pros: People in general are very kind and caring. Great company values. Top salary. International.

Cons: Not always are capable employees promoted to senior roles.
Advice: Executive leadership should much better assess employees who are promoted to senior leadership roles.
Some are not up to the challenge, clearly, which was visible before their promotion.
Pros: Company adds genuine benefits to patients' lives
High ethical standards
Professional trainings
High amount of international assignments

Cons: Its strength in oncology is due to its subsidiary: Genentech. It has no historical experience in oncology. While Genentech is open, dynamic, and innovative; Roche is stiff and very conservative...it could not make drug development by itself.
Advice: To be more open-minded.
Pros: Diversity in Oncology portfolio, very strong in oncology.

Cons: An increased focus on process and compliance is slowing things down, making it harder to work internally and externally, although senior management are aware and working to reduce.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation focus. Great development pipeline. Good culture and people. Lots of opportunities for career development, especially if willing to move internationally.

Cons: Vertical growth is very difficult, they prefer to hire external people rather than promoting internal ones.
Not serious personal development program.
Sometimes too conservative
Advice: You should really invest more energy in personal development for your employees and innovation culture.
Pros: It is very good for work-life balance 
Stable paycheck. Good colleagues and respectful culture.

Cons: Inadequate management sometimes (at a local level), lack of professionalism (people without management skills and experience become managers moving from 1 department to another inside Roche); too strong hierarchy and bureaucracy which hamper to perform tasks faster, easier (more efficiently)
Advice: See above
Pros: Quite good salary, huge number of perspective drugs

Cons: We should be more agile.
Advice: None
Pros: This copany is giving you a huge amount of opportunities. Invest in discoring talents, supporting development and innovation.
As a part-time worker I do not have problems with accessing the leadership of big projects. Roches offers me the freedom and flexibility I need to succeed.

Cons: None that are worth mentioning
Advice: Make sure you go the extra mile to recognise the staff putting in the extra mileage for the company. This doesn't always happen.
Pros: Good work/life balance with an engaging workload. Just enough work to push you to do more and progress within the company.

Cons: Too many hierarchy. Complex processes. Less agile compared to a biotech company. Too conservative. Some department have very stressed jobs
Advice: Innovative technologies are key of success
Pros: Good corporate culture, work life balnce, employee development, friendly environment. Support for the employees to grow and have rotations in different roles

Cons: Some time the organisation is very unforgiving for employees who under performed. There needs to be more compassion and desire to give  such people another chance.
Advice: Build some compassion into the operational strategies.
Pros: Very performance oriented and transparent organisation. Excellent long-term benefits and growth opportunities.

Cons: Glass ceiling for non-medics or those not in a global role. Poor salary.
Advice: Work on retaining talent by reviewing the salary benchmarking and opportunities for internal development
Pros: Great oncology portfolio and pipeline; brilliant scientific minds working in the field of oncology

Cons: Career opportunity is very limited and unclear. Management is very biased
Advice: Diversity in reality but not in theory, on paper only
Pros: Roche oncology portfolio is a fantastic one, pipeline is very promising. People are great

Cons: Little or no work life balance; very complex and tedious business processes retarding growth and very limited career growth opportunities
Advice: Need to simplify complex processes and listen to voice of employees
Pros: Good company with strong pipeline; very attractive C&B in the local biopharma industry

Cons: not so much opportunities for entry level position, they could have graduate program in oder to keep they best intern and then employ them.
Advice: None
Pros: nice people, excellent training, great place to work, good compagny, possibility to meet people from different sector activities, multicultural/ diversity

Cons: Metrics galore!
If it can be measured it will be - even if they tell you it's not!
Advice: Allow us to think.
Pros: Oncology Products are the best you could hope for.

Cons: more than half of the jobs are short term contract with none of the benefits full time gives. Often relatively low rates
Advice: None
Pros: Generally a good place to work. Support flextime and tececommute

Cons: Favoritism sometimes towards people near to management
The worst quality check method ever...
Advice: None
Pros: Team is great
Very friendly office
Able to work from home occasionly

Cons: Senior management being too old fashioned even with the use of technology. Rigid.
Advice: To think out of the box and be more welcoming to ideas, good and bad.
Pros: reimbursed well with a number of benefits.

Cons: There isnt much of a con as my tenure at Roche is only 5 months
Advice: None
Pros: Given multiple tasks which can have a positive influence in the business in the long run. Given the opportunity to present your findings to sales reps

Cons: Everything is fine, without specific drawbacks during my intern  there.
Advice: No specific suggestion, my supervisor is quite nice.
Pros: good environment with nice colleagues, and far from the crowded city is a plus. The lunch is tasty to some degree.

Cons: Terrible culture and environment. I would recommend whoever is planning to get a job there to stay away. Canadian Executives team is not well liked. This reflects on the company culture. A lot of infair decisions Many people are not engaged. Most leaving the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is fairly good. However with structural changes not sure how it wikk pend out.

Cons: Development is limited and tough, little effort being put in career path.
Promotion does not always goes to the person most deserved.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent healthcare benefits. Great rewards and bonuses.

Cons: Kind officialism, good revenued make the employees'hard working not that key. Too many unreasonable SOP or work systems
Advice: None
Pros: good pay in comparison with similar employers, work facilities are great , bonus is promising

Cons: Roche being a big global company makes decision making sometimes slow
Advice: None
Pros: very bright people, stimulating environment
lots of opportunities for personal growth/development
good salary

Cons: Political operating environment, in hindsight, was observable at the initial interview.  Development of cliques.
Advice: None
Pros: Terrific office environment - like working at Google.
Exposure to projects and clients

Cons: SLT don't talk to each other, bias, unfair promotion to underserving employees
Advice: None
Pros: Can't think of anything that I will consider as pros

Cons: Some of the typical issues you will find in large companies a lot of paperwork somtimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Generally good, international travel in business and a lot of nice people

Cons: things can take a while, heavy corporate mentality
Advice: Doing great job, try listening more to the field people,
Pros: Great place to work, support their employees as well as different community programs.

Cons: 9-hour time difference with US west coast is a challenge for global teams
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for - great science, very nice and experimented colleagues
Good community spirit

Cons: Too many committees who want to decide things
Advice: Reduce process complexity
Pros: Good opportunities for employee development, e.g. paid my (expensive!) EMBA in a top business school.

Cons: Management are horrible and not very supportive. Most have been there too long, haven't worked anywhere else and have way too much free time to play political games and gossip and direct reports.
Advice: Go work elsewhere for a while and realise your conduct / attitude is not acceptable.
Pros: Good pay, travel and events

Cons: Can be Bureaucratic place. There is some level of fear motivation among employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and Bonus. We have some pretty good leaders and managers here. Training opportunities is good.

Cons: Extreme pressure with horrible culture. The worst and most ruthless make it to the top. Very poor senior leadership in the South African affiliate, the worst I have ever experienced.
Advice: Resign, sure their are better things your competencies can match. At least get more decent senior folk, everybody is fed up!
Pros: Very little to put forward.

Cons: Bad working environment, little opportunities to growth, far location, favoritism, lack of leadership from some managers,
Advice: None
Pros: excellent perks, good salaries, good physical working conditions,  decent treat to employees,

Cons: Manage the stress of people in need without money
Advice: Intensify access program in the whole developing countries
Pros: Support people to leave healthy and longer.

Cons: Lack of resources to hire specialized professionals due to the diagnostics complex market in Latam.
Advice: None
Pros: Global healthcare company with many options to develop your career.

Cons: Limited head accounts, and no more
Advice: Organize more activities that allows the whole company to participate in
Pros: nice working environment, and good colleagues to work with.

Cons: work life balance
Policy changing yearly
So many documenting work which affecting the real work.
Advice: documenting work have to be reduced
Pros: good maangers
freedom to work

Cons: Work Life balance throughout the company globally remains to be an issue for improvement
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for growth and great culture anywhere in the World

Cons: Language barriers can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Really good company to work for. Flexible and realistic working hours, good work-life balance and a nice community of interns.

Cons: Work life balance can be sometimes challenging
Advice: keep doing the good work and walk the talk
Pros: Nice company with a strong business oriented culture

Cons: busy and can be stretched but worthwhile
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is great company with great culture

Cons: Too many meetings and people not always transparent
Advice: Treat employees like you would want to be treated
Pros: Smart people, highly collaborative, good training and development support

Cons: Regulatory/Work processes are sometimes timeconsuming and could be more efficient.
Advice: none
Pros: Good Salaries and Benefits
Good Work-Life Balance
Inspiring environment
Good Management

Cons: Very complex quality systems, along with burocracy.
Advice: Closer advisory and coaching would be great.
Pros: A lot of resources available.

Cons: I can`t really think about anything I would consider a con
Advice: None
Pros: colleagues, campus, work-life-balance, salary, free-time facilities

Cons: Senior leaders focus on the Core sites and low Experience in the growing markets
Advice: None
Pros: Global Company, Good image, Market Leader in Healthcare

Cons: Low canteen space, Expensive area to live / rent
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, Varied projects, Inclusive management style. Regular informal evenings.

Cons: Different divisions (pharma, diagnostics, diabetes care) do not work together.
Advice: More collaboration between the different divisions.
Pros: 1st biotech company with great resources.

Cons: From the very top to managers you report to and HR they are bullies and liars.
Check out other reviews. In sales it's 2 out of 5 overall and that really says something.
Advice: None
Pros: None that I can think of.

Cons: Everything takes lot of time.
Sometimes, Human Resources doesn't inform about processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance.
Lot of money to invest.
Very interesting projects.

Cons: workload
often changed targets
workload
large organisation
long time until decisions will be made
Advice: keep one and not all targets in mind
Pros: salary
open climate
nice collegeaous 
nice additional
canteen

Cons: unfairness, bullying, lack of transparency, favouritism
Advice: HR needs to be more alert to the blatant bullying that was going on and do something about it
Pros: perks, free lunch, experience at many tasks if a new member of staff

Cons: - corporation
- many projects are very long-term
Advice: None
Pros: - variety of technologies
- career opportunities

Cons: I couldn't say any specific negative side of Roche.
Advice: None
Pros: excellent corporate life experience, experienced employees, healthy snacks for free time

Cons: Less enpowerment employess should be enpowered for decision making
Advice: Leaders to be more proactive
Pros: Career Development is enhanced through continuous feedback

Cons: long process, slow, unncessary meeting, bad local implimentation, conflict
Advice: None
Pros: good colleages, work-life balance, good career development chance, good pay, international

Cons: Decison making somewhat slow, IT systems need work
Advice: None
Pros: Great pipeline, people, right focus areas in terms of business model

Cons: Burocracy, take time and patience to innovate
Advice: None
Pros: The best company I worked for

Cons: Slow business process and takes time in decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pipeline in future and good benefits to employees.

Cons: Employees not valued especially in the field
Advice: None
Pros: Customer focused and strong budgets to spend

Cons: complex hierarchical structures, tendency for silo thinking
Advice: None
Pros: Constructive working atmosphere, contributions are valued

Cons: No comments here, Roche is really a nice company to work
Advice: None
Pros: Doing now what patients need next

Cons: Frequent changes in the strategy
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative large pharma company in Basel

Cons: Almost none entry level positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, great people and resourceful

Cons: i don;t think there are cons in this company
Advice: no
Pros: it is flexible time to work

Cons: Senior management is quite distant
Advice: None
Pros: Work- life balance is excellent at this company!!

Cons: Some time off time working is very hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Packages offered by Roche Pakistan Ltd.

Cons: not many international employees, for a company with this size
Advice: None
Pros: it is safe to work here.

Cons: nothing bad to say, very good compagny
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities and good people

Cons: nothing much, bad management , good colleages
Advice: make processes more smooth
Pros: healthy environment, good salary, foreign trip

Cons: I can not think of one at this moment
Advice: None
Pros: great environment, respect, innovation, great opportunities
