Cons: So many CEOs in the last few years you lose count
No consistency, long-term strategy or vision b/c of constant turnover at the top. The 2 senior executives who survived &gt;20 years probably should be gone-they exist to maintain the status quo
Need innovation in products to compete globally--and fix potential LT problems with lingering FDA issues
The "Old Boys" rule this place and it seems very accepted. Women are barely tolerated and 2 minority men in senior mgmt is the company's claim to diversity and no one seems to see that as a problem.
Advice: Coordinate with Germany to correct product complaints or it could hurt at the worse time and hit profits hard. Don't let long-term employees run away newer employees with new ideas and willingness to innovate. Actually work on improving relationships with employees by having managers go out into the field or onto the floor and learn about employees challenges and how they would "fix" their jobs.
Pros: Co-workers are passionate about the customers we serve
Flexibility depending on your job or department
Opportunities to travel internationally and to relocate globally
Well-repsected within the community

Cons: The company identity in the US is confused and seems to be changing into Genentech, but not quite.
Most management, at even the highest levels, seems lost at times. 
The Nutley NJ site seems to be destined for continued down sizing and really should be put out of its misery. The medicinal chemistry dept. that brought Valium to market has been turned into a “World Class” joke. This is partly due to new incompetent management who sought guidance from incompetent and narcissistic “retired” management who rose to that level through the attrition of truly talented people.
Unfortunately this seems to have become standard practice.
Advice: Hoffmann-LaRoche was an excellent company and needs to be revitalized, not transformed into Genentech. 
Close the Nutley site completely. It is and will be just an embarrassment.
New leadership is desperately needed and failed “retired” managers should not be kept around and constantly consulted.
Finally, settle on a research structure and strategy, fully implement it, and then give it a chance to work.
Pros: Some good people, some good benefits and a severance package when you get layed-off.
There are opportunities to be put in a position that no other company would even consider you for, particularly if you are a sycophant.

Cons: - can be difficult to get foot in the door (some positions are initially hired as temp workers)
- corporate red tape (typical of many companies this size) and being in an FDA-regulated industry means change is slow to occur, and processes can become bogged down/inefficient.
Advice: Management generally does a great job of valuing, respecting and rewarding employees.  Overall, this is a fantastic place to work.  I see this as a company where I can actually have a long-term career and a financially sound retirement at the end (something most U.S. companies can no longer offer in this day and age).
Pros: - solid, stable, respectable company
- friendly, yet professional corporate environment
- career development and advancement is encouraged
- generous health care and retirement benefits (which most U.S. companies no longer provide)
- generous vacation, sick day and personal day allowances
- good morale among employees
- challenging and interesting work
- good feedback provided on work performance and goals
- long-term loyalty among many employees
- promote from within (many senior managers started out in entry-level positions)
- opportunity to work alongside and learn from very bright and skilled people
- company puts their money where their mouth is, in terms of community service and charitable giving; they do a lot of good for the community/environment and encourage employees to do the same

Cons: - Very little recognition of work/life balance. I have noticed others pointing to this as a "pro". Not at all the case in my department so obviously varies by business unit/department. Sr. management used to at least give this lip service, now does not even mention it. In fact was told some time ago that the "expectation" was that everyone should be working at least 50-60  hours/week.
- Significantly underresourced - both with budget and people - for the things the company wants to accomplish. We move forward with intiaitives that are bound to fail because there is not enough money or time to do them right.
- Very "old school". Little innovation happening. When innovation or a new approach is proposed, it is like pushing a large boulder up a hill to get understanding and buy-in.
- Very few opportunities for advancement once you reach a certain level.
Advice: Hire in the appropriate areas. You are burning out very good people in the areas you need them most.
Recognize and appreciate diversity of genders, roles and areas of expertise. Not everyone wants to fit the traditional, stoic company mold of rotation, promotion, rotation, promotion. You may find those that don't "conform" to the old, traditional norm are your most valuable assets.
Pros: - Good pay
- Good overall benefits package
- Smart people
- Large company environment (a pro and con)
- Inept senior leadership in some areas

Cons: Since GNE integration the management structure is not as secure as in previous years.  Not always willing to acknowledge star performers due to the budget.    Found merit reviews were always depressing and fell short of expectations since everyone is really thrown into one budget bag and it is then divided.
Advice: Dont' throw away the Baby with the bath water.  Need to think about the global company profile with other pharma and biotech companies since the Genentech integration.
Pros: Knowledge sharing between departments and collaboration with colleagues was always excellent.  Good communication between global teams using very modern technology.  Up to date tools and always process improvement on an ongoing basis.  Telecommuting was excellent, dependent on the department and the type of job you had it was possible to negotiate some work from home time.  Very accomodating with work-life balance.  Exceptional benefits,

Cons: No concept of team locally, teams are spread out all over the world.  Many people work alone.
Functional managers are often in another country and really don't care about your career goals, you are just filling a headcount for them.
Training is a joke, once you are working no additional training is provided.  Goes back to the manager in a different country just needing to fill the headcount.
Advice: Local infrastructure employees need to be better connected and be part of the local team instead of being isolated. Need to develop employees better.  Too many people stay in the same jobs for years and are completely burned out and just waiting to retire.  They resent the new people coming into Roche and are resistant to any changes.
Pros: Benefits are similar to other companies
Competitive pay
Low expectations of employees, easy to succeed
Conveniently located off of I-69

Cons: Layoffs have occurred due to the genetech take over
Morale is suffering
Colleagues at Genetech are very arrogant and filled with false self-importance
Little opportunities in Nutley due to site being downgraded from an HQ to an R&D backwater
Advice: Really need to keep Genentech under control and make them more accountable for their costs. You really need to build up the Nutley site and have more opportunities. The Genenetech take over was a really bad decision--paying top dollar during a recession for a company that is not very effective.
Pros: Easy commute to NYC via public transportation. 
Good benefits, many campus amaenities (ie, on-site doctors/nurses, cafeteria, friendly people, social activities/clubs sponsored by Roche).
Salary is good

Cons: Roche is a very conservative organization that is heavily regulated in the US and the rest of the world.  This limits product development cycles and overall project timelines and budgets.  Career growth can be limited and there does exist the possibility to be "pigeon-holed" into assignments for long periods of time.
Advice: Walk the talk with regards to creating a organization where the employees are empowered to make decisions to move efforts forward.  Find a way to stabilize the portfolio and make decisions accordingly.
Pros: Challenging projects
Very competent and diverse work force
Very good overall compensation
Company is well positioned in the current global environment
International opportunities exist for those who are interested

Cons: Until recently the positions were stable and changes resulted in reassignment of personnel rather than downsizing.  More recently company has taken downsizing as a standard practice which is more inline with other pharmaceutical companies.
Advice: The handling of the Roche Palo Alto site closure announcement a short time after a site meeting unrolling a new vision and more or less five year plan for the site left management with severely damaged credibility.  The loss of stability and long term personnel has/will rob Roch of it's historic uniqueness and depth of employee devotion it once had at cost which cannot be calculated.
Pros: A long history of a good work environment with good manager support and reasonable expectations and rewards.

Cons: Poor mid to upper management (never get the feeling they are being up-front and honest, merely a speaker phone to their managers)
Inter-office politics are extremely bad
Poor structure of management (ie one person responsible for projects, but not a direct manager of the employees working on the project) leads to inefficient decision making and accountablility
Advice: None.  The site is being divested from the Roche network and will probably be restructured soon with another company or, however unlikely, shut down.
Pros: Great benefits
Great pay for the cost of living of the area
Good work/life balance (this is direct manager dependant, however)
Decent opportunity for career advancement

Cons: Advancement is based on a who you know basis.  Your hard work better be extra special if you want to get notice because if you do great work and "joe' does good work, "joe" will get the position cause he knows "BILL"
Advice: Upper Management is great!  These guys are always improving and making things happen with the company to encourage growth and employment.  Its the people who are in supervision positions with the egos.
Pros: Benefits are excellent.  I am sure they are one of the best in the company.  Lot of different opportunities available for growth

Cons: Those who have been at the company a long time are perhaps at a level of responsibility that is above their ability.
Advice: Making mature decisions in product development is the best way to protect future business growth. Downsizing product features to meet a deadline will make for unhappy customers and ultimately harm the brand.
Pros: The company is growing so rapidly that those who have ability are promoted and given responsibilities commensurate to their ability level.

Cons: The company went through some rough times laying people off so unfortunately I was not able to return for another internship.  Many people I met who worked there were laid off.
Advice: Promote from within and give more security to those who are working hard in the company.  Hire back interns who do a good job.
Pros: I worked here as an intern and they provided a very good learning experience with many opportunities to talk to leaders in the company.

Cons: The headquarters in Basel were frustrating to work with. The North American headquarters in Nutley were frustrating to work with.
Advice: Palo Alto leadership was very good. The Advice to management at other sites would include better communication and more respect.
Pros: The campus was beautiful. Local Management was good. Training was encouraged. My department consisted of great co-workers who worked well in teams.

Cons: Old Boys club.  Management needs better direction.  Plenty of low performers.
Advice: Recognize talent and realize that this location is not a big draw for scientists.  There is a trade off for this location in relation to a continuing career in science.
Pros: Location is close to the beach and there is a lot to do outdoors.  The work is interesting and satisfying.  The cost of living here is very low.

Cons: as in most companies, it is who you know, not always what you know.  Too much focus on making money, sometimes to the point of risking the business.
Advice: Remember to pay attention to the employees and their ideas.  Remember that employees have a choice about where to work.
Pros: Good cross-functional cooperation between groups in multiple countries.  Management willing to listen to ideas.  Attention to work-life balance.  Good benefits package.

Cons: Very political and difficult to move up.  Lots of "Cilos" between functional groups. operates as several separate companies within a company.  Many layers of leadership teams - none connected with actual work.
Advice: Interact with employees more, make communication 2-way.  Get rid of Cilos.  Cultivate leaders from within.  Stop overpaying worthless people and pay the people who actually add the value.
Pros: Health benefits package are best around

Cons: - Every site in the company tries to compete against the others, and management supports this.
- Senior Management cannot make even the simplest decisions.
- Office Politics are killing the company.
- Management needs a vision of where they want the company to go.  You can't be the best and the cheapest at the same time.
Advice: Get your head out of the sand
Pros: Good Salary, Great Benefits, Good employees.

Cons: Changes and improvements take a long time.  Many areas of waste.  Very weak management.
Advice: Give employees a clear sense of direction.  Communicate with employees when issues arise/
Pros: Employees are treated fairly.  The business is profitable.  Money does not seem to be an issue.

Cons: Some disconnect between Marketing fields with so many people working on individual projects
Advice: Look at some of the internal employees for job promotions / full-time hiring
Pros: Fantastic Benefits that stack up with any company in health industry
Understanding and Caring Management that provide feedback and guidance
Fun Employees that are good at what they do

Cons: Closed the development department, too much back and forth and not following up on promises made early on before the layoff.
Advice: Keep business in the US instead of Switzerland.
Pros: Great Benefits .. updated equipment, perks from the company and vendors, great experience

Cons: Low Salary to Employees, Hierarchical, Politics, Poor Employee Recognition of Work, Controlling IT environment, Poor Design Quality Assurance and Management
Advice: 
Pros: Innovative Products, Good work culture, Friendly Peers, Good Benefits, Fringe foreign business trips, Long term career stability, Financially strong company

Cons: No downsides specific of Roche, but as with any large corporation, change may take some time to happen, upward mobility in promotion ranks can be slow. had excellent managers and others not so good.
Advice: 
Pros: Opportunities to train and get further education abound. Excellent infra-structure.

Cons: Constant Re-org
The people that work any besides Switzerland are treating as "red headed step children"
Forced ranking on reviews
Documentation heavy
Very Political
Advice: Re-org once and get on with making drugs.  The constant re-org makes morale low.  It's time to start making drugs instead of always planning on change.
Pros: Located close to NYC
If you like to travel this is a good place to work
Salary ranges are high compared to other local companies

Cons: Limited growth opportunities. Tend to stay in the job to which you were hired.
Advice: 
Pros: Stability of belonging to a strong world wide parent company.

Cons: US division doesn't have a lot of power in how the business is run
Advice: 
Pros: Good pay, excellent work/life balance, opportunities to grow

Cons: to concentrated on numbers and not people
Advice: respect from management for sales reps
Pros: pension, benefits, work life and company culture

Cons: due to global working pattern in all phases work-life balance is impacted
Advice: 
Pros: Company support employees career development

Cons: average salary, and low compensation
Advice: increase compensation
Pros: opportunities for growth, benefits and other perks

Cons: commute, travel time, parking, cubes, jaunt
Advice: n/a
Pros: opportunity, people, benefits, environment, campus

Cons: If you want to stay in Brazil, and are not willing to work abroad, you may not achieve a General Management or Finance Manager position, which are traditionally more intended for expatriate managers or Brazilians who have worked abroad and/or have established good connections to headquarters. But that is true for many other multinational companies as well. 

There have been several major changes in management, organization and even culture in the last years, which would leave every company in a state of transition and anxiety about what comes next. 

The company gives interesting challenges to talented employees but often with little formal classroom training. Be prepared to be thrown into cold water and learn to swim for yourself.
Advice: 
Pros: Roche is a company that is really willing to invest in people who are willing to make an international career. Fact is that in order to make a major career at Roche, you should be prepared to work abroad for several years. 

Roche Diagnostics Brasil Ltda in Brasil is a separate legal entity from Roche Pharma Brasil, with its own management, IT systems and company policies. As it is much smaller in size to its Pharma sister, yet has a similar management overhead, there are probably better career opportunities here. 

The company has a relatively young management team and has again and is not afraid to promote young people if they deliver results and are politically astute.

Cons: Croniism: employees either do what they're told or lose their jobs if they're ever considered "challenging" management competency/decision making.  There is systematic witholding critical information for scientist to do research (insecurity from the top down).  There is systematic covering up of mistakes from the bottom up, especially lower lever managements (dishonesty).  There is absolutely no respect and no support for the foot soldier employees, thus talents are wasted.  Meanwhile there are so many lazy employees taking advantage of the cronies in the incompetence management and just benefit in the "Roche welfare" system (one director to another: you hire my wife, I hire your wife).
Advice: It is too late for Roche.  Even if they disguise themselves as Genentech.  All employees at Roche, current or past, knows exactly what it is and who they are and they all deserve to go down with the company, does not matter whether they contribute to the demise or they were not allowed to contribute to the company anyhow.  Genentech will eventually have to adapt to the Roche system.  Then the collapse will be complete.
Pros: HLR has the infra-structure to do good research and innovating product development.  There is resources available to do good science.  There is access to advanced scientific knowledge to do good basic and applied research.

Cons: Far too encumbered by self-induced delays and hindrances. Too much excuse-making of the FDA inhibiting advancement, when the main causes are internal. Very political culture - it's often who you know. The pro's of freedom to do your job is countered by having many 'fiefdoms' where local 'tyrants' rule by holding a critical position.
Advice: You have done a good job in providing the vision and organizational structure needed to advance.  There are some areas, esp. in R&D, that have been allowed to build mini empires, to the detriment of company performance and cohesion. The R&D management staff has not been changed at all in the past five years, though everything around them has changed - does that make sense? Beware of those just saying what you want to hear!
Pros: Benefits package is one of the best I've experienced. Freedom to do your job, Fair amount of freedom to do the job (though, see caveat below).Spread out campus allows you to get up and stretch when needed.

Cons: 1. The company has a history of under-performance - its performance is significantly low as
    compared  to its competitors.
2. More emphasis on physical presence than actual work being done. Don't have deadlines if 
    you already intend to miss/push it. That sends the message that you are not serious.
3. 2-3 hour lunches are a norm rather than a luxury. Coming late and leaving early is 
    fashionable too.
4. The recession saw a lot of good people leave and bad ones stay because of favoritism. Lot of 
    politics, blame-game and favoritism.
5. HR-your job should be to find and RETAIN good workers; not to terminate them based on some 
     man-made, inflexible rules.
Advice: Upper Management - Please stop terrifying people and start listening. Being approachable does not mean giving in.  People like to be heard beyond policies, rules, and guidelines.
Pros: Work is pretty slow, so lot of leisurely time.

Cons: Unstable senior management. Opportunities very much concentrated in San Francisco. Quality of life of many employees severely impacted following merge with Genentech and Operational Excellence initiative. People much more afraid to speak out. Employees are more encouraged to say what management want to hear independantly of the mid-long term consequences for the company.
Advice: Listen more employees. Re-consider the co-location model of complete therapeutic area for drug development. This would help to keep talented people. Integrate more non US view on business decision. Integrate market reality, politicical environment in addition to science in drug development decision is necessary to avoid new major drawbacks.  Continue to promote high values and people.
Pros: Many opportunities on careers, large portfolio of interesting drugs. Multi-cultural environment in particular in HQ Europe. Willingness to take care of employees. Promotion of values and not only of money.

Cons: After merge with Genentech  (USA) European or other experience / credentials /education is less recognized and reworded by management when compare to the USA experience and education.
Advice: After merge with Genentech  (USA) European or other experience / credentials /education is less recognized and reworded by management when compare to the USA experience and education.
Pros: Very good company, good working environment, good live/work balance, leader in the field, knowledge / information sharing encouraged by senior management. After merge with Genentech  (USA) our USA ounterparts bring excellent and remarkable scientific and medical expertise to the global company.

Cons: Always changing directions. Can't keep good people. Focus of company changes so often that it is hard to be consistently successful even if you do what is asked of you. Quotas often unattainable.
Advice: Quit giving lip service to caring about employees and show it with actions. Somebody please tell them to set quotas based on the market and not based on a dream.
Pros: Pay was good. Benefits good. There were a lot of opportunities to move within the company if you knew the right people.

Cons: Always reorganizing.  Not that it is bad, it's just that very few people actually understand how things work from beginning to end.  Lack of training.
Advice: Clarify how departments interact, where the intersect and where the lines are drawn.  Stop spending so much time on staffing head counts and do the right thing.
Pros: Amazing mission.  Very wide variety of personality types.  Interaction with broad base of disciplines, from engineering to medical to business to marketing.

Cons: Business model is in transition leading to some levels of chaos. Middle management is not experienced enough to manage this.
Advice: Get outside help to assist middle management in adopting changes to our processes and organizational set up to align to changes in our business model.
Pros: Job security is good. Business model is sound. Senior management is new, fresh and optimistic. Work life balance is acceptable.

Cons: Knowledge culture and self improvement are not important for many. Visible lack of passion, 'just a job' attitude. Career development limited in some departments.
Advice: Focus on people development, on their interests and passion. Employee passionate about his job will perform way better than, worker with 'it's just a job' attitude that just wait to clock out.
Pros: Overall I would say it is good place to work. There are very interesting people, very good atmosphere. Good salary and overall compensation.

Cons: Office politics sometimes gets in the way of recognition of true contributions.  In terms of personal development, one must be accountable to pursue opportunities even it means dealing with difficult managers.
Advice: Encourage and support your employee's personal and professional development.  Fulfilled employees will be greatly engaged and motivated as result.
Pros: Speaking for North American division, great benefits and development opportunities. One's colleagues are among the best in the industry.  Therefore, to get ahead networking is a must.

Cons: departments are disconnected from each other
Each department is possessive of "their" space, and their work is more important.
There is also a lack of communication between department directors down to the working scientists and technicians.
directors will design an expansion space without consulting the techs who will be working there.
Advice: 
Pros: satisfaction of bringing a new product to market
getting recognized for contributions to the company,
It is a good community of scientists and support personnel

Cons: Has recently gone through many changes after the Roche-Genetech integration creating an unstable environment.
Advice: There is a need for strong leadership that can inspire, engage and motivate employees.
Pros: Ethical company that brings meaningful drug products into the market.  The employees are dedicated and loyal to the company as can be seen with the number of employees with over 25 years of service.

Cons: Promotions are not always given based on capacity or performance, but based in the connections a person may have with upper management
Advice: Develop processes that will allow the company to react faster to market trends.  Offices in the field have to go through a complicated process
Pros: Roche is a company with global presence. A person with the right connections and attributes may be able to grow and get jobs with more responsibilities

Cons: Can be difficult to get things completed due to such a large company things can move very slowly
Offshoring jobs to China
Advice: Remember to focus on people and allow them to shine. Take the opportunity to listen to the staff as they can certainly identify things the company can do better.
Pros: Great work life balance
Good culture
Modern benefits such as paternity leave, parental leave
Subsidised cafe
International opportunities 
Onsite gym

Cons: Difficult regulatory environment, product portfolio unsteady, lack a senior management decision making.
Advice: Make some of the hard decisions expected of your elevated position.
Pros: Successful company in a dynamic global business.  If you come prepared to work you will succeed.  Challenge is provided and encouraged.  Senior Management dipped recently but appears to be improving now.

Cons: Ongoing retrenchments and no thought put into retaining people with experience and redeploying. Spending a lot of money when people are retrenched and in many cases they come back as contractors.
Advice: Value the experience people have gained at Roche and try to use it and redeploy them instead of retrenching.
Pros: Helping people in need
Good benefits package

Cons: Work-life balance is non-existent . Career advancement is hard especially if you have a family, as they expect you to work 24 hours a day.
Advice: 
Pros: Benefits in 2011 are very good. Now owned by Roche, they have leveraged some of the 'big' company attributes.

Cons: lots of micro managers
bureaucracy
mobbing
limited career opportunities
support departmants are not valued
Advice: They must be sure about morals of the employees they hire. They should discourage mobbing.
Pros: competitive side benefits
nice office building
respected company

Cons: The food in the cafeteria was terrible. There should be an overhaul of the company who is contracted to handle the food.
Advice: 
Pros: Great work - life balance. We were allowed to work from home either two or three days per week and flexible work hours. 
Employees were treated respectfully.

Cons: - As being such a big company producing some deliverys takes more time than is really needed
Advice: 
Pros: - A company with lots of values towars his employees.
- High quality expectantion in the work being done that propels you to press yourself in achieving this kind of high quality in your work

Cons: In any working environment, the focus of employees dissatisfaction stems from the inability of leaders to manage office politics that affects productivity/ quality of work in the long run.
Advice: Find a way to manage office politics and always validate information.
Pros: Lots of travel opportunities and innovative products

Cons: not so many very exiting projects, there is problem with getting money for conference and trainings very bureaucracy high management
Advice: spend more money on employee education
Pros: nice please to work, people are very open and will help you when you need it. Good salary, free food.

Cons: Beware if you are hired as a temp you will most likey remain a temp for a very long time. Chances of them converting temps to full time are very low.
Advice: Great job.
Pros: Room for growth and advancement.

Cons: No road map for growth of any individual.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, fantastic products, good packages and perks, free to work the way u want but have to produce results, which is fair enough!!

Cons: Fickle economy led to an unexpected change in the number of employees.
Advice: Keep people informed on lay offs.
Pros: Lot's of interesting job duties and mutual respect.

Cons: Weak management style, fairer recruitment
Advice: More communication and attention to feedbacks from employees
Pros: Professional and enthusiastic people , Great infrastructure and IT services

Cons: high level of burocracy, communication gaps between management and employees
Advice: 
Pros: supports the balance between work and personal life

Cons: Not the same place with the Genentech integration
Advice: None
Pros: Very high level professionals. Respectful towards its employees.

Cons: Direction changes too frequent and too often. Too conservative
Advice: 
Pros: Compensation, people, culture, severance, pension

Cons: restructuring, increase pay outs , sallary corection required
Advice: fast
Pros: good people , nice envirnmont , market leader

Cons: There is limited growth potential up the technical ladder.
Advice: Need to improve communications with personnel.
Pros: A good paying pharmaceutical company.
