Cons: Senior Leadership is based in Europe.  Org chart is messy and there are multiple lines of reporting.  Everyone has different priorities and in most cases they conflict with other's.  My experience is that they (Senior Leaders) do not like to admit that product development and manufacturing are of higher quality and more profitable coming out of the US businesses.  Jobs have been flowing back to Europe.
Advice: Be transparent, recognize that it's OK that you make mistakes and admit when you do!  Remember that you have thousands of employees who have attained various levels of advanced education and experience.  Remember where you were there once and don't think that becuase you've attained a higher level within the organization that you are omnipotent and can stand before the masses presenting strategies and visions that lack data to back it up.  You only erode the respect they bestowed upon you.
Pros: Medical and Pharma provide a realatively secure market.  Pay and Benny's are good!

Cons: Loss of a formerly great company culture; Limited opportunities for advancement; Closure of Nutley, NJ site resulting in loss of great people by the end of 2013; Loss of confidence in management.to stand behind their so-called "committments", which never materialise.
Advice: Please make firm decisions and stop being wishy-washy on life-changing issues that affect employees and their families. When entering new areas of research, give the areas a chance to produce results and flourish. Do not withdraw too soon from the investment made, without giving things a chance to gel, so that results have a chance to appear. Poor planning does not suit upper managment well. Be honest and  more straighforwardwith employees. Kindly note, dealing with employees is not a chess match.
Pros: Great people while they lasted in Nutley.  Good compensation.  Nice views of Manhattan from many of the buildings.

Cons: Management can seem a bit standoffish at critical times. 
Politics is the word of the day at Roche.  If you're politically savvy, you'll go far there. Of course that could be the case with any company, but it plays out more openly at Roche, in my opinion.
Advice: Management could do more to support employee growth in current and prospective positions. I believe ambitious employees will be able to see greater upward mobility if management were to support professional development for a prospective role.
Pros: Great work environment for professional stimulation. Will raise your professional bar.
Products are well respected in the industry, both with customers and competitors.

Cons: The Swiss like their money; you are only a number and when the bottom line numbers are not met, then you realize how "valuable" you are as an employee.  Hit and miss top level management.  The good realized that it was time to leave several years ago.  The bad found a way to stay.
Advice: Try to be human.  Numbers, profit, spreadsheets, are all a game.
Pros: Once you're in, there's a ton of areas to advance.  Pay is very good, benefits are excellent.  This is a solid company and the experience you gain speaks for itself when you decide or have to take work someplace else.

Cons: Sometimes upper management seems somewhat distant.  It is a global company and has that big corporate feel most times.  Due to the large size of Roche it lacks the energy one can get a smaller company or start-up.
Advice: Management needs to find a way to be more accessible to the employees.
Pros: The facilities are nice the building is green.  The commute is OK if you live in the East Bary and it is close to BART. The people are very nice and there are social activities for those interested.  Roche is a stable company that rarely seems to have layoffs and often is buying new companies.

Cons: Since Roche brought out Genentech, the environment has become less secure and friendly. The seat of power in the US is now at Genentech in San Francisco.
Advice: You are losing great talent and replacing it with younger people with dubious talent in Genentech. The merger with Genentech is ruining a once great company from within. Should reconsider the decision to shut down the Nutley, NJ site and build it up more as you have the space.
Pros: Good salary with benefits, nice campus that's not too big, and lots of amenities (Cafeteria, gym, social events, dinners to go). People are friendly and retires and ex-employess often come back to visit. Many people with 30+ yrs at company.

Cons: The closure of the Nutley site in NJ will impact the local community immensely and provide competitors with many brilliant and competent scientists. Its a shame Roche did not make greater efforts to retain talent. It was one of the few remaining sites in NJ offering discovery and pre-clinical scientists employment.
Advice: Basel priorities seem more reactive than proactive.
Pros: Roche/Genentech (US) provides employees with excellent benefits and take a great interest in the well-being of their employees. There is a lot of great talent and the research performed is top-notch. The VP took great care of the group and They offer a decent layoff package in the event they close your site.

Cons: - Departments and teams seem to be restructured at least annually.  Upper management's continual shifts in focus and strategy are stressful for employees.
- Company says they value innovation, but in terms of business processes, management and many individual employees appear to have difficulty accepting new ideas or changes to existing processes.  There is a tangible fear of doing things differently, and it can take months or years to get a project completed.
- While company is beginning to take steps to promote employee career development, it is difficult to get a promotion in some departments.  Going above and beyond your job description, and doing outstanding work, aren't enough.  If you aren't perceived as management material and playing into the politics, it can be tough to move out of your current position.
- Company is making attempts to increase diversity at highest levels of leadership, but still has a long way to go.  Company's top executives are all middle-aged white men.  
- Managers and higher levels spend far too much time in meetings and seem disconnected from day-to-day business and their teams, as a result.
Advice: - Stop restructuring departments and teams so often.  Give things a chance to work before you start changing everything again.
- Recognize that not all employees have the traditional business 'get-ahead' temperament (and that includes many of your top individual contributors).  Provide career development, lateral role mobility and non-management promotion opportunities for these employees, too - not just those that will be moving up the ladder into management ranks.  Otherwise, you're going to lose them after they get frustrated and burned out.
Pros: - Excellent vacation, medical and retirement benefits, including domestic partner benefits
- Opportunity to work with highly intelligent colleagues who produce quality results
- Company makes genuine effort to be environmentally and socially responsible
- Company and their products are well-respected
- Opportunity for performance sharing bonuses (depending upon department and role)
- Company provides nice perks for employees at work-sponsored events and outings
- Business casual attire in many departments, with casual Fridays

Cons: Expected to work long hours as a salaried employee without additional compensation. But, if you need time for personal matters you have to use vacation time. They treat you like you work on a production line. 

Managers disappear for days without informing their direct reports. Can't be found when needed.
Advice: No real advice since the Nutley facility is being closed down. Realize you have talented employees that want to do the best but mid-management gets in the way. They are afraid their direct reports might come up with something better than they can.
Pros: Flexible hours. But no trust in employees. If you try to work remotely they will not let you but your managers will do so as they please.

Cons: Competitive market means rapid, 4 year development cycles. QC, QA and Manufacturing are on the East coast and Research, Development, Marketing, Business Development, Regulatory and  the Administrative center are in Pleasanton which makes maintaining good communication important.
Advice: You will increase efficiency and have more product success if you listen to your lower staff's suggestions
Pros: Good work environment. Good product ideas. Staff work together to meet goals. Has large parent company, Roche, for support. Good benefits. Intelligent staff.

Cons: The site management was very awful, and kept employees in the dark about site issues and problems
It seems as though the lower level employees in the company are not taken care of as well as they should be
Advice: Get to know your employees (not just the ones with doctorates), keep them in the loop, ask for their ideas, and stop wasting money on frivolous things.
Pros: Beautiful site to work on
Large budgets to work with
The company remains on the leading edge of innovation in pharmaceuticals, with new machinery and methods.

Cons: You felt like a pawn in a big chess game.
You could see decisions being made from very high up that made no financial / strategic sense at the local site.
No company stock purchase plan.
Advice: None
Pros: The Campus was fabulous.
Their were many resources available to get work / project  done with many areas of expertise.
Most folks were more than reasonable to work with.
Company seemed to attempt to focus on long term health of company.
Benefits were pretty good, though not as good as Syntex.

Cons: Due to lack of clear portfolio strategy, a lot of waste of resources and timeline during project cycles. Politics can really get in the way as well.
Advice: Work to understand the market better, and define a clear portfolio strategy that leverages resources in a more efficient manner.
Pros: Good people who really care about product quality and effectiveness.

Cons: Not family-friendly. Your life can be miserable if you get stuck with an incompetent, insecure boss. Educational benefits only available if your boss approves it.
Advice: Get rid of dead weight employees/managers and reward the hard workers who actually make significant positive impacts to the company.
Pros: Reasonable pay. Exercise on-site. Nice environment - places to run and bike right outside work. Good benefits compared to others.

Cons: Lots of menial work to do. You can really end up with a bad boss and be screwed for months/years.
Advice: Come into lab every so often to get an idea of what's actually going on
Pros: Decent hours. Masseuse who comes on campus (not free, but still nice). Most of the people I worked with were nice. Gym in building. Overall a stable, trustworthy company.

Cons: Very roundabout processes, not very quick to advance careers, engineering salaries will not compete with companies such as Raytheon, no bonuses for anyone below manager level.
Advice: The engineering career ladder needs to be overhauled completely to compete with other dedicated engineering companies in Tucson.
Pros: Great healthcare benefits, friendly work environment, heavily focused on cultural beliefs such as speaking up and keeping the customer in mind.

Cons: Lost focus of its employees and their dedication and commitment to the company
Advice: Listen to what the employees are saying.
Think carefully about the decisions you make, and the possible ramifications of them.
Pros: Team oriented
Innovative company
Cutting edge medicine and technology
Wanted to be the best company, not necessarily number one

Cons: if you are a temp you are not concidered at all.
Advice: Sometimes temps work better than the permanant people you guys have, take a good look and see who does a better job and give opportunities!
Pros: we work for a good cause , and also because the coworkers are nice people to work with.

Cons: Overly bureaucratic.
Sub optimal leadership.
Senior leadership is either not qualified and then constantly changing making the job more difficult than need be.
Advice: Get better.
Pros: Good experience.
Good company.
Good people.
The strategy is forward thinking and I've had the pleasure to work with many talented people.

Cons: excess use of contractor employment over full time, no benefits as a contractor
Advice: Make more jobs into full time to keep your employees happy
Pros: Great culture, competitive pay, corporate environment

Cons: Was always the second sister to either Basel, Palo Alto or most recently Genentech.  Perhaps a little too conservative in approach
Advice: None
Pros: Originally had a fantastic team environment that brought out the best in people.  Science was high quality and there were no short-cuts taken in order to give the impression of productivity.

Cons: The campus location is a bit far from Tucson's city center and can produce a long commute.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Excellent benefits and compensation. 
Travel opportunities.
Advancement Opportunities.
A culture concerned with quality and patient care.
The parent company Roche, offers additional advancement and benefits globally.

Cons: It seems like some people never left their jobs due to the pension plan. so there was some deadwood.
Advice: Roche is known as a company that does not shy from layoffs. Senior management should do some work to counter this image.
Pros: The atmosphere is collaborative. The company has a great reputation.

Cons: Microarrays have been phased out and it's uncertain what, if any, technology will replace them.  Recent layoffs have led to a general feeling of uncertainty about the future.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work with the potential to help people and advance scientific knowledge.  Intelligent and competent coworkers.  Good work/life balance.

Cons: They're closing the site and made the mistake of giving too much power to Genentech
Advice: It's too late......
Pros: Roche is a great company to work for as they treat their employees like people.  They care about their employees and the patients whose lives they impact.

Cons: - Less and less chance to be promoted
- Les and less chance to become regular employee despite outstanding performance.
Advice: Need to respect your employee. Listen to feedbacks and act on them on time. Give promotion and opportunities when outstanding performance is reconized
Pros: - Laid back atmosphere
- Autonomy of projects.

Cons: Roche is closing the Nutley campus by the end of 2013.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche has a beautiful campus, great atmosphere and wonderful benefits. They have training available on all of the latest computer technologies.  They also have a good life/work balance.

Cons: They closed the site and moved to New Jersey and laid off almost everyone.
Advice: Success is built on the backs of the peons, treat them a little better.
Pros: A good place to work

Cons: New mgt. is overbearring and cutting before she know's the ropes.
Advice: 
Pros: Ventana pays well for the area.  There are a lot of great people that work here.  Great company culture.

Cons: Decisions are made slowly 
Integration with Genentech has lead to many re-orgs and layoffs
Doesn't always feel talent retention is a priority these days
Advice: Consider more efforts to retain talent
Pros: Great people
Individual development is greatly encouraged
Prestige
Solid and stable
Competitive Pay and Great Benefits/Perks

Cons: Large company, so adapting to change can be a slow painful process
Advice: Never forget that your people are your biggest/best commodity
Pros: Large company, so more stable by comparison
Great benefits
Career growth opportunities

Cons: Very little if any room for advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health, dental and retirement benefits.

Cons: Many positions moving out of NJ to CA, due to merger with Genentech.
Advice: 
Pros: Very good company, good management, good compensation, team spirit - working together, not overly political environment

Cons: Constant change in executive level leadership, hard to execute long term strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong products.  Good midlevel management.

Cons: lots of travel, and long work hours.
Advice: Need to make sure we have appropriate resources for current business.
Pros: Grate benefits, lots of opportunity for career growth, grate co-workers

Cons: Few opportunties for leadership for middle level
Advice: More succeion planning and career development for individuals.  Mostly a good culture but more opportunities to engage with management could help.
Pros: Good mission driven culture here

Cons: City of Indianapolis has limited cultural diversity.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company in an area with a  low cost of living.  Employees are nice and work hard to ensure quality.

Cons: Processes undefined. Rigid to certain things.
Advice: Need to be open to creative solutions, flexibility for employees, reward
Pros: Great people to work with. Team spirit.

Cons: At times processes are tedious and do not permit for outside of the box thinking.
Advice: Closure of Nutley campus is short sighted.
Pros: Great benefits and good corporate culture.

Cons: uppermost management is based in Basel, switzerland so there are at times a sense of disconnect
Advice: None
Pros: community involvement as well as extracurricular activities to maintain well-being of employees

Cons: Micromanagement, outdated sales model, below average sales force
Advice: Get a clue, negatives market share indicates you need to take action
Pros: Great benefits, low expectations, easy work

Cons: Not much interaction between co-workers.
Advice: Conduct more interactive sessions for knowing the people in different departments.
Pros: A lot of oppurtunity for growth in all fields. Good Pay.

Cons: The Nutley NJ site is closing soon , by end of 2013
Advice: none
Pros: Good Science, good management and great benefits

Cons: Ancient products- need a portfolio lift
not cutting edge
Run by foreigners
Culture varies by division
Advice: 
Pros: Great Pay and Benefits
Flexibility
Work Life Balance

Cons: - Poor quality of management 
 - Very intricate business processes that change constantly
 - Certain departments are overworked and cannot practically lend needed support
Advice: - Change business processes/culture to make then more user friendly
 - Implement management education/training to improve interaction with employees
Pros: - Good team environment
 - Easy to get to know fellow employees
 - Very employee oriented

Cons: the us organization has the Europeans bamboozled
Advice: Be human. Lead more than manage. No hippocracy
Pros: Sound global organization. Benefits are good and par for industry

Cons: closing down the site when they told us they were committed and spending tons of money on other things
Advice: None
Pros: good benifits from a large company

Cons: Can take time to be promoted.
Advice: Continue to improve communication.
Pros: Great benefits, Good people and gpod pay.

Cons: The leadership at the top of the organization has changed many times in the last 6 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great products.

Cons: rubbish upper management, no career growth
Advice: all middle manager that don't do real work should be gone
Pros: decent pay, good working facility

Cons: Disjointed Lifecycle Flow
Cultish
Power and control personalities
Advice: Get off of the meeting treadmill... meet your people.
Pros: Highly effective teaming
Lives its "values"
Entrepreneurial

Cons: Not yet very known locally
Advice: 
Pros: High growth potential
Very knowledgeable Staff
Employee oriented management

Cons: - Highly Structured Processes
- Generational Gap in Workforce
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong Company Performance
- Great Working Environment
- Mobility Opportunities

Cons: Fast pace.  High pressure environment.
Advice: Great leadership at the top.
Pros: Great place to work across the globe.

Cons: Closing Nutley campus, so little opportunity on East coast
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment
Challenging projects
Cutting edge compounds

Cons: Conventional as far as flexible time/work-from-home
Advice: None
Pros: Good career development opportunities and a relaxed, friendly work environment

Cons: lay off emloyees. shut down the site.
Advice: None
Pros: competitive compensation and benefits. Nice employees to work with.

Cons: Favoritism by management influences promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work.  Good compensation.

Cons: The company views promotions as a privilege vs.  paying employees for the greater responsibility & more work that will be performed.   The company cannot survive without their Specialists (product-specific experts) to help the Account Executives accomplish their jobs, as selling, contracting, negotiations, etc. are very complicated.  And yet, Specialists make nominally more than Account Executives, even though they work harder & have much more responsibility.  No wonder they have a hard time keeping Specialists & filling the vacant Specialist positions.
Advice: Adjust the compensation structure to accurately reflect the responsibility of the employee.  Also, quit thinking like a startup company, when in reality you dominate the market.  Mara Aspinall was definitely the right choice to lead the organization, as she is shaking up the "good 'ol boy" network, but she still has some work to do to.
Pros: You will learn a great deal about capital medical sales.  The company is in a transition as it becomes more integrated into the Roche culture.

Cons: management favoritism, poor leadership, inexperienced leadership, inefficient work processes, lack of appreciation for all levels of employees, lack of rewards or recognition for non-managers, poor communication down the line of command, parent company's processes cumbersome, ineffective lab safety program, management out of touch with the front lines
Advice: Do not depend solely on information from line managers.  A lot of information communicated up the chain of command is unsubstantiated and inaccurate, especially concerning day-to-day operations.  Take time to talk to people who are not managers about how things in their group work.  Different perspectives will help the company develop all employees and leverage everyon'es talents.
Pros: Work/life balance, benefits (paid time off, health/dental/vision, social events), innovative products, stimulating day-to-day tasks, managers of certain groups care about their employees, most colleagues are friendly and helpful.

Cons: The team I worked with was awesome but there is no communication between middle management on project status. One day we are working on a particular project and the next day we switch and just to keep things interesting we switch back on the third day. Too reactive and not proactive. Maybe its the lack of resources and the fact that decisions are made by a bunch of suits that have no clue about the actual work and only care about the bottom line.
Advice: Please stop hiring contractors. There are too many. And please understand that employees that are continuously working under the assumtion they will be let go at any moment will not commit to roche the way you expect. The employee makes the company.
Pros: The only reason to work here is to get a good foundation and understand the methods of a proven player within the biotech/pharma industry.

Cons: Carrer opportunities are limited. Sales experience is required to progress within organisation. Very sales driven affiliate, sometimes lack of strategy and concentrating on delivering numbers.  Work-life balance is rather poor, it is expected of you constantly to take on new challenges and overachieve. Roche is not interested in keeping people regardles of your track record and seniority. Very hard training on Roche values, if you don't fit in, they will get rid of you rather quickly. If you wish to progress within organisation be prepared to move to Germany or Switzerland and learn German.
Advice: 
Pros: Friendly and helpful corporate culture, good products, company is a market leader or even a market dominator in many areas. Good sales, marketing and supporting structure. Very good facilities on site- great office, cantine, bar, free gym, free bikes. Stimulating to develop yourself and working on your weaknesses.

Cons: Extremely political organization with very conservative views of what it takes to become successful in the marketplace.  They provide lip service about wanting to hear the opinion of employees … bin practice, the complete opposite.
Advice: Leadership has become a very incestuous club with promotions coming more from who you know than what you know and have accomplished.  Need to go outside the organization and bring in talent with actual experience and record of success in the diabetes community.
Pros: Benefits and pension plan are generally better than the industry at large.  Health plan is very generous and covers things that most will not.

Cons: Developement possibilities are poor. Need to find a sponsor to make a career - good luck.
No development plans. Attitude is that "everybody wants to work for Roche". Retention is not seen as important. Only few selected individuals will eventually (luck, relationships) make a career.
Advice: Stop seeing yourself as the only human asset. Start valuing talents and to retain people by offering development paths not only for a selected few. Start measuring and placing importance on people management.
Pros: Responsiblity give quickly and early.
Freedom to manage ones own job.
Competent colleaques (mostly)
Very good address for your CV (professionally acting company)

Cons: With it growing very quickly the support functions are massively over stretched and thus very little support given for employees.
Advice: Put your employees first and they will put your company priorities first. The risk is not looking to change the management team - huge shake up needed so that nepatism is quashed.
Pros: Good pipeline and fellow employees are striving for success but feel time for a senior management shake up as company has grown too fast and too quick and thus too many processes and procedures rather than chances to flex your autonomy.

Cons: Poor managment.  Technicians are are given all the responsibilities with none of the authority for most situations.  Expected to put company before family.  Employees are asked to provide ways to improve operations, but when they do, thery are chastised and reprimanded for not being a "team player".  In short, the company structure is a "Comedy of Contradictions".
Advice: Let the employees manage themselves.  Trust that the people who are doing the work, know how to do it best (that is why you hired them in the first place, right?).
Pros: Products provide superior staining, making for fast and reliable patient diagnosis.  Produts are considered "top of the line".  Impressive technical apptitude from the support staff.

Cons: Extremely political environment.  If you were not a major brown noser, you were not advanced.  Only those that either kept their mouths shut or cleaned the bosses office were given opportunities to shine.  Providing outstanding performance was not enough, except to keep your job.
Advice: Get over the FDA requirements and figure out what they require and how to provide it.
Pros: Great pay, benefits and working environment.

Cons: Management turnover at the top changes things on average every 3-4 years, sometimes sooner.
Current management believes department disciplines are pretty much the same in sales cycles.
Products sometimes are out too soon (hardware) and customers are forced to help improve them.
Strategic assays are sometimes late to market and competitors establish beachead markets quicker.
Advice: Listen to the field more, customers especially at all levels of bed size.
Pros: Salary and compensation very good.
Teams are allowed much autonomy.
Best practices are encouraged and sought out.
Product support is usually very good.

Cons: Culture is different within each business unit. Promotions are made based on relationships not merit. Group managers are the watchdogs for the directors and don't know the business. Managers are the work dogs and know the business but get no credit.  HR is only in place to make the company look good and keep the leaders, directors out of jail....useless for employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salaries, benefits, huge company so lots of opportunity. Can have a long term career

Cons: Pay was below industry average.   Territory was very large.
Advice: 
Pros: Easy to get information you needed to get your work completed.
Goals were defined and attainable - if you did your job. 
Training was good and not a complete waste of time like some companies.
You were allowed to work your territory the way you needed to in order to get the business.

Cons: Being the leader in the diagnostics every competitor is out to get you. So you have to be on your toes all the time.
Advice: Better incentives will improve the performance of the team.
Pros: Great team work and professional approach to all day to day situations. Every member of the team has his say. If a problem arises everyone owns it and are out to solve it.

Cons: I cant really point out a downside. I think everything is pretty great when you have a good job within HLR.
Advice: Focusing on PHC. Let Pfizer and the others handle the big blockbuster drugs. The way how Roche handles the niche-busters
Pros: Challenging, fair, great communication, very open work environment, great collegues, great facilites and offices, very good food in the cantine.

Cons: As a business in pharmaceutical R&D, RPA failed eventually to survive as a result of the parent organization's strategic restructure.
Advice: None
Pros: At its peak time, RPA was one of the best companies in the life science sector in northern california. The culture, the environment, and the management are among the top ranked in the area. Great benefit and career development opportunity.

Cons: At times the "work-life" balance was imbalanced towards work a bit too much, but this was typical for the industry and the job level. Step-wise layoff made for some slow and difficult times, but understandable given the situation.
Advice: Be well
Pros: Good benefits, good salary, enjoyed company culture, week off between Xmas and New Years (in advance) was a great perk.

Cons: There were many layoffs at my facility over the years.  It was difficult and depressing to go through the constriction/downsizing that happened at the local level.
Advice: 
Pros: Good pay and benefits.  Strong company which will be around for a long time.  There are advantages of working for a private company, such as being less sensitive to short-term market pressures.

Cons: - too much American Influence in the IT sector after the deal with Genentech
- If you do not have a good network or a bad Line Manager your career will stuck
Advice: - Swiss Management! Keep the Swiss values and do not kill the ethics you had in the past
Pros: - a lot social benefits
- good benefits
- high values

Cons: lack of strong leadership. one-way communication with upper management. after M&A of Genentech, cut-throat research competition  between different sites emerged. a little too much 9/5 mentality. unbalanced allocation of research resources among different sites
Advice: being one company should mean being one company. internal competition easily creates a demoralizing work environment.
Pros: great benefits. flexible hours and good work/life balance. friendly colleagues within the same site

Cons: - no chance to be promoted
- too many organisational changes in recent years
- too many relatives hired in the company
Advice: - no chance to be promoted
- too many organisational changes in recent years
- too many relatives hired in the company
Pros: - good salary in comparison with the competition
- good benefits
- a lot of external and internal trainings
- free cornflakes

Cons: This is a global company with a global matrix.  That means that decision-making can seem a bit "foreign" in some cases.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche has been a very family-friendly place to work.  The Nutley campus has changed in character, but has always been very goal-oriented.

Cons: Too many tools, and old technologies. Takes a while to embrace the latest, and newer processes.
Advice: There's hardly any Senior leadership left at Nutley.
Pros: Great work culture, and people. Line managers for most part, encourage co-operation and team work, and encourage employee development.

Cons: Lot of field work and lack of indulgence of seniors in some problem where they were required.
Advice: have a close look on your engineers and assist them without there asking.
Pros: lot of learning on site. handles biochemistry and immunology analyzers. got a great confidence over these machines.

Cons: Interns not often placed into full-time positions though the company is working to improve this
Advice: Create a rotational development program for graduating MBA students
Pros: Great company.  Fun/smart coworkers.  Great industry.  Great promotional opportunities and work-life balance

Cons: A very big company . at times faced bureacracy bottlenecks
Advice: Keep It  up
Pros: Working at Roche offered stability and growth alongwith competitive compensation in the industry. Work environment was friendly and supportive for developing potential on the job.

Cons: Not very easy to get the answers to the questions. Sometimes too much talking and promising.
Advice: 
Pros: Very good informative library on intranet, friendly and dicsiplined employees. Some potential to grow

Cons: I do not find any downside working in Roche
Advice: Compensate handsomely to the lower grade employees
Pros: One of the reason working in Roche that i have been associated with a company which save lives.

Cons: Growing pains and transition to Roche systems create some cultural challenges.
Advice: Focus on change management (communication!). Associates are motivated to great results.
Pros: New management focus on patient and quality. Great pipeline of products

Cons: 1 hour commute time, bureocracy, old and propietary technologies (Intersystems Caché)
Advice: None
Pros: Almost free lunch, good work environment

Cons: Same management is running company into the ground.
Advice: Get rid of the dead weight.
Pros: Great pay and benefits and coworker.

Cons: typical corporate lagging on what issues need to be solved
Advice: 
Pros: Work hard and hit humbers, and you can make your own flexible schedule (depending on your manager)

Cons: Not all IT leaders are great
Limited opportunities in IT
Advice: Take the courage to move faster and make the transformation happen earlier
Pros: good package
one of best business growth
great business leaders

Cons: Have to prove yourself to make a difference.
Advice: None
Pros: If one can prove their worth, their hard work is rewarded.

Cons: main thing in this the culutre of the company which was some thing thing about
Advice: None
Pros: More range of products in both research and diagnostic field

Cons: Future is bleak.  Current and future products are 18 to 24 months behind the competition.  Leadership has no idea, no strategy and no winnable position.  I fear the worst for the organization in the next 2 years.
Advice: A complete change in diabetes care leadership.
Pros: Very good benefits in our industry

Cons: integration is still far from over
Advice: sometimes just feel it is too nice to people, so that lose efficiency
Pros: great pipeline, health combination of genentech and legacy roche

Cons: High turnover due to Roche acquisition and mass exodus of Sr. Leadership.
Advice: Stay focused on delivering exceptional products.
Pros: Great group of people, building great products.

Cons: no downs cons in roche
Advice: employees are assets of company preserne them
Pros: coordination, cooperation self diginity are highly recommended

Cons: Nothing negative to say about the company
Advice: Believe in the ROCHE side as much as GNE
Pros: Excellent company, great technology and good future potential

Cons: Satisfactory - nothing to comment
Advice: Not Applicable
Pros: A Great MNC with good work/life balance and great benefits

Cons: Tough working hours and no work life balance
Advice: have some pity (financially too :P)
Pros: Good working environment and supportive team

Cons: Not enough support within team that I was in and not welcoming to new person
Advice: None
Pros: Great training process and support team

Cons: too large an organisation which could sometimes loose you amidst large number of employees. Low visibility
Advice: None
Pros: established, good vision, great insight!

Cons: Pharma industry itself is not easy!
Advice: None
Pros: It depends what you are looking for!

Cons: Talent management does not convince, low bonus, difficult to move between business areas
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, good salary, rel. stable environment

Cons: Its really sad to see the closure of the Nutley site.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, good benefits, good science

Cons: Sometimes very beurocratic, though it depends on the department
Advice: empower employees
Pros: Friendly environment, good benefits, good hours

Cons: Multiple lay offs in the recent years.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Most people are very friendly and professional.

Cons: - Constantly changing
- Cost cutting pressure
Advice: None
Pros: + Benefits
+ Career opportunities
+ Open multi-nationality

Cons: Senior Management has to consider all staff benefit.
Advice: Please look into staffs' benefit
Pros: Great company to work in. Good life balance.
