Cons: The Genentech buy out will close my site in Palo Alto.  But worse than that, our pipeline is completely inverted, and has been for 5 years.  We have more phase 3 and 4's than we have new molecules.  That is very costly, and the highest levels of management have not let good molecules go forward due to lack of funds.  This will kill the company before 2015.
Advice: be careful what you wish for.  if you manage to cut your costs and people too much, you will no longer be attractive as a pharma partner because you will be unable to meet delivery timelines.  And let's face it, in licensed products make up a big chunk of your pipeline.  

outsourcing is not the answer you think it is.
Pros: The location is great, and the people are great.  The last few years there has been an effort to grow organically, and hire new young talent.  There used to be a pension, but they discontinued it for new hires.  It is one of the biggest pharma companies out there, and they are partnering with many small biotechs to bring exciting new medicines to market.  Unfortunately, all of the compounds discovered at Roche (that are not from Basel) get killed the slow death from lack of support, delays and fear of the unknown.  There are very few people left in big pharma who actually know what it takes to get drugs on the market.

Cons: There were rivalries between worksites sites, favoritism, and politics were prevalent.  While there were opportunities to learn new things, the group structure was calcified and younger folks couldn't really hope to advance until older folks quit or retired.  I always had the impression that Sr. management was out of touch, and maybe didn't really understand what my group did.
Advice: Sr. management has changed since I left, so I'm not sure how relevant my advice would be.
Pros: Roche was the place where I learned how to be a professional.  I loved the people I worked with on a daily basis, as well as the friendly and supportive atmosphere.  I had great opportunities to learn and grow there, and people are still impressed when they hear that I worked at Roche.  My supervisor taught me a great deal, as did my coworkers.  Roche values mentoring very highly, which is wonderful.  Mentoring inspires great working relationships and helps both the mentor and the protege learn new things and stay current.

Cons: The biggest drawback is that they are closing this particular site in the next year!  However, there are other opportunities that have been created at other sites around the world.
Advice: Continue to take advantage of the management training that is offered by the company - most people aren't "born managers" and many find themselves managers by default because someone has left the company or been promoted.  The training classes, combined with identifying a mentor, will be a huge benefit for new managers, as well as managers who need a "refrehser".
Pros: Roche is a global company with a great deal of diversity and a real cosmopolitan feel.  The company consists of many acquisitions of smaller companies, and although the acquired companies would probably prefer to preserve their autonomy, Roche makes an effort to globalize the various components and look for synergies that make sense from a business perspective, as well as offer greater efficiency.  Their benefits are great and there are many opportunities for advancement at the middle management level.  The company is highly ethical and concerned about sustainability, as evidenced by their environmental programs and comprehensive sustainability reporting.  They are also extremely supportive of education and personal development.

Cons: Top company management are good bankers, but not particularly at developing new drugs.  Of late, frequent reorganizations have made it difficult to advance compounds in the development portfolio.  Several compounds discovered in Palo Alto have been outlicensed and are in clinical trials for other companies, which is very frustrating.  Organization is bureaucratic.  Employee morale in Palo Alto is not good at the moment due to impending site closure.
Advice: Move as quickly as possible on merger with Genentech.  Currently, you have chaos at three sites (Palo Alto, Nutley, and South San Francisco).  The sooner this is resolved the better.
Pros: Functional management and colleagues are great.  I have worked at Roche for several years and have nothing but respect for most of my scientific colleagues.  Projects are varied and interesting - plenty of opportunity to do good science.  Compensation is only average in comparison to other companies, but benefits are excellent.  Work-life balance is good - lots of company support for employee activities and clubs, at least at the Palo Alto site.  Palo Alto stands out locally as a "green" business - a matter of pride for many employees.

Cons: The Good Old Boys network rings true - not just with the men but with the 'home-grown' leaders.  So, in one area, it might pay for you to be a white man in order to get more money and/or promoted.  In another, if you are ‘in’ with another old timer (some of the VPs started out at the bottom level and progressed over the years), your ticket is golden.
Advice: Oh my, where to start:  I'll just say this:  It would help if the people that were promoted KNEW the basics of the job they are promoted to.  Too often the philosophy is:  They did an OK job here so if they are placed in a polar opposite environment, they will do an OK job there as well.  Wrong.  Oh and how about making certain they have some people skills?
Pros: You are paid a decent salary for the work you do - whether you are an hourly employee or salaried.

Cons: The hours can be long and the year-end bonuses are not great. Also, some groups are politically charged leading to squabbles and power struggles. The yearly raises are generally equal to inflation and raises are not significantly higher, even when promoted to a new level. Researchers holding a Bachelor's will not be promoted as quickly as PhDs and are significantly less likely to be promoted to management positions.
Advice: More employees with a Bachelor's degree should be promoted to upper level positions - nearly all management opportunities are given to PhDs.
Pros: The paycheck starts out great and there is support from management to improve your technical abilities. I learned many new techniques and attended several seminars, conferences, and training workshops. There is ample money for lab equipment, travel compensation, and on-campus gatherings.

Cons: Has some long time employees that are in positions of power and not competent or innovative.  Basel in particular is a very non-productive, slow, and bureaucratic in their approaches.  Very poor mechanisms to deal with bad senior management.  Conflict is kept hidden and many back-room deals and negotiations.
Advice: Identify and distinguish between the most productive employees and dead weight.  Empower employees more and fund and reward more innovation.
Pros: Great network of scientists who in general are dedicated.  Diverse cultural background of employees and interests.  Great to be in the Bay Area close to many biotech and technology firms.  Many interesting scientific and clinical problems with fairly good resources to explore solutions.  Employees are generally happy and non-toxic and there is general cooperation.

Cons: I have no major complaints with working at Ventana. The compensation package is fair and the environment is great.
Advice: Keep up the open communication and transparency with all growth that is/will be happening in the coming years.
Pros: A strong culture of accountability and ownership exists at Ventana Medical Systems. Speaking up and making suggestions are encouraged and rewarded. With the recent acquisition by Roche there was some anxiousness about what the future would hold for us, but almost a year latter is seems apparent that Roche likes what we do and is taking a more hands off approach to our business. I have regular and frequent access to my manager and can express concerns or ask questions as they arise.

Combined with all this, the other people I work with enjoy being there too, so I look forward to going to work each day.

Cons: The salaries paid by Roche appear to be lower than other comparable companies.  No stock options to offset the lower salaries.  Because it is a large company the work is compartmental and it can be difficult to get a clear picture of everything that has been done.  Tend to be a litle slow in embracing change and taking risk.
Advice: Keep the communications channel open.  Make sure employees feel all relevant information is being delivered in a timely manner.
Pros: Reasearch facilities are top-notch and it is not an issue to purchase new equipment or expensive reagents.  A majority of the research people are extremely qualified and great to work with.  Support publishing work and attending and presenting work at international conferences.

Cons: Currently not knowing when our jobs will be ending. Until the purchase of Genentech is complete it is hard to throw yourself in work 100%.  It has been a great run but we need to know when it is ending.
Advice: Communicate as much as possibel and be honest. The local management is very open and honest in all communications. That does make it easier to wait for the lay off.
Pros: The people.  I have found almost 100% of the people that I have contact with are great people. This includes those in other divisions and locations. The work enviornment is also easy to operate in. They try to boost morale as much as possible. They still offer a company pension,

Cons: Senior management (NAOC) has very little idea of how to actually run a successful sales organization. They get bogged down in the task-oriented society where everyone at Nutley is busy CYA. I can't believe more heads didn't roll after the horrid way they handled Cera in the United States. Plan B? No, we don't need a Plan B. If Actemra hits a few snags (and why wouldn't it?) plan on Roche NA being significantly smaller in 2010 than it was in 2007.
Advice: Recycle & replace most members of the NAOC.
Pros: Large company with plenty of funds available for investment or acquisition. Drugs will receive national and international attention - even if that attention is primarily negative in recent years.

Cons: Unfair/unbalance workload (Depends on the group you are in). Do not have realistic timelines on projects.  People are expected to work overtime all the time.    At the same time, some other group has no timeline and layback.    People get penalized for working hard while some people are getting free rides all the time.
Advice: Please listen to your people and be fair.  Please work on morale.  People are restless and they are staying for the compensation only.   Performance review gets too complicated and calibration does not work well.
Pros: Compensation!  It is a big company and has name recognition.   Palo Alto has a really nice campus.

Cons: Very political, old boy network, morale is terrible and upper management breeds a work atmosphere of fear and intolerance.The company is outdated in its leadership style.  It's uninspiring, using old leadership and management techniques, probably due to the fact that Roche Global is a family owned company and runs alot like the catholic church: very hierarchical.  Consequently it all runs down hill: fear, intolerance, paternalistic, narrow minded towards ethnic and diverse peoples, and one gets prompted based not on skill sets and ability but rather who knows who.
Advice: Fire them all.  Start with new senior management then make sure they are thinking like modern thinkers with a forward type vision
Pros: Autonomy, Good Benefits, Decent Salary, Longevity of company, company car, well established in specific disease states (infectious diseases, HIV, oncology), a global company that has leverage in the world.

Cons: typical corporate red tape and they are VERY conservative and stuck in their ways.  There is little visibility to senior leaders.  I do not think I have seen a senior leader in person one time except for my division head and he is very rare to see
Advice: Come roam among your people (the analysts, line workers, etc.)
Pros: You are helping the end user live a better lift.  They have great benefits.  One of the few companies that have a pension plan.  Most of the people are nice.  I feel it is a changing organization right now, trying to become younger.

Cons: politics between departments can sometimes hamper work. Bureaucracy is high and sometimes its tough to make long term employees to accept newer ways of doing things.
Advice: separate technical management and operational management.
Pros: exciting products, challenging project work. A company with a very good growth rate..looks promising for future career growth. Lot of products in pipeline ensuring job stability. company has been around for a long time so well set processes.teams are very competent.. senior management is very good at taking note of good work, encouraging fresh ideas. Overall a great work environment. benefits are very good especially for those with kids and families. Employee retention is high

Cons: The health benefits (for Adecco) are not what they could be, which had I known it before, I probably would have looked someplace else. The pay is reasonable, but healthcare benefits are lacking.
Advice: Make yourself more available to the "average" employee. Interactions with management are great and they facilitate an environment of growth, but upper management is rarely seen.
Pros: The workplace environment is one that benefits the employees. Every now and then, fun activites are planned to promote the employees well-being, such as fundraisers, pitch-ins and more. Overall, it is a great place to work.

Cons: Roche is very bureaucratic and slow moving company. The Swiss culture certainly is visible and most decsions are taken centrally after months of discussions. While top management is OK, the next level of management in the headquarter is of mixed competence. The recent Genentaech announcement is a downer.
Advice: Take a close look at the various levels of management in the organziation in the headquarter. There is a clear lack of inspirational abilities.
Pros: Roche is a very Successful company, compared to all the other pharma corporations out there in the world. the drug pipeline looks promising, espceially with all the Genentech stuff.

Cons: As with most companies, the only way to advance in the research side of the company beyond your degree is to either step on a lot of toes or transfer to a non-research position (referred to as a lateral promotion).  The company will pay your tuition if you wish to get an advanced degree, but you have do it on your own time, and you must get a degree related to your current position (no getting an MBA for the scientists).

A method for saving money (which is industry-wide) is to outsource many of the jobs to contractors in order to avoid paying for benifits.  Roche is guilty of this and it makes those in facilities maintenence very bitter and hard to work with.
Advice: Roche needs to concentrate on the company that is has, and avoid purchasing other's intellectual property.  And the fear that the company's Chinese startups instills in it's US and European workers is real and should be noted, or Roche will become another victim of low morale in this age of outsourcing.
Pros: The Nutley, NJ site of Hoffmann-La Roche is one of the original US sites of the Basel-based pharmaceutical and it still maintains "Family-owned" roots (as compared to Roche sites that became part of the company when purchased or aquired).  Roche enjoys including its employees in the success of the company to the end that even non-managment employees are given a bonus based on not only their performance, but the company's as well.

Senior researchers (PhDs) and junior researchers (BS/MS) are very friendly with each other and often socialize together during breaks (which are almost mandatory) and lunch.  And the exchange of knowledge and assistance between all researchers regardless of level is free and friendly.

Roche's greatest feature is the low occurrence of layoffs.  They do happen, but not very often.  Roche is a stable place to work.

Cons: Very conservative culture that doesn't encourage risk-taking, don't think management overall has progressive flexible work-life policies, management seems out of touch with needs and desires of workforce, technology not cutting-edge.
Advice: Spend more time talking and listening to the rank and file (not in organized meeting settings), develop a decent budget along with time for training and development.
Pros: Sense of purpose in working for a company that develops medicines that help people, opportunities to develop different skills, good benefits, enjoy co-workers who for the most part are motivated and engaged in their jobs.

Cons: Management very secretive about promotions and changes in staffing
Little prospects for promotion
Benefits package is subpar. 80/20 payment, high out of cost expenses for expectant parents
Permananent employees grossly underpaid. Company also relies heavily on temps to cut costs.Temps take a long time to be hired as permanent
Advice: encourage development of employees through trainings 
inform employees of future goals and their role in the changes ahead
Pros: Wonderful friendships established. The people are what keep you motivated and make the day go by!
Job stability. No layoffs since hired.

Cons: Management does seem out of touch at times however I've seem much worse at other companies, so really can't complain.
Advice: Strive to be a "Best place to work" to attract new scientists with innovative ideas.
Pros: Pleasant work environment.  Some perks like regular socials and variety of employee social events.

Cons: Euro centric work culture and processes;
Lack of corresponding respect for vast differences in US work culture
Advice: There is a belief that ROche is not that different than Genetech
In fact, ROche is a Euro beauracracy and needs to adapt the success model
which has worked so successfully for Genentech-it is not luck
Pros: Diversity and GLobal presence of its culture

Cons: People stay years and years, move up bcos of seniority.  Nothing to do with capability.
Advice: Stay connected to what goes on, rather than worrying about who at what level said/did what.  Heirarchy is stiffling.
Pros: Stable job, company has been around for a long time.

Cons: Too much effort required to build relationships and manage stakeholders.
Advice: Be fair, open, honest, transparent, build trust.
Pros: Training opportunities.  International company.  Career advancement opportunities.

Cons: Travel is very stressfull on my family.
Advice: More recognition for middle management
Pros: Salary is very competitive, although there is no profit sharing opportunities

Cons: Very poor management, particularly in clinical operations. Very low morale due to bizarre resructure which managed to annoy everyone.
Advice: Give up the day job
Pros: Good salary and benefits, reasonable ability to maintain work/life balance

Cons: Can be very busy and tiresome at times.
Advice: invest in employees
Pros: Cutting edege pharmaceutical development at its best.
