Cons: Can get very fast paced and stressful from time to time, when needing to meet quick timelines, but not a con if you thrive off an environment like that. Which I enjoy, in healthy doses. 

Site could use some upgrading in terms of technology and office layout/decor. Daily use Tech tools are old and inefficient, floors and wall decor is dated. Both do not accurately project the cutting edge scientific products the company takes such pride in producing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to gain experience in vast areas of the company: scientific, managerial, project management, six sigma, financial, etc. If you have the interest, you can gain the skill at Roche. 

Also supporters of continual education, providing financial support for continuing educational interests in any area of the business in pursuit or a degree or certificate/certification. 

Constructive work environment focused on mentoring/coaching. Culture is competitive but without being cut throat. 

Gratifying, even if you had a hard or tough day, you go home knowing you had a part in producing product(s) that touch the lives of so many patients and their families.

Cons: Process, process, process... like any big Pharma, too many processes, and very rigid, hurt innovation. Way too many governance committees make getting something approved a painful process. And a waste of time. But if you are organized, and can accept this over-governance issue, Roche is a great place to work.
Advice: Simplify governance. Governance committees have become a turf war where all alpha males speak loud and it's a waste of time to really good scientists. Roche is a great company to work for and you are making it very difficult to innovate. Simplify decision making, simplify processes.
Pros: I worked at Roche in 2012-2016, at the site in NY. Excellent company to work for. Great benefits, good salary, great environment, fantastic perks (often free food, celebrations, a very inexpensive cafe with food/drinks, attendance to sport and shows, etc). Great resources, interactive, and fantastic science. I loved my colleagues, the site, the company, both Roche and Genentech, and I recommend it to anybody looking for a good job, with excellent science, people, benefits and salary.

Cons: Old boys network.  Job blocking to maintain key talent in roles as long as possible.  Limited opportunity for growth.  Sexism both implicit and overt.  Not enough women leaders and male leadership holding positions for far too long.
Advice: Take a serious look at culture of sexism and old boys network that rewards males with less skills and accomplishments over females due to favoritism.  Females must work twice as hard for half the credit.  Take a serious look at your value system and begin to walk the talk.  Ditch the archaic east coast 80s conservative corporate culture and step into the Twenteens!  Your business culture should mirror your sense of leading cutting edge in technology.  Spend more time in the left coast and evolve.
Pros: Cutting edge products, great people to work with.  Leadership encourage innovation.  Culture of accountability.

Cons: New building in Indy for RDC takes around twenty minutes to park and get set up in the new open area work station concept. All employees, mangers, directors, and vps all sit out on the floor now. Has the feel of working in a fishbowl constantly being monitored.  Parking garage is a decent distant from the buildings so will make for long hike during the winters and rainy days.  Also, hard to move around to new opportunities especially if you have been locked into one for a number of years.
Advice: If you trust your employees, treat them with the respect they deserve.
Pros: Challenging demanding work. Great benefits. Decent pay. A lot of knowledgeable, educated workers.

Cons: There is a lot of movement in management due to the multitude of career opportunities.  It is hard to work on your on career development when you don't have a manager to talk to regarding what you want to do and how to get there.
Advice: Work with your employees, ensure they know what options they have to advance their careers at Roche.  Engage in conversations in career development.
Pros: Roche is a family oriented company.  I have a work/life balance and my hours are flexible.  There are many career opportunities available for employees to move into to gain more knowledge and skills.

Cons: Very slow and bureaucratic.  There is a good amount of politics, and people who move upward know how to play that game.  It's basically what you'd expect from working at a giant company.  Compensation is mediocre.  For a company this large, there is a surprising lack of process in certain areas.
Advice: Try to better streamline and define your processes.  Reward good work, not just people who look like they're doing good work.  Keep hiring good people.  

Things aren't bad enough to leave, but not good enough to be excited.
Pros: People are generally very smart and friendly, and open to share their thoughts.  I've called many other Roche sites worldwide, and people are always happy to collaborate and help however they can.

Cons: There are some in senior RA management positions who are out to further their  careers and do not put enough effort into mentoring and growing the team.  All time is spent managing up and not enough managing down.  This results in many talented people leaving the organization
Advice: Pay close attention to the morale of groups within the organization.  Sometimes the successes of a group happen in spite of the VP and not due to their efforts.  many people are self driven.
Pros: Very good benefits - great projects - growing business.  The company also has very smart people who are great to work with and all work towards the same goals.

Cons: Middle Management

Some of the directors and senior managers are not competent (many are though).  

The incompetent ones are the obvious elephants in the room, but upper management doesn't seem to reprimand appropriately, and prefers to sweep it under the rug with a guise of using the Culture of Accountability versus tackling the problem head on.  

The incompetent middle management personality types fall into two main categories: they are either never around, or they are micro-managers who don't know what they are talking about and mask their ignorance and incompetence by questioning and talking condescendingly to functional study team members.   

The micro-managers get so wrapped up in details of everything, but they're never around to know the details so they endlessly scrutinize all the work the study teams performs which inevitably stresses out the team members who deal with the details and study work on a daily basis. It would be one thing if they understood processes and had valid, constructive feedback and points to make, but they question and scrutinize for the sake of hiding their own lack of knowledge and to feed their superiority complexes at the end of the day so they can go home feeling accomplished for doing something other than complaining and pushing emails all day.

The micro-managers also have a double standard of what they require of functional study team staff compared to what they provide themselves. They require transparency but do not complete the flow by being transparent downward (even to their own staff); They harp other functional areas to complete dependencies sooner than expected to compensate for their own delays in timelines. 

This ultimately crushes morale and turns staff off from even wanting to interactive with these individuals.
Advice: - Scrap having middle management sign off on study documentation and leave this to the functional leads 

- Before they send out interrogating emails and belittle member in the occasional study team meetings they attend, have middle management train on processes and work instructions which they clearly don't understand due to just clicking a training button in the training system

- Above all, stop ignoring the issue as to why staff keeps leaving. Clearly there is a pattern.
Pros: Overall the company is on the better side of biotech and innovative when it comes to diagnostics.  Functional leads and support staff are great to work with, and the work is straight forward.

Cons: The walk from the parking garage to the office could be a challenge in the winter or the rain, etc.  There is no parking right next to the buildings anymore, just a centralized garage.  If you are a pack rat or like things printed on paper or like to "own" your own space, this company may not be for you!
Advice: Add a coat/ boot room please!
Pros: The new buildings on the Roche campus are great.  Very progressive design and lots of opportunity to stay healthy.  Huge gym with great equipment, fitness classes, etc.  Cafeteria has lots of healthy choices and delicious food.  And free, fresh gourmet coffee!!

Cons: Way too much politics. Sometimes, they elevate the loud ones instead of the smart ones, like the one who was promoted to VP and overruled the expert with the argument "this is not a democracy". It was a good job and yet I'm glad I am now elsewhere.
Advice: Listen to the rest of us. There are plenty of good ideas being dismissed, which is very sad. You are missing out.
Pros: Salary and benefits were fantastic (e.g. a matching 401(k) AND and pension). I was a member of a great team, good colleagues and supervisor. The projects and products were great too. Lot of fun.

Cons: Global company takes forever to make a decision.  Layer upon layer or bureaucracy, red tape, and politics.  Too many slogans and cheer leading sessions and not enough of management taking action on employees' requests.
Advice: don't just pay lip service to caring for your employees.  Actually listen to them and you can find out that many have great ideas and are valuable beyond a warm body.
Pros: Global company with deep pockets and some very smart people in R&D.  Most people I worked with were pleasant and wanted to do the right thing.  Decent benefits.  Mostly a secure place.

Cons: Inflexible and old-fashioned HR and career development policies, processes, procedures. Relatively slow growth - limited upward career growth opportunities. Inconsistent hiring practices - quality of many mid- to high- level managers is far from norm in the area. Slow, risk averse, politically charged culture. Lack of domain knowledge expertise on many key levels.
Advice: Benchmark from the best companies in the area, including divisions / companies within the group. Take accountability - ownership of key projects, adjust incentives to match common practices in organizations attracting top talent
Pros: Relaxed atmosphere, easy commute, decent brand name. Consensus driven culture, ability to do lateral moves, grow within, stable organization and good upper management

Cons: Lean manufacturing, diversity and inclusion gone awry. Traditional habit of hiring and promoting people based on how well they are liked instead of how well they perform.
Advice: Identify your five hardest working people and reward them for it with long term pay and benefits. Identify five people who no one would notice if they didn't show up for a week and allow them to pursue other interests.
Pros: Globally recognized name and status. Funding for huge projects, unlimited resources. Excellent pay and benefits. Willing to pay for out of area learning and travel.

Cons: While the pay and benefits are amazing, it appears that the growth trajectory at Roche can be limited. This is a beloved company and many people work there 10, 20, even 40 years. With people working there so long, it makes it very difficult to move up (based on my observations)
Advice: None
Pros: They make me feel wanted and welcomed at Roche. My coworkers treat me as a true colleague (even though I'm an intern) and are just as excited to learn from me as I am from them.

Cons: Local management did not communicate well with their direct reports.  There also seemed to be a lack of respect for people (such as administrative assistants) who did support work.
Advice: Talk to the people who work for you.  They are on your side.   Treat the people who were in place before you started as well as your own hires.
Pros: great benefits, access  to experts in many fields, opportunity to work with people from around the world, commitment to doing things right and creating a world class product.  The CEO of Roche global is one of the most inspiring speakers/leaders whom I have ever met.

Cons: Compensation package below the market average.
Life Science Division in state of flux for last 3-4 years.
Advice: Roche is a well-known and established organization in the healthcare sector. Diagnostics Division has seen great advancements in technology fueled by a number of acquisitions. Life Science Division is the smallest division yet the most volatile in regards to reorganizations.
Pros: Forbes Top 100 for Best Places to work in the USA. Overall, good senior leadership in ever-changing and challenging environment. Promote a positive organizational culture
and focus on the customer. Very positive experience when it comes to work life and family life. Solid Benefits package.

Cons: Work environment is undergoing departmental changes right now: moving from cubicles to open-concert spaces, emphasizing working outside during the day rather than inside. If you're open-minded and willing to explore a little to find your best way to work, this makes working at Roche even better. But of that kind of thing makes you unsettled or uncomfortable, you may want to look elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: INCREDIBLY well-organized and well-run company; the emphasis on Focus Feedback makes for an environment with really great synergy, and gives every individual an opportunity to stand out in any position.

Cons: Global organization many times does not focus on development to meet the needs of the US customer. Point of Care business unit has not developed a wide array of testing platforms thus has not gained market presence as other companies.
Advice: Focus more on the US customer needs and also do a better job of proactively developing or buying technology in the point of care segment to help grow diagnostics revenue in this expanding business category.
Pros: Very stable company with great history. Had a long rewarding career. Company is very innovative especially in molecular diagnostics.

Cons: Management not in tuned with workers and what is really going on in the company. They need to realize that their best resource in knowing what is going on is with the people who work for them.
Advice: Follow through on the cultural commitments. Provide your employees with opportunities to grow and develop even if that means they may move to another dep.  not just talking about it but actually doing it.
Pros: Good work life balance (one of the best in the companies that I have worked for)
Collaborative atmosphere. great benefits

Cons: Products would be better represented in the US with marketing materials specific to regions rather than a "one size fits all" global approach. Poor formulary coverage and slow to adapt to current health care reimbursement makes for customer facing financial challenges to remain brand loyal.
Advice: Re-orient senior management to current challenges that vary from region to region, and implement solutions that empower sales force to not only meet but exceed customer and corporate expectations.
Pros: Great benefits, customer focused selling is strongly encouraged and supported by management. High quality test strips with established reputation in the industry.

Cons: The leadership is excited about the idea of diversity but unable to embrace diverse perspectives, backgrounds and approaches.  It truly feels like you must fit in a box to be successful at Roche.
Advice: Please work to embrace diverse perspectives by listening to the feedback of employees and implementing a plan of action to make changes that accommodate employees feeling like they fit, are valued and are fairly compensated.
Pros: Large company, many opportunities, leadership is accessible and there can be longevity in roles at Roche.

Cons: Hard to maintain work life balance with innovative projects mainly due to more traditional IT governance and project scoping process as well as creation of milestone agreements across business units without the necessary contracts signed and in place prior to commencement. always playing catch up.
Advice: Allow at least 6 months for contracting process and plan this into realistic project plans or better yet revise the contracting processes.
Pros: Compensation & Benefits are good as well as very competitive. There are site differences that exist but these are based on local employment benchmarks.

Cons: 1. location (our office is in Pleasanton) 
2. not a lot of coffee/tea/soft drink options like most companies do and the cafeteria is pale in comparison with Genentech's (okay maybe I am asking too much ;-) )
Advice: I'd be awesome if we can have our working environment like Genentech's? (e.g., cafeteria, gym)
Pros: 1. amazing colleagues to work with
2. very rewarding projects to work on
3. team managers are very welling to listen to teams' suggestions/options and they show much appreciation to team members' work
4. great company benefits

Cons: Big company = very easy to get lost, LOTS of process; Workload is challenging to manage and full-time employees can easily work 50 hours a week; too much focus on shorter development cycles -- need to get back to focus on quality without penalizing teams monetarily for making (correct) decisions that impact timeline.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for those who prove that they can do it to move around within or between business areas and divisions; Smart, passionate workforce; Solid business and good company outlook; Management continues to invest in R&D and innovation.

Cons: The down side to working for a pharmaceutical company is that one day the life changing drug is going to be off patent and then become a generic drug that not going to be as effective as the prescription drug.
Advice: I'm a team player and always going the extra mile for the success of the business.
Pros: A company that  thrives on the success of  their employees as well as making sure that we continue to manufacture quality product for our patients in a safe effective manner.

Cons: Too many groups try to do the same thing without coordinating. This results in conflicting priorities and no good solutions.
Advice: They need to coordinate on strategic solutions. Put champions in place to coordinate the solutions that have backing and authority to bring all the attempts together so they at least work together instead of as separate islands that conflict.
Pros: Good Work Live balance. Immediate line management is responsive to concerns and easy to work with. They like to celebrate achievements.

Cons: I get it that a company that has to deal with the government is going to be a little bit tight about new ideas, projects, and making sure they are in complete compliance. But contractors are discounted and not really involved in the discussion.
Advice: Embrace the idea that contractors have good ideas, too. In fact with their wealth of various experiences, they can probably show you quite a few new things.
Pros: Fairly mediocre, in my opinion.

Cons: big, slow, and scared of change.  we are a culture of perception - no metrics or accountability.
Advice: first- continue to drive forward with current goals, I think they are right on.  but, cut the politics out of the talent cultivation process.  Hold people that fail accountable.  Measure performance, promotions should not be a popularity contest.  drop gmail.
Pros: Stable, secure, good bennies.  I think business has done very well under Jack and that we have solid leadership.

Cons: Management not in tuned with workers and what is really going on in the company. They appear to be in their own little world and listen to each other. They need to realize that their best resource in knowing what is going on is with the people who work for them.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Good Family and work life balance (one of the best in the companies that I have worked for)
Nice co-workers and just the people in general.

Cons: Micromanaging is rampant.   Company speaks to wanting to advance their employees but little is done to aid in that.
Advice: Invest in employees, if they have something they want to learn and do listed on their yearly performance plan then allow them to do so.  Stunting their growth will not make happy employees.
Pros: Benefits are great.  Compensation is above average for the area.  Ability to telecommute as needed for work life balance.

Cons: Byzantine management structure and artificial barriers between groups preclude efficient decision making. Up to 25% lower pay for being in a division that uses acquired companies' pay structures.
Advice: Create timeline for leveling compensation or continue to hemorrhage talent.
Pros: Good coworkers and respectful managers. People are passionate and driven. The science is good and the products are good. Not high stress.

Cons: It's not what you know, but rather who you know in regards to moving up. Not enough promoting within the department before bringing someone in that is totally new.
Advice: Listen to your employees more, as they are the individuals doing the work.
Pros: Benefits are beyond great, awesome people to work with.   Company really promotes health and wellness for its employees.  Great on site wellness center and gym.

Cons: Large company so there can be a lot of internal processes making it difficult to act quickly.
Advice: Keep up the good work. I learned so much here and am thankful for all your support!
Pros: The people you work with are truly supportive of you, personally and professionally. They are there to help you succeed. The people truly live out the mission and values. Also, great benefits. Many opportunities for growth.

Cons: Hard to get your foot in the door if you do not have a referral. 
Rewards for value brought to the organization is often missed. **But compensation / salary compared to market is above average.
Advice: None
Pros: Free On-Site Health Clinic
On-Site GYM
The Culture
Brand New Campus for the Diagnostic Headquarters in Indianapolis
On-Site Park
On-Site Summer Camp
Excellent Benefits (Health, Dental, and Retirement)

Cons: Location is difficult to commute to if you live in San Francisco 
No lunches or dinners provided
Work/life balance might be a little stressful
Advice: Provide some sort of relief to the long commuters. At least a shuttle from Caltrain. Pay for the monthly Caltrain pass
Pros: Large infrastructure around the globe
Very fun work environment
Very exciting science
Great cafeteria
Great transparency between upper management and the lowest employers

Cons: It has become a development pipeline producing the same type of assay over and over.  Management has become micromanaging, unsupportive and stingy.
Advice: Remove the micromanagers
Pros: Research used to be a great open environment where you could form collaborations and explore new ideas across departments.  Benefits are very nice.

Cons: Salary not competitive. a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a aa
Advice: a a a a a a a a a a a  a a a a a a a a  a a a a a a a aa
Pros: Great place to work. Culture is better than most places. Not a lot of stress most timed. Good & smart coworkers.

Cons: Constant shifting of positions to Germany.
Upper management is completely out of touch
Ego driven environment. 
Little room for advancement
Advice: Stop promoting those who are clueless. Stop promoting those that have no idea how a decision they make affects other business units. Show genuine interest in employees.
Pros: Decent salary. Decent benefits (not good though). Nice gym. Some freedom in schedule and work life balance. Relaxed work environment.  Tuition reimbursement available.

Cons: Politics can be tricky @ Roche.  Because it is such a large group, budgets can be re-assigned to other projects at any given time...
Advice: I am not too sure here.  Maybe try to empower your employees more.  I do think that overall the company is doing pretty great!
Pros: Roche strives to better patient diagnostic and care.  Being part of the solution is fantastic!

Cons: Upper management had a tendency to skirt issues and prolonged making decisions. Too many cliques and favortism.
Advice: Perform skip level conversations with the people to see how the feel about situations and not to avoid them.
Pros: Roche is very good to their employees with compensation and benefits. People are friendly and performing cross functional tasks was easy to do with the personnel.

Cons: Not a lot of room for growth within certain divisions. Management team is stale and grouped to save their own jobs, not strong innovation when it comes to strategy
Advice: My advice for management is to start fresh with new ideas, new management, new marketing , new strategy
Pros: frequent flier miles, they let you keep them. The company cafeteria is very nice with good food variety. Great stepping stone and learning enviroment.

Cons: Systems are too rigid and reduce innovation.  We do things because that's how we've always done things.  QMS is very conservative and lots of red tape.
Advice: Listen to people speaking up and challenge the status quo.
Pros: Great work/life balance, good pay, excellent technology, top notch QMS, good resources, and stable company.  Good opportunities for advancement and growth.  EXCELLENT benefits.

Cons: As a company recently acquired by Roche, the integration process has been rough. And, common to acquisitions, certain individuals have been negatively affected.
Advice: Roche could do a better job of integrating companies it acquires. It could better state what the future plans are for the acquisition.
Pros: Roche has a very nice culture that promotes individuals to look for and move internally. This allows many opportunities for growth.

Cons: Work life balance is not always there, salaries have not been evaluated in years. penalized if you stay in the same position more than 5 years.  The longer you are in a position the less raise percentage you are eligible for
Advice: review salaries, appreciate veteran employees
Pros: Great Industry, wonderful opportunities, excellant benefits, challenging work

Cons: None I can think of.  Would be great if more vacation days could roll over when not used previous year.
Advice: Don't change benefits. They are very good.
Pros: Overall great health insurance. Medical, vision and dental. Adoption for those needing. Great 401k and matching program. Very happy with benefits.

Cons: Growing and new to Roche, they are still learning how to keep the small business feel and fit into the Global environment of Roche.
Advice: None
Pros: Purchased by Roche in 2014. Good people. Good benefits and vacation. Good annual bonus.

Cons: Revenue stream continues to be challenged. Products that would disrupt the market have been pushed back on timelines. Some individuals in leadership are in it for themselves. Atmosphere has become somewhat negative due to changes in the market and reorganizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people with a passion for helping patients. Good benefit structure and the company continuously looks to add options/items. Brand reputation in the market.

Cons: *difficult to move around in spite of upper management saying they wanted people to stretch into new jobs
*no real career assistance for employees
Advice: Don't keep your sales area so difficult to move into.  It does not allow people to match the stretch motto the company has.  A good leader wants to grow those already in the company.
Pros: *Great peers in Diabetes Care
*Growing company

Cons: Way too much time sitting. My health diminished greatly because I was tied to the phone practically!
Very difficult to move up to actual Roche employment (you will start off as a contractor).
Near impossible to follow all of the protocol.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of professional development. Great managers. I loved my co-workers!

Cons: Roche is a large company with layers of business unit divisions and internal processes that may sometime stagger effectiveness.
Advice: Thanks for great leadership.
Pros: Roche is a great company with focus on improving lives. You will find great diversity in people, focus on people and best products and strong effective leadership.

Cons: Upper management does not listen to its most importent asset, its people.  They only care about people in Indy.
Advice: Listen to your sales staff and retain people who truly sale and not people who fill out Miller Heimen reports.
Pros: Good Pay and very good benefits

Cons: boring repeatative job , no room for growth
Advice: stop playing faves among employees. It's obvious
Pros: flexible scheduling, great work-life balance

Cons: Need to be collaborative worker, not the right place to work completely alone
Advice: Great work, preserve the culture
Pros: Cutting edge engineering and science problems, friendly and fun teams, company stability and ownership of what you work on, work that makes a difference, perks

Cons: i can't think of anything but also I was only emplyed for a 9 months long trainee.
Advice: have tasks and projects ready for trainees when they start their employment. keep up employment relations.
Pros: - work-life balance
- payment
- perks and benefits
- labs, buildings very modern
- company culture very connecting

Cons: At times passive attitudes from surrounding employees. Management hard to deal with at times
Advice: Management could be more open to what lower level employees have to answer
Pros: Good company to work at. Enjoyed it a lot and I learned a lot through  the experience

Cons: -None really. Only thing is that gym and cafeteria could be expanded.
Advice: None
Pros: -The people are amazing and dedicated
-Managers care about you and take active role in your personal and professional development
-The work that is going in the company is truly meaningful
-Meaningful projects with impact (even for an intern!)

Cons: A few managers were micro managers. They made you use their speaking style to customers instead of your own and that made it awkward.
Advice: None
Pros: Very organized company, great training program, most of management was good. The expectations of the reps was very clear. Realistic sales goals

Cons: Limited opportunities for corporate growth.
Advice: Although the corporate leaders express an interest in open-communications, employees may not feel as though their candid opinions are embraced.
Pros: Excellent company with great corporate values and commitment to providing products and services for patient disease state management and success.

Cons: Another major NJ pharm R&D closure.
Advice: This was one of the best organizations and companies I have ever worked for.  Sad to see the closure of the Nutley research site.
Pros: What an amazing place for drug discovery, innovation and collaboration.

Cons: None available at this time; there are no cons as of now; Great place to work for all kinds of educations and experience
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for entire family; commute is easy for people from all sides of Indianapolis; Great work/life balance

Cons: Sometimes some of the work to be done is appointed to a few people while others' colllaboration is reduced or none.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative company, leader in In Vitro Diagnostics. Well recognized for the quality of its products. Good work environment. Opportunities for development.

Cons: No career advancement. No formal ethics program so management gets away with literally illegal practices. Very poor security. Way behind in terms of technology, furnishings falling apart, backwards management styles. Heard from several other employees that they're actually known for "cover ups" - seriously?!?! Hello FDA!
Advice: Get a clue - listen to your employees
Pros: Nice location. That's about it. Horrible cubicle & office design. Horrible parking (I.e., no parking).

Cons: Appeared to be lack of strategy and direction from senior leaders.
Advice: Let change settle before introducing another change.
Pros: The benefits are incredible and the pay is great. The organization provides a ton of room for upward career development. I was promoted within 18 months.

Cons: As a contractor, the benefits provided could be much better.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work - very nice people, work culture is great, and tremendous opportunity to grow and explore career opportunities

Cons: None.  It is a great place to work
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: It is an amazing place to work.  Teamwork atmosphere.  Just an overall great place to work and build your resume.

Cons: Inconsistent policies on working from home - lot of nepotism involved.
Need to work outside normal work hours due to international locations, starting at 6am
Bureaucratic and slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back environment. Good cafeterias, good gym.
International travel and work opportunities available.

Cons: Direction and structure of the sales force is constantly changing. Excellent reps have been right-sided as a result.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company with a great vision for future healthcare. Excellent resources available to perform your job.

Cons: Sometimes have difficult vision in a a couple of divisions.
Advice: Make sure you keep senior people who know what they are doing.
Pros: Great benefits, and really enjoyed the culture.  Still have good contacts and friends there.

Cons: No type of stability. Get laid off after 3 years of working regardless of how good or bad you work, then get hired 6 months later and thats they're way of operating temporary employess.
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly and team work orientated organization.

Cons: It is hard to get in since the internship is competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is the good place for doing internship if you want to learn something and get fairly good compensation. People are very nice.

Cons: Upward mobility may take longer considering sheer size of company and amount of highly qualified applicants internally.
Advice: Stay the course!
Pros: Highly intelligent co-workers, lots of opportunities for growth and great company culture.

Cons: Not easy to move up. HR doesn't respond to employees
Advice: Don't hire entry level people for non-entry level jobs - promote from within
Pros: Good benefits, good products. New buildings on campus

Cons: new structure of ladder makes it tougher for new supervisors to find out what is going on
Advice: keep doing what you are doing
Pros: whole company makes you feel like family, great coworkers and managers

Cons: Its demanding but won't have issues if you are a hard worker
Advice: Get to know employees and try to stay connected.
Pros: Provides lot of opportunity if only you are willing to learn.

Cons: The benefits started good but have deteriorated over the last couple of years. The plant is for sale. Maybe closed.
Advice: Take care of our long term employees. They stayed loyal for a long time. They did not chose to leave the company it is leaving them.
Pros: The pay has been good. The benefits started good but have deteriorated over the last couple of years.

Cons: Hard to move up, not a lot of career direction, senior management not in touch with daily activities
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, flexible work hours, convenient location, work from home capabilities, latest technology

Cons: Very weak from a diverse ratio of employees
Advice: Examine work force compared to management related to diversity
Pros: Opportunities to advance and experience pharmaceutical and diagnostics under one umbrella.

Cons: Big organization and communication isn't always the best
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, vacation (Christmas to New Years is paid vacation), great health benifits

Cons: Too many lay-offs and changes in management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, salary and time-off.  Many additional perks - they take great care of their employees.

Cons: Company slow to adopt the most recent technologies due to an ultra conservative approach.
Advice: Experiment more with the newer technologies!
Pros: World class pharmaceutical research conducted here.

Cons: Cafeteria food is not the best
Advice: I enjoy working here and working with all my co-workers
Pros: Work Culture at RMD is great
Great benefits for employees

Cons: It is a large organization, with strong conservative approaches to business, impacting the speed of action
Advice: None
Pros: The company takes a genuine interest on people

Cons: every team is moving to open workplace which I personally do not like
Advice: None
Pros: good workplace, higher pay than other similar companies, good facilities, good benefits

Cons: Work life balance challenging but acheivable
Advice: Look within for talent.   They are usually in plain sight.
Pros: Great work atmosphere.   Competitive benefits

Cons: everything was perfect.  No cons
Advice: You must continue like this.  Excellent job
Pros: Nice company, there are a lot of things to learn

Cons: Women are advanced over men
Advice: Afford men the same opportunities as women
Pros: The benefits, flexibility, interesting work and peers.

Cons: less pay compared to its competitors in the same region
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunity in one of the most advanced pharmaceutical company

Cons: Location is difficult to recruite, volatile product portfolio
Advice: Develop new SM business
Pros: Highly skilled work force, good talent

Cons: Poor Leadership and Management. Some areas not worth investing in.
Advice: Keep and Hire Talent.
Pros: Some very talented people, Benefits, Good Corp. Culture.

Cons: Very large global organization creates a lot of layers, divisions and complexity.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative drug development company with a strong patient focus.

Cons: Division leadership very indecisive. Site leadership very PC.  Average work week 50-60 hrs.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits. Good HR partners.

Cons: Too many managers, not enough workers
Advice: Focus more on the employees that are willing the advance.
Pros: Great place to work, Great people.

Cons: Large organization with complex decisionmaking and processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive Base salaries
Relatively high cash bonuses
Multiple perques

Cons: Ventana bought by Roche in 2008 is still a small local company
Advice: Globalize!
Pros: Roche is a strong and honest company

Cons: expected a longer contract, but communication sometimes a little complicated with Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere at workplace, people always ready to help.

Cons: No innovation, very shady management, promise vertical movement but they don't deliver
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, flexible work schedule

Cons: None of any significance at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment with challenging assignments and great compensation package.

Cons: Difficult to organize meetings at times because of how busy everyone is
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, friendly employees, always work to do

Cons: Management is a mess.  Unrealistic goals.
Advice: clean house.
Pros: Decent products, but too late to market.

Cons: The company has too many unproductive meetings
Advice: Management needs to improve communications
Pros: The company culture promotes cross functional development

Cons: Major communications gaps among project teams and functions.
Advice: None
Pros: Several functional departments provide flexible work space and hours.

Cons: Diabetes market is tough right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Job gives great satisfaction educating people about great products.

Cons: Slow to market. Slow to adopt change. Risk averse.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture! Overall, This is an incredible company

Cons: Will close facility if competitor gains market share
Advice: Loved working at Roche.
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Extremely conservative to the point of being mind numbing
Advice: None
Pros: Generous compensation, salary and benefits

Cons: Similar struggles to other large biotech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, cool products and tons of flexibility

Cons: Inconsistent management approaches and styles
Advice: be less of a family company.
Pros: Flexible schedule each day which is great

Cons: Lack of solid management with the right level of experience
Advice: None
Pros: Travel accommodations, benefits as well as cafeterias

Cons: I have no idea what need to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture and good benefit.

Cons: People - management biased, poor managers allowed to bully staff.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, compensation, and development opportunities

Cons: The working pace is a bit slow
Advice: None
Pros: The working environment is very professional

Cons: Needs more clear training and guidance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for entry level.

Cons: Large company with many levels of management
Advice: None
Pros: great co workers and work enviroment

Cons: Can be Bureaucratic and too dominant from HQ
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits and Global Diversity

Cons: It is a little bit slow
Advice: Listen to rank and file
Pros: Company has a lot of resources

Cons: Big company, can get lost in the organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Experience, Knowledge, Longevity, Training, and Growth

Cons: Sites other than corporate HQ lack needed specialties.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits & pay, great professional development.

Cons: Tends to be a very structured organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Very innovative company with a long term focus.

Cons: Decisions are always made at home base (Basel).
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: Easy to get complacent with position
Advice: None
Pros: Very relaxed work environments, great room for growth

Cons: Too few people to do way too much work.
Advice: Higher more employees.
Pros: Great learning experience.

Cons: No cons. Company cares about employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: no reduced stock buy options
Advice: None
Pros: career opportunities, family friendly, values

Cons: I can't think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful benefits. Big focus on growth.

Cons: Lack of vision by upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers on the Roche Team

Cons: -management could listen more to employees
Advice: None
Pros: -great pay
-great benefits
-great work-life balance

Cons: Bought out by another company
Advice: None
Pros: Great Family business. Good work life balance

Cons: The cafeteria food can improve
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and lifestyle

Cons: Career advancement can be challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great benefits.

Cons: Not applicable at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Management, Culture, Innovation, People, Development

Cons: Senior management sacrifice employees for their own gain
Advice: Start treating employees as human beings
Pros: No accountability for job done, if you like to slack off this is the place for you

Cons: Management lacks experience in the positions that they are hired for. Some managers have no supervisory experience but are supervising people with management experience. Wrong decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice campus with good transportation.
Good benefits

Cons: Low Pay
Difficult to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Job security
Great place to work

Cons: The pros depend on who you work for. There are many people at Roche in the UK that are deadwood, sitting in senior positions without adding anything to the business. If you work for one of these people then you are generally fine if you can create benefit to them (ie make them look good; allow them to take all the glory) up to a point. However, if you have ambition and want to progress you will find there is little opportunity because of this deadwood. Even if you excel you will rarely find an opportunity because people like to keep you below your capabilities (this has a corresponding effect on pay, whereby Roche is in the bottom quartile of salaries). This has lead to a culture of bullying in the UK, literally dozens and dozens of people have been forced out as they are cheaper to get out the door then the 'lifers' that are bullying. The problem tends to be made worse by a HR department that panda's to the people creating the problem, because they lack the skills and experience to do otherwise.
Advice: Shake the tree. The potential is there for Roche UK to be one of the best parts of the company, but the bullying and problems caused by the minority of senior management has allowed a great number of talented individuals to leave. You are a small cog in the global wheel, so be careful.
Pros: There are some fantastic people and opportunities possible

Cons: The hours required are huge, almost everyone in my team works most weekends and evenings in order to complete their workload, and this is what is expected by senior management of their employees. 
The focus is not on patients as the company would like people to believe, the primary focus is making as big a profit as possible, and decisions which may help patients are not made if their is no money to be made from them.
Locally, the company is under resourced, despite winning a large amount of new business 
The salary is considerably less than what I would be on now, if I had remained working in laboratories in the public sector.
Advice: Hire more staff locally.
Pay staff in accordance with what they would get if they were in the public sector.
Have a true focus of patients and healthcare, even it means not making money from the odd contract.
Pros: The work is varied and very interesting.
The people in the company are very friendly and easy to get on with.
The majority of the team are excellent at what they do and committed to doing their best to help their customers.

Cons: The best opportunities are not in the UK and therefore I cannot apply again as I am now in The North of the U.K.
Advice: I managed a global IT portfolio from Basel. Saw my line manager twice per month. I did this role autonomously and was in contact with other portfolio manahera throughout the globe evening calls etc. 
I had to return to UK and after getting some great results Inhonearly don't see why I could not continue to do this role remotely? All to do with Visas and insurances apparently?  There are many roles I feel Incould manage remotely for Roche and would love to work for them again but cannot relocate due to family reasons now.
Pros: Global opportunities to work with and learn from really intelligent people. Training and advancing your career were a priority to Roche, you mattered.
I was Educated in multi cultural working, Travelled the world and was given opportunities to work with many high level colleagues who all took time to mentor me.
Work life balance was always promoted.
Fantastic organisation, good salaries and bonuses and pension scheme was amazing .

Cons: Nothing that really stands out. Everyone generally thinks processses imposed are overkill, but I got numb to this after a while and am just zen now whenever I'm faced with process slowness to deal with. On occasions though it does mean I kill a potentially good idea to the business (not present it) because the hoops to jump through just put me off and I'm usually at full capacity or more usually. Noke of these are real problems to me, but they are to a business.
Advice: Restructure all departments a bit more often please, keeps the business more agile, gets rid of deadwood etc. Find the people hiding in the system - they can be loud or quiet personalities, you just cant tell who is not pulling their weight and who is abusing the trust employees are empowered with. I hope you can distinguish between those who talk the talk and those who can actually walk the walk.
Pros: Good, yet cheap food in cantine. Stimulating work although I think the life cycle of a role im in feels pretty short. I feel unstretched now.

Cons: Lots of great line managers (esp first time line managers). But be VERY wary of middle management. Too many have their own agenda, are out for themselves, give only lip service to company values etc. Will not back you up; in fact, would not hesitate to throw you under the bus if it helps advance their career. Senior management either doesn't know or doesn't care about the middle management problems
Says it has a speak up culture but the reality is a long way from the ideal
Matrix organization = office politics galore
HR is not on your side
Many depts seem to be reorging with possible loss of positions
Advice: Fix the middle management problem!
Pros: Meaningful work: people really are committed to improving the lives of patients with serious health problems -- that's a huge plus
Strong science and research focus
Strong commitment to sustainability
Good salaries and benefits
Global opportunities and many opportunities for short-term assignments in other locations/departments (with manager approval)

Cons: Total lack of objective evaluation. Never explained to employees why some things are happening. A colleague with extremely low performance, who was 50% of the time absent in two years, got promoted and nobody ever understood why. Salaries are totally not performance based. One must just fool them at the interview and will enjoy a higher salary for ever without doing anything. Tarif scheme is totally communistic and performance-killing. Germans are always promoted much easier no matter their performance. Management is extremely poor. Motivation is killed. You are just a headcount number. Complaining pays off to make you shut up. Mannheim location is UGLY.
Advice: Get fired!
Pros: Secure environment, almost impossible to get fired, relatively good salary. Training opportunities at the beginning. Mobile phone for free (it's not a pro, but could not think of anything else to fill in the 20 words).

Cons: The job postings for dual students are relatively scarce and unappealing. As far as Grenzach-Wyhlen is concerned, the positions available are almost exclusively assistants. No possibility to go into sales unless you have 3-5 years of experience. Very-trainee oriented (candidates with PhDs)
Advice: Lowering the requirements for sales, as other pharmaceutical companies are doing so as well. Also, do not shift focus entirely towards trainees but concentrate on retaining dual students.
Pros: Continuous exposure to various departments, deeply integrated in the organization. Possibility of placements abroad. Very competitive salary compared to peers, performance and commute bonuses. Participation in a junior company with responsibility to manage an annual budget of 150k

Cons: After the recent "integration" the up to 70% of the management is from Genentech.  While I can appreciate the innovation this company has brought in, the management style of some legacy managers coming into new roles at Roche is absolutely inacceptable.  There is absolutely no focus on development and support and people are used and then replaced with "new folks" from the United States.
Advice: You ruining the Roche culture.  The Genentech style management is not plug in play.  The potential impact to people that have been in the company for over 10 years is disastrous.
Pros: Roche has historically been a great company.  It has gone above and beyond guaranteeing the best benefits for its people and focusing on its culture.

Cons: As it is a large company, what you experience from it depends largely your specific unit, and group and team leader or line manager. I you get a competent line manager then you are going to thrive and flourish. But otherwise it is going to be a place you might need to get out of, soon. I know of several case who were in both such scenarios - careers either picked up or was a disastrous move and they quit soon after.
Advice: None
Pros: It is large company, so career progression might be a reasonable expectation and is also often experience. the benefits are good and the portfolio is healthy. It is stable giant of a company and you have a fairy good chance of finding your career in good hands.

Cons: Very negative energy and big exodus of good people either being laid off or leaving to better companies/opportunities.  Field people are not valued.  Constant fear of being laid off, restructure and change just for "change".
Advice: Find ways to value good people.  Increase transparency and promote from within.  Sometimes fostering a good culture is the little things that can make a big difference.  Ie no travel for business meetings on Sundays, Christmas get togethers,
Pros: Smart people, great products, This is a great company to go to if you want to work in specialty biotech and have no/little experience.  Great starting point as it is very difficult to get into some of the other companies unless you have a solid track record. Roche will give you a chance because of the vast turnover in an area with normally little turnover.

Cons: Sometimes communication can be difficult through the departments, mainly due to cultural reasons i believe.
Advice: Keep on doing what you are doing so well.
Pros: I have been working in various Pharma companies since 2000, Roche is by far the best company.   I am here since April 2015 and have not even one negative situation to report.  Sure not everything works perfectly but the mentality and the attitude is so positive and always working towards success and improvement.  I instantly felt included and given the opportunity to develop towards where i wanted to go.  I feel that Roche actually cares for the employees well being in every sense.  I am really happy to work for Roche.

Cons: Myself I do not see any cons for Roche as  a research and development company. If I see some cons is that it sometimes lets itself be typical very large company where everybody needs to follow the majority and prescribed trends.
Advice: Roche is in general very solid company with special emphasis to modern drug research and development and has many successes in drug development especially in difficult areas like oncology
Pros: Roche is generally very good place to work  especially in the research and development departments but also in other like IT. Roche is concentrating on very challenging areas of drug development and has many successes there

Cons: extremely unprofessional management, even the lowest level managers think that they are already CEO and should not engage in operations. Huge amount of people that are on the same position for a decade and think that they know everything, no learning sharing culture, no appreciation. Speaking out, courage and   change are enemies, and whoever dares to talk about it is attached. Extremely slow moving people and processes.
Advice: Come down from your Olympus and improve the communication in your teams. Leadership is not only talks and high words about how great you are.
Pros: compensation package, even though your bonus only depends on the years in company

Cons: The technological infrastructure is really poor (they do not have one comprehensive ERP system, many separate softwares instead) which yields to ineffective and unproductive internal procedures and this inevitably affects the work-life balance negatively.
They have a good HR system for career development but it is not tracked effectively by HR.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellence in R&D affects whole organisation in a positive way. Being apart of a company who provides the most innovative drugs for patients with serious diseases feels really satisfying
Compensation and benefits are competitive compared to pharma market.
The company gives value to having diversity  in the organisation therefore they highly promote international assignments, the existence of women within management teams etc.

Cons: Incompetent management - lack of knowledge and experience in medical device industry! I could repeat this 100 times. This is a HUGE problem for Roche PVT!
Intrigues and political rubbish - personal loyalty is much more valuable than expertise and knowledge.
Too many useless meetings, total misunderstanding of Agile and Scrum in particular. Declaring Agile values while using classical command and control style. Effectively applying 'best' management anti-patterns.
Advice: Reinforce Roche PVT management with experts in medical device industry who are able to implement Roche DCC and industry standards in practice.
Pros: Very good work and balance.
Good tools and equipment.
Nice location and comfortable office in Waiblingen.

Cons: Compared to other pharma companies, people stay in roles for a much longer time before opportunities present. It is great for stability but can create complacency. It is not such an issue as they are located on the Northern Beaches and people often choose to work there due to geography and lifestyle but moving to a company in Macquarie Park I was amazed at how many people with less development and experience had moved within corporations to senior positions.
Advice: Move from Dee Why and create more accountability and less complacency
Pros: Great development and great products.

Cons: Working in healthcare brings positive attention but also many questions on the high price policy of our products.
Advice: Don't loose keeping an eye on the existing employees working hard day by day, rather than more and more focus on newbies. You can count on the established ones, can you count as much on the promises of the others as well? And please don't underestimate that someone needs and is doing the daily jobs of the newbies when they are sent into all those projects.
Pros: Really doing a lot for having employees motivated. Some aspects are on a lower level since Genentech integration but still top ranked.

Cons: Lack of vision in shaking the world for patients, despite all the PR.
Reality of career development is completely different from HR policies and brochures.
Constant stream of redundancies implemented quietly - away from media and rest of employees.
Individuals treated like numbers, which is sad as this is symptomatic of the culture change started 5 years ago.
Advice: Stop believing your own spin and setting short-term goals.  Think about the company and your legacy - for the sake of patients and stop hemorrhaging great talent that you'll never replace!
Pros: Great company doing great things.

Cons: As expected of big Pharma, multiple layers of management
Communication from upper management could be better though if you have a good line manager, she/he will more than make up for this where they can
Sometimes difficult to progress depending on the state of the department - resourcing was difficult at times, therefore workload could be very high
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with visionary leadership
Great bonus and benefits
Work from home options
My job offered me the chance to gain lots of experience which looks great on my CV
Company is very open to moving between departments if the opportunities arise and line managers are expected to be supportive towards this.

Cons: In Australia the leadership group is very internally focussed - a lot of internal change to balance the books.  I feel they have lost sight of the clinician and the employee.
Advice: Find a way to have fun again whilst engaging your staff.  There has been years of take, take, take - do more with less - lighten up and listen to your customer facing people.
Pros: Roche has excellent products that change lives.  Discussing the products with clinicians allows scientifically interesting conversations and provides a motivation to work hard every day.

Cons: As per the sales executive Responsibility need at least 1-2 persons who will be responsible for Merchandising & Order Bookings.
Advice: Recruit people's who will be responsible more on Order Bookings & Merchandising.
Pros: Team work Co operation Ethical &professional.Good work culture and The team co ordination are quite good.Best part of the "Diabetes segment" is retailers getting more margins it describes that our company is Growing with the hands of our Retailers where they can also growing.

Cons: It is good company        Salary is not bad ,overtime work pay is good . Company culture is great and colleagues are nice if u leave u will miss it
Advice: None
Pros: A good company                                   Salary is not bad ,overtime work pay is good . Company culture is great and colleagues are nice if u leave u will miss it

Cons: Compliance and process is very challenging. Bogged down in so much administrative red tape. Makes being creative and innovative difficult. Customers think company has gone too far with compliance. Some infighting of the CDN Executive Team.
Advice: Need to simplify compliance and processes. Company is consumed with internal rules and total risk avoidance. Appropriate innovation and creativity environment is lacking as a result.
Pros: Talented people, development opportunities, work life balance, flexible work arrangements, decent pay and vacation and benefits. Great products and mission to help patients.

Cons: Global working so sometimes hours are long, but that is a fact of most global businesses. However, Roche is flexible with working hours so the impact to personal life is mitigated well.
Advice: Keep developing people as you are doing. There is a strong sense of dedication within the organization that is attributable to the management style. Employees are happy to be in the great environment with great leadership and principles.
Pros: Excellent values, good management and lots of opportunities. Strong dedication to science and people. This is a very good company with an outstanding reputation. I am proud to work here.

Cons: There is difficult to manage the big amount of work that you have every day and sometimes work becomes very stressful.
Advice: I work in an outsourcing position, most of the time the company make difference between people hired by Roche and Outsourcing employees and it is  demotivating.
Pros: In this company you have the opportunity to work with people from every part of the world. It cares about its employees so it provides services as  gym, transportation and dining

Cons: I don't have a bad thing to say.  We've gone through a fair bit of change which can be difficult however we are fully supported with timely communication as to the why and how.
Advice: You are heading in the right direction.
Pros: You are hired for your subject matter expertise, held accountable for your own development and empowered to do things differently.  I'm given the flexibility to balance my work with my family life.  The people I work with inspire me.

Cons: - Multi national governance needs work
- Operations not optimized.  
- Most corporate and strategy functions in Switzerland and San Francisco
Advice: Too many initiatives and strategies.  Lack synchronization.  Employees are doing work that adds very little value to the patients because of these initiatives.
Pros: - Very strong pipeline after merging with Genentech
- Innovative Breakthrough Medicine.
- Treat employees well with above average benefits in all aspects.

Cons: Way too many processes and complexity created due to heirarchy and need for everyone to feel consulted, as a result, everyone is 'busy' trying to keep people happy while projects move in a glacial pace
Advice: Simplification of projects is needed, true prioritisation, meeting culture needs to be addressed, people who excel need to be rewarded, not just the people who know how to please others
Pros: Autonomy, people development, interesting work

Cons: Can be political and there are people in roles that don't belong there and are not qualified - hard to get rid of them in Switzerland. Many people abuse the sick policy
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, work from home, learn from leaders in their respective fields, possibility to network. I feel Roche is a more family oriented company as compared to its competitors where I've worked.

Cons: Beware of the cafeteria it has an amazing chef like taken out of aware tale and very affordable gourmet food, you might end up lading some extra pounds.
Advice: I'll just use this space to once again express my dearest.
Pros: Specialized monitoring you get to choose your mentor and he/she will be Company director. Lots of exposure to IVD industry milestone accomplishments.

Cons: Being based in the UK, it sometimes felt like your office was a little bit of an afterthough, since major decisions come from head office in Germany or Switzerland.
Advice: Keep up the good work - Roche is a fantastic company to work for.
Pros: Great personal development opportunities, particularly internationally.
Really feel like you matter to the organisation.
Great communication from the leadership.
Great managers.
Good opportunity to network and collaborate with overseas colleagues.

Cons: Probably only that there is limited parking at the offices. But Newmarket train station is really close!
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: There is an expectation to be the best, and with that comes huge investment into development. Everyone is very respectful and knows the other person they are talking to are the best in their area in NZ.

Cons: Low diversity in most departments. Nearly all of them have a Natural Science background.
Advice: Research driven doesn't mean to have researchers in EVERY department. There is no need to have ONLY employees with a natural science background in a department such as Marketing. 
Homogeneity kills innovativeness and that's exactly what Roche will need in the future.
Pros: Amazing working environment
Good work-life balance
Good salary

Cons: The cooperation and collaboration between divisions are not well managed. Each division still has individual plans without discussing with another division.
Salary benchmark is not transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment, good Work life balance, good global value and a good opportunity to develop your career in a global organization.

Cons: - It's all about politics and networking, not about the quality of your job
Advice: More and more useless managers are appearing in the first layer of management due to excessive politics and networking.
Pros: - Compensation and Benefits
- International environment
- Stability

Cons: The global organisation is very unstructured and without transparency. No real over sight on the managers.
Advice: Have a stronger HR . Make the managers more accountable. transparency is missing and the global managers can operate within loop holes and escape scrutiny without oversights.
Pros: Great organisation, smart people that are employed .

Cons: IT strategy bit scattered. R&D dedicated to Business
Management model to review (a bit old school)
Driven by a global department ( less likely to fit region specificities)
Advice: None
Pros: Growing market. Good cause, interesting career path.
Ability to travel/ settle around all roche facilities.
Benefits in sync with its sector

Cons: Work life balance especially at affiliates sites is poor. Salaries are not to much competitive against market and other companies.
Advice: Decision making needs improvement
Pros: Product portfolio is great and multicultural environment. Specific career paths and great opportunities for development! Innovative company and leader in the pharmaceutical sector!good benefits and reassurance!

Cons: Some of the management are out for themselves and cannot manage teams. This shows when they destroy good teams and morale
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and people focus. Very passionate teams

Cons: Some employees seem to be overworked. Not sure if this has to do with being passionate about their job or they actually have a lot of work assigned.
Advice: Encourage employees to focus on high priority tasks and generating efficiency instead of trying to do everything
Pros: People friendly culture. Employees are very passionate about their work.

Cons: Big company always has complex administrating process, you need to prompt effectively to achieve efficiency.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a company full with innovation , caring , and social responsibility. Working in Roche makes you feel purposeful and productive, and advance studies is encouraged, I attended advanced English class by company funding during 2013.

Cons: Long decisionmaking , lots of politics, sometimes you cannot follow decisions how people get promoted
Advice: dont promote the wrong people and pay more attention in line manager selection.
Pros: I like working with Roche... like in each company its all about the people and the team, good benefit package

Cons: One needs to find the right team fit, otherwise is either slow intellectual death or burnout
Advice: Too many reorganizations that are needed and obvious, still keep doing yearly rounds that only demotivated. Structure a 10 year plan and stick to it, would be less stress for everybody.
Pros: Great employer, interesting tasks, difficult politics

Cons: Slow decentralized processes (especialy approval and HR), lots of repeated projects and wasted resources. Takes a long time to get things done and make an impact.
Advice: None
Pros: Great product pipeline and global network. Had a good time working there with great colleagues.

Cons: I do not remember any downside to working at Roche.
Advice: good
Pros: Roche is a great company and a reference in the pharmacy industry.
It has a great responsibility with patients producing and applying high technology in their medicines.
And expands the boundary of the corporate sector and seeking solutions to society.

Cons: I cant think of any to be honest. expect that they require you to speak German when in fact you do not  really need to speak for most roles.
Advice: None
Pros: There are great perks, good salary, flexible working (but it depends on department and manager), many events, good location, nice people

Cons: Work could be challenging, they say it is part of learning. Ratchadapisek traffic is really bad but we can use mrt instead.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of career opportunities and development programs,  great benefits. Like new office! Competent colleagues. Flexible working hours. Provide fitness first members.

Cons: Large organization, takes time to push changes through. Often difficult to reach all involved parties or even to figure out who they are.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company climate, transparency is valued.  People are treated fairly also in difficult situations. Innovation and long term strategy are core.

Cons: Sometimes too much pressure at times but that is probably with all jobs - but overall good place to work
Advice: Good management overall
Pros: Good salary, benefits , shares , pension option - good place to work - good working environment and nice people

Cons: Too good to be true. I left the company because of family relocation. I would love to join Roche 's family in the future.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic company. Highly professional colleagues. Work life balance. Super staff benefits. Employees are empowered to give ideas and many good processes in place.

Cons: Sometimes in companies of this size and such a long and successful past the process of changing things thoroughly could be a bit faster.
Advice: None
Pros: This company offers great possibilities to develop no matter in which field you are currently working.
Roche really cares about its employees.

Cons: Typical corporate environment hinders your your ability to make a real impact
Advice: Give up on the lean/kaizen stuff...if there's a problem fix it...ye have the people to fix it.
Pros: Given freedom to make the job your own

Cons: Many toxic employees who are never fired 
Not enough women in high ranks 
Salaries should be hire
Low work-life balance
Advice: Empower women, get rid of toxic personalities and hire people from other parts of Central america and The Caribbean.
Pros: Traveling
Multicultural environment
Diversity 
Somehow open to innovation
Empowerment of young talent

Cons: Globalization affected contractors. We were treated from that moment as a "second level citicens"
Advice: Roche is losing its values for the software development part. New management don't care about.
Pros: Good team working
Profesional testing team
Good manager of the area, taking care of employees

Cons: Your success is determined by the line manager * which I find sad in general*
Advice: You should have whistle blowers to find out what is happening to the small fishes
Pros: It is the best employer so far

Cons: As Roche employees you'll have not enough time to admire everyone's nice career evolution with the company. Everything is happening so fast !
Advice: Keep it going!
Pros: If you want to be the most proud employee, try this one. Is the best work environment ever.

Cons: HR is absolutely crap and needs to be replaced

HR knows leadership commitments but is the worst apartment at Roche and does not pay attention to it
Advice: realize what you are propagating ("what and not the who")
Pros: Best payment.
Nice colleagues
Perfect place for networkers

Cons: Really none... can't say enough good things.
Advice: Keep it up. Valuing your employees will always payoff in the future.
Pros: Flexible, great work life balance, lots of workplace activities and opportunities for learning
Passionate Staff

Gym

Cons: Not ideal place to work. All finance responsibility roles are reserved for expatriates from Basel or Germany. There is no recognition for talent. Make your own experience with run away as soon as you can
Advice: Need to change company culture completely
Pros: Ideal for early carrier  background building up. Possibility to work in an international environmental. Not really much more to add as pros

Cons: No structured processes, low autonomy for decision making. In some processes the function name counts more than experience in the field.
Advice: None
Pros: Close relation with leadership (depends on your position at company) , good will to conduct process, focusing on people.

Cons: need to cut through complexity sometimes, procedures can get in the way, as with all organisations sometimes reorganise for reorganising sake
Advice: None
Pros: very good company, benefits great, good culture, definitely recommend it, good team of people working together, great pipeline

Cons: Rigid in moving cross departments for experiences.
Advice: None
Pros: Doing well with cancer therapeutics, well fare such as dental and medical are well taken care of, keep work interesting my organising events e.g. friday "hoho"

Cons: Better work & life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: An ethic company to work for, with strong values with main focus on patients. Many opportunities to work in other countries and a clear vision of career development.

Cons: Little older technology stack, Strict process (difficult to make a change) because of regulatory reasons.
Advice: Great environment, keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: Great colleagues, flexible work hours and great work life balance.

Cons: impossible to get the incentive bonus, internal competition is huge
Advice: take care of junior staff as they could not meet the normal target in short time
Pros: Good colleagues, products are easy to sell, incentive was excellent

Cons: Not many chances to grow up (maybe it depends on the department)
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good. Compensation and benefits are better than most of Spanish company in the market

Cons: Basic junior and senior positions become low challenging after 1-2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Perfect place to start as a fresh graduate.
Good people, good values, nice working environment and correct benefit package

Cons: Lack of communication at certain levels
Advice: Care for people and put them in the position where they can give the best in the company benefit but also for themselves.
Pros: Quality of products and Brand recognition

Cons: Stressful work environment (compliance)
Heavy lengthy processes, not streamlined
Employees' satisfaction is down
Advice: Focus on people more than processes, it's the key for processes to work
Pros: Leader in biotech, great experience in a pharma
Fast-paced learning
Good benefits

Cons: big machine, difficult to things done as there will always somebody who (thinks) has something to say as well.
Advice: Lean up the managment
Pros: flexible, work life balance is perfect

Cons: a lot of politics, lies, and crap happening in middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, opportunities to work internationally, development opportunities

Cons: Like every large company there are many people and departments to learn and policies and training to complete.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Positive attitude towards staff and culture of excellence.
Excellent office facilities
Friendly staff

Cons: lately company changed to worse - people management. Management team does not care about employee enough attention.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work on the beginning of career. A lot of projects. Nice benefits.

Cons: The constant grind could take a toll on family life.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for professional and self development. A company culture of "can do" and an enabling environment for innovation.

Cons: Training is not very efficient and helpful in terms of content and topic
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, and very low turn over rate, great chance to get promoted

Cons: slow
lack of vision
too many systems and processes
no parking facilities
lots of hot air
Advice: get a clear vision
Pros: safe
good pay
international environment
lots of very experienced colleagues
(still) leader in diabetes

Cons: low salary compared to other SSC
boring and monotonous taks
Advice: None
Pros: they care about how you feel at work
treats (sweets, fruit, etc) every fiday
company events
"Wellbeing Week"
good work-life balance

Cons: Opportunities to advance are slow to come by but do happen.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoy coming to work, doing my job plus some. Great benefits and work life balance.

Cons: Shift work are very tiring
Advice: Listen to employees as they are the ones working at the floor.
Pros: Day time only shift work

Cons: People development
Lack of transparency within affiliates
Conservativeness
Low salaries
Advice: Develop people and be patients to their undiscovered abilities.
Pros: Lot of procedures
Challenging objectives
Excellent oncology portfolio
Very good pre launching activities

Cons: Too much politics. We need people doing more and not people only concerned with their careers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and people are very respectull

Cons: At the moment only to have too much to do...
Advice: keep up doing what we need next!
Pros: Great teams, support, discussion culture, more than fair salary

Cons: hard to get promoted, too many talents are in company
Advice: keep the growth as these years,stop buliding new systems
Pros: oversea annual meetings are quite good

Cons: As in any other huge company, internal processes may be slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: The company culture, the work-life balance, and the free coffee

Cons: Multiple priorities on-going in the same time can lead potentially to delay in projects
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, Leadership, L&D opportunities, Recognition of a good work

Cons: Work/life balance might be a little stressful, Sr. Manager with low vision (view) over the operation
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, office environmental, entusiamatic team and high professional

Cons: - sometimes leading managers of technical departments with no technology knowledge
Advice: - check knowledge before PhD
Pros: - social working  conditions
- soft skills count
- fair
- respectful

Cons: None. No negative review.
Advice: None.
Pros: Multicultural and family oriented.  Roche cares about employees welfare. Great place to work.

Cons: May not have too much opportunities to do what you want
Advice: Not too much advice for now
Pros: Good culture and great benefits

Cons: weak middle management, dubious performance metrics, introverted culture, constipated decision making culture, minimal degree of empowerment
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, reputation, friendly colleagues, good pension

Cons: Nervous sensitive quick action taken by a stray decisions fairly treated all people the same pattern
Advice: Management is the art of dealing and working diligently to achieve high professionalism gains required to work on the development of cadres working constantly
Pros: COMMUNICATION SKILLS
- Good Communication Skills.
- Good Dealing with patients.
- Work within a team.
- Work under pressure..

Cons: - very hight expectations and therefore workload can be high
Advice: None
Pros: - Great values
- Great mission
- Good benefits
- and a lot more

Cons: Lately they are hiring too many externals to avoid hiring new internals... bad move!
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work, well work & family balance

Cons: Culture was not a nice place to work
Advice: employ some non Germans
Pros: Well paid but money is not everything

Cons: Too slow for some process approval and reviews.
Advice: Improve the above Cons
Pros: Global and big size company

Cons: Senior management often do no walk the talk, can improve...
Advice: None
Pros: Long term vision, passion, people focus....

Cons: HR and Management turn a blind eye to bullying and harassment in the workplace. They are unwilling to help colleagues or listen to problems that involve managers.
Advice: Train and continue to develop all line managers.
Pros: Nice building in the UK. Fun and engaging activities throughout the year.

Cons: Sales oriented company. You need to try your best to manage your boss.
Advice: None
Pros: You always have things to do

Cons: too many stress at work- long hour driving from home
Advice: None
Pros: good jo and interesting staff- CEO is nice and empatic-

Cons: low salary compare with other company same field, too many targets/year
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus package, AON insurance for you and your family

Cons: Insecure environment, constantly worried about layoffs.
Advice: Care about your employees more
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: - high work load in busy times
Advice: None
Pros: - motivated employees, good culture, diverse workforce, good development opportunities

Cons: every thing is good for all
Advice: Management is good
Pros: Innovative, Creative Culture for every one.

Cons: A lot of dinosaurs and Indian chiefs
Advice: Action speaks louder than words
Pros: Good working environment, family oriented.

Cons: not too many opportunities, low salary
Advice: None
Pros: nice enviroment, good benefits, good company to have in your resume

Cons: They do not have an atractive salary
Advice: None
Pros: Engagement with people. Always trying to get rid of burocracy

Cons: Senior management, works only with connections, management plays favorites
Advice: None
Pros: Clean, friendly, good food, great people, good technology

Cons: Lower than average pay and benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks, beautiful office, good people
