Cons: Very odd performance review system and, in my experience, inconsistent. Performance is rated on a curve, with an expected number to fall below "meets expectations".  Management follows that curve so that a small handful of employees who may have met every expectation throughout the year were assigned below average rating to meet the Roche standard.  Also, I have seen a "partially meets expectations" on the compensation review, yet no rating at all entered into the internal HR Portal.  Unclear career path for many non-exempt positions
Advice: 1) An employee should never receive a less than "meets expectations" rating because of a corporate statistic unless he or she fell short of goals established.   I have sat in on review meetings and watched this very unfair process unfold and the managers argued over who to give a lower rating to.  Borderline unethical business practice. p.s. for my own review, all that was discussed were shortcomings with NO acknowledgement of achievements. Who does that???
2) Would recommend the company consider increasing the annual allotment for Tuition Reimbursement, currently capped at $10,000 per year. 
3) Standardize job titles and pay scales throughout the organization, all locations; advantages for training and growth opportunities not provided to equivalent employees at all business units.
4) Offer mandatory training for all management with a set of standard guidelines for LEADING.
Pros: Benefits are excellent, plenty of flexibility in the work schedule and fosters a team environment. Pay is ok, average.  Very good fit with colleagues, more than adequate management communication globally and locally. Global initiatives are met with positive responses from all employees.

Cons: - Very risk-averse, to the point where project implementation is difficult and can drag on for months.  Too much red tape and documentation are required to get any project off the ground. 
- The trade-off for the great benefits is that salaries can be 10K lower than what you'd find elsewhere for a similar job title/role.
- Success within your career path depends mostly on who you know and how well you fit with your direct manager's personal focus and leadership style.  Employees who are stuck in a rut career-wise can become "unstuck" by moving to a different department/manager. 
- Managers spend too much time in meetings and travelling
Advice: - Find ways to streamline project development and implementation, including cutting down on needless, unhelpful documentation and layers of bureaucracy.
- Cut down on meetings and travel for managers.  
- Encourage managers to sit with employees once a month and understand the day-to-day work.
Pros: - Respect for employees' work/life balance.  Salaried employees have some flexibility in work hours.  Most managers are willing to work with you on this, as long as you're a reliable employee with no performance issues.
- Excellent vacation and health benefits (includes dental, vision, prescription, retirement savings/401k)
- Friendly and respectful work atmosphere
- Plenty of learning and career development opportunities (includes tuition reimbursement)
- Employee appreciation events and activities are very nice and well-organized - company not afraid to spend money to reward employees for hard work
- Good on-site cafeterias/food service
- Challenging work - very bright colleagues who will push and inspire you to do your best.

Cons: The diagnostics division is not generally considered revenue generating, and as such all things are seen in that light.  You can only do as good a breaking even so most successes seem muted.  The is little room for advancement.  You will work with an aging workforce that   is waiting for someone to tell them to retire.  The company resources in-house are world class, but the field is left to their own devices.
Advice: Take better care to investigate employee work-life balance.  Structure your teams with an equal parts experience, ambition, energy, and knowledge.  Question local behaviors and activities and match them with the corporate perks.  Take care of the field employees and do not overtly make them feel like an expense.
Pros: There is great job security here, but not really much room for ambition.  If you don't mind doing the same thing until the end of your career than this is a place for you.  There are not many leadership opportunities, and those that are come rarely but last for life.  In healthcare work-life balance is an afterthought.  You must make that a personal goal to achieve for yourself, or else the company will use as much as you give and ask for more.  Great benefits though.

Cons: Diabetes care management, from director and above do not have a clue about how to succeed in the industry.  Completely incompetent!  Run very much like a high school campus, if your are not one of the "cool kids" you are of no value to leadership.  Culturally ... they talk, but do not walk the talk.  The division is dead and most everyone of value has been severanced or left the organization.  MG was either not made aware of what he inherited, or is complacent and expected to oversee the demise of DC.
Advice: Sell for whatever you can get or withdraw and leave the market ... Roche Diabetes Care is an embracement in the industry.  Old technology with no apparent desire to become a leader again. This company has one foot in the grave.  It is unfair to allow the employees to linger in your incompetence and indifference.
Pros: Good Benefits, Salary was somewhat above average for industry.  A once proud and prosperous brand has been decimated by incompetent leadership

Cons: There are no major downsides, the biggest one being you need to be placed high enough in the hierarchy to receive bonus and stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: The company highly values and invests in Research and Development. Being the market leader in Tissue Diagnostics, this company can dictate the technology and new product pipeline in the industry. The salary is fair and Tucson is one of the best places to live in the country weather wise. The company has flourished under the Roche umbrella while keeping its own identity and that is what makes this company a great employer for anyone interested in Cancer Biology, Biochemistry and Biomedical Devices!

Cons: No work-life family balance, they work you in to the ground as a result of poor product quality. Marketing is out of step with the industry and products suffer from significant development challenges where lack of planning and proper testing of equipment in the domestic US marketplace fail to reveal quality challenges. The company has a very well defined set of core values but unfortunately no one at high levels of management actually cares.
Advice: To retain and keep top talent and to be the place where people want to work - means a great deal to the people who have worked for Roche in the field and who have desperately tried to hold together a facade for our customers that makes us look like we practice what we preach. In reality as time goes on it is painfully apparent that the core values and desire to be "that place to work," are simply platitudes. Doing now what patients need next - actually has to happen to be true.
Pros: Great pay, good benefits. The field sales team are professionals and wonderful to work with - dedicated.

Cons: Top management is Ok since the departure of one who is now a CEO at another place. However, not as great as the previous top management which had their eyes on the bottom line but also valued their employees. Current management does not value the employee as seen in more than 5000 employees loosing their jobs at a location they had for more than 100 years. Management would point to performance but needs to look at the performance based on the basket of products available to that location.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work processes, continuously reviewed and updated.Well maintained integrated systems, reviewed and updated periodically for robust performance and meaningful data. Fair work life balance and fair compensation. Sense of community in many if not all areas. I travelled extensively for this company (many countries) and have always found most employees to be quiet happy.

Cons: Employment instability, out-dated technologies (intranet, employee portal, training portal), senior management makes odd decisions, product direction is confusion, lack of innovative products, tell you to innovate but innovative decisions are made by a small group of pals, stale culture, lack of decision making causes extra work and stagnates the development process, managers seem to be more focused on meeting their bonuses than the actual product that the customer receives
Advice: Listen to your workers, they have a vast amount of knowledge that is being overlooked.
Pros: Great benefits, fitness center, flexibility in job execution, great to work for a company that makes products that help people, very generous to charities, lots of opportunities to network and volunteer

Cons: Sometimes the better employee is not the one who gets the promotion. Different career paths are not clear to employees and a good employee can get stuck. Possible paths are left for the employee to figure out on there own. "Coaching" can become overly critical and drawn out.
Advice: Listen to employees and if company expects loyalty it must give it in return. There have been several positions eliminated and good people let go. During realignment try to find other positions within the company for affected employees instead of letting them go.
Pros: The benefits are very good. Most coworkers are very good to work with. Products are helping people which is very satisfying.

Cons: Poor work/life balance in the R&D organizations--Overtime is expected.
Not enough office space--many managers have to share offices
Travel is over-managed--Roche allows business class travel for international trips, but for some reason this unit of Roche will only allow coach for all employees under the level of Director.
Many senior level personnel have left the company due the restrictive nature of the Roche culture
Growth has slowed significantly with little opportunities for growth.
Manufacturing is a after thought.
Advice: Fix the life-balance issues
Improve the development process to focus on quality and less on schedule
Fix the travel policy
Pros: Excellent health and 401 benefits
Casual dress environment
Emphasis on promoting women--there a number in major roles
Emphasis on R&D--there are a high number of Ph.D level employees

Cons: Micromanaged by middle management who, a lot of times, did not have a grasp of what was going on within the department.  Focused too much "focused feedback" which at times was very critical and not given in a motivating manner.  One of their core beliefs is "Speak Up" but speaking up could backfire and have a negative impact on your career.  Middle management pretty much wants you to agree with whatever they are saying.  Lost focus of the customer in the time I was there.  Very behind in technology.
Advice: Really look at your middle management...many have not a clue as to what is going on within their departments.
Pros: Decent salary; excellent benefits; enjoyed my co-workers; nice work/life balance

Cons: Very few cons specific to Roche Diabetes Care other than the entire industry is trying to redefine itself in light of increased overseas competition for dwindling healthcare dollars and reductions in reimbursement for prescription blood glucose meter test strips.
Advice: Endeavor to be able to adapt more quickly to marketplace changes and challenges.  Continue the remarkable tradition of superior product quality and community service in the area of Diabetes Care.
Pros: The Diabetes Care Division takes very seriously their product pipeline, production practices, and responsibility for producing quality goods.  Employees are well trained, actively promoted when possible, and generally treated with considerable respect even during times of company downsizing and redirection.

Cons: I worked for Roche for 14 years and other than the last 5-6 years it was a great company.  My advice is if  you are working for Roche in the IT area, you are at risk of yearly stress of losing your job due to restructuring and sending jobs around the company/world.  In the past 6 years, my job was impacted 4-5 times.   I had to either apply for a new job or take a package and leave.  All of these were due to OPEX realignment of personnel.  Senior management would move head count from one location to another without always understanding what they were doing.  The latest push in the US is to send IT to Genentech in CA, Madrid, Spain or back to Basel, Switzerland.  The Nutley location was closed down after 100 years of service and the US headquarters shifted to Genentech.    

The merger of Roche and Genentech has not been the smoothest.  Each company is still a separate entity and supported by different IT departments.  

Genentech has not experienced the headcount loss experience as of my last day.  They are in for a shock once it does.    You have to keep in mind that Roche is the typical Swiss based company, and Gene is the typical San Francisco company.  They are on completely opposite sides of the spectrum.    Roche is extremely process driven, cost conscious (with regards to IT) and doesn't like to deviate.  Gene is agile and flexible with the mentality of "get the work done as quick as possible."  They don't let cost act as barrier necessarily.  Gene is able to bypass process and make their internal customers happy with rapid turn around times.  This is the direction Roche is trying to go but with processes still in the picture.
Advice: Stop with the constant reorganizations.  Once we finally get everything working again, there is another change and efficiency is lost again.
Pros: Good benefits for all Roche employees.  
Highly competitive salaries with bonus and depending on your level, stock options.  
They do a great job of providing top notch healthcare, dental, 401k matching and so forth. 
They value personal time and all the managers I had were great to work for except one (he is no longer with the company).  
I would still be with the company if they didn't shut down the location I was at.  
Each time I was impacted by a restructured job,  I was able to get a 10% retention bonus for my stress (you would get it if you stayed to your end date as well).
Very good severance package when large groups are impacted.

Cons: Dishonest, big on lip service, poor on follow through even if they expect it from the folks in the field, corporate greed, lots of posturing, typical Nazi stereotype...all at Roche
Advice: Grow some.  Integrity is sexy, concepts such as honor, character and ethics are sorely lacking at the top.  We did in the field as we saw above at the corporate office.
Pros: I worked my own hours, I produced as I saw fit, as long as I produced they left me alone.  all in all in was an ideal job for a top producer and someone as driven as me.  I couldn't have asked for a better career, until the industry went south.

Cons: PhDs don't make always the best mangers.  Some Labs needed renovations.  Silo departments. From one department to another you are managed differently.  Taking over Genentech messed up a great legacy.  Worst was the big lie of making nutely a research center and then closing the site. Roche as a company lost a lot of my respect.
Advice: Take a course in human ethics
Pros: Great science and vision. Great balance of new talent and legacy folks.  You could learn as much as you wanted.  Benefits are top. Compensation great.   Worked with some great talent. Some of the management was ok. The true workers great people.

Cons: Roche failed to invest sufficiently or understand this fast growing market, so they failed to use the talent present to develop another technology to keep them in the game.  2014 they will turn off the lights and start over in SF.
Advice: Focus on taking market share in the US, where the money is, while leveraging European and Asian presence to increase sales.  Understand that the the next-gen sequencing industry is faster moving than any other technical industry.  3 years is a millennium, 5 years is an eon.
Pros: Great work environment, emphasis on good leadership, focus on developing staff, really smart people

Cons: Everything was very traditional, especially the cubical environment I worked in. It was very much a 'clock in, clock out' culture. The size of the company made it difficult to get things done without going up a fairly sizable chain of command.
Advice: Management should try to engage with employees a bit more. Those I worked with seemed overworked, so it was understandably tough for them to socialize much.
Pros: The pay was very competitive, the Indianapolis site has many nice facilities, and many employees had been working there for several years. There was a since of loyalty and security with the company.

Cons: gRED has an air of superiority over pRED, and its no fun being on the pRED side.
Advice: pRED and gRED have very different cultures.  Cannot directly compare the two organizations or their productivity, without changing management styles.
Pros: Roche is a fantastic company to work for, but a lot depends on whether you are pRED or gRED.  As far as salary, benefits and treating employees with respect, it is a wonderful place. There are enough opportunities for everyone to do well, grow and be rewarded.

Cons: Sr. Management is very sleazy and nonstop pathological lying is the culture.  They will push subpar/incomplete products out the door only to collect bonus $$ - then spend $$ millions having to redo or correct critical design errors ultimately taking years to correct.

Work/Life balance is nonexistent and travel requirements are significantly higher than competitive /peer companies.

Leadership style is "fear" based --  "Lie to customers or be fired" is the SOP


RMD should be considered an embarrassment to Roche Holdings in terms of integrity.
Advice: Stop the pathological lying
Stop pushing products out the door that will fail for the first 3 years or more until fixed or finished
Pros: This is specific to RMS - the Roche Pleasanton location.

None

Cons: Peoples lives were turned upside down when Genentech was purchased.  Everyone in Nutley was fired and campus closed.  The company that they bought got all the best jobs and high pay.  Didn't make sense to anyone.
Advice: Nothing to say.  It happens more and more in big pharma.  People just out for themselves. Loyalty and honor no longer exist. It's all about money.
Pros: Ability to gain diverse experience.  Pushed to learn and grow.  School was highly recommended for everyone and conveniently brought on campus.  Many clubs, activities, celebrations, fun for all.

Cons: The company is very process oriented. This is really a necessity for FDA regulated companies. 
Not a Startup Culture.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Company's mission, improving diagnostic for cancer patients, really motivates you to work harder. The leadership team has continued with the founder's passion successfully.
Competetive Salary (Even in Silicon Valley). Excellent Benefits (401k and Medical Insurance). But if earning money is your only goal you would do better to look else where.
Challenging Work. Although this is Ventana Medical, This is really a division of Roche Diagnostics, which is a behemoth of a company.

Cons: Very low earning compared to other device/capital companies, continuous changes to comp structure, leadership turnover, realignments of territories and also jobs happen yearly, dis-trust of leadership breeds very low morale among employees
Advice: get out into the filed and listen to the employees, their customers, etc. rather than hiring an outside company to reallign and resturcture. Leaders need to communicate more, establish trust, gather feedback on managers from subordinates
Pros: Best products compared to competition, patient focused, invests heavily in R&D to bring the absolute best products to market for the safest and best possible care in cancer

Cons: Constant pressure to put out more,...  Everything revolves around the punch in clock, have to be exactly clocked in when you start and exactly clocked out when your shift ends.
Advice: Make the company purpose the priority...
Pros: The pay, benefits, and the strong friendships. Training and coaching is of top quality.   Coworkers are great!! Yes your on the clock but still have a great time while your at it.

Cons: No 401(k) matching, stingy stock plan. Management asks or expects too much; overtime and/or extra shifts are assumed and extra work is given without consideration for work/life balance. Management is out of touch with front line employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work atmosphere. Encouraging environment, plenty of learning opportunities, participation in the process is encouraged. Medical / Dental / Vision plans are good.

Cons: C-level executives unable to focus on long term scientific commitments; continuous, ever increasing profit is more important.  Headquarters (Basel) will sell you out to achieve profit goal.
Advice: Selling out the Nutley facility and its personnel to placate Genentech was an affront to the dedication demonstrated by the Nutley personnel over the last decade.
Pros: When science and quality are not impeded by business processes, the daily work environment is challenging and exciting.  Operations in the US are transparent, not so in Basel.

Cons: There are scheduling challenges when co-ordinating the San Francisco (3 hours west) and Basel (6 hours east) campuses
Advice: Achieving cultural integration across the global sites is challenging.  The overall organization can benefit by attending to these matters
Pros: Friendly and welcoming culture.  Extensive investment in training of its employees.  Good processes in place to facilitate workflow.  Emphasis is on quality and not just speed.  Projects are appropriately resourced

Cons: Because of the innovative products, sometimes sales reps don't earn the same level of commissions as other companies. Salaries are good but for top performing reps the earnings are lack luster.
Advice: Compensation per deal has declined every year for 6 years running. Your high performing reps will go elsewhere.
Pros: Roche will be around forever.  No one will ever buy them because they are just too big!

Cons: High call volume, upset customers, need to make excuses to customers on every call for hold time, repetitive, layoffs created stressfull work environment.
Advice: Think of how laying off more than half the department may affect patient welfare and workload of employees.
Pros: Supervisors/coworkers competent and friendly. Training program is excellent. Pay is fairly good for call center work. High level of satisfaction helping people in need. Cross-training opportunities

Cons: Many policies and directives come from the headquarters in Basel, Switzerland and don't always seem relevant to offices in California. The bureaucracy and length of time it takes for changes to take effect can be frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: The scientists who work at Roche are very passionate about the work they do and it's nice to be in that environment. Salary and benefits are good.

Cons: In many ways One Roche is difficult to obtain with the various business divisions, many of whom do the same job, just a different department.
Advice: To ask middle management to practice cultural beliefs, not just speak of them.
Pros: Great benefits, excellent pay, work-life balance.  Many opportunities to involve employees in the community and charity work.

Cons: Limited career growth opportunities, bureaucratic, too risk averse
Advice: Provide more career opportunities
Pros: Roche has excellent benefits, makes a profit consistently and has a  great work life balance.  The fitness center is an excellent perk where you can work out on site.  An onsite wellness center is very convenient and saves me a lot of time.

Cons: Senior leaders are too far removed from the operations and day to day activities, especially within the IT organization.  There's not enough walking the walk when it comes to people development.
Advice: When stating that the employees are the greatest asset, show it, don't just say it!
Pros: Office location, majority of people at the company have a true desire to engage and make work more than just a job.

Cons: The major con was the constant change once merged with Genentech. Once that happened there were a lot of changes structurally and otherwise.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a supportive, professional, laid back, familial environment. They offered opportunities for growth, great benefits and perks with generous bonuses and fair raises. Management was open to new ideas and process improvements.

Cons: Upper Mgt seems misguided on how to impact the marketplace. Recent separation of Mrktg/Sales from the main Ventana going to Roche corporate have created gaps and uncertainty.
Advice: Keep the focus on the PASSION, but rely on your employees more to provide insight.
Pros: Really great people there. They care a lot about you. Passionate about what they do, and that they are working to help cancer patients worldwide.

Cons: Difficult to move around if not networking yourself, you must be willing to put in the hard work. You need to get to know people across the company to move easily to new positions.
Advice: None
Pros: worklife balance is great, and the benefits are tremendous. The business is very rewarding and tremendous opportunity for growth.

Cons: Need handle multiple projects in the same time, so it will be a little stressful sometimes. The responsibility is overlap between some department, so it may lead some confusing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. Colleagues are really nice and friendly. People can learn a lot of things regarding to Clinical trial. There are plenty of training for new employee, which are really helpful.

Cons: The environment can be challenging and sometimes stressful, however, overall it is a very good place to work.
Advice: Continue the mission.
Pros: The employees at Ventana Medical are very dedicated to "Improving the lives of people afflicated with cancer".  The company has great values, and continually emphasizes them.  Colleagues are friendly and hard working.

Cons: Site shut down and many lost their jobs
Advice: improve company policy to ensure contract employees don't feel less than the full timers.  Allow and encourage more professional development opportunities to all employees.
Pros: Great people, excellent, salaries, benefits and many perks, very good support and training.  This company really knows how to take care of its employees.

Cons: Training can be a bit much since there are constant changes happening daily. We aren't fully merged with our sister company GENE as expected
Advice: Consider taking employees through constant training and no to assume that they will learn via email
Pros: The benefits, the company values, core beliefs and they promote heavily from within

Cons: Sales mangers are poor. No leadership. They have this women in leadership initiative where they place women in management with no experience and no accountability.  Your story is more important than the results you produced. Example one women was promoted to a 150k paying director position and she didn't sell one thing all year. Clearly a discriminating program but if your a 
women go for it.  MEN BEWARE
Advice: Results matter more than the story.  Have real leaders. Stop talking and start leading.
Pros: Good benefits,salary and paid time off

Cons: Still experiencing some growing pains, company values / culture can come off as insincere, promotions can be challenging given its highly competitive environment
Advice: Hire and develop people managers.  HR is very good at recruiting outside of company but not within.
Pros: Nice benefits, good corporate mission, collegiate environment, fast paced.

Cons: The job responsibilities were boring and not challenging, the employee education assistance programs were limited, and much of management was incompetent at managing people, projects.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is well funded/resourced and very stable (unlikely to get layed-off or fired), and the benefits were pretty good.

Cons: The company supports good work life balance, allowing family time etc. - better visibility on career path would make this place more interesting.
Advice: It would be nice to have more opportunity for career growth
Pros: The company has a very nice work culture. The people are friendly, management is supportive and the benefits are very good

Cons: High turnover rate and slow to fill positions. Promotions are little and few.
Advice: None
Pros: Cultural values that promote being above the line and thinking customer. A data driven company that excels at what it does and part of big mother Roche. Excellent benefits and competitive compensation.

Cons: Absolutely no concern for the health and wellbeing of field employees.  Overutilization gone wild.  Management completely out of touch.  Working for Roches service is harder on your health than smoking!
Advice: Clean house!
Pros: It pays well, but its not worth it.

Cons: pace of work could be demanding, performance and effort not always measured against background circumstances. Were many uncertain times.
Advice: None
Pros: many caring people with a great chance to travel and many potential opportunities for advancement, would recommend to get in if you have the chance

Cons: High stressful work environment. Lots of politics. Almost like high school at times where there an in-crowds, want to be's, and the out cast
Advice: A clean up is much needed
Pros: Stable company, excellent benefits. Exposure to global organizational operation.

Cons: short term vision. cannot stick to a strategy for more than 2 years
Advice: senior management; have the courage of your convictions and do not flip flop every other year.
stop the double talk.
Pros: good benefits, decent salaries and bonuses

Cons: It's junior high school with money! There are several immature cliques and backstabbers. Management uses hearsay and rumor to evaluate employees. I wasted prime years of my career working at this place.
Advice: If you have a problem, talk *directly* to the employee! Don't make employees guess what you want!
Pros: Salary and benefits are very good, and competitive. The Roche quality system is the best in the industry. Good design processes.

Cons: Too much politics, the Fishers office is full of nepotism, politics and liars. Lots of managers are not qualified and got there only because they are connected. 

Roche workers are mainly Fishers people .. So racism, sexism and politics run high.
Advice: Stop trying to claim you are good while you suck. Have some self check and don't hype your competences.
Pros: Great benefits,Good pay, nice gym, Good cafeteria. Clean offices and restrooms

Cons: Passive aggressive nature of those in the Genentech clashes with the more transparent way that Roche (both in the US and Globally) typically conduct themselves.
Advice: None
Pros: An open culture where employees are generally treated with dignity and respect.

Cons: I have no cons, I wish I was still working there.  I was let go due to site closure and being laid off
Advice: Come back to New Jersey
Pros: Great scientific research and development environment, industry leading benefits, employee development was excellent

Cons: Management in production stinks. Managers moved from pilot to manufacturing don't have a clue.
Advice: None
Pros: Above average pay for area and good benefits. There are some great people to work with below the management level.

Cons: Lack of innovation, me too mentality, reactive rather than proactive.
Advice: Make decisions after getting input from scientists and people at the bench.
Pros: Excellent coworkers and immediate managers.  One of the pioneers in Next gen sequencing.

Cons: Conservative
Needs to be more diverse, lacking people of color in leadership positions
Advice: None
Pros: The value proposition - impacting patient lives
Senior Leadership driving to eliminate silos and work as "One Roche"

Cons: Company downsized.  Miss the people.
Advice: None
Pros: Great group of people; like a family.  We had a great team.  Ability to expand knowledge.  Each day was always different.  Good family/work balance.

Cons: there can be a learning curve for someone who is new to the organization
Advice: no
Pros: large corporate envirment with a lot of opportunities

Cons: Becoming more paralyzed by bureaucracy and multiple levels of management - just part of being contained within a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities for advancement, good culture, reasonable work/life balance

Cons: Work life balance became difficult with the numbers needed.
Advice: empower your employees.
Pros: The people make you enjoy your day to day.  Training is great and people seem to be valued

Cons: Site is now closed, higher echelon of management did not seem to have a clue
Advice: Wished the site was still open
Pros: Great people and great benefits

Cons: Be ready when you will be asked to go out from your comfort zone
Advice: None
Pros: Good company who prepares well its future through investment and long term vision

Cons: Roch has the atmosphere of a big cooperation, slow decision, a lot hirachy ...
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, 15 days of holiday, great career possibilities

Cons: Promotions are very competitive and difficult to achieve
Advice: none
Pros: Strongly believe in cultural beliefs. Believe and encourage work life balance. Emphasis on health

Cons: Management seemed unstable and eliminated processes that were needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Growth potential, travel, good work environment.

Cons: Not a lot of growth opportunities.  Downsizing going on
Advice: More training, cross training & sharing of knowledge
Pros: Benefit, compensation, & company culture

Cons: It is a very toxic environment in some areas.  People are hateful and spiteful and would rather secure their power than welcome new people and new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Roche offers very good benefits.  They are generous with time off and the cost of living in Indianapolis is very reasonable.

Cons: Management need to communicate more efficiently.
Advice: Discuss more about leadership, and personal growth.
Pros: Intelligent, hard working employees that know the technology of the business.

Cons: There are some challenges right now in healthcare due to the Affordable Care Act
Advice: None
Pros: Has a lot of great products and excellent management team

Cons: Lousy managers and management. No pension and benefits have deteriorated
Advice: Promote based on real performance, not on personal opinion.
Pros: Great products, great workers, nice Midwest city.

Cons: In my position I was not developing a marketable skill set.
Advice: middle mangers seemed to be to overloaded
Pros: Good pay,  most people were good to work with.

Cons: Unbalance work/personal life, more than enough work load,
Advice: None
Pros: Employee satisfaction, feeling of being the member of Roche family, good reward of efforts.

Cons: "Big Roche" policies. Little room for experimentation.
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers. Innovation. Many personal growth opportunities offered. Many resources for career development.

Cons: Too many cliques with management, No room for growth
Advice: Allow more room for growth and be fair to everyone
Pros: Friendly employees, flexible hours, up to date

Cons: some restructuring has happened in order to keep them running in forefront of the marketplace
Advice: keep culture alive
Pros: culture to them is real

Cons: Saw a lot of changes over the years.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits were good during my time there.

Cons: Difficult to enter FT status. Separation of FTE from Contractors
Advice: None
Pros: culture, opportunities for growth, management

Cons: The pace can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: work/life balance is good. Culture is friendly and benefits are some of the best available.

Cons: management was old school and slow promotion system
Advice: great work-life balance
Pros: work life balance, culture and benefits

Cons: If don't have car then its pain to travel
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment , Flexible working hours.

Cons: I don't have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great work experience, learned a lot, demanding position, great personal growth, great compensation

Cons: None that I can think of. Best place I've ever worked at.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Salaries, career advancements, atmosphere

Cons: Always living out of an  hotel
Advice: None
Pros: A Very good pay rate.

Cons: Poor work/life balance. 24/7 on call
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and Benefits. Helpful colleagues and management.

Cons: The company has Bad management.
Advice: None.
Pros: The company has good pay and benifits

Cons: Flexibility with hours, not family friendly
Advice: None
Pros: Facility, benefits (after acquiring genetech)

Cons: nice job and with many opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: low salary and the work is tired

Cons: Hard to get in if you don't know any body
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with

Cons: Nothing they treat you great!
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of room for growth

Cons: Senior management is terrible- employee reviews are terrible and highlight significant issues. Most employees are afraid to speak up out of fear. Zero work life balance.
Advice: Move on and let qualified people take your place.
Pros: Located in San Francisco Bay Area

Cons: Any Cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Personal growth, corporate culture, sector

Cons: Work/life balance can be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities, solid company, etc.

Cons: to much mirco management here
Advice: None
Pros: those that work are wonderful

Cons: no recognition same same same
Advice: give it back
Pros: smart people same same same

Cons: Nutley site was closed in 2013.
Advice: None
Pros: It was good when lasted

Cons: It's impossible to do anything fast!  If you want to implement something you have to jump through a lot of hoops to get it done.  This is especially the case with IT....the documentation in IT is a killer and when you're not an IT person it can be very frustrating.
Advice: I think in order for our organisation to be more agile we need to take a leaner approach to projects and the documentation required in order to ensure a speedy implementation.  The other thing I would say is that Roche spends a lot of money each year on contractors.  These contractors have been with Roche for a long time and I think it would be more economical for the company and a much better experience for those employees if they were made permanent.
Pros: I work within a great team and i am fortunate to have a very supportive Manager who encourages me, pushes me outside my comfort level and who wants to develop me and see me succeed.  I have been fortunate that in over 10 years with the company I have always had great managers and for that reason I have developed into various roles in my time here (in various countries).  I love my job and love the people I work with.

Cons: The learning and development where I was based is dismal. From day one there was no training and basically it was you are on your own you work it out. Being told by your manager that you have had many sick days this year with only having 3 days off got me gob smacked especially when you do out of work hours and don't get paid any extra nor time in lieu. That was the final straw the sick days comment.  Expected to be a graphic designer all though this was never in your job description, you ask for training in design packages but no that would cost money so you have no choice but to go home and you tube tutorials and they expect you to be an expert! Design packages aren't like learning a program like ms word there are alit of elements you need to learn.No career advancement opportunities being there for 9 years. I am so glad to have handed in my resignation and see the back of that place. I had one year before I hit my 10 years long service but for the sake of my sanity it wasn't worth sticking it out!
Advice: Listen to the little people
Pros: People, parking, free bananas, that's it!

Cons: Social Management committees explicitly and vehemently excluded LGBT elements even as simple as rainbow flags from the corporate sponsored Diversity Day (a day which in all corporations is designed to recognize and celebrate all minorities).
While Insulting LGBT personnel is considered rude as a rule, mockery of heterosexual personnel as being gay is acceptable, vocal, and not uncommon, even in the presence of LGBT personnel. 
It is not uncommon for personnel to express personal disgust at the idea of homosexuality & transgendered individuals are mocked in a manner utterly devoid of sympathy or compassion.
Advice: Please educate the Mississauga culture to live in time with the greater Roche culture. As it stands, wfh is my strategy to dealing with these problems.
Pros: The office space is generous. Telepresence technology is top of the line. There is plenty of room for growth and an esprit in the company which promises growth.

Cons: Particularly in the global functions, the work-life balance is bad since the integration with Genentech as we now have many evening TCs, which means that weekday evenings are usually spent on the phone talking to people in San Francisco.  Whilst I like my colleagues in San Francisco, I would rather spend the evenings with my family....
Career opportunities for Europeans, in my area, are non-existent.
Advice: Scrap personal bonuses.  The amount of management time & destructive internal competition that they cause are just not worth it.  I have seen weeks wasted making up statistics to justify individual's bonuses and projects kept going long after they should have been killed, because they are in people's targets.
Although we are still have family ownership of the company, we have recruited many managers recently from the outside, that still have short-term based thinking, this is eroding the more visionary aspects of the Roche culture & replacing it with much "busy work".
Pros: The salaries & benefits are good. Office accommodation is generally good and the tools that we have to do our work well. Espoused corporate values are good.

Cons: Career planning is up to how well you are at managing yourself in a decentralised matrix organisation. Can be a great opportunity, but don't wait for someone to offer you something just because you've been around for some time. Implementation is bottom-up, allowing a lot of room for new ideas, but making strategic decision-making long and cumbersome.
Advice: Should be more visible in the organisation. Roche is very decentralised, which is good. But low visibility can look like lack of strategy.
Pros: Smart and collaborative colleagues across different functions, pretty much everyone I've met wants to do "the right thing", when it comes to serving patients, good work-life balance and fair compensation. The company is very international, but still has a bit of a "family feel" to it. Managers are actually concerned with respecting people's time off. The company has a great legacy and remains at the forefront of medical research, great basic commitment to innovation and people.

Cons: The lower posts in the company are constantly kept in the dark and expected to just do as they are told to. The company ALWAYS comes first, the benefits are seeked to be the lowest possible, both in terms of saving on later tax paying, and the local payments avg. taken into consideration.

When it comes to SOPs, everything is defined by them, but the leadership doesn't seem in a must position to follow them as the lower levels in the hieararchy are. In smaller countries, the career opportunities are really a fairytale and only the quietest employes are kept on board.
Advice: Start trying to keep prospective and visionary oriented employees on all levels, and do it promptly. That's the only thing that can save you from biosimilars.
Pros: Cutting edge products, a great place to start your career in and understand the whole process of innovating the pharma bussiness market nowadays. Office culture is outstanding.

Cons: Too brand focused over recent years rather than customer focused. especially cross portfolio in oncology.  Used to embrace a diverse range of styles, more than other companies but this is changing to a certain type now.  Lost a lot of talent in the restructure last year so is having to relearn some lessons.
Advice: Focus on the customer more.  Embrace different kinds of leadership and individuals.
Pros: Fantastic portfolio, innovative approach, great offices, talented people.  New structure is empowering more people and generating swifter decision making. Emphasis on leadership is strong with leadership commitments being clear and part of all leaders objectives.

Cons: As in many other companies that are doing well - there is a certain resistance to change. Things seem 'perfect' on the outside but when you look closer you see that there are some things that need to improve.
Advice: Consider how we may improve information channels and stakeholder management between marketing, medical and market access.
Pros: People that work at Roche are proud to say that they work for the company. There is a sense of a family feeling here as employees seem to truly care about each other and the positive impact we have on the society.

Cons: It can be a bit intimidating at an entry-level position. There is a lot of work to do and a very steep learning curve.
Advice: Provide more guidance and mentorship to younger employees in terms to where to go to ask questions.
Pros: The work environment is very comfortable, from the spacious cubicles filled with plants and artwork on request, to the snacks and coffee, and the many breaks you can take yourself or as a team. Everyone communicates well and is very respectful, regardless of your level and seniority.

Cons: No appreciation at all for your contribution and too much political game playing instead of focusing on working efficiently on tasks ahead and within projects.
Advice: Contractors often make the difference in your projects - don't make their work more difficult - trust them and longstanding employees should be more collaborative than territorial.
Pros: Lots of projects for contract that are interesting and challenging with a highly diversed workforce. Most of the colleagues are really great. If you do your networking well - you might get hired for the next project.

Cons: -Work-life balance
-Senior Management
-Heavy Blame Culture
-Speak up culture is encouraged by the global team but the REALITY speaks a different approach 
-No visible or active HR which interacts with employees or values confidentiality (local) 
"we've had several case in which our local HR partner/Director broke the confidentiality between her and employees" 
-can not rely on HR for career advise
-Slow decision making
Advice: - Stop hiring Managers and Directors - It's time for Leaders instead
Pros: - Compensation
- Benefits
- Leave Benefits
- Values
- Reputation

Cons: Frequent changes in management.  Must have high adaptability.  Though have clear company values, it can be challenging, not to say difficult, to seriously demonstrate them when you continuously have to start anew with new managers.  Little opportunity for growth.  Too much bureaucracy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues always willing to help and cooperate.  Hard working and motivated people.  Good and friendly working environment.   Well remunerated.  Good advantage & benefit program.

Cons: Some challenges around decentralization versus centralization but I don't think more than in comparable global companies.
Advice: Use IT as an integrator, don't let every business do want they want.
Pros: Roche is a high-performing and successful yet caring company. It looks after its employees well and, due to the founding family owning the majority of the controlling shares, it has a stable strategy which is not dictated by the next quarter's results. Roche is a community of highly talented and passionate professionals and I feel proud to work here.

Cons: Frequently working with colleagues around the world which is both exciting and interesting, but challenging from a logistical perspective. Many late night or early morning calls with colleagues at other HQ locations.
Advice: Internal transparency and communication are key. I feel Roche does this quite well but in some areas could do better.
Pros: Speaking for the Basel location. Great benefits, flexible work hours, a family-like environment. Very strongly positioned company that will remain a market leader well into the future.

Cons: Roche singapore is located in Tuas and is far away from residential and commercial area. Hence there's little access to town areas. There are also a few temporary building in the singapore site.
Advice: Roche singapore should Continue to have an open culture where communication is encouraged. This is help to retain staff and continue a great place to work culture.
Pros: Roche singapore culture at the workplace is very open and communication is encouraged. The medical benefits are fantastic and roche focused on learning and development.

Cons: High complexity due to the size of the organization and its global set-up. High tolerance for complex processes and not enough drive for simplicity.
Advice: None
Pros: I like working for Roche as the company has a strong sense of purpose and values integrity.
There's also a strong focus on people and their development. As an employee you get a lot of freedom and support as needed.

Cons: Awkward integration with genentech, adding to already bureaucratic structure & way of working - this makes a short 6 month internship difficult and visibility of a more strategic goal is confusing, many mixed messaged come through and this poses a challenge for realising results.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, usually a positive environment - good support and a great team, encouraging participation and giving autonomy and responsibility: I felt I made contributions which were worthwhile and useful & this was appreciated

Cons: Opaque decision making process and many layers of process for even the simplest. Lots of silo mentality and not much entrepreneurial thinking. Open plan throughout and many rules and procedures for everything. Tracking of time spent on projects and work-life balance a low consideration.
Advice: Clear out a lot of the middle management holding the organisation back.
Pros: Lots of opportunities, good facilities, lots of people and access to expertise.

Cons: Quite a number of senior HR Leaders are ineffective, and anything but inclusive, some very aggressive female leaders from UK & US dominating their field
Advice: Don't take gender diversity to the extreme, balance means no more or less than 60-40 in Leadership Teams.
Pros: Pay & Benefits, 90 nationalities working in Basel at Global HQ, most co-workers are friendly

Cons: Huge company spread around the world, collaboration sometimes can be difficult
Advice: Flatten the organization and centralize the learning/training efforts, as they are spread now the efficacy is severely reduced
Pros: Collaborative culture. Great Benefits and attention to the employee as a person. Integrity in the business. Great care that everyone is informed at all time on what's going on (even with some slip-ups)

Cons: If you have your own thoughts, you would feel difficult to work there
Advice: The management is not always right. Sometimes you need to listen to your team member and they may have some great idea to improve the efficiency and workload in their daily work.
Pros: Stable. It seems your work there is quite secured.

Cons: project management not experienced in big projects, developers have to do extra work to cover bad planning and suffer stress. Not fun work as tech is not latest nor there is room for too much refactoring (read risks).
Advice: Improve planning and awareness of all aspects of software development and
Pros: Great projects, supporting global healthcare, fair pay and benefits

Cons: The drive to "do more with less" is creating burn-out in the workforce.
Advice: Recognize employees as valued contributors to the company's success...not as a slogan, but for real.
Pros: Cutting-edge leadership in R&D and medicines.  Working with outstanding professionals and truly helping people. Gave me the opportunity to grow and develop.

Cons: Objectives that are virtually impossible to attain. Incentives usually fail because of poor structure rather than rewards.
Advice: None
Pros: Greak company with fast growth. Professional colleagues, all the staff feel comfortable and unified in striving for a common goal as a team. Roche treats contractors with a great deal of respect, encouraging them to be a part of the Roche team and new cultural beliefs.

Cons: You have to manage everything yourself, always be opened and ask out. there are a lot of opportunities in the company, you need to find out yourself.
Advice: None
Pros: very friendly and opened work environment. very flexible, you can manage your work and life quite well. interactions with the team was quite good, quite comfortable and joyful.

Cons: Usually change in technical and sourcing.
Advice: Need improving the way of payment
Pros: It's a good company, with peaceful and stable. The regime of company is getting better now. Porfolio of products are good so the company is developing. The increase of salary and bonus are good but still at the average level.

Cons: Very big company so sometimes you have to go to several people to get essential things done.
Advice: Keep going like that.
Pros: Fair salary and nice people to work with. Tasks are interesting and managers listen to you.

Cons: Difficulties in promotion and more bureaucracy.
Advice: I can suggest that they can manage talent pool well. Currently, they only take into account manager's comments for employer. Also HR funcs can be awar of worker's skills and ability.
Pros: Multi cultural and employer friendly place.

Cons: - low pay raise( max. 10% percent if you have good score at the end of the year) 
- dependecy on business partners
Advice: None
Pros: - great development possibilities 
- international projects
- flexibiity 
- good salary ( in terms of Polish market)

Cons: Haven't found any as of yet!!
Advice: Certain departments and managers are more flexible with work-life balance - needs to be a bit more equal throughout
Pros: Great office, nice working environment, friendly people, engaging workload and good career oppurtunities!

Cons: No real career opportunities. People are staying too long at the same position
Advice: None
Pros: Company Culture, Values and people management is very good.

Cons: Salary is lower than average on labor market. The yearly bonus depends of your relationships with managers.
No career opportunities.
The job is monotone and boring.
Meetings and trainings are often only in Hungarian, even if there are foreigners who doesn't speak Hungarian very well.
Advice: None
Pros: Good location, nice office. 
The company often employs fresh-graduates, so it can be your first multinational experience.

Cons: Can be stressful at times with workload.
Advice: None
Pros: Really nice building, flexible place to work, a lot goes into work/life balance although it's not always possible, good career development opportunities.

Cons: Communication was mainly in German , thats the only difficulty i faced , otherwise its the best company to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: It was really good to work with Roche

Cons: Roche Algeria is chaotic and disorganized company
Advice: Please change the whole top management.
Pros: I decided to work for a pharma company to help and contribute for patients therapy and medicines.

Cons: Low support for further education except in-house training
Advice: Replicate the good reputation of Genentech in all your affiliates and offices
Pros: Career progression, rewards performance, supports innovation

Cons: work life balance not as good
Advice: worklife balance
Pros: Increasing growth, overall package very good, some great people to work and learn from

Cons: Salary and bands, beaurocracy, decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: Many sports benefits, nice office, nice equipment

Cons: Too much politics no more
Advice: None
Pros: Great innovative culture
Good benefits
Mission to help patients
Great carrier opportunities
Great campus
Nice environment
Access to new technologies
Work life balance

Cons: Salary lower than most pharmaceutical company
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for growth. Management will really support your liking to a path for growth.

Cons: Salary is not in the top rank, compared to Pharma competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Great internal career opportunity cross country. 
Great life-work balance
great benefits

Cons: difficult balance between work and family life
Advice: None
Pros: Career opportunities and culture of high values

Cons: too many processes and documents
Advice: Streamline the processes
Pros: Great place to work...work from home, fantastic colleagues, management support is good

Cons: Its a great place to be. No complains at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Better than market rate and lot of value for ppl!

Cons: mediocre hiring process, long running projects
Advice: None
Pros: good salary, flexible schedule, perks

Cons: Career opps limited.  Can be quite corporate.
Advice: More future focus and innovation.
Pros: Colleagues. Ethics.  Interesting work

Cons: Poor Senior Management, no leadership and micro-managers
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits, work life balance
