Cons: Too much bureaucracy, needlessly complex business processes and excessive risk aversion hurt both the company and employees.  Frequent changes in organizational strategies in some divisions, which usually lead to layoffs.  Some areas can be highly political.  Despite all the resources the company puts into career development, moving into a new position is difficult, especially if outside one's own department.  Hiring managers often have unrealistic expectations about the level of specific experience required to perform a job.  Some jobs, particularly in IT, have surprisingly low salary ranges.
Advice: Continue to value employees and seek diversity and inclusion.  Work to simplify business processes and take reasonable risks to keep company agile and foster innovation.  Empower employees with decision-making power at the lowest possible hierarchy level.  Review salary ranges and barriers to career movement; emphasize the value of transferable skills and experience.
Pros: Company is highly respected and a good corporate citizen.  Comprehensive benefits package is top of the line, particularly the medical benefits.  Opportunity to work with very bright and highly motivated colleagues.  Good work-life balance, if you are fortunate enough to land on the right team, with the right manager.  Despite a rather conservative company culture, Roche is taking steps in the right direction toward diversity and inclusiveness.  Employees are treated respectfully, and provided with special events and other perks to maintain team/department cohesiveness and morale.  The campus and buildings are beautiful.

Cons: These are not really cons but a by-product of the pros that management should keep an eye on so it doesn't get out of hand.  Highly intelligent and passionate people in an excellently paid environment will lead to a very competitive work environment.  Some members are not looking out for the whole but their next promotion.  The fierce competition can diminish genuine and authentic connection cross functionally.
Advice: Internal competition is a double edge sword.  Not enough competition and complacency may set in.  Too much internal competition and the environment switches from fun and exciting to fear and secrecy.  Continue to promote authenticity, transparency, trust, cross business/function communication and fun place to work.  I believe the latter leads to higher innovation capacity than the fierce internal competition that sometimes exist.  Human leadership should be just as important as business leadership so recognize both and reward both forms of leadership.  God speed on all your endeavors to help humanity.
Pros: The people are very intelligent and passionate about science.  The pay and benefits are excellent.  Excellent employee development opportunity are always present if you are willing to make the effort.  The business is very profitable and stable.  Executive management cares about their people.  Most of them speak with empathy and genuine support for their people.

Cons: As in any big company, governance is complex, and it takes long time to make decisions. But drug development is tough, expensive, and decisions must be very careful made. Work/life balance is great and culture is strong.
Advice: Communicate more often successes and failures. It feels like we only hear about good things, but you need to be more critical with your own work.  Overall, you are doing a fantastic job.
Pros: Roche is an awesome company to work for.  I have worked here, in the Nutley and New York sites, for 6 years (2012-present), and I have had a great experience so far. Roche went through a very hard reorganization process, when management closed Nutley, and yet their treatment of employees was appropriate. I stayed in the smaller site, changing jobs within departments. We perform great research, with fabulous resources, and fantastic team members. We interact with Diagnostics, Genentech, European sites and Chugai. It is a very rewarding experience and I recommend it to anybody. Kudos!

Cons: Poor culture.  Unrealistic goals.  Lack of transparency.  Poor strategic direction.  Senior leadership disconnected from reality.  Poor market access.  Lack of necessary tools to win.  Lack of vision towards the future.  Too many cooks in the kitchen.  Advancement opportunities are posted but are already flagged for someone who has the "connections" to those already in power.  Rewards are not based on results but rather on knowing the right people.
Advice: Take more time to really understand what your employees are going through in their markets.  Spend less time worrying about protecting your own jobs and more time valuing the people driving business at the lowest level. When people feel appreciated and valued, they perform even better.  Make changes from the top when strategies don't work out instead of shifting that blame to those at the lowest level.
Pros: Decent money.  Good Benefits.  Flexible Schedule.  Rewarding work.

Cons: There are many talented managers at the company. However, promotions tend to be made based political connections with senior managers, resulting in some incompetents being promoted up to higher management positions.  Some at director level are down right stupid and have no idea of what they are doing.  Some backstabbing helps with promotions as well. The organization is definitely not a meritocracy, with the CEO as the best example.
Advice: Make promotions based on ability to manage projects and people, and not how they are perceived bye their bosses.
Pros: Many talented scientists and hard workers assembled into one organization.  Really nice to have.  Numerous opportunities to move to different groups to gain experience in molecular diagnostics.  Most projects are well funded.  If you are in the right group with a good manager morale is generally high.  Compensation and benefits very good.

Cons: Work life balance may be a struggle at times when in a field based position only because of the nature of the work.  When you clock in clock out at an office somewhere its easier to leave everything behind as you walk out the door.
Advice: Keep up the excellent work.  Employees who feel valued will work that much harder.
Pros: Review pertains to Diagnostics division.
One of the first things I noticed as I began meeting more and more fellow Roche employees was how happy and committed to the company everyone was.  And now I know why.  Fantastic co-workers, great manager, senior leadership are inspiring and really interested in every employee and fostering a great work atmosphere.  Excellent benefits.  I really can't complain about anything at all.  I feel very taken care of and valued here.

Cons: - TERRIBLE management, especially in business leaders
- While there are smart people in the software org in Belmont, everywhere else has pretty terrible talent in terms of tech
- Terrible innovation, lots of no, everyone is afraid to change anything
- Outdated technology and systems
- Cheap with employees
- Not very smart people in business, which is why diagnostics is treated 2nd class to pharma
- Recruiting outside Belmont is awful
- SO much bureaucracy it's absolutely frustrating
- Tons of promotions, no development; they happily keep low performing employees
- If you disagree with the status quo you're outcasted, berated, told you aren't "One Roche" just because you have a different opinion
- Terrible, I mean terrible, culture
- HR is absolutely clueless in terms of people development, career growth... especially HR leadership
Advice: Get people who actually know what they're doing in SOFTWARE to be the higher ups! The market is going to eat you alive because you operate like it's 1980.
Pros: - Good work/life balance
- It's impossible to get fired if you're a full-time employee
- Great scientists

Cons: This company was the worst I've ever worked for in my 20 plus year career.  I've done work for most of the companies on the east coast and have never seen anything like this circus.  Directors and Managers that are totally incompetent and using their "power" to take advantage of their direct reports.  I've seen very many inappropriate relationships while at Roche. HR particularly in Branchburg has and will be hit with numerous lawsuits for wrongful termination as well as covering up and fabricating facts. Could be a great company, but never will be.
Advice: The Swiss need to clean house.  From the top down, this company needs an overhaul.
Pros: Reasonable Salary and benefits provided.

Cons: Investing heavily in bringing very young millennials on while making significantly less investment in current employee career development opportunities. Strong investment in rotation programs for recent college grads while not investing in current employees. Several employee career development on campus events and high potential programs in Indy were canceled or had funding slashed in 2016 while new investments were made in bringing recent college grads on. Also, significantly less focus and resources are dedicated to providing tools to current employees to develop and advance.
Advice: Invest in your employees
Pros: Great benefits
New Indianapolis facilities
Focus on improving lives of patients
Cafeteria and other on campus amenities
Managers listen and care in many groups

Cons: Roche/Genentech is a very large organization and that can be challenging for individuals.  There is the potential to have to work global hours with colleagues.  The market place is maturing with increasing competition and pressures.
Advice: Roche/Genentech can continue to follow the science and bring focus to patients.  Find opportunities to create innovative and creative environments with smaller collocated teams.
Pros: Roche/Genentech has a strong mission.  Employees have many global opportunities with lots of ways to develop and grow.  There is a good focus on people.  The pipeline of products is strong.  There is an environment of play hard and work hard.

Cons: Advancement impossible unless you’re  a pet, previous success gets you hired but then  doesn’t count, too focused on short-term financials, company built and operated around most expensive/longest sale-cycle product line and expects everyone else—who would be with the “right products” if they were any good—to prop it up, WAY too much shuffling of deck chairs because too many middle managers who don’t know what they’re doing
Advice: Stop promoting inexperienced suck-ups over people who actually know what they’re doing.  “Customer-focus” means focus-on-your-customer, not extract-every-penny-of-profit-from-them
Pros: Awesome benefits, good salary, very smart people

Cons: Pleasanton campus has a long way to go when it comes to innovation.  The culture is ultra conservative and archaic management styles.  They don't know how to move past their own egos for the success of the company.  The management needs to learn to be inclusive and respect all levels of employees.  They don't lead by example and HR is doing their best to make changes to the culture, however, they are very slow in doing so.
Advice: Really listen to your employees and support them and guide them where they need to be.  Be transparent about your initiatives and give valuable feedback with a goal to attain.
Pros: Benefits and helping patients achieve healthcare goals

Cons: Location is in Branchburg, NJ so you need a car.  Train station is close by but too far to walk from.
Advice: Focus more on development of your employees and recognizing your employees.
Pros: So long as you do your work and participate in ways to make things better, you will feel very valued.  There are nice perks like free coffee all day and the ability to work flexible hours so long as they are discussed with your manager.  There is a genuine feeling of everyone working towards the goal of us having great products with great quality.

Cons: Speaking of slow, everything moves slowly like how the grand canyon was made.  Parking is getting very challenging.  Benefits are worse than ever, co-pays are 10-20x than they use to be.  Even the talent during the spring concert this year was sub par.
Advice: It's ok for peers to help others.  You may let them take their blinders off.
Pros: Nice gym.   There are career opportunities available with great managers.  But you also need a good HR person.  Otherwise, it's like working with a dead white ancient pine tree.

Cons: The culture is competitive, fear-driven, & cutthroat.  The Indy HQ is essentially just a sales office for the global product teams.  Glorified used car dealers.  The global teams hold most of the critical actions and decisions.
Advice: Beware the cult of personality and the agenda of the attention-seeking.  Listen to your customers.  Hold marketing accountable and set their bonus on the sales dollars/targets for the year.
Pros: Most things from a corporate standpoint are done 'by the book'.  Roche doesn't cut corners.  The structure of the organization is solid, and most of the Sr Leadership

Cons: Leadership at the VP level did not align with the people doing the work. They come up with ideas that just don't work in the real world. A lot of layers and red tape. Hard to get anything done without going up multiple layers. Lacks innovation. A lot of clicks and playing favorites. Also a lot of arguing between leaders and then putting their people in the middle of the situation- very uncomfortable.
Advice: Get down to the layer of the people doing the work and ask their opinions and then listen.
Pros: Awesome benefits. Great cause- you know why you get up every day. Passion

Cons: A few very unkind, jealous and lazy people that need to be let go. I literally had a project sabotaged by one of them. It ruined the environment for me. Such a shame because it is an amazing company to work for.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great benefits, talented colleagues, motivating HR department, great management and execs and projects that you can feel proud about.

Cons: There's a lot of great people working here, so you have a lot of competition for jobs you want.  I don't think that's a con per say, but it is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: I am lucky enough to work with passionate, talented and fun people every day.  The work we do isn't always easy or stress-free by any means, but the people we work with, the meaningful work to be done and the way the company treats its' employees makes it worth it.

Cons: Roche integration has been tough and business goals implemented are almost unrealistic. This has led to retention issues within the company and a loss of a lot of great technical talent/expertise. Management needs to be more transparent.  Lack of communication between management and employees have resulted in many process issues.
Advice: Management needs to focus more on the growth of their employees. Do a better job at driving collaboration and communication to pursue a better cultural environment to work at.
Pros: Individual contributors or amazing to work alongside.  Everyone is extremely helpful if you're willing to collaborate.

Cons: Roche is a very large company, and it can take some time for this large ship to turn. For some roles, total compensation is below Market value while benefits are amongst the best in the industry.
Advice: Keep investing in your people and innovative healthcare solutions.
Pros: Roche attracts top talent and professionals passionate about Healthcare and doing now what patients need next. Work life balance, diversity and inclusion, and philanthropy are cornerstones of the company's culture and values. Roche offers fantastic benefits, and there are many opportunities to grow both professionally and personally.

Cons: Sometimes a bit of micro management. Also marketing pieces needed to be redone more frequently. New buildings but several realignments (lay offs in Roche lingo).
Advice: Find other positions within the company in other areas rather than let people go from one position and then hire from the outside. Better a known, loyal team member than an unknown.
Pros: Great benefits and paid time off. Monday through Friday work week. Good training for both product line and sales presentations.

Cons: Same people will be considered for any advancement opportunities. Too much focus on Millennials while ignoring people with health experience. Too much focus on people raised and born in Indiana instead of being open to diversity.
Advice: Keep the politics aside and promote people based on their merits. Be more diverse and allow people from outside of Roche to join in order to bring fresh air to the team.
Pros: Great products, very good benefits, international networking

Cons: Mafia-styled management culture.  Even you do not know anything, as long as you board-lined belong to the gang, you are better off.   Too many "professional" managers, not hands-on,  do not know much about sequencing technology.  All they do is to fight turf all day long. Age, gender discrimination are wide-spread, and encouraged.
Advice: Shake up management team. Bring fresh blood, expert  in technology, not in politics.   Improve company culture to be more progressive.
Pros: good benefit.  Working for a good cause. Roche has some outstanding (old) products.

Cons: They pay is low as compared to competition
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is the best company I have worked for.  You can feel that all the employees are involved in the work and have a passion for what they do. I have been a contractor and then a full time and both times I got the same respect and care from my managers. 
Holidays are generous.
Opportunity to work on various projects.

Cons: Management has a major disconnect with the reality of the frontline work and when there is time to take care of administrative issues.
Advice: Create an environment where the people can have the time to do the administrative work when not on customer sites.
Pros: Plenty of variety in locations and people. Satisfaction in getting the job done. Challenging but doable and I was able to use my personal knowledge.

Cons: Short term solutions to scientific issues are given more relevance over technically sound resolutions.  The quality of its products can improve on the long term by favoring science based proposals. Pay should be better.
Advice: Support science based approaches over rule of thumb solutions. Hire with a focus on scientific and communication skills.
Pros: Professionalism. People oriented environment. Great benefits. Important mission. Opportunity to work on different roles.  Environmentally responsible policies.

Cons: Highly complex and operates like several small businesses. The silos and islands do not talk to each other, old technology that's not fully connected and usually takes an act of congress to do anything innovative.
Advice: Be present and talk with your people every day.
Pros: The benefits and campus amenities are clearly the best perks. Most people are amazing to work with and do the best they can.

Cons: Too many products behind technology in the diabetes device world. 
No formulary coverage so impossible for your sales reps to win!
Advice: Great company and people but you need to be ahead of the game with technology.  You also need to be on contracts for your people to win and make money to stay motivated!
Pros: Great people and benefits!  Love you all!

Cons: to get an increase you have to quit and reapply. This is common knowledge people have overheard managers discussing this.
Advice: Pay people what they were worth…  A young person coming out of school with no experience should not get the same salary as someone who's been working in the position for 30 years or more.
Pros: Good medical benefits although they are changing at the end of next year

Cons: Working in health care environment is challenging with constant, seemingly random changes at times
Tight-knit departments can be torn apart by cold corporate decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with
Powerful vision and passion for the customer
Helping people with health care concerns is a huge motivation

Cons: Great development programs for millennials offering rotational programs every 2 years and focused development...but only if you are a millennial.  40 + experienced candidates. Not for you.
Advice: Don't forget about those that have been drinking the coolaid, are loyal, and still want to progress
Pros: Great development programs for millennials. Great work life balance. Great benefits.  Meaningful work.

Cons: No cons,  the bad apples have been removed and all is well! Roche treats their employees well, I would work for them again.
Advice: Keep up the good work and continue to recognize employee efforts.
Pros: Great benefits,  excellent production team and a real fun place to work! Since their acquisition by Roche the benefits got even better if you can believe that!

Cons: Sometimes it takes a long time to make a change as this is a large company.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Work with brilliant people. We are making a difference in people's lives. Great work environment.  Supportive co-workers.  Professional work environment.  Excellent company benefits.  Management cares about the employees and this is evident in their actions.

Cons: Consensus driven management style, often a late adopter to new technology.  Some business units have dated products, but you're expected to sale them.
Advice: Empower employees to feel secure in taking risk
Pros: By far the people who work at Roche make this a world class company.  The company makes investments into their employees.

Cons: Hard to get promoted.  Feels like its all about who you know instead of what you can achieve.  Very little succession planning
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly and helpful.  Great work life balance.  Company does many different community projects and allows employees to participate.   Campus has been updated internally and externally.  Starbucks in main cafeteria and a great work out facility.

Cons: Decision making is not transparent and decisions get revisited often. Too many governance bodies. Communication to teams is limited. Not much room for career advancement.
Advice: Hire better managers and leaders
Pros: Teams are composed of smart people who work together well. Good benefits. Flexible working from home. A good place to gain experience in drug development.

Cons: Company not fully invested in making products usable, more interested in getting products to market quickly. Human factors is generally viewed as a checkbox on the way. There is no consideration for the potential commercial benefits of investing in human factors.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and compensation. Very smart colleagues. Company promotes community and connection between employees. Meaningful work that can improve the health of many people.

Cons: It's not what you know, it's who you know. Same as most other places I guess, so this is an indictment of the system, not of the company.
Advice: Work with your employees as if they're partners and we're all in this together. Most employees figure things out anyway, so why not be open?
Pros: Good pay/benefits package. International company. Regular training.

Cons: Very political environment.  Often, your work is used to promote someone else.. not you.
Advice: Get your employees involved in decision making processes.  Get them into meetings to listen and learn.  They want to show what they can do.
Pros: Benefits are great.  Lots of community involvement.  Ability to take on assignments overseas

Cons: Work is divided across multiple levels of management. It is not clear how major business decisions are made.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with people coming from the best educational institutions with solid research background. Company supports mid and  long term R&D. Company invests in development of employees.

Cons: Slow moving organization, focus on processes, and difficult to change inefficiencies due to larger Roche policies. Small site with limited growth/promotions at this site.
Advice: Keep being transparent in communicating initiatives and success stories!
Pros: Great growth opportunity if you're willing to travel, or relocate. Offered me perspective with large corporation complexities in highly matrixed organization.

Cons: Work life balance can be tough at times. Field support positions are often left out to dry on learning new company strategies including new technology.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is Strong company with many perks and benefits. There are many opportunities to grow, climb, and advance your career.

Cons: Unclear whether there will be possibilities to roll over to permanent position.
Advice: Be upfront and clear regarding possibilities to apply for a permanent position.
Pros: Salary is excellent and work environment supportive.

Cons: Advancement is far more difficult even with networking. Work-life balance is very dependant on your department and people leaders. Pay bands are very limiting and do not always make sense.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has a great combination of benefits and the opportunity to be exposed to a good corporate culture.

Cons: If you are over 50 you probably won't be hired for an on-campus job. If you are over 50 and already work on campus beware.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, benefits, beautiful campus, well equipped, flexibility

Cons: Terrible company culture.  They only focus on what you do wrong versus what you do right.  No appreciation or real recognition leads to high turnover.  Very little transparency.
Advice: Engage with your employees, encourage their strengths, mentor and train regularly.
Pros: Very good benefits and vacation days

Cons: Like all big companies, there is some sort of politics.  However, management is mostly transparent to it's employees, which is rare.
Advice: Benefits are great, but increase base pay and include stock.
Pros: Great benefits and work environment.  All the resources you need to succeed.

Cons: Management culture is favoritism, lack of communication, disappointing direction provided by immediate management. You pretty much have to fight for any opportunity to advance here.
Advice: Change management structure
Pros: Easy going, but at times intense, but freedom to explore creative projects to some extent?

Cons: Not always easy to manage work/life balance
Advice: Continue to provide your employees with every opportunity to succeed. Practice what you preach with the Culture of Accountability.
Pros: Do what they can to ensure it is a great place to work. Great benefits and unlimited sick days (within reason)

Cons: A bit process heavy but always looking for improvement.
Advice: The company is behind in technology and its difficult to get funding for implementation.  Innovation is good but it need to be funded.
Pros: Great people and good work-life balance.  Very busy but good support.

Cons: HR is a nightmare
Need to remind HR that people aren't expendable
Advice: Try to retain talent. They want to stay but sometimes money can be an issue and so please pay us more
Pros: Everyone works hard
Team work attitude 
Great benefits
Fun activities

Cons: The business processes tend to slow things down quite a bit, which can be frustrating for customers and, in turn, the sales rep.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche encourages the development of its employees and there are a lot of great benefits of working on the Indy campus.

Cons: lots of acronyms make onboarding more difficult.
Advice: keep up the good work!
Pros: we're building something really helpful to humanity!
everyone is nice, helping each other out is the norm here.  
the team is expanding, lots of opportunities.  
team activities and parties and free lunches.

Cons: There are no cons about working at Roche. Most are highly respectful leaders in the industry!
Advice: High level Directors need to pay more attention to work ethics of lower level Managers.
Pros: Open work environment!
Flexible hours!
Great Colleagues!
No. 1 place to work!

Cons: Product Development, Does not listen well to customers feedback, Compeny is more focus on rest of world verse US
Advice: Listen more, Communication. Mgt is more worried about their jobs verse company performance as a whole
Pros: Good Culture, Quality Products, Strong brand name

Cons: The Nutley, New Jersey facility is closed.
Advice: None
Pros: While Roche is a good company, the Nutley, NJ campus closed a few years ago.  All ratings are irrelevant.

Cons: Corporate politics. To succeed you need the right connections, job skills and hard work don't matter.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance. The culture of the company is great and ever is amazing.

Cons: No sales strategy, copies competition's sales tactics, reactive, never pro-active.  Like many companies promotions are not based on performance.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive based salary, large organization for lateral or upward career  movement if you are liked.

Cons: Annual planning is inconsistent and could take less time to get done.
Advice: Ensure that new employees are onboarded beyond the initial 30 days.
Pros: The people are great to work with and the company is flexible when family matters arise.

Cons: Being such a large company, communication can sometimes get muddy.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Positive culture.  Strong leadership.  Roche takes really good care of their employees.  Good place to grow a career.

Cons: Inability to relocate hurts your ability to advance. No good advancement paths for technical leads - need to lead people to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity for career advancement if you are willing to relocate

Cons: closed the facility, its not easy to get into as more than a contractor
Advice: develop your employees and they will give you their best
Pros: Great team and benefit package

Cons: Europe to US -- need culture training to better acclimate Executives.  Poor communication tops/down has caused many employees to quit.
Advice: Be responsive to feedback --
Pros: Benefits, salary, people, cutting edge work.

Cons: Corrupt, unethical and incompetent management. Get ready to see massive payouts to former employees for wrongful termination. HR is a complete joke. Literally NO ethics department - what does that tell you?!
Advice: Need to completely overhaul "Finance" dept.!!! Also HR - all they do is cover for unethical managers. It's a complete circus.
Pros: nice views - literally that's it

Cons: Large Organization, Divisions are in silos, Cross Divisional selling is challenging
Advice: Understand & capitalize on Cross-Divisional Selling Opportunities to maximize sales & competitive immunity
Pros: Awesome People, Exceptional Products, Outstanding Benefits

Cons: Same as all large companies, very easy to get "Siloed"
Advice: None
Pros: Knowing that you can make a difference to a patients life is very fulfilling.

Cons: More red tape to get ideas pushed thru and less employee autonomy.  Frequent re-organizations within the departments and company overall.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance and benefits.  Opportunities and support available.

Cons: Not much opportunity as a contractor for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment with friendly coworkers and supervisors.  Lots of useful training (OJT, classroom, online reading).  Great work schedule (3-4/12).

Cons: Salary is not competitive enough. Also, getting a promotion is very difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Company benefits are excellent.

Cons: On call and overtime could be less
Advice: Minimize on call and OT
Pros: Very employee friendly, great benefits, great teamwork, good resources, and good salary

Cons: there are none when I was there.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work people are friendly and very out going when it comes to company functions out side work.

Cons: Small site. Closed after acquiring new technology.
Advice: Stay the course.
Pros: Great people. Good benefits. Nice group of people to work with as they were very professional.

Cons: I would like to see less Directors and more boots on the ground.Leadership also doesn't change much as it should.
Advice: None
Pros: Purposeful work.One of Fortune's 100 Best Places to Work

Cons: Sometimes very political and slow in the decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance, very good benefits and career development opportunities

Cons: Overly aggressive time lines leads to under achieved milestones
Advice: Ready, Fire , Aim mentality can be rethought
Pros: get to work with state of the art technology

Cons: Diabetes Care is definitely not treated as "One Roche".
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a great place to work, I've been extremely happy on their Indianapolis campus.

Cons: Little to no support on career development.  
Does not reflect highly rated Roche culture. 
Isolated from the global organization
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company benefits and retirement plan.

Cons: High pressure work environment and long hours
Advice: Continue focusing on employee development
Pros: Great and Smart Colleagues 
Great place to learn

Cons: Promotions are delayed, not involved in growth and development of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good name to have on Resume, good benefits

Cons: Large corporate culture, incompetent leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Initial entry into a career in regulated manufacturing. Large budget and moderate job security

Cons: too many middle managers to take free ride
Advice: cut mediocre middle managers
Pros: generous to employees, good benefits,

Cons: Sometimes difficult to navigate such a large enterprise, in terms of career opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great science, great products and great opportunities to develop personally/professionally.

Cons: Don't like SAP, doesn't use MS outlook, no company provided free transportation at our site. Other sites do
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, dedicated, very sustainable, forward thinking

Cons: It's bit far from my home location.
Advice: I prefer to work within 20  miles of Fremont CA
Pros: Best place to work; Best employer

Cons: Limited career growth if you can't move from state to state.
Advice: None
Pros: great company, great benefits. if you are willing to move career advancement is great

Cons: As you move up, the roles are continually moving towards requiring more travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great opportunities.  Leadership open to helping you advance.

Cons: Allow interns to learn more from finance angle as well
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Great management team, very supportive team members and great benefits

Cons: None to date, truly a pleasure since day 1.
Advice: Pay your lab technicians more
Pros: Friendly atmosphere, good benefits, great experience.

Cons: leadership,  "favorites" are given more opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: easygoing environment, benefits, holidays, vacation time

Cons: I don't have any cons
Advice: ...
Pros: Innovative and good cause, great work culture, good benefits, fast paced

Cons: Campus parking is a bummer. Sometimes difficult to move to other positions within company.
Advice: None
Pros: Authentic leadership, meaningful work, great campus.

Cons: Swiss/German owned and that is the primary focus in my opinion. NAM is secondary.
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful Campus, great people and work environment

Cons: I would like to see more opportunities with careers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, good work/life balance.

Cons: Cliquish
Its about who you know more than what you know
Advice: Management does not seem to promote from within
Pros: Great people to work with 
Competitive Salary

Cons: Risk adverse; lack of innovation, not progressive; political barriers; lack of direction; poor leadership at all levels.
Advice: Advance people that move the company forward rather than fail up. Roche appoints their own and most of their own are unqualified, inexperienced and "yes" men. All a facade.
Pros: Large company, resources, global reach, pharma and diagnostics.

Cons: Bad planning and fire fighting.
Advice: Plan better and get systems that are user freindly.
Pros: Nice people and decent culture

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: none
Pros: great company to work for i cannot find any problems with this company

Cons: Not much Cons - its a good place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot professionally and gain a lot of good friends.

Cons: Recent downsizing due to Medicare reimbursement of blood glucose strips
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with here!

Cons: Upper management seem out of touch. Not much room to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance and benefits

Cons: Longevity makes getting an earlier shift difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Opportunities  and great work environment.

Cons: This position can feel very much like data entry.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with lots of growth potential if you work for it.

Cons: Just like other big companies: bureaucratic, move slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed work environment, good benefits

Cons: Not challenged to make a difference.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, good people to work with

Cons: Procedures managed off site, not in Madison.
Advice: continue open practices
Pros: Management, flexibility, high quality colleagues, respectful environment

Cons: Decision making process takes time.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits including 401K and paternity leave.

Cons: Need to get better with having better work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Really good benefits, environment, opportunities,

Cons: To many lay offs  constant worry about job stability!
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at overall!

Cons: none, enjoyed my time there
Advice: none, stay awesome
Pros: mentor programs, work in different departments

Cons: HR - Personal Mgmt could be better
Advice: Better HR
Pros: Experience that I gained was good

Cons: Lack of Growth to move forward
Advice: More opportunities needed to grow.
Pros: Good Company to work and Gow

Cons: None really. I haven't been to better company than roche
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, job security, competitive pay

Cons: Limited job mobility / career opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Outstanding benefits, work/life balance and focus on employee satisfaction.

Cons: None at all at this time.
Advice: Good, very very good and more.
Pros: A very good place to be.

Cons: There are none that I can think of.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Great place to start a career

Cons: Life sciences company, need to focus on technology more
Advice: To establish clear "WHY"
Pros: Good culture and a place to nurture yourself

Cons: Hard to move up in the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment and easygoing people.

Cons: Decisions and changes take awhile
Advice: None
Pros: Good work / life balance.  Atmosphere is relaxed and friendly

Cons: Lots of politics, big company culture
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunities for development

Cons: really hard to get into the company
Advice: None
Pros: They had really great working environment

Cons: Global Company with limited opportunities,
Advice: None
Pros: Global Company, good benefits, healthy business

Cons: Organizational instability with leadership chnages
Advice: None
Pros: Employees comitted to doing what is right tof the patient

Cons: Getting into NY city can be a pain
Advice: move office location
Pros: Great company, benefits, and people

Cons: It is difficult to move up at Roche
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a great place to work.

Cons: Slow, Siloed, Competitive, Traditional, Focused
Advice: None
Pros: Networking, Products, Facilities, Culture, People, Innovative

Cons: Management - not always up front with information
Advice: None
Pros: Customer focused
Good pay and benefits

Cons: time intensity could be a con to some
Advice: None
Pros: Career Mobility is a pro

Cons: No insurance  and not steady work
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch,  great attitudes , motivated

Cons: Long hours of shift work
Advice: None
Pros: Cross Training, New equipment,  GMP

Cons: Disjointed at times for businesses
Advice: Keep all sites updated
Pros: Nice people to work with

Cons: Too many meetings to handle :(
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going, nice colleagues

Cons: not good benefit for contractor
Advice: None
Pros: The atmosphere are very friendly

Cons: Stipend is less when compared to peers
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment to work in

Cons: I can't think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture and career path.

Cons: Heavy lifting, minor management issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits. 3 weeks vacation.

Cons: Huge company, lots of red tap
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, great benefits.

Cons: Nothing I can see as cons there
Advice: Good!
Pros: Good Place to learn and deliver

Cons: Phone calls micro managed to a ridiculous degree.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits good and some nice co-workers.

Cons: Lack of advancement in some departments
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a Great place to work!

Cons: No flexible on working hours
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, good overall compensation

Cons: Hardly any career growth without education.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has plenty of benefits.

Cons: high outputs, short training time
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment, lots of friendly faces

Cons: Insurance reimbursement  is driving product sales
Advice: None
Pros: Roche treats their employees fairly

Cons: Difficult to move up. Few growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.

Cons: Perfect, positive, goal and achievement
Advice: -
Pros: Good people, good working environment

Cons: Haven't thought of any so far.
Advice: None
Pros: very good working environment. Enjoy

Cons: Lots of politics s s s
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome people work here. Loved it.

Cons: Processes are complex and decisions slow
Advice: None
Pros: Human way to treat employees

Cons: Management in some departments are bulling, and sexist against certain racial minority's.
Advice: Believe your workers.
Pros: Some great people, good location

Cons: too slow for change
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: Many underqualified coworkers, unfair raise system
Advice: None
Pros: Brilliant engineers, great chance to own projects and learn new skills

Cons: micromanaging and no room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: money was good but no support

Cons: The company has always been far too internally focused.  It is a deep seated element of the Roche culture that has not been effectively countered and so now it is just being ignored, and consequences are coming to the surface.  Long term internal focus is costly in the long term.   

The company has changed over recent years as margins have dwindled and the diagnostics branch prepares to greet commoditisation of its once dominant product offering. 
Experience as a quality is stepping aside for generic thinking and business-by-textbook. 
The Dx branch did not take enough of advantage of its leading position while its competitors suffered major setbacks.
Now the competition has caught up, it is becoming difficult to differentiate, meaning an increasing reliance on customer loyalty, which benefits from long term relationships with trusted company specialists, whose experience is now undervalued.  Available resources are reallocated to patch ailing hardware that should have been obsolesced many years ago.  

Take your experience somewhere where they know it is valuable and and never let them tell you that you can't do what you believe.
Advice: Mend the disconnect between your c-suite and the people who actually hold your ship together.   IF you want to lose weight but stay healthy,  you trim the fat, not the meat.
Pros: Plenty of opportunity if you are young and shiny.  Great heights to be reached if you are ready to walk the walk and talk the talk.  Just close your eyes and enjoy the ride. Plenty of chance to travel and see the world for the keen-eyed. The best thing about Roche is the customer. Get out there and meet them. Thats where the best stories are.

Cons: Salary is a little lower than for similar sized pharma companies and WGC is an expensive town with not much to do in/nearby unless you want to go in London which is not what I want to do if I just fancy a quick drink after work with my colleagues. 

In terms of work, it's hard to find information sometimes as it is almost hoarded in teams. If you ask for the info you'll get it but it's hard to know what's available as it's not readily shared when it should be.  Information and updates sometimes take a while to filter down through management and occasionally it feels a little a little disjointed.
Advice: None
Pros: I love working here! I genuinely believe in the company tagline "Doing now what patients need next" and feel that most of the workforce also believe in this and feel that they are contributing to helping patients (regardless of job role). The benefit package is pretty generous although the wages are a little low compare to similar sized pharma companies. There are flexible work hours and the ability to work from home several days a week if you like. The work life balance is good and the people I work with are really knowledgeable  and approachable.

Cons: - Decisions are mainly taken in Europe and USA and took some time to be applied in all affiliates, in a very competitive market, this can be a bad thing
- Lots of top-down decisions without empowering some job level that can help to improve processes
Advice: Innovation is in the DNA of the company, but many current processes need to be innovated as well. To do this, a culture of innovation needs to be applied in our areas of the company, not only in the research centers. Without being innovative, and take a look in all process and areas, as a consequence this will not allow to promote and launch new innovation to the market in a very near future, taking into account that our competitors are not the one we used to know, but new ones that we don't even know, maybe they don't exist yet, but for sure, they will take advantage of exponential technologies
Pros: - Great environment to work
- Lots of opportunities to work around the globe
- Heavy globalization culture that allows you to improve communication and language skills

Cons: Unfortunately within Roche Diagnostics Australia there is a now culture of bullying and some would say this is from the top down. Certain individuals at lower management are repeat offenders especially in NSW.  HR and middle management just brush it under the carpet rather than root out the problem leading to a view by many that this is endemic.
Advice: The last GEOs reflects many colleagues feelings, there has been a decline over the last few years.  Someone from Basel or Singapore should come down and start asking questions and not to be taken in with the excuses and coverups.
Pros: Interesting and rewarding work, Roche is actually a good company to work for worldwide as the rewards and benefits are fantastic. I been working at Roche over 15 years and although sometimes face the usual issues and internal processes most of the staff are professional and great to work with.  Fantastic new office in North Ryde right beside the train station so now very easy to get to,  undercover parking if you choose to take car to work.

Cons: Culture- the company have recognised this is an issue and have a strategic focus to help people flourish. 

Processes are not consistent, especially around recruitment and promotions. Salaries and mid points are not openly discussed, awards for reward schemes eg Roche one club , Long term incentives etc are not transparent.

 Functional experts and people managers seem to be less rewarded  than those that lead high visible projects.

There is definitely an underlying issue with  culture that is hard to pinpoint but can be destructive to confidence. 

Those that do well generally need to be  globally mobile which means the UK affiliate has many over qualified talented people that are not utilised to their full potential.
Advice: The only real way to change the culture is to change the leadership team completely
Pros: Brilliant pipeline with over 10 launches in last few years and several more planned. 
Amazing investment in R&D
Fabulous facilities in the UK
Professional atmosphere
Supports well being
Clear company vision around patients

Cons: The company does not know who it's good people are
Gets quite nasty when senior women hit the glass ceiling
Very long hours - hard to combine work and life
When they want to get rid of people they apply pressure to take a short term contract, then end it with no termination benefits after careers of 20+ years
Advice: Look back and really try to understand who did the heavy lifting to make a project a success against all the odds, then find out where they are now. They will not still be at Roche, particularly if they are a senior, older female.
Pros: Learning opportunities
Inspirational projects
Brilliant colleagues
Great pay

Cons: Not enough support provided,  often left to do the work of two people and them get blame if work isn't up to standard, get told this work needs to be done by tomorrow,  stay late at office to complete and then told they dont want you working late.
Advice: Have a consistent message. Realise where you are stretched too thin and don't blame the employee for not getting the work done of two people. It's your responsibility to provide support.
Pros: Great pipeline,  stable future, good growth and development opportunities. Good training programme. Well established within industry,  great salary and benefits package.

Cons: Due to internal politics life can be hard and management decisions can affect your work negatively. 
Many unnecessary project persons in the HQ who sometimes hold back information. 
Sometimes it is unclear who is responsible for what. 
There is a big distance between business and support. 
Many system changes which caused longer and slow processes and double work.
No creative ideas anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: I was lucky during the years as I had the chance to progress and improve my skills by new challenges. Because of my hard work I was recognised many times and also promoted. In the first years my manager took care of the team, our processes and responsibilities and also appreciated us. (Then I experienced the opposite as well)

Cons: Not really.  
Very commercially oriented and not a lot of decision power when one is working at local affiliate level and not at the Swiss headquarters.  So one has to be OK with this whole thing of executing tasks coming from above, sometimes working in urgency without time to think, and having to follow all these corporate KPIs and annual project plans.
Advice: Try and embrace more the modern management style by empowering your people to become leaders of their own careers.
Pros: A very nice employer: still an agreeable family culture (these things become rare nowadays), a lot of considerations for people and possibilities to change functions across departments.

Cons: Managers assigned in affiliates need to be coached in term of leadership 
Absence of Roche culture in affiliates especially in Africa, unfortunately some of them are operating with local culture which impact employees’ motivation and explain the turnover

Country manager is the only decision maker

Stressful environment for some core functions
Advice: To focus more on leadership 
to be close to employees and to enhance their listening skills 
Headquarter has to work on the enhancement of Roche culture in their affiliate
Pros: Good work environment where employee can rely on the support of the company to offer him all needed training to support him and to achieve his result
Performance is rewarded 
Excellent HR community

Cons: Bad management decision created a huge waste of time and money. For instance, business managers deciding technology with no background.
Too much politics.
Each entity is isolated from others, no possibilities to change project or location.
No career or development plan. 
No transparency created a lot of rumors and frustration. 
When people started leaving the company, they did not try to evaluate the reason.
Advice: Pay attention to people, they create your products. Don't make decisions with no rational behind (and share the rational).
Provide roadmap and clear directions, not only short term plans.
Pros: Working environment because of multicultural teams. Strong culture & values in some entities but not in mine.

Cons: Medical labs are high pressure environments, especially in hospitals where the majority of lab techs work, according to the MHA. Precision and accuracy in managing and recording lab results is critical in health care. Medical professionals rely on quality lab results to communicate with patients and to determine diagnosis and recommended courses of action. This pressure, combined with higher amounts of testing in busier environments, can overwhelm you if we don't cope well with pressure.
Advice: None
Pros: Medical laboratory technologist skilled in performing, conducting, and analyzing laboratory assays and resolving complex clinical and instrumental problems. Organized and proficient at precisely analyzing detail-oriented analytical, hardworking and highly motivated.

Cons: The culture is interpreted differently depending on which department and which manager. Theoretically you can speak up when things are wrong however it is frowned upon and managers don't have the time to actively listen. People are too worried to speak up about inefficiency and how it can be improved. "How" you conduct yourself  is the number one priority in 360 feedback,  therefore people are reluctant to speak up for fear of appearing confronting the status quo.  It appears that management training is not always effective, some are  rapidly promoted  managers  overseeing big teams  who are  under pressure to progress trial conduct. These middle managers lack understanding of site or study operations or regulatory expectations but manage people who work in clinical trial project oversight.  This makes people feel over whelmed with lack of support and clarity and poor onboarding. The on boarding is inadequate given the complexity of the organisation, lack of middle management knowledge of operations, and the numerous systems and platforms. This can  leave an expert CSM or contractor feeling like a rookie when they first join Roche. People stay because it's easy to move on to another role whilst enjoying the benefits. If you play your cards right, keep your head down, work around inefficiencies  and make sure all the right managers know you and  love you, you get ahead. This is what is meant by the "how" in real terms.
Advice: Eagle eye on manager behaviour and really actively listen and promote a transparent culture of feedback and speaking up.  Global Employee Opinion Surveys speak volumes. Recycling internal  talent around means that fresh outlook and ideas are lacking. Listen to the advice from new starters  and to employee feedback.  Doing things in the same way never yields different results.
Pros: Theoretically the culture and values are fantastic (courage, integrity, agility, collaboration, people first) , the benefits are great, good facilities that promote high productivity with on site wellness centre. The company does genuinely promote a good work life balance. Lots of in-house promotion means that the opportunities are abundant.

Cons: Communication from management could be improved. If you have a problem with your management HR is not supportive at all. Processes sometimes can be too complex and impenetrable.
Advice: People is your most valuable asset which is often voiced but sometimes and at some departments it is rarely felt. Not just say it, walk the talk!
Pros: Interesting projects and assignments to different locations around the globe. Good to see an industry leader in personalized healthcare. Good work-life balance. Ambitious plans for future.

Cons: A global company so the inevitable early / late meetings across time zones. Decision making can be very slow due to everyone wanting to have their say and overly complicated organisational structures. Complicated dynamics between functions and project teams meaning that best practice often not adopted. Cumbersome HR processes.
Advice: Simplify HR processes
Pros: Great global company to work for; offer global mobility for talented staff who are interested in experiencing different cultures.

Cons: The organization is large and complex so it's sometimes hard to know the SOPs and where to get the correct information from, but there are initiatives underway both locally and globally to change that. Moving to more an agile mindset.
Advice: None
Pros: The Roche Site in Mississauga in general is a great place to work, lots of opportunities to learn and for growth. 
The environment is very inclusive and collaborative.
There is an onsite gym which you will need because the food if the Cafeteria is very good.

Cons: - some initiatives coming from management don't make sense to those "down below"
- some people can be very change-averse
Advice: Please include some representatives of the normal staff when you develop change initiatives, so that the execution of those initiatives does make sense for eveybody and is worth the time and money spent on them.
Pros: - good working atmosphere, colleagues will always take time to help you
- management is approachable and willing to listen to concerns
- the company is almost constantly changing and adapting

Cons: Line Managers do not want the employers to grow because they don’t want to lose balance in their teams, so it’s not that easy to change the job position or to grow with their help. There’s a lack of encouragement to the employers, despite they say that they support career.
Advice: They should listen more and they should help powerful employers to a satisfying development into the company.
Pros: Good benefits and career possibilities. Salaries are not exceeded but they are ok. International environment and policies. Human Resources Department very active.

Cons: Tend to more and more get rid of people quite ruthlessly when they want to reduce headcount,  even when they are above 50 and  highly qualified. Are not really good in decision making, often no mandate across the network, to be enabled.
Advice: Make sure that you don't spoil the trust, that your employees still have in you, your credibility is fading more and more every year.
Pros: Very social attitude (still, but fading in the last years), give everybody the chance to develop apart from his training history, if he is qualified.

Cons: Flat structure, however internal movement and promotion is still very high.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture that really respects the work/life balance. Friendly and collaborative staff who are really passionate about what they do. The new office in Barangaroo, Sydney, is fantastic. Light, modern with a hot-desking environment and a rooftop terrace with full-time baristas serving complementary coffee all day - how many employers do that for their staff? No core working hours and working from home is encouraged. Shows management really respect the Australian culture. Generous transport policy for people flying overseas and lots of international secondment opportunities.

Cons: Extremly high expectations in terms of flexibility and engagement
The vocational training department has huge expectations and none of the vocational trainers there is authentic or works with passion.
Apprentice's loan is above average and no other expenses are being refunded (school books, language stays etc.)
Advice: I am aware, that I am not in the position to judge or correct a management. The only thing that I could say, is that even the apprentices should be more educated in our products and how they work.
Pros: Great working athmosphere
Above average loans
Has a very good reputation

Cons: Boys club at operational / country and Region. Jobs are given based on being part of the club not on merit. The organization is slow to make decisions and poor at prioritization
Advice: Stop talking about agility and do something about it. Decide on the culture - is it US West Coast or German/ European
Pros: Products are Hugely innovative, people and potential opportunities. Colleagues very supportive and passionate. The focus on patients is refreshing and genuine.

Cons: It's hard to get hired in another position in different location even though you had a favorable experience in your home country.
Advice: If you already have a positive experience in the company as an ex worker, it should be considered more when applying in a different country.
Pros: Great workplace environment, team oriented, excellent benefits and at the same time a caring company, who's quality  products are dedicated to developing cures for so many different conditions

Cons: Like in any other big company I guess: evolution is connection more than merit or competence unfortunately. This is a little bit disappointing.
Advice: invest and give a chance to your employee, do not keep bad managers because they are in their job for a long time. Listen to your employees.
Pros: Good salary, very nice atmosphere. New building and in house cafeteria.
Work-private life balance is great. Flexibility and working from home is possible.

Cons: No parking provided unfortunately but excellent public transport links.
Advice: Keep doing what you have been doing, this is a great place to work. Well done for clearing out the lazy Dee Why dead wood.
Pros: Excellent Barangaroo location, modern offices, flexibility, great pay and benefits, career opportunities are endless and great brand new HR team! Excellent vision and purpose making a difference to patients lives.

Cons: limited agility; low commercial competitiveness; balance quality and speed in delivering products and services; assess which activities are better served by decentralisation and which should be centralised and implement accordingly
Advice: not only focus on delivering sales but also to invest in conceptual, strategic work. Consider to re-consider centralised vs. decentralised activities
Pros: Great company culture; collaborative environment; brilliant brains pushing science to provide treatment and cure to patients in need

Cons: Less open to new methodologies and ideas. Slow on execution. Very difficult to scale a process from a local site globally.
Advice: Invest in listening to the young talent entering the company. People coming with new ideas and visions might shape the future of how the company innovates.
Pros: Very structured and professional environment. Managers and employees are extremely educated and experienced.  I learned a lot from my co-workers from around the globe.

Cons: With flexitime comes the attitude of you work until the job is done. You'll get compensated for this, but some weeks can be manic
Advice: Keep up the work!
Pros: They treat you as a person, not a number. All for your development and a healthy work life balance is very important to them. You get recognition for the work you do and the career progression is amazing. The benefits and Flexitime are good too!

Cons: - Lots of reorganization in the past 4 years and still ongoing changes
- Intransparent decisions taken on higher and mid management level
- Bad communication from management
Advice: - Care more about your employees, they are your assets and your future
Pros: - Colleagues and team spirit
- Daily business and project work can be very interesting and challenging
- Good salary, benefits and goodies

Cons: External candidates are favoured more over the existing internal talent pool. Many lay offs.
Advice: Value people who already work for you more and do not let HR interfere in your hiring decisions or performance reviews.
Pros: Flexible hours; Roche days (extra vacation day almost every long weekend); subsidized cafeteria; on site gym; friendly people; renovated office; great products

Cons: Can be difficult to get the compensation packages at market rates.  Roche in the UK appear to go in slightly lower than average vs. GSK and AZ in the area.  HR can be difficult to work with also in the UK.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working, great offices, great culture

Cons: sometimes a bit conservative, not much standardization among departments which can be confusing
Advice: It's worth to preserve the open atmosphere and the culture even when it means short term loss of productivity in some pockets.
Pros: Roche takes care of its employees, salaries are good as well as the working atmosphere among colleagues, innovation-friendly, one can bring in his own ideas, social activities like Roche Sport Club

Cons: Unpredictable workload, changes going slowly
Too much fluctuation in the associate and teamlead positions, unstable teams
Only public transport to the office (no free car parking place available)
Advice: Pay more attention to employees' needs apart from KPIs
Be open for new sr managers coming from outside the company, as they might bring in better ideas
Pros: Good working environment, nice office,  facilities, 
Lots of trainings avaliable
Fancy company occasions

Cons: culture may be different from regions or countries. the executive of the corporate culture depends on the leadership level quality
Advice: pay attention to the culture alignment in executive level, ensure the diversity and inclusion culture are well obeyed from top to down. Focus on HR education, ensure the HR person's quality in high level.
Pros: International company with 80,000 employees all over the world, 180 countries. Fruitful opportunity in career development

Cons: Very old style management with lack of trust. You will have to convince your boss for every initiative you want to take. 
The worst working environment I have ever seen: back stabbing among team colleagues, lack of help for newcomers, lack of motivation, no companionship. 
They will appreciate you staying until late. 
This review is only for Procurement dep. There are lots of other departments that are quite OK.
Advice: Motivate your employees, take real satisfaction surveys, Trust your employees. Hire leaders, not bosses.  Don't monitor every step of the way, it's not a kindergarden.
Pros: The benefits you get: salary, gym, canteen...etc. That's it!

Cons: Not to much chanche to moove inside . Only financial and hr, other areas are open for people working for the company for at least 5 years. Home office possibility.
Advice: Keep this benefits. Home office should be flexible, not the same day of each week.
Pros: Great company to work for. Lot of benefits. Some small gifs ( fruit, chocholet, cereal) each Friday, great amout of cafeteria, trainings , social activities

Cons: Very unfortunate recent trend towards contract vs permanent employment opportunities.  Recent downsizing and outsourcing has dampened morale.
Advice: People truly are a company's most valuable resource.  Great employees want the stability of permanent positions and will move on to find them.
Pros: Amazing culture, collaboration, benefits and flexible work hours.   Best company I have ever worked for.

Cons: In somehow is a bit conservative and some processes take to much time to do it
Advice: None
Pros: The company statement of Doing now what patients need next is really connected with everything we do in Roche. This a great place to grown, as we have a lot of resources and support to guarantee your career development

Cons: Lots of processes but Roche are trying to streamline them to make life easier.
Advice: The changes we have been going through were definitely needed and they are creating  a better place to work for everyone
Pros: Great pay, benefits and flexibility for the majority of roles.  Nice people.  Varied and interesting work.  Moving to new offices in Barangaroo.

Cons: It is nothing like an MNC. Especially I talk for Roche Diagnostics & Diabetes Care mumbai. Many a times I have felt the pace to be slower than a govt office. Very poor processes. No employee consessions to buy products.
Advice: Please bring rapid changes and don't just keep massaging your ego
Pros: If you are lazy you can get along with not working and no one will notice

Cons: cant think of any , I moved on to develop myself into another area, which Shows another positive sign of how much care is taken on people development - great plave to wirk and develop
Advice: None
Pros: IT open minded business partner, centralized approach with one global solution, highly skilled internal team of experts, respectful and easy to work with people  in the team. International mix and well paid

Cons: On occasion work can become a little too simple and/or repetitive which leads to boredom, although managers will be happy to rotate, give more challenging work or simply add more, in order to fully stimulate employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, lots of opportunities to learn and progress in many areas.  Supportive management who allow enough freedom to explore all aspects of the role whilst still meeting any and all deadlines.

Cons: Too much hierachy/processes/managers. Career can get stuck if you want to go upwards. Decisions are by committee sometimes
Advice: streamline your processes/think of how best to get right people cultivated for next career move. cut down on ensuring everyone is happy with decision.
Pros: A company that is Innovative, decentralised, fun. Alot of smart people to work with. Many opportunities to work in.

Cons: big corporation problems (e.g. communication across functions / clear role and responsibility/ some leaders' leadership skills/ open to the diversity and inclusion)
Advice: -ensure managers' corporation citizenship (e.g support healthy working environment)
- clear performance measurement to functions that may be not easily measured by numbers
-procedural and interactional justice (fairness) towards 'people' topics
Pros: global orientation / International opportunity / good compensation package

Cons: A few. I would have stayed longer if not for the location which was not convenient for me.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a great work environment, with friendly people and job opportunities at the end of the internship. In Penzberg, there was a boarding house to make it easier to find an accommodation.

Cons: In Sant Cugat Software Development area the intermediate management layers kill everything good about corporate values because they only want to protect their seats and fat salaries. Young people, apprentices,  without experience are pulled in to cover new positions and get sucked into the corrupted culture that sustains 10+ years of the senior managers.
Advice: Get rid of 80% or management roles. People have nothing to do 80% of the time due to waste of time trying to agree on moving a needle.
Pros: The Swiss company principles are very good.

Cons: Internal processes are bureaucratic ( it has been improved) and the salary is smaller than market but benefits are good.
Advice: This is the way!
Pros: Great carrear opportunity, excellent benefits, the company cares about collaborators development and well being. 
Everybody who works at this company has passion and really fells that make sense what we do! Doing now what patients need next.

Cons: Change management could be better, as well as handing the expansion of the company. Systems are unreliable sometimes
Advice: Take better care of systems and processes which have a huge impact on performance
Pros: Industry leading innovative company, which takes care of its employees. Lot of career opportunities , rotation programs and assignments. Appropriate salary and benefits, good work - life balance.

Cons: You need to take charge of your own development and career prospects to progress, but that's probably the case everywhere.
Advice: Thank you for creating a very good culture, for empowering us and for giving importance to personal development and general growth.
Pros: Great culture, flexibility. Company invests in its people. There are lots of jobs posted internally so there is opportunity within the company too.

Cons: Some people were in positions they weren't suited to. Sometimes there was an attitude of "I'm here longer, so I know best".
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Flexi-time was great. The Sports and Social club had an event almost monthly, which made it easy to meet and interact with others in the company . Great people. Great culture

Cons: Enormous workload, high speed work style, stress from tight deadlines. It's sometimes hard to develop careers if the size of the affiliate is not important or if the department is less then 6 persons
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, innovation business, motivating benefits, diverse teams, There is a lot of international experience opportunities available, great chances of learning, continuous development and trainings

Cons: Unnecessary training schedules which did not add value, were not always tailored to job function and were utterly forgettable experiences.  Bureaucracy and politics were rife.
Advice: Implore senior management to think through their approach to implementing changes and consider more robust efforts with user acceptance testing
Pros: Interesting projects and exposure to cutting edge research which made for a very varied work day

Cons: The Canadian commercial team is a bit behind the times with some very old school thinking but still achieves great results
Advice: Change jobs once in a while at the top level to get some new perspective, listen to new people from other industries or organizations
Pros: The global teams are innovative, forward thinking and incredible thinkers

Cons: Huge company, which creates a certain amount of sluggishness and allows extremely dysfunctional departments to operate undetected.
Advice: Regularly audit non-essential functions.
Pros: Pays very well, does a lot for employees, fascinating mission. In theory offers great career development, although this was sadly not the case for me.

Cons: Slow and conservative Swiss company, not very open and innovative enough. People tend to warm their seats rather than changing the healthcare
Advice: Be more courageous and rapid
Pros: Large prestigious company, good working conditions, excellent salary and nice people overall. Basel is ok too, quite rich environment for its size

Cons: Promotion criteria are unclear and the same policies that justify some not being promoted do not apply to the others.
Advice: Beware of the limits that make an ethical business, a profit-oriented business. Still not the case, but just be careful.
Pros: International opportunities and really good benefits are the most valuable in the company.

Cons: Flat organization. LAck of opportunities for vertical movement but lots of opportunities for horizontal movement if you like to learn the business and develop in pharma/biotech.
Advice: Provide more opportunity for growth within roles with senior titles.
Pros: Very collaborative work environment. Very good pipeline. Company based on continuous innovation.

Cons: A very political place to work, and some people have been there a very long time.
Advice: Need to reconsider how you treat people going on maternity leave to ensure that they are fairly treated e.g. bonus is not incorrectly paid.
Pros: Great benefits package, flexible and valuable to employees.  Good medical care and great selection of other benefits.

Cons: No work - life  balance. Swift to open space working places more convenient to Sales _Marketing functions , rather than for Finance _Analytics Functions .
Advice: None
Pros: Inspiring _rewarding working environment_involvement in multi functional roles within finance area , international exposure - experience of international projects - roles.

Cons: Senior management can be obtuse, HR processes are achingly slow, a lot of institutionalised people
Advice: Listen, I mean really listen to your staff. Surveys and mutual appreciation societies like team building archery are not working
Pros: Flexibile working, friendly people, always ready to hel, diverse interesting projects and loads of expertise onsite

Cons: Innovative products are expensive but that it also a good thing as you can find solutions to patients
Advice: Perfect management and they give a chance for employees to develop , Hope they keep the same
Pros: Innovation , creativity and a room to develop

Cons: It's a struggle to maintain that people centric approach and it is slowly turning into an emotionless corporate workplace.
Advice: Announcing super aggressive 5 year plan and cutting headcount does not signal confidence in that plan.
Pros: The company still tries to maintain its family-centric valued. Direct reports are nice and treat you like people.

Cons: A bit chaotic buerocratic system, leadership does not act upon a lot of issues. There are a lot of communication problems between the departments.
Advice: . . .
Pros: Flexible workhours, available home office solutions, good environment and good equipment to work with. A lot of smart and good people are working here

Cons: I was looking for international job opportunities, short or longer term assignments. HR didn't make it happen for me, they always delayed the final response.
Advice: Keep up!
Pros: Great company culture and values, global vision and focus on innovation. There are many talented people and the growth opportunities are varied.

Cons: None other than the unfortunate company decision to downsize the entire Drug Information team and outsource a significant portion of the customer facing role it fulfilled.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with amazing benefits and culture, wonderful calibre of people and environment.

Cons: No  chances for promotion, not really any salary increase; a line manager that has difficulty understanding the process and what exactly the job means
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and nice colleagues.Attractive salary.Little affiliate in Denmark,with possibility to try new exciting things.possibility to travel abroad and be involved in projects

Cons: Blaming culture, very poor selection of new employees, bad management, limited ways for salary increases, increasing American presence and influence
Advice: Give more space to smart people
Pros: Safe & secure job, slow moving company, some benefits, relocation possible, a lot of people to meet, usually well paid

Cons: Different department might not have the same mindset and objectives. So communication is utmost important.
Advice: Get everyone in the same page of communication.
Pros: This is a good company with amble of opportunities for performer and potential candidates. Get yourself improve and you will get spotted.

Cons: There are few cons of working in this amazing and large company. Perhaps the fact that not all people are qualified enough to do their job and they still keep it.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment.
Good salary.
Career opportunities.
Flexible schedule.

Cons: Too much bureaucracy
Not the latest technologies to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Nice open work environment with cafeteria, free coffee, fruit, table soccer
Good Lunch only costs 0,7€ 
Parking included
Respectful and open management
Nice team mates
1 day per week home office
Agile teams

Cons: Difficult to get next steps within the company. It is about networking and performance. A lot of people stay in the same position for 10 years
Advice: None
Pros: Good package and good work life balance. It is a great company to get training and to get international exposure

Cons: middle management is not always up to the standards of such a company, ranked among the best 5 pharmaceutical companies in the world
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent environment for research , innovative approaches and opened mind for creative solutions. Appreciates talents and creative thinking

Cons: Incompetent Management. Heavy  Inside Politics.  Genentech employees get perks and support and legacy Roche employees are kicked out.
Advice: Save the Roche culture - it is what got you here.
Pros: Great  Benefits. Good location.  Great Salary.

Cons: I have resigned at roche 3 months completed but i did'nt get final settlement yet(salary,expences,PF).the process is to slow.
Advice: Please make it fast the process of final settlement.
Pros: They give good Training for employees and they salary is good.

Cons: I like everything here but I am a contractor and I want to have a secure position
Advice: everyday be better then the previous and in time you will be the best
Pros: The possibility to grow from the knowledge and professional perspective

Cons: Pay is mediocre, tends to hire less experienced people, little room for advancement within role depending on what department
Advice: Provide ability for advancement, pay should reflect person's contributions to the role
Pros: Flexible work environment,  respectful culture

Cons: Risk averse culture - Innovation is promoted theoretically but not in practice
Advice: Encourage individuality and innovation
Pros: Great work environment - Good salary - Challenging work - Learning opportunities are abundant

Cons: Management in few geographical locations and divisions is very poorly organized.
Advice: None
Pros: Company thinks about employees a lot. Very good company if you get a good manager.

Cons: Awful management, very old-school, will not listen to staff, never change. No work-life balance
Advice: promote achievers, not those who have played the old-boy's network
Pros: Good products, impressive scientific innovations

Cons: Abissmal local leadership in the SE England, UK site resulting in very high staff turnover with people treating the place as their personal business rather than a corporate environment.
Advice: Replace people in management that have been at that site for too long so the actual beauty of the company is realised by all.
Pros: Good family friendly company to work for overall.
Good Benefits and flexible working with some home working

Cons: Sometimes,  there are too many initiatives (happening back to back)  being implemented by various departments
Advice: None
Pros: Rich product pipeline,  provides employee  development so that they are equipped to do current work and future roles,  very good benefits

Cons: Large corporate processes sometimes make it hard to get the job done.
Advice: Streamline processes, enable decision-making at lower tiers, and ensure that service functions continue to provide support and add value to core functions.
Pros: Great people, positive and supportive culture, safe and secure working environment

Cons: Slow-paced. Burocratic at times. Affiliate with top management in Germany and Switzerland.
Advice: Focus more on what makes us money and less on trying to change the marketplace where we do business.
Pros: Relaxed and open culture. Friendly atmosphere. Market leading. Appreciated products.

Cons: Too much process slows everything down - but ensures quality.
Advice: None
Pros: High performance organization with a strong brand image and an engaging work environment. Lots of opportunity to learn new things and employee personal development is well supported.

Cons: Salaries are under market. No movement in upper management. Hard to be promoted.
Advice: Continue with the employer engagement. Top management very static. Hard to envision promotions.
Pros: A good company culture. Company does its best to improve employee engagement.

Cons: I would be grateful to study more inside the company (training) and  to attend some international conferences to learn more about products and healthcare marketing :)
Advice: None
Pros: Professional environment. You feel that you are valuable. Never stop learning.

Cons: Work/life balance is very difficult. Getting promoted is quite difficult in your own affiliate.
Advice: Improve career opportunities.
Pros: Salary, benefits and stability. They really care about employees and their needs.

Cons: Processes are not adaptable to the market situation, Have to follow the global mandate with very little to tweak
Advice: None
Pros: Open Senior Management, Focus on People development, Opportunity to work in different region, pay above the industry average

Cons: HR processes are slow from time to time.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance and good benefits on offer. Exciting news of a 2nd tower in Basel to be built shows strong growth in the company.

Cons: Small operations in vietnam, lack of room to grow. Local Pharma industry full of bureaucracy.
Advice: Local management need to modernize their management style and principles
Pros: Nice and friendly colleagues, autonomy, clear organizational purpose, good pay and perks

Cons: life-work balance, there is a lot of work.
Advice: improve the salary band, there is talent feeling underpaid
Pros: global opportunities if you have results and networking with colleagues from other affiliates

Cons: In the overall the pros weight more than tthe cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for employees. Good salary. There is a reason why it is ranked one of the best places to work.

Cons: No vision on career growth.
Not many trainings, no focus on employees technical and soft skills improvement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for fresh graduate beginner to get some professional experience.
Processes are well organized.
Good team, helpful, international.

Cons: Big company culture - requiring necessary steps to "climb the ladder"
Advice: Would be great to balance taking riskier, less-traditional hires over safe hires.
Pros: Great benefits to employees - care for its people

Cons: Workload is managed poor.
Local managers are not up to the  job.
Advice: Better selection of middle management.
Company culture should be implemented not only on paper
Pros: Great company culture plus financial benefits best in class.

Cons: Sometimes it feels like they own you. Can be stressful.
Advice: Spend more on employee development & empower employees more.
Pros: Great benefits. Challenging work. Well paid. Travel around the world opportunities to other Roche sites.

Cons: At times slow decision-making process. Like any big company, it can get bureaucratic from time to time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great fast paced environment. Good career opportunities if you seek them out.

Cons: Can get a little boring for youngsters
Little bit of politics in a few departments
Advice: The management should promote an open culture.
Pros: Good salary and hike
Friendly people

Cons: Unfortunately phasing out production at the clarecastle site so huge loss to the community
Advice: Find management very approachable
Pros: Good people , Friendly work atmosphere , great pay and bonuses

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to work with that has an environment that allows you to learn and grow. Company offers good benefits and work-life balance too.

Cons: Decision making process can be slow
Advice: Find a new balance between centralization and decentralization
Pros: Development, quality of leaders, total rewards

Cons: Opportunities on innovation challenges and improve different task processes, by letting you apply personal solutions and ideas.
Advice: Communication skills
Pros: Great work enviroment, flexibillity and interesting challenges and opportunities to pursue your professional career

Cons: I don't have anything negative to say.
Advice: Keep up the good job!
Pros: Best company to work for, really focuses on people, patients and environment. I highly recommend working for this company.

Cons: Development of technical skills is hard because is not the main deal of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is not bad, shift flexibility, cheap meals

Cons: IT and business engagement is not yet at its full potential
Advice: None
Pros: Great cause,good working conditions, diversity and inclusion is very visible, big organisation with opportunities to change and grow

Cons: - Decentralized organization model might slow down speed of things
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent Product portfolio & pipeline
- Great organizational culture and work environment 
- Empower employees ideas and drive bottom-up innovation

Cons: It's a global player, depending on the position or department, the exposure for outplacement is very high.
Advice: None
Pros: Top Pharma Company, pay and other benefits are top, provides a great environment to grow professionally.

Cons: Big generation gap
Manager's lame jokes
Advice: Plan better internships. You hire good people willing to do a lot, but without your directions and access to projects you loose promising new employees.
Pros: Friendly environment 
Work life balance

Cons: unpredictable working hours. sometimes hard to manage the balance between your job and your personal life
Advice: None
Pros: They really care about the employees and consider them as valuable assets. Benefits are good

Cons: need more respect for employees
Advice: they need to be honest and i didn't feel valuable when they make some changes in the organization
Pros: the biggest company of this sector, i love working with machines

Cons: Senior Management team is not open to communication
Advice: Should be more open to innovation
Pros: A lot of inclusion and diversity.  They are concern about work and personal life  balance

Cons: Nothing to add. The best employer I've ever had.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is driven by innovation and for those who love learning each and every day, this is the right place to be.

Cons: Disinterest from global company towards HQ in Bucharest (local do whatever they want with no consequence)
Advice: Learn that you have peoples's lives in your hands, not objects.
Pros: potential for development (in theory)

Cons: Situation can be different in local affiliates
Advice: Review working conditions and level of the salaries at the local affiliate level
Pros: International innovative company, with huge amount of possibilities. Best oncological portfolio.

Cons: I haven't found much in two years.
Decision making can be slow
Advice: Keep doing what you do and stay true to your values
Pros: Culture, collaboration is great
Innovation
Management and values
People

Cons: Can't fault the company at all
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone has a voice
Trusted with complex tasks
The company invests a lot in extracurricular activities, which makes it a great place to work

Cons: Some team leaders are very unprofessional, not fit for this job! 
The company is not fair with the employees, they treat them as objects, not as people.
Advice: They should select team leaders more carefully and choose those who place their team's interest before their own personal benefits!
Pros: Benefits are ok, you can select your own package.

Cons: Work life balance is poor.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent team spirit.  The company really encourages you to explore your own development path and assist where they can.

Cons: But admin right and chances to be technical or to learn is very limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Global assigns most of every decision in IT, not much to explore or get lost.

Cons: Too many employees.
Very competitive.
Very tight on working hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Very International, lots of events organised for the employees. 
Good salary, organised management, easy to talk to anyone even top managers.

Cons: Too much focus on politics.
Advice: Start working and stop playing political games.
Pros: Opportunities to develop yourself in a competitive environment (on your own).

Cons: Sometimes slow decision process. But not much here.
Advice: Be close to employees and really empower them.
Pros: Benefits, purpose, colleagues, team work.

Cons: Very difficult to get in if not as contractor
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice company, nice people, nice pipeline and nice infrastructure

Cons: Could be greater engagement between development and commercial.
Advice: More of the same!
Pros: Real focus on people in terms of training, development.  A desire to innovate.

Cons: Decision making is too slow
Many isolated teams working on same initiatives
Decision making responsibility is vague
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company
Focus on people development, genuine interest in people
Great atmosphere within the company

Cons: I have been with the company 10+ years and feel there are honestly no cons.
Advice: A great place to work. Very professional.
Pros: Freedom, great pay and great manager

Cons: I cannor fault it or give it a bad review.
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Great company, really cares about their employees, patients and even the environment.

Cons: Research changes too often; HR business partner only represents manager,
Advice: Really encourage the speak-up culture
Pros: Good benefit and compensation ;  excellent scientis

Cons: Big and complicated corporate environment, sometimes hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great possibilities, culture and people, many interesting projects

Cons: So far I did not find any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good Team Spirit.  Possibility to work independently and to develop.  Nice location.  Friendly people. Interesting topics.

Cons: No specific cons working in roche
Advice: No specific advice to management
Pros: Innovative molecules, strong pipeline, Autonomy to work, opporunity to present to higher managment

Cons: Need more engineers. Very busy
Advice: None
Pros: Good cars package deals etc

Cons: Job cuts every three years.
Services Externalisations and cuts.
Too many competitive colleagues, no team play, gangs.
Good positions are only for bosses friends.
Boring and complex processes, quality controls with no external audits.
There is the idea that everyone can speak up, but you better not.
Advice: Reward true talent, not the sucking up people.
Pros: Decent pay.
Big company.
Half of people are great.

Cons: Insecurity due to the constant changes in the pharmaceutical enviroment
Advice: Need to improve on honest and regular feedback
Pros: Excellent benefits and good salary

Cons: Collaboration among people and teams could be better
Advice: None
Pros: The main positive aspect of working here is the opportunity to grow through continuous training and challenges

Cons: Bad upper management. I wish they had a compass.
Advice: Buy a compass to help you know where you're going.
Pros: Best life work balance. Love the people.

Cons: - No career oportunities
- stuck in your position
Advice: None
Pros: - Stable
- Decent salary
- Life balance

Cons: Hard to progress when one is field based.
Advice: Good management
Pros: Good company value, strong product range, good it supports for field based people.

Cons: Very solid company with solid brand an market share.
Advice: None
Pros: Not experienced with medium to large sized software development projects.

Cons: Designation wise growth is not possible due to small team size
Advice: NA
Pros: Work life balance, Decent salary, Ample opportunity

Cons: too big, not able to speak up, higher management, slow
Advice: None
Pros: dynamics, learning, opportunity, accountable,  innovation

Cons: Difficult to obtain full-time status 
Very competitive to apply for internal roles
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment
Great people
Flexible work environment
On site gym
Excellent benefits and vacation

Cons: Still a long way to go to manage employees out of talent curves
Advice: keep working, be humble, be reachable
Pros: Usual those big pharma benefits

Cons: None cons experienced, in my point of view
Advice: Keep up the great leadership
Pros: Culture
Flexibility 
Country Manager
One always feels valued

Cons: big structure, difficult to develop into senior position being internal
Advice: less politics
Pros: great environment, great people, good benefits

Cons: Management should invest bit more in employee's training.
Advice: Invest on employee training
Pros: Excellent pay, Good work-life balance

Cons: Large, matrixed, complex organizational structure
Advice: None
Pros: Roche has a real sense of purpose and focus on the patient

Cons: no clear processes, need to consolidate a lot of processes
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is good. flexible working to fit around your personal circumstances

Cons: Minimal Career Prospect could be found.
Advice: be considerate to all teams, not just particular teams
Pros: Good Work Life Balance for everyone

Cons: Turnover is very high and this impacts workload
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of research projects and interesting opportunities to develop

Cons: work pressure, procedures, complex org
Advice: more opportunities to the new comers, and weed out the ineffective employees
Pros: Work-Life balance, benefits, above-average salary

Cons: Compensation feels below market value; sites are spread out across Bay Area.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and  intelligent colleagues

Cons: Internal alliances decide about next position, not necessarily a meritocracy
Advice: 
Pros: Career Development, Training, Progression, Compensation

Cons: Need to work late night or early morning depending on the work schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit is very good and working hours are flexible

Cons: Poor Leadership in many functions
Slow moving
Advice: Walk the talk
Pros: Ability to contribute in various areas
Inter-company transfers
Generous travel policies

Cons: no cons so far I think
Advice: continue to leave freedom to people, but centralization is needed
Pros: healthcare industry, multinational, good values

Cons: No insurance, low benefits, big company with multiple steps in taking decision
Advice: Listen of employees
Pros: Amazing culture, good place to work

Cons: Not much career  growth opportunity for out station staffs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and career growth.

Cons: Complex matrix organization  can make decision making slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great employer, purpose driven cultur and employee focused

Cons: None that I have come across
Advice: N/A
Pros: Employees are valued, salaries are good and good working culture.

Cons: too big to change
Advice: make the business process simple
Pros: flexible working time and the salary is good

Cons: not very flexible in terms of working time in lead positions
Advice: None
Pros: excellent company, good opportunities to build a career

Cons: Local culture doesn't match with originals values of the organization
Advice: Be fair and impartial
Pros: Number one in Diagnostics, good benefits

Cons: Very poor management. There are leadership values that look great but mean nothing. HR are very weak and any sign of dissent is strongly discouraged.
Advice: None
Pros: Great job and a lovely group of people to work with. The working conditions are good if you are happy to work long hours.

Cons: there were no cons for me
Advice: None
Pros: - really good salary for an internship
- interesting projects
- good culture

Cons: Hard to remove labels and change positions outside one's domain of expertise
Advice: None
Pros: Endless career opportunities within Roche.

Cons: Within the Budapest SSC the career advancement opportunities are rare.
Advice: None
Pros: Many travel opportunities, mostly related to projects

Cons: Salaries isn't so hihg, as could be for this company
Advice: None
Pros: International company, pducts with the best qualities on the market

Cons: Difficult to learn from other areas
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Time to Learn
Support from team and colleagues

Cons: Consensus driven culture may slow down the decision process
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Great Culture, focusing on People. Strategic and focused

Cons: Crazy management. They just fire someone when employees made small mistakes or delay. They ask new manager to terminate unsuccessful employee without chance for development. All employees are frightened and want to resign.
Advice: Give your employees chance to fix their mistakes.
Pros: Compensation and benefit is better than other competitors. Good office.

Cons: The Project distribution of this company is a bit confusing.
Advice: None
Pros: This company good Compensation & Benefits for its employees.

Cons: Career opportunities, salary reviews, slow paced environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits package, work tools, free coffee :).

Cons: Too many functions while working.
Advice: Improve the functions divisions.
Pros: Confortable environment
Team work in every single task 
Healthy challenges

Cons: Overly complex and slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: great flexible working options in the UK

Cons: Big company with lack of individual development
Advice: nothing
Pros: Good working environment; Equal opportunity

Cons: Conservative middle management holds things back
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable innovation in parts of the company

Cons: not at the cutting edge of research in many areas
Advice: None
Pros: great amount of resources for research.

Cons: same as any big company - too many levels of management etc
Advice: None
Pros: great opportunities within the company

Cons: No clear strategy of the senior management
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work under minimal Supervision

Cons: Sometimes hard to make balance between work and life
Advice: NA
Pros: Company always think of employees

Cons: I don't have any downsides yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche acknowledges personal growth of employees

Cons: None to mention, keep up the good work
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, Patient focused, People the greatest asset

Cons: Bad wrong management, bad culture
Advice: Change middle management
Pros: Money, money, money, money, money

Cons: no cons to share at this point of time
Advice: None
Pros: Good employer, good work-life balance, good benefits

Cons: Sometimes repetitive work
You have to learn everything on your onw
Advice: None
Pros: Perfect work environment
Great involvment for interns

Cons: salary not great
welwyn is bit far
Advice: None
Pros: 1. great people
2. good pragmatic org
3. collaborative people

Cons: Bureaucratic environment, reluctancy to change
Advice: None
Pros: Good values, high level professionals

Cons: the IT organization re-org frequntly
Advice: None
Pros: top 5 company in pharma indurstry

Cons: I've not seen any so far (joined 12 months ago)
Advice: None
Pros: career progression is really good

Cons: patent cliff, environment is too people oriented and not result oriented
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent IT environment, greate pipeline
