Cons: While working there, I saw that the team selling approach was not effective. It's no longer in place. Claims of being "family friendly" and giving employees a "work/life" balance were never put into practice.  HR department not responsive and more concerned with protecting the company interests than a focus on "human resources", and treating employees as such.  Policies were not applied across the board.  Behind the times in expense reporting, CRM databases and CBT, which resulted in inefficiencies.  Training of sales reps lacking in substance.
Advice: Begin truly listening to your employees.  Be consistent.  Practice what you preach.  Ask and answer the tough questions.  What does "family friendly" really mean?  What is a "work/life" balance?  Make your expectations, or definitions of those new "catch phrases" clear to every employee.  Then be willing to listen to feedback objectively.  Consider being a maverick and take a hard look at your HR department.  Perhaps everyone is better served when there is one department looking out for the company and one that is there for employees, and views them as resources.
Pros: Pay and benefits.  Multiple opportunities to stay within the Diagnostics division, in the field as a sales representative.  Incentives for field employees to move to Indianapolis and take other positions in Training, Marketing and other key departments.  Typically paid an average of their sales salary, including bonuses, incentives and commissions, for the first 3? years.

Cons: Corporate bureaucracy is a huge problem. It's like working for the federal government. Roche is so big and there are so many different division and acquisitions, communication is horrible and efficiency is effected. It can take days just to get a simple computer issue solved.
Advice: Lose the arrogance and become more adaptable. Bring the companies tech up to date.
Pros: The pay is good and the company is usually sound. There is opportunity for advancement and you  are clearly expected to gain experience and climb the corporate ladder. "Dead weight" seems to get cut when the inevitable lay-offs occur, which in my experience has been every 3 years or so. As big pharma companies go, Roche is ethical and patient safety is a big issue. 
Work life balance is also encouraged, but I find it ironic that when you drive by late at night or on a weekend, it's not management's Mercedes or BMW's in the parking lot, it's the rank and file.

Cons: The fact that they completely bungled getting Mircera to market, and now Actemra is significantly delayed.  The entire biotech/pharma industry is in for a change with the new presidential administration and congress.  Much uncertainty around the impending Genentech acquisition.  Even though Roche is buying Genentech, it certainly feels like the new organization is going to be more like Genentech than Roche. (Wanting to preserve Genentech culture....moving commercial operations from NJ to Sout San Francisco).
Advice: It was Senior Management that should be held responsible for the mis-steps with Mircera and Actemra.  Take some accountability and candidly acknowledge that you missed the mark.
Pros: Long-term company strategy is on the mark towards personalized medicine.  The company has deep pockets.  The fact that the company is semi-privately held really allows Roche to focus on long-term results.  Roche is in this business for the long-haul, not to appease Wall Street analyst's quarterly expectations.

Cons: Hierarchial, autocratic management in some cases.  Old style command and control behavior which uses power to try to intimidate by keeping people in the dark and off base.  Bureaucratic and slow to move.  It can be very tedious and require a lot of patience to get anything accomplished.  Culturally the company can be very rigid.
Advice: Respect people and treat them as you would like to be treated.  Include people in decision making and be more transparent.  Exercise leadership by example rather than using your position to intimidate.  You will get a lot more out of people that way and the company will benefit.
Pros: Large company with a diversity of opportunities.  International exposure.  Nice coworkers who are, on the whole, capable and dedicated.

Cons: Lower salary than my peers in other companies
Typical large company bureaucracy
Technologically they are behind other companies in support of employee productivity
Advice: Continue to push the performance management and show more courage to remove the barriers for people to perform their best.
Pros: Many interesting projects across all departments in Roche
Good job opportunities globally.  Very good expat opportunities for those who are interested.
Growing company with successful products both in Pharma and Diagnostics.
Global focus on many projects that makes them challenging and interesting at the same time.
Market leader in oncology drug development and sales.  Growing their franchise in RA.
Solid financial position relative to other pharmaceutical companies that should continue in the future.
Relatively good personal working environment at most sites

Cons: We work 12 hours shifts and every other weekend.  So the days get long and I don't like working on the weekends.  Alot of things are based on senority which I think is kind of out of date.
Advice: Don't be afraid of change.  Just because that is what Roche has always done doesn't mean that is how we have to do thinkgs all the time from here on out.
Pros: Management is working hard to get outside business so that we can be self sufficient.  With all that is going on in the world, I am not only thankful to have a job, but thankful to have health insurance and work for a company that is growing, not just surviving or on the downward slide.

Cons: Management hierarchy based on politics on not on ability or merit.  Too many meetings and yet too many groups not coordinated in efforts.  The management does not match the talent of the people who work there.  Cutural divide between headquarters in Basel and other sites.
Advice: Reward talent and results and streamline divisions
Pros: Large company with lots of resources and interesting projects.  Multiple sites and multiple divisions with interesting people working on a variety of problems through discovery and development.  Generally good benefits, pension, and working atmosphere.  Ability to interact with colleagues in multiple countries and ability to potentially have multiple careers within one company.  Ability to attract and review vendors.

Cons: Palo Alto site is closing.  Company is losing plenty of talent due to their Genentech offer.
Advice: It's a pity Roche is giving up the Palo Alto campus site to move to south san francisco.
Pros: Great campus to work at.  Gardens and trees are always maintained.  Good perks such as cafeteria and fitness classes available.   Collegues are friendly and willingly to help anyone when needed.  The company encourages learning by offering seminars and classes to all employees.  It's kind of a semi academic culture, where most everyone is well respected.  Definitely not a cut throat company.  Collegues will offer advice when needed.

Cons: Being an American, it is always difficult working for a company that although it recognizes the US as the largest market for selling its products, does not respect our marketing or marketing research.  Working for this Swiss-German owned company, the US group is treated like a distributor, that because of our size they have to put up with.  When products are not designed to specifications as originally agreed upon, well the rest of the world doesn't need that feature, so why does the US?  If there is a product problem, it is always because the US customer did not use it correctly.  If a launch date is delayed by Germany, it is ok, but if US sales are below plan due to that product not being available, too bad!

As a product manager - middle manager, you had to make every effort to get along with your global counter parts, who at the middle level were decent folks, but had little leverage.  But they might be able to help with back orders or push for one specification over another.  There were a lot of politics and you had to be involved enough to know channels on both sides of the ocean.

Concerning the 300 R& D employees who lost their jobs because their jobs would be hired in Germany - Fishers, IN should raise the taxes that Roche pays locally.  Then Roche laid off 250 more people in 2008 from Indianapolis, many who had been with the company over 15 years.  Tillman made it clear in company townhall meetings that these layoffs were because the company needed more profit out the Indianapolis corporation.
Advice: For now, in the current market, you will keep employees out of fear.  if the plan for 2009 is not met, is it the end for you?  Based on the low market growth, few new products that Roche is offering in 2009, you are running on fear.   Does Roche care about customers or just making the 2009 sales plan?  What legacy are you leaving?  What reputation will customers remember?
Pros: The quality and integrity of the colleagues that you work with.  Many people have been with the company for a long time - look in the parking lot at all of the 25 year signs, this is a tribute to the loyalty to the company.  These people hold knowledge and experience that cannot be replaced with a few weeks of training.
Having the opportunity to work with new and innovative products, to be able to move to different divisions and learn new processes and businesses - was encouraged.  You are able to grow in your position by taking on new projects or moving on to other areas, such as moving between sales and marketing, from service to sales.  People who were achievers in one area were given an opportunity to move to other areas, such as moving from customer service management to technical service management.  The change and diversity of ideas seemed to add positive energy.

Cons: Constant change over the 18 months
Lack of trust in the direction current senior leadership is taking the company
Very top-down driven culture with rules that are changing almost daily
Advice: Slow down a little -  you've got good people, but you are not "really" asking them for input.  Basic change management principles instruct a genuine feeling of ownership is necessary for true buy-in and lasting organizational change.
Pros: Products that help people's lives (you want your family, or family doctor, to use them)
Brand recognition (mostly from pharma and the retail glucose monitors)
Public company with the ability to make long-term investments (a rarity these days)

Cons: As a customer service associate, the job becomes very repetitive when you are on the phone for 8 hours straight.
Advice: I really do not have advice for management, as the only downside is the repetitive nature of the position.  This cannot be fixed, and the selection process must obtain people who are willing to work this type of position.
Pros: Management is very concerned with employee personal and career development.  They take time each month to discuss your career goals, and give you advice on how to reach them.  They also proactively make connections with people in those fields to try and give you exposure.

Cons: Management is down right stupid.  Bad decisions.  They only want profit and don't care about building share.  Bonuses are share based.
Advice: Look at what the competition is doing!!!   TV advertisting is killing us.  Get in touch with what is happening in the market and see what the competition is doing.
Pros: Flexiblity in getting work done.  Good people to work with but senior management is not in touch with realtiy or the market.

Cons: Roche Carolina is in the very small town of Florence, SC.  You have to head out of town to find appropriate social atmosphere for younger generations.
Advice: There probably could be more structure for the coop program.  As always, the experience varied greatly by the direct manager under whom you worked.  My experience doesn't reflect that of some of my peers.
Pros: Very supportive of young engineers that want to learn all aspects of the business.  Provided a great co-op experience overall.

Cons: There are so many changes going on that are creating an uncertain environment at Palo Alto as well as Genetech.
Advice: Reduce the politics and focus on promoting excellence. It seems that the squeaky wheels are getting all the attention and the well oiled wheels are being sidelined.
Pros: Roche is relatively stable for the next few years (no major patent expiration looming), so there is some degree of job security.

Cons: Outside field sales, I think they're lacking in quality in their senior management.
Advice: Not sure.
Pros: If you work at their corporate headquarters, then it's a phenomenal company for which to work; however, outside field sales, I think they're lacking in quality in their senior management.

Cons: No upward mobility. If you are not a member of the EU you are looked down on.
Advice: Senior management are just puppets for the people in Basel. US is viewed as an outsourcing company.
Pros: Good place to be stagnate. If you like doing just operational type of work this is the place for you.

Cons: Isolated corporate headquarters. Rapid growth has lead to some confusion of direction
Advice: Better planning of corporate strategy and rollout of plans.
Pros: opportunity, now under Roche Management, ever changing challenging environment

Cons: It is not a corporate headquarter.
Advice: Your people work hard for you, appreciate them.
Pros: Good pay, hours and time off

Cons: There are no real downsides except the culture shock when moving hear from America where people tend to be more friendly upon first meeting them.
Advice: It would be great to see more women in leadership roles as it does sometimes appear to be somewhat an old boys club.
Pros: Ethical approach.
Meritocratic environment.
Good rewards and recognitiion scheme.
Ability to prgress your career both within the affiliate and globally.

Cons: making a career in Roche is difficult since not talent is the driving force but the number of years working in certain positions
Advice: A lot of people are overqualified for their jobs (e.g. in operations). A lot of resources are wasted on meetings, processes are slow. Company can save a lot of money if they were more efficient and would reward talent and excelent work instead of rewarding being there and just doing your job.
Pros: conditions of employment are fine

Cons: deep management hierarchy,  high profits of company does not lead to high earnings of employees
Advice: there is always a way to make it better
Pros: good working environment (building, resources, etc)

Cons: a little too political, room for advancement is not big
Advice: The setting is a bit too compartmentalized.  We need more freedom in early research.
Pros: good benefit and loyal employees
