Cons: This company is so racist! Pleasanton Santa Clara and San Francisco locations are filled with most Caucasian or Indian people. Even the people in HR are idiots and they don’t hiring many people of color. Once you work for this company you see the favorite within the business group teams. Even the hiring is ridiculous, I’ve been denied multiple times for positions I clearly qualify for and ones that I over qualified for and all they did was deny me. If you’re in the Bay Area and you want to work for Roche you have to be white or Indian or lucky. They have entry level positions on the Eastcoast USA but none on The Westcoast and if they are they’re from grad students. They really need to remodel the whole Bay Area when it comes to staff and employees. I use to really look up to this company and what they stood for until I found out all of this , Now I hate this company and wouldn’t recommend working for a racist organization.
Advice: You all should be fired. You barely know how to do your jobs. The only people you hire are Indian or Caucasian. You show favoritism. Unprofessional and unhealthy people to work with.
Pros: There’s no pros at Roche in Pleasanton Santa Clara and San Francisco CA offices (Maybe San Jose to) The Bay Area in General

Cons: Most of the management in the company is inconsistent (does not share same philosophy, is not streamlined), old fashioned, slow and inefficient processes, slow to make changes happen, and generational gap causes issues at times. Allowing employees to be independent and trusted is rare, work life balance suffers because of this.

Limited options/opportunities to advance
Advice: Trust your employees 
Have realistic expectations of employees 
Align on management styles/philosophy 
Listen to your employees 
Increase Flexibility
Pros: The company has a lot to offer, great benefits and makes you feel comfortable. Great experiences, and many great people to work with! The company does a lot of good in society and makes an impact. Overall, a great company, but depends on who you're managed by and what division you are a part of. A lot of new benefits being implemented, that are meaningful to health.

Cons: Leadership is driving costs down over time which has several unpleasant outcomes -

* as jobs move to other countries, you have more early morning meetings with people in other time zones
* all the entry level jobs are gone
* if your job can be moved somewhere less expensive, it will eventually move

The leadership wants as few people in SSF as possible, and the remaining positions are high paying, but come with high expectations.

People used to always say "it's not Genentech anymore," but it's not the old Roche anymore either. The company has transformed into a very fine-tuned and financially driven machine. It's impressive, but I really miss Genentech.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are really good
Bonuses
Supportive executive leadership
Great campus
Nice gym
Patient focus

Cons: Employees are treated like pawns with no regard to their careers. They are moved about and titles changed during reorganizations without consulting the employee. At one point a manager told me, "Careers are dead. There is no such thing as a career anymore." 
As stated in the Pros the larger companies ideals are sound but the implementation and accountability is lacking.
There is too much concentration power in management. There is top down planning with very little input from those doing the actual work which means long hours.
Advice: Pay attention to your employees career growth. Don't move them about like pawns. Be more forthcoming during reorganizations and allow employees to choose to leave before getting battered about. Do better by incorporating bottom up planning.
Pros: The larger companies ideals are sound.

Cons: Lots of driving (10-15 hours average) and 3-4 nights a week in a hotel (Though this could also be a pro if you  love travel) 
Some labs can be dirty, crowded, cramped and can be difficult scheduling with customers if they want you at an odd time.
Advice: No complaints
Pros: In this position, you set your own schedule based on PMs, upgrades, and other tasks that are shared with Field Engineers.
Great benefits- Car, cell phone, computer, travel points, excellent and inexpensive health/dental and great 401k match
Great people to work with
Lots of tools, documents, training at your disposal to get the job done

Cons: Genentech views Roche diagnostics as nonrelevant. Roche diagnostics middle
Management is a joke and more focused on micromanagement, politics, and territorial bureaucracy. This company continues to promote toxic managers who roll over dedicated employees for the sake of ‘agile’ workflows. Most middle managers are all out for themselves and will backstab you any chance they get to make themselves look better and positioning themselves for any political maneuver.
Advice: Remove toxic leadership who have a record of complaints for employees.  Listen more to those on the front lines and don’t promote based on what gets done but on how they are doing their jobs.  Having extensive collateral damage should not be a sign of agility.   When employees complain or seek help - listen.  And help those move to other opportunities.
Pros: East Bay large pharma/diagnostics company affiliates with Genentech

Cons: Roche sometimes make confusing decisions without explaining why they are to the employees. It is what happens in any large organization but can get frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Core to their belief is believing in patients. Each local site may have different cultures but they all work together to drive Roche's mission. Diagnostics and Pharma divisions are pretty different from one another. I specifically worked at Roche Molecular Solutions, which is made up of three different business units. Each business unit is unique in its own way, with its pros and cons, but it seems like management has a good vision on what they want to do with this

Cons: The Nanopore project in Santa Clara is a highly toxic environment that has led to a lot of infighting and blaming of one another. You are punished if you do not accept the current dogma and any new scientific results that contradict will be repressed. There is no accountability of the projects leading to incentive for most employees to do above the bare minimum to keep their jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable employer, good benefits, and decent COVID19 response

Cons: Nanopore sequencing project in Santa Clara is the most Machiavellian company culture I have ever come across in my career. People constantly bad-mouthing each other behind their backs. No teamwork or cooperation between groups because they are all too busy pointing fingers at each other to actually solve problems that plague the platform. Any new employees that attempt to break through this culture get punished and end up living out the five monkeys experiment.
Advice: I honestly don't know - burn it all down and start over?  Looks like they recently acquired Stratos Genomics - maybe this will work out better.
Pros: Roche keeps pumping money into the nanopore sequencer project.

Cons: Highly political environment where decisions are often top heavy generated. Directors/Sr Functional leaders often are just messengers and don't have much influential power. Not a very diverse company - US Employees have a disadvantage in getting  promoted.
Advice: Walk to the walk on being agile, and empower the line mgrs to make quick/fail fast decision.  Diversity &amp; Inclusion matters - and this starts with local US employees being promoted (i.e. stop just promoting the employees from Europe only to here).
Pros: Many smart people who will create technical solutions. Salary/compensation not highest, but also not much layoffs.

Cons: Managers at all levels act as elitists and are forthcoming about the many decisions made Without individual contributors’ input. Managers attend frequent offsite sessions. The long-standing Cultural Commitments that have served as a cornerstone are being calculatedly retired,
Advice: Leadership raises people at its best. But when not executed properly, the toll on families and psyches is profound.
Pros: Excellent medical benefits and 12% company match to 401k. Accrued vacation up to 200 hrs rolls to next year.

Cons: - Seems that the only way to progress in the company is to jump teams. Its rare to see promotions for people who stay on the same team, only when they move to another team. 
- Pay is much less than similar positions in the area
- Disconnect between upper management and actual workers
Advice: None
Pros: - Things are pretty stable in the company (its not going anywhere)
- Benefits are expansive
- Good work/life balance

Cons: Company culture and moral has really decreased due to some product quality issues. They seem to be doing the right things to make the needed product revisions but they’re going to need to do something drastic to improve the cocksure again as well.
Advice: You’re front line teams are your most valued people - treat them that way.
Pros: Good compensation and benefits. Very innovative company.

Cons: The politics in this organization is worse than any other companies I worked in. Managers downplay each other and team members to show credibility.
Too many useless meetings whereas everyone show the same slides over and over again.
Most of the talent ones have left this company already.
Advice: Cut the middle management and reward the scientist and engineer who did real good work
Pros: The company has good benefit and flexible working hours. 
The science behind nanopore sequencing is interesting and the people are easy to work with in general.

Cons: The recent turnover of high ranking Sr leaders is causing a lot of stress and uncertainty.   I believe it will result in a very different culture and not in a good way.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is a well respected leader in diagnostics.  Awesome benefits!

Cons: Typical large company processes and politics, performance reviews and promotions depend more on networking skills than actual performance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits in addition to compensation, great worldwide travel opportunities if you like to travel - business class for international travel for employees at all levels.

Cons: Slow moving machine, could be more innovative and forward thinking
Advice: Think before you promote people who move around a lot rather with sub par results than those who stay put and produce lasting accomplishments
Pros: Treats people well, invests in development, good work life balance

Cons: Limited growth opportunities, especially, promotions
Advice: Provide growth, including promotions, to older employees, especially above 40 yrs old
Pros: Benefits: 4% 401k matching, $10k educational reimbursement, business class international travel, 1 week off in December

Cons: A culture of passion, integrity and courage is strongly promoted but seldom demonstrated by middle management.
Advice: Be more consistent. Identify the bad and get rid of it. Incentivize the good.
Pros: Compensation is market competitive but insufficient for workload.

Cons: poor performers are allowed to hang on too long
Advice: If people don't do their job, coach them and if it doesn't help, move them on.
Pros: solid company, ethical behavior, work life balance encouraged, mostly good leaders

Cons: Large company matrix can be challenging to figure out, causing unintended silos.
Advice: Simplify processes, keep listening to all levels of organization.
Pros: Truly dedicated to ‘Doing now what patients need next’.  Minimal politics vs others companies.

Cons: The work atmosphere and culture has diminished and is found lacking. The prospects for advancement is centered on nepotistic tendencies.
Advice: None
Pros: The work, products and technology is relevant in the fight against cancer

Cons: a lot of politics, managers are focused on their career instead on company vision
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits,  ability to grow, extremely resourceful

Cons: Frequent massive lay offs. No HR assistance for previous  employees to return.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent products and management. Ultimate dream career and would still be there had division not downsized. Roche is a wonderful company.

Cons: Bureaucracy and management hierarchies make decisions difficult and less transparent. Your site will get closed if it doesn't deliver.
Advice: Try to work on transparency
Pros: Solid pay, great benefits, smart coworkers, scientific frontiers, generally solid work-life balance

Cons: Need more innovation to maintain leader position in market
Advice: Diligently look inside/outside for innovations.
Pros: Great culture, diversity, transparency; many opportunities to learn; great benefits; interesting projects.

Cons: I would prefer to work first shift. Our entire department will be transferred to Costa Rica within the next year and a half.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a wonderful place to work with a competitive salary and excellent benefits.

Cons: leadership policies not consistent,  don't understand certain decision making process.
Advice: More transparencies on decision making.
Pros: Good product,  deep pockets,  nice people, flexible and open career development paths

Cons: Extremely unqualified and inept, lower and mid-level management
Advice: Roche management wants no advice from line employees
Pros: Go od ben e fits and

Cons: Large companies struggle sometimes with true agility, but Roche is changing its ways and improving
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities, takes care of its people, exiting fields, good to work for healthcare that has impact

Cons: management cares more about number then helping and supporting their staff.
Advice: None
Pros: great health insurance, 401K and sick and vacation time

Cons: Being short handed, with lots of work and not enough people to help
Advice: Be friendly, keep employees update to date on changes, be fair.
Pros: Great hours, benefits, vacation, 401k, no weekends.

Cons: Big organizations can be known pivot slowly because of all the moving parts.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a huge organization with great culture. They really care for their people and for their customers.

Cons: No more development no innovation. Very slow/conservative. You have to know someone to advance.
Advice: None
Pros: Indianapolis is a great city. Feels good to contribute to health care, the greater good.

Cons: No synergy between teams. Too much "blame game".
Advice: None
Pros: Overall great individual researchers and scientists.

Cons: A lot of red tape and the global corporation isn't reliable for the longevity of its acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture at a small site, great benefits due to the large corporation

Cons: Too many meetings. Middle management is generally bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with tremendous positive global impact, lots of resources, generous comp. Great scientists, great executive team.

Cons: Hours can be long, but it something the individual has control to manage.
Advice: None
Pros: People are aligned and committed to our vision and mission about helping patients.

Cons: Long development timelines and cross-functional politics.
Advice: Ensure incentives are aligned across functions and that everyone has the same idea of success.
Pros: Health Care, Live/Work balance, Stability, Security.

Cons: Pretty political 
More of an emphasis placed on networking than on performance in order to move up
Very competitive and long hiring process
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Great employee engagement
Very accommodating

Cons: Company culture is vanishing, too much people evolve for bad reasons
Advice: None
Pros: Purpose, good compensation, global experience

Cons: Limited opportunities to grow within the company
Advice: Better focus and Look for internal talents
Pros: Great environment, best benefits and respect for people

Cons: Difficult to get hired on full time. Usually have to work as a contractor first.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, Takes interest in Employee's life, lots of PTO

Cons: I will have to think about this.
Advice: Form and empower teams to be self-managing.
Pros: The patient impact  and the company values.

Cons: I can't find a con in this organization
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent organization with a great technical and social balance, focused on a quality and cost efficient operation

Cons: Slow to move and risk adverse
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about employees and great vision

Cons: Company seems to still be trying to catch up when it comes to resources
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Pay, Secure Job, Growing, Smart Employees

Cons: Will fire people in a heart beat sometimes with no previous warning
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of hours to go around

Cons: Salaries are slightly lower than other companies in the area.
Advice: None
Pros: Management cares about growth and career development.

Cons: Huge company and red tape is a challenge
Advice: Be more customer focused
Pros: Personal Development is a focus, great products

Cons: slow to take decisions, need to be much faster to face competition
Advice: None
Pros: excellent company to work, good packages and a nice culture

Cons: Way too much useless Paperwork
Advice: Keep it up- doing a good job
Pros: Good Benefits- training is really stellar

Cons: Large ship, turns slowly when needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company, marker leader in several areas. Benefits, advancement opportunities.

Cons: Large company and sometimes hard to network in other areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Benefits, great culture and work environment

Cons: unwilling to take appropriate business risks
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, great amenities (gym, wellness center, cafeterias). Great coworkers.

Cons: Competitive, lots of change, large, multi -structure management
Advice: None
Pros: Very driven, intelligent employee base, benefits, openness, everyone has a voice

Cons: The Promotions take long time
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, Work life balance, flexible working hours, nice people

Cons: Corporate politics are undesirable, inability to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, great benefits, good morale

Cons: Not enough diversity in leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people with long lasting career at Roche

Cons: - Corporations like any other one
Advice: None
Pros: - Generous comp
- Good culture
- Care about employees

Cons: Limited development opportunities for field based roles
Advice: None
Pros: Company is growing despite challenges from COVID-19, supportive work environment

Cons: Matrix organization without clearly defined decision makers
Advice: None
Pros: Good organization, cares about people’s professional goals and development

Cons: Indianapolis focused for advancement, need to spend time at HQ
Advice: None
Pros: Vast product line, large company, good benefits

Cons: long hours ago but maybe less now
Advice: None
Pros: Very good place this really good

Cons: bad product, management, and severance pay
Advice: None
Pros: good leadership, management, colleague and perks

Cons: Unbalanced
No room for free time
Intense
Advice: Find balance
Pros: Hard work
Problem solving
Major room for growth
Success at your own pace

Cons: Corporate culture, too much oversight and inefficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit (401k match, insurance,) and career development

Cons: Salaries, no major cons that I can mention
Advice: Stay competitive
Pros: Great culture, supports diversity and is inclusive

Cons: Will be closing the Puerto rico facility.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work in family place.

Cons: Lot of management changes, communication
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, stable, able to learn a lot if you put in the effort

Cons: I do not have any cons to provide.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership transparency, career development opportunities, global access

Cons: Not much to list here
Advice: None
Pros: Part of a phenomenal team. Opportunities for growth are plenty.

Cons: Work life balance is a little difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Good Health Benefits and great opportunities for career growth.

Cons: Very political with too many levels of management
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and development opportunities

Cons: Slow decision making due to company size
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to extend network, dedicated people

Cons: Management is either hot or cold
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, salary, culture, work life balance

Cons: decent pay (not great), work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: awesome environment, awesome management, great work experience

Cons: Hard to compete with non-pharma companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome, smart colleagues that care about each other.

Cons: No opportunities for growth, promotions are reserved for specific teams
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of independence, diverse work force

Cons: I have none for the company
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Culture, Great environment to work

Cons: Constant change in Upper Management
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good health insurance

Cons: Low salary for area, limited opportunities for career advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, good benefits, interesting projects

Cons: Overnight travel can interfere with family
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are incredible and unmatched!

Cons: Lots of work for everyone gets stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Well established global company with potential for upward mobility

Cons: I cannot think of any right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good company to work with

Cons: Not really considerable cons that I have seen
Advice: None
Pros: Very good organization and management

Cons: Really low quality team. Extremely bland and slow.
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, low stress, global project

Cons: Not enough support for all roles
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and culturally appropriate

Cons: Complex organization with many transformations
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate, People and Science first culture

Cons: Takes a long time to be promoted
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, cultural beliefs, work life balance

Cons: Bad leadership 
Difficult job
Difficult customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay
Great Benefits 
Remote
Laid back
Most holidays off

Cons: Too much travel. Micro management
Advice: Stop micromanaging
Pros: Fair company to work for

Cons: Company doesn’t retain talent. It’s a Revolving door
Advice: None
Pros: Provided Prompt feedback after the interview

Cons: Lay Offs. Limited Role &amp; Advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional and Organized. Great Science. Great People

Cons: Too many meeting, less flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, Growth opportunities, International work opportunities

Cons: Limited space for growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good personal and work balance

Cons: Senior leaders are in the weeds
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and pay are good

Cons: No cons at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at this time.

Cons: global hrs makes it less flexible
Advice: None
Pros: company mission has great societal impact

Cons: lots of paperwork is required
Advice: None
Pros: pay and benefits are good

Cons: poor management and middle management
Advice: None
Pros: worklife, vacation, pto, benefits, people

Cons: Closed down, no benefits etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Room for growth, good hours.

Cons: No upward mobility within department
Advice: None
Pros: Good ppl and good company valuez

Cons: Reorg most of the time
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with locations worldwide

Cons: Have nothing negative to say.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Upward mobility can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, vacation time, great colleagues

Cons: Disorganized management, noisy workspace
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for health. Voluteer opportunites.

Cons: nothing to complain really here
Advice: None
Pros: it was pretty good experience

Cons: Can be hectic, confusing documentation.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, great opportunities, rewarding work.

Cons: no challenges for career development
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance was good

Cons: People spend a lot of time talking in circles in meetings, get to the end, panic and try to fit in 1 hour of "meaningful" discussion and assigning actions into 5 minutes, and repeat every fortnight. Nobody actually does anything but are always busy! 

Productivity is much lower than it should be; very little self-motivation and use of initiative (gets overlooked by managers who are concerned with their own career progression more than anything else).

The only pharma I know without a guaranteed flexible working policy. You're expected to be in the office in this dull town unless you have a specific reason agreed with your line manager beforehand - no working from home.

Lots of bureaucracy hindering change and complex processes required to navigate simple tasks but that is the same in every large company.

Very little opportunity for progression; excellent opportunities for personal development but it will mean nothing unless you are one of the chosen few (largely under-qualified folk who "look" the part). 

You will be constantly overlooked if you want to move up within the company.
My advice is to get the Roche name on your CV and leave for greener pastures.
Advice: Practice what you preach when pledging diverse backgrounds and expertise for roles. You don't always have to look outside.
Get rid of the people who aren't contributing any value. You know who they are and you let them get away with it.
Pros: Okay salary, good benefits, good employee events, excellent pipeline and the right ethos. A lot of people say the right things and possibly even mean them.

Cons: - The decentralized decision making also birthed a plethora of systems that do not connect to each other, causing many process inefficiencies, confusion and complexity. It also slows down implementation of company-wide initiatives as it requires all or many stakeholders to agree and accept it first. I guess there are pros and cons to centralize vs decentralized anyway, so I can live with that.
- Regional or country leadership positions require international experience due to the global-connectivity of the company. Therefore, people with mobility restrictions are stagnated.
Advice: None
Pros: - The company truly walks the talk in all decision-making to put patients first ALWAYS, it is NOT just some PR stunt. We feel truly connected to that noble purpose, and it trickles down to our daily work as well. It really helps us refocus on patients to get us through even mundane or bad days. With the strong emphasis on patients, it almost feels like I am working for a social enterprise.
- The company is also very kind, compassionate, people-oriented and caring. That care is especially apparent during this Covid-19 pandemic. Simply unparalleled care and concern, that I feel so touched.
- Decision making is decentralized, hence there is a lot empowerment and room for small countries or small teams to innovate their own ideas in their own territories.
- It is also a truly global company without borders where anyone anywhere can participate and contribute to any project regardless of location.

Cons: - is currently in a Transformation process towards agility but especially senior management mindset has not shifted (pseudo empowerment that leads to a situation where nobody knows who makes decisions) 
- Global HQ has a strong culture with strong talent while Roche Germany (Grenzach) is more an old school command &amp; control culture
- While diversity is high on the agenda (which is good), it seems to be solely focused on gender rather than different cultural backrounds (e.g. Emerging markets) and very much shaped around a single minded US/Genentech culture that does not feel very diverse
Advice: - Either delegate or have clear governance &amp; decision making. Some governance has been take out to drive decision making but the old command &amp; control mindset has maintained. That creates a dysfunctional organisation that does not allow people to drive decision making and move things forward
- Take diversity serious and go beyond focusing it on gender only. The typical Senior Management backround is US/Genentech (hardly anyone from Emerging Markets and other industries) and that does not create truly diverse thinking
Pros: - Good compensation
- Strong culture with a good balance between performance and people focus
- Strong talent 
- Strong pipeline

Cons: - Because of the regulatory and quality standards and processes that need to be followed, it often feels like things take much longer to develop, improve/innovate, and approve
- Process-driven; still feels like the company is not too tech-savvy, apart from maybe a few divisions in the US
- Hierarchical; obviously this depends on your area of work/team but generally a lot of more senior employees have been around for 20-30 years and are not keen to change how things are done
Advice: None
Pros: - The culture at work is fantastic compared to any other company I've worked for; teams are generally very collaborative and international teamwork is encouraged 
- The company encourages international and secondment experiences and makes it quite easy for people to move around different offices in the world and/or teams - even across Pharma and Diagnostics
- If you have a scientific background, you can find your niche and an area that you're truly passionate about and use your expertise in a real-life way
- The brand is very well respected and recognised
- The quality standards are extremely high

Cons: It´s officially a Swiss company but it´s actually run out of California. It´s hard to get promoted beyond Director unless you base yourself there or are happy to spend 12 weeks a year on a plan to San Francisco.
It´s also a terribly opaque organisation, which makes it difficult to know where you are in your career or plot a way upward. 
This is going to get worse with the pursuit of agile ideology that is being sold like a pox vaccine to large enterprises by management consultants and leads to organizational restructurings according to agile principles and use of agile newspeak in work areas for which agile isn´t designed (and harmful, i.e. everything outside software management).
Advice: Stop it with the social engineering attempts and woke ideologies. Keep that junk in California.  Most employees (at least outside California) come to work to earn a living, not be lectured on ethics or showered with Ersatz-religious platitudes that entitle "crybullying" and search for offense to be taken to further personal agendas.
Pros: The only option in Basel

Cons: Recently willing to let a lot of experience and talent walk out of the door, in one several restructures in the past few years. In many cases, it seemed those who didn't shout the loudest and self-promote well enough lost out. 

Transformation has in some areas created a leadership vacuum, and 'bold' decisions have sometimes bordered on 'reckless'. In the short-term this could mean some turbulence.

Chances to progress are limited unless you want to 'go global'
Advice: Live the values you preach. Give meaningful feedback. Understand what you are transforming. Embrace accountability. Be prepared to lead by example and make transformation much more than just the latest buzz-word. Do not keep asking for the same old things we are being told to leave behind.
Pros: Some really good people, and some really good things about the culture. Trying to transform and become a modern 'teal' company.

Theoretically, everyone is empowered to 'lead from every seat'

Cons: Its sad to see such great Company have weak and extremely bad management.  Weak HR and despite all could be avenue for staff to voice up does not work. Global just simply leave it to region to resolve. Region will just cover up. Staff who are make redundant realised after departure  most of job junction got passed around the office. When current staff protest the job scope was considered for outsourcing. Its seems no evaluation was done and its not due to losses. Some staff gets away with rude behaviours and creates very toxic environment.
Advice: Global to note and understand if staff highlight issues - do your own investigation. If its left to Region, alot of issues may be glossed over.
Read the reviews not only from me but others on promotion etc. How staff felt promotion is not based on hard work but how it benefits certain people.
Pros: Good medical benefits and  good branding

Cons: The outcome of your employment is only based on the team/department you join. There are extreme political games within the company. Even they happen mostly on higher level, your job can be easily affected by this (e.g.HR as a support function is involved very much). If you join a stable team, have a good manager, you are lucky and can even plan a great career. Of course you need to be well-connected as well, but that goes for all multinational companies. Self-branding is a must to succeed.
Advice: Avoid Involving non managers into politics. If they are affected, you should at least protect them.
Pros: Stable company, average salary, great opportunities to continue career abroad.

Cons: Each manager I had at Roche was a good individual contributor, often a leader among peers, but a terrible at managing people. Roche has a tendency to promote people who deliver results and view management as a way to give a career path for top performers, instead of carefully considering management roles for people who have skills for the role. This is likely common in most industries, but I found middle managers at Roche to be obsessed with their own personal career ambitions as opposed to being considerate of those of their team. Some were boldly two-faced, showing their best side to their peers and superiors and worst to the team below, and often the only forum to account for this is the 2-year GEOS survey. But often middle managers fire employees to game their own management ranking, which has the added effect of ensuring subordination of those who remain on the team. That said Roche is extremely progressive in their HR policies, I would not be surprised to see them calibrate this over time, and Roche also offers phenomenal leadership development programs and continuing education to help build soft skills. The problem is the self-centered middle managers who are only thinking about their next career step, and a lack of opportunities for candid manager feedback outside of GEOS. Pay is also considerably lower than the market rate in the industry, but career opportunities and benefits are top-notch.
Advice: Consider end-of-year reviews where teams evaluate their manager as well. What I found is that managers are gaming the 2-year GEOS survey where they weed out the ones who are likely to give them low marks and justify it by any means possible, then fake like they care about the team in the lead-up to the survey. Instituting an annual 360 check of the manager, or even biannual, could force those self-centered managers to focus on team needs more consistently.
Pros: Great senior leadership, fantastic colleagues &amp; peers, excellent patient-focused mission, outstanding reputation in the field. Working at Roche will open a lot of doors beyond given the brand and threshold required to gain employment. Everyone in Dia wants to work at Roche, so when jobs become available you're competing against the best of the best.

Cons: The managing style is highly hierarchical. The manager not necessary are very aware of the state of the art techniques ( even not familiar with the field), yet they would micro-manage every step of you. 
Lack of knowledge even on very basic practices in domains such as computer science, machine learning, or data science.  


Minor:
There is a mismatch between what is advertised on their web page, and what they would offer you in reality. 
As an engineer, you are not equipped with high-end laptops. 
You are not going to have an workstation or a stationary desk at work (only a laptop).  
As a temporary employee, you have no new year bonus or any benefit as a permanent employee. 
If you are not an EU citizen you will mainly get an L permit to work in Switzerland for a temporary position which is not a good permit.
Advice: None
Pros: you could work remotely ( once or two times a week), and you could have a balance between life and work.

Cons: - The payment is way bellow average for swiss standards on internship salaries.
- No career development nor support from any department to get a job after the internship is over (in any department). You can network and work as hard as you want, the response is usually: "we have a lot of applicants which will have more experience than you, so even if you worked for us, chances are you will not get the job".
- Pride themselves on culture and values, but there are no mechanisms to ensure there is no discrimination in the workplace beyond the percentages of hires they use for marketing.
Advice: None
Pros: You get paid as a student and get work experience.

Cons: The HR Talent management is absolutely awful. There are no career developments supported by HR, there are constant re-organisation where you are obsolete from one day to the other, applying to new internal positions takes months. With the moto that your development is your own responsibility, you have to do everything by yourself without professional support.
Advice: Your people is your first asset... live it in addition to have it to your commitments
Pros: This is a great company, with opportunity to do almost everything which is possible in the industry. A very flexible and engaging work mindset, wonderful facilities, great colleagues.

Cons: 1. make sure u can survive 
2. how? suck up to manager, avoid mistakes (extra careful in anything that you do)
3. else, be ready to be kick out of the door (they have their methods)
4. if you wanna climb up fast, u need to know people and have visibility. Communication, networking, and social skills are an asset here.
Advice: Roche have many core values,  motto etc. Make sure your people practice it, else they are all for show only.
Pros: 1. free breakfast
2. many benefits - epf, flex, sports activities, insurance etc

Cons: Roche has grown from many acquisitions and always preserved innovation. Downside is a very strong and sometimes counterproductive complexity and decentralisation. Stakeholder management is a full time job. However this is recognised and on the way for change.
Advice: Reward behaviors: truly authentic leaders, authentic diversity of thinking, and agility.
Pros: Roche is all about patients and science, and that makes a huge difference to many. Number one in sustainable development for a decade, and it's focus on people, culture, and agility has been remarkable over the past years. Roche prepared his leadership for VUCA and this helped a lot in 2020.

Cons: The company keeps reinventing for the last 5 years. Till date they dont have a standard business model. They pay high, only because they will not get well informed candidates. The sell employees to Indian companies along with their products. Arrogant MD and HR is a team of poisonous attitude. This year they made the highest redundancy in the name of getting closer to patients, but went away from its own employees. Many were affected in pandemic and as a company which claims so much standards, should have not done this.
Advice: Keep your foot clear and focus on external customers rather than writing theses about business models with cluster heads, who dont see day light.
Pros: Salary, policies, office ambience, learning opportunities

Cons: - not very agile - same as many large companies
- Slow recruitment processes
Advice: - communicate more and earlier
- standardize things, much especially regarding training and career development is depending to much on you managers goodwill
Pros: - fair company to employers
- good benefits
- CSR is really in scope
- good working climate, "Du-Kultur"
- work-life-balance can or can not be good - you are responsible
- career opportunities generally very good - however you are responsible and you need your manager to support you aspirations
- managers can or can not be good, same as everywhere

Cons: Management doesn't address the things that are not right or going wrong. They don't say anything to the senior staff within your team that demoralize and patronize you because they are afraid the senior staff will leave the team and take all the knowledge with them leaving the department in a bad place. Poor training structure and no support. HR are not helpful either and don't take complaints about managers seriously. They always side with the managers over everything. 
One rule for person and another rule someone else. No consistency.
Advice: Take complaints about managers seriously and stop letting them get away with everything. Do not tolerate bullying as it leaves people scarred mentally for life.
Pros: Overall package and benefits are competitive

Cons: We are in the middle of a culture transformation and the culture is still conservative there are pockets of true agile culture but still not enough. Resistance to change and innovation, slow decision making processes, Not enough strong and bold vision. Too much politics and not enough action
Advice: Reinforce the culture change and also let go those leaders that resist and create bad environment in their organizations this has a huge impact on the agile transformation. Stop talking about agile mindset and start Doing Agile
Pros: Flexible working times, career development opportunities and good benefits

Cons: A lot of meetings, no time for work.
Advice: Please guys, let people do their job. Meetings are important, but the ratio between meetings and job is really not ok.
Pros: They treat you like an asset, not as a resource. Your manager will do a lot to make you feel good at the office. After some time your team becomes your second family. Good salary and support.

Cons: If your manager is weak, not much you can do to progress. HR is relatively passive in the Basel site if anything does come up that could be solved by the right level of intervention.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. The benefit is above the market. The core culture is Roche is amazing but getting harder and harder to find. Most people are very smart and dedicated that makes it a pleasure to go work. I will recommend anyone to give it a try!

Cons: - change sometimes only use buzzwords without addressing the goal of transformation or substantially change for the better 
- to increase salary or functional classes its sometimes better to switch companies for a while...
Advice: - motivate the committed, inspired and entrepreneurial employees, reduce further the middle management buffers  to increase agility
Pros: - Opportunities to evolve in different functions and to work globally as well as a learning support
- In general a open culture to share learning and to support each other

Cons: Consistently looking to improve/reorganise gets fatiguing
Advice: Wanting to improve and get better is great but it is hard to know where we are and where we want to go if we are changing all of the time
Pros: Work life balance is great! You are at the cutting edge of Pharma research and development. They really look after you and you feel that you are part of a strong and supportive community

Cons: Typical MNC requires plenty of showmanship and act according to perceptions of others.
Advice: One should be wise enough to see beyond mere showmanship &amp; perception. To keep the company culture genuine and transparent would be the way forward to truly stand out as the most innovative healthcare company. Appreciate creativity and recognize being different has its value.
Pros: Remuneration &amp; benefits are relatively better, e.g., base pay, incentive, birthday bonus, insurance coverage &amp; etc.

Cons: Roche is not a top down company. Decision making and mobilising things involve many stakeholders. Managing stakeholders can be challenging.
Advice: Keep on the current strategy and continue to cultivate the culture.
Pros: Roche is a people company which cares about the employees. Employees have strong purpose with their work. Here you can work with many excellent people. The company provides many career opportunities in the worldwide organizations.

Cons: There is a risk of becoming redundant in case of restructuring or closing projects (as in all major industries)
Advice: Keep communicating and being open with your employees regarding the future or projects
Pros: Great company to work for, team spirit, possibility to move across departments as well as getting promotions, flexible office (working from home 2-3 days a week), good salary/benefits package.

Cons: Reduced operational human resources more than necessary, boned and in possession of a core decision-making body of employment and opportunities
Advice: I lay off managers who have been in the same position for more than 3 years or on the same career path for 5 years.
Pros: Awareness, great product portfolio, professional satisfaction, high bonus, contributing to individual and professional development.

Cons: -Constant restructuring which seems to be driven around what the hottest management trend/flavour of the month
-Feels like change for the sake of change 
-Absent leadership
Advice: -Focus more on the steak vs the sizzle. Doing things right vs. doing things differently has merit.
Pros: -Long term perspective on innovation. 
-Significant global investment in R&amp;D. 
-Amazing global senior leaders
-Amazing office facilities (gym/cafeteria etc).

Cons: As a growing site, there are still processes that needs to be develop to deliver exceptional value to our business and our patients.
Advice: Continue to listen and engage with us.
Pros: Senior leaders who listen, engage and grow the site by cultivating different platforms for growth opportunities. Helpful colleagues both within the site as well as across the globe who are always willing to lend a hand when needed.

Cons: Company culture, Restructuring in every 2-3 years as Company works on very short term strategy of 2-3 years (If that way of working can even be termed as strategy), No long term vision, Many Instances of Senior management being fired &amp; asked to leave immediately. Continuous Degrowth in business in last 5-6 years, Lack of intent, focus &amp; seriousness by Management to grow business which impacts people at lower level during restructuring. Not a company to work if you are hired at junior &amp; mid level management.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance (atleast for senior management as they come by 10.30-11am &amp; leave by 4-4.30pm)

Cons: New leadership came in which included BIG ego's. After that many people (and very good people at that!) left and the business went downhill.
Advice: The Leadership of an organization can make or break a well functioning team of people! You can't blame the people when you put a rotten egg at the top!
Pros: When there were great leaders the business was great and everyone was motivated to their best.

Cons: Sometimes politics can get in the way
Advice: Try to take care of your contract employees and keep them in the loop near the end of their contracts as opposed to bringing it down to the wire.
Pros: Great culture, empowers employees to take ownership of their work. I love working with friendly, collaborative and passionate people. The flexibility is a bonus.

Cons: It rarely pays over the market, so I suppose you can earn more elsewhere, especially if you're ready give other things up.
Advice: Make Roche Tesla of healthcare (i.e. make sure ~40% of your staff are engineers).
Pros: A very R&amp;D oriented company. Great working environment and company culture. And at the end of the day you save people lives there, not sell candies.

Cons: Product itself is competitive advantages in Roche, but a good management system is also a key factor to company's sustainable growth.
Advice: Be open to encourage shiny and brilliant ideas to truly implement  authorization/ empowerment.
Pros: 1. World fortune 500 company.
2. Very specialized in innovation, research and development.
3. Products are with good quality.
4. Good company welfare.

Cons: With such a big company, it can be difficult to know who might already be working on what - so there can be a risk of work duplication. This is something we're aiming to change but we're not quite there yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative culture, passionate colleagues who clearly care about patients, and lots of opportunities within the organisation

Cons: The culture of a team can greatly differ from manager to manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative environment, support for career development, competitive compensation, work-life balance. All of these things make the day-to-day enjoyable. The values, mission, innovation, and culture, however... this is what makes the day-to-day purposeful and fulfilling. Not just a company, but a healthcare partner.

Cons: Interview process has become a nightmare over last few years. Interview questions long complicated and confusing. Prevents new talent joining and current employees moving departments and progressing thus only option is to leave. Please review no other blue chip interview process is so demanding.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, location and benefits

Cons: Perhaps, for entry levels trainees - in specifics functions - there are few chances to stay longer than 1 year.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company. They focus on your growth, educations and learning. They care for your well-being. It is a very flexible company with great people and cultural values!

Cons: size 
culture
structure
decentralization
brand 
used to convey that a fact or situation demonstrates the truth of one's theory or claim, especially to mark the conclusion of a formal proof.
Advice: None
Pros: Loyalty 
culture 
size
decentralization
power
"people"
used to convey that a fact or situation demonstrates the truth of one's theory or claim, especially to mark the conclusion of a formal proof.

Cons: - like any large pharma company, decisions take some time to be actioned/made
Advice: None
Pros: - encouraged to keep a healthy work/life balance
- great benefits and overall package
- Flexibility to pick working hours and remote working
- Stimulating and invigorating work
- Fun projects, the management structure empowers you to make decisions and take ownership

Cons: Unstable and uncertainty. Transformation of organisation in every two year is major concern.
Advice: People want stability and which is not in Roche  India so please look into that.
Pros: Best culture and lots of opportunity to leran new different things to build up capabilities and competencies.

Cons: People can be too comfortable there
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom and encouragement to upskill and challenge your self, the possibility to work on great projects, the clear communication of what projects are ongoing, what cool science is being done and their progress. The pay and the flexitime (and all time is recorded)

Cons: Not the best payers, can have too much self-belief and come across as arrogant.
Advice: Other companies also have great drugs and great portfolios; may be time to be a bit more circumspect and respect the competition
Pros: Amazing drugs, great portfolio, relaxed atmosphere as pharma companies go.. Some really great people.

Cons: everyone is a newbie unless you have more than 10 years inside Roche.
Advice: don;t hire people to help you change then constrain them to 'fit in' to the culture and overly consensual, risk avoiding way to work
Pros: great pipeline, locations, work/life balance, caring for employees

Cons: Short-Term leadership vision causes most of the issues in the work environment
Advice: Is needed to hire people managers, especially in n-1 above, with long-term vision so that company can achieve goals without impacting employees every year.
Pros: Benefits, Training, Facilities, Technology, Purpose

Cons: Agility hasn't spread through whole organisation; leadership still deeply conservative; occasionally ruthless in getting rid of employees.
Advice: None
Pros: High pay, good conditions, friendly culture, great products and pipeline, and where divisions have become more agile, increasingly dynamic and efficient to work in.

Cons: No cons, however there are always space to improve
Advice: keep up the great management and people care, life balance, that really make difference to employee lives!
Pros: Really make the difference on people and employee lives using their values of "Doing now what patients need next"

Cons: Bad management, office politics very rampant
Advice: GEOS survey, Speak up at Roche is just a sham if Global do not take staff feedback more seriously. Problem is with region yet any complains and or feedback is left to Region. They just cover up and claim investigation done. Moreover culprits are senior management, politican EA n admin asst n worst HRBP who enabled all the politics.
Pros: Overrall good staff benefits compatible with similar industry

Cons: Though it is an international company, Main language is German in the Penzberg site- Not so good for an international assignee as most site communication and meetings are held in German.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to
Work for with good benefits

Cons: Very difficult to grow on the company for young employees. The age seems to be a significant variable for growing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great social beneffits: helathcare insurance, paid lunch, free coffee, trainings, home office, doctor at the company, flexibility etc...
Very good working environment

Cons: Collaboration across countries could be better, more agiity would make the place go from good to great
Advice: Focus on the future real needs of the patient !
Pros: Wonderful people, down-to-earth ways of working, agile mindset, very people-focused and empathetic leadership

Cons: - can’t fault it so far
Advice: None
Pros: - interesting, relevant work 
- great collaboration 
- organised (and still feels somewhat like a family), quite amazing for the size of the company 
- work life balance 
- everyone has been welcoming and nice

Cons: Politics at all level ( probably present by default in all big corporations)
Advice: Focus on people quality- not only ‘theater‘ skills but real competences and human dimension of each individual...
Pros: Reputable, excellent reference for further movements, company loyalty culture

Cons: Chasing dreams may require a personal decision for relocation in order to take Full advantage of available opportunities but this also brings personal growth experience
Advice: None
Pros: A great innovative space to work in within Pharmaceutical industry

Cons: Lots of good words, but the actions don't match.
Advice: Start putting the words into action and really empower your people to lead the change.
Pros: Great colleagues, lovely office and good benefits

Cons: Large regulated company means slow to react to changes in market
Advice: None
Pros: Really great company. Exciting pipeline. Great team morale. Managers and directors are accessible.

Cons: Very political (HQ level) and navigation expertise is required
Advice: Chose people based on their expertise and behavior,  not based on their connections
Pros: Care for their people and empower them to learn and grow

Cons: Processes must be created and followed, but new managers don't seem to understand the work that needs to be done, nor do they want to learn from tenured employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, positive work environment, management support

Cons: Relatively slow on promotion; some team leaders have poor leadership skills
Advice: Need to improve the leadership skills of some team leaders
Pros: Good company culture, promotes diversity &amp; inclusion work environment, good beneftis

Cons: Complex, decentralized, SMEs as Leaders who aren't skilled at leading.
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive, empowering, exciting, challenging. Ideal place to grow your career and work to a higher purpose of improving and helping patients.

Cons: Internal politics and power fights. Transformation has led to instability in the workplace
Advice: Stay faithful to the core company values and don’t jump on any latest consultancy hipe
Pros: Innovation, high caliber professionals, flexible working environment

Cons: stringent policies, no CSR's, no relaxation to employee interms of work
Advice: Please start hiring CSR's which helps alot in building business
Pros: good Work, great learning, suggested place for freshers

Cons: Politics, company values are only for show, damned if you express your opinion and is different to management’s
Advice: Stop pretending and start walking the walk
Pros: Work life balance, good pay, freedom

Cons: Nothing to say against working here
Advice: None
Pros: - Top notch training and capacity development plans
- Supports employees to be excellent
- Continuous commitment to delivering quality products and services

Cons: - it is VERY inefficient process to deal with low performers
Advice: None
Pros: - you work with smart people and people care about what they do
- top management seems to be competent
- mature organization

Cons: Compensation in general depends at what level you joined and if you have a sponsor who would like to promote you and uplift your career
Advice: None
Pros: Offers Good work life balance.

Cons: flat structure, difficult to move up the ladder. Although it looks like this may have improved since my time there.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, great people, great pipeline.
Flexibility.

Cons: some common cons of big pharma company - a bit more hierarchical etc
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting drug discovery and dynamic environments, very competitive salary and bonus

Cons: Sometimes feels even too big, organization changes quickly. sometimes it gives a sense of disorientation
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Team work mindset, work life balance very important. Patient driven culture

Cons: There are no drawbacks or limiting factors for me at Roche
Advice: Sustain the 3 core values of Roche
Pros: One of the best workplace in terms of values, transparency and culture.

Cons: - processes were a bit slow due to COVID-19
- summer students never got to come into the office
Advice: None
Pros: - friendly management
- Roche days
- get to learn about the industry

Cons: no recognition and reward to staff on deserving achievement/ result/ incentive. advancement prospects is weak, can't go far beyond job scope.
Advice: None
Pros: friendly environment.
technology facilities is good.

Cons: none that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, unlimited home office, quality IT equipment, friendly colleagues and managers, extra vacation days,yearly bonus

Cons: hypocrisy, people hired based on who they know, not what their abilities and skills
Advice: None
Pros: nothing except some nice products

Cons: - Poor opportunities to get promotions in the group
Advice: Remove hierarchy
Pros: - Highly paid for the positions below managers good complementary benefits
- Chance for the international move

Cons: Small scale local manufacturing is needed
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, passionate people, well maintained culture. Lots of talent, the brand is a door opener.

Cons: too cost oriented and lack of development for local people
Advice: Need to unleash local talent and focus to real situation and solution.
Pros: Great Products portfolio, Great Scientist support

Cons: Very Big,  Can be difficult to have an impact, Silos, Regular Restructures
Advice: None
Pros: Great People, Lots of Opportunity, Truly Global, Moving towards Agile, Flexible Working, People are Inportant

Cons: Needs more diversity to continue to attract talent
Advice: Really pursue Diversity and attracting young talent
Pros: Benefits are some of the best in industry

Cons: Campus a bit remote in between Zurich and Lucerne
Advice: None
Pros: Purpose &amp; Meaningful place to work / Good Benefits / International Site / Great People / Beautiful Campus /

Cons: Quite a vertical organisation and many silos
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture and people. Very exciting projects and an amazing place to learn from different areas

Cons: Even the company is very concern about the people wellnes, the workload is very high and stressfull
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work . Very insightful and with a clear objective

Cons: Sometimes it was hard for my colleagues to find enough time to teach interns
Advice: None
Pros: Great communication, friendly atmosphere, room to learn and integrate with colleagues

Cons: Some processes are slow and burocratic
Advice: Try to correspond declared agility with the reality in local affiliates
Pros: Amazing products
Caring for employees
Developing people

Cons: I did not have anything to complain
Advice: Some managers need to be trained on being a good leader
Pros: High quality systems and tools. 
Nice office environment

Cons: Leadership team are immature and bias.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexi work arrangement, good benefits.

Cons: it is a  large complex organization and can add a lot of challenges due to the decentralized approach
Advice: None
Pros: great culture and vast opportunities to grow

Cons: Very progressive, successful, resourceful, talent developing and strong career advancement organization.
Advice: Exceptional place to be
Pros: Roche Pharmaceutical Company is one of the best companies to work in.

Cons: Some long processes in decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting Job, great network, part of development, decision making on your own, influencing, be part of something great

Cons: Payment for executives may not be as competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Great management team
Fantastic benefits
Plenty of learning opportunities
Patient focused
Agile environment encouraging  New Ways of Working

Cons: Quite top heavy and so difficult path to promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture and fantastic colleagues. Great benefits and working environment. I feel very empowered

Cons: Workload can be challenging at times
Advice: Continue selecting the best of the best.
Pros: Culture, Benefits, Purpose, Always providing benefit to patients

Cons: A lot of guideline and SOP to ensure the best possible benefit for patients
Advice: None
Pros: Team-work
Professional
Creativity
Flexibility of company rule
Focus on patient

Cons: es ist schwer eine neue Porósition ergreifen zu können
Advice: None
Pros: Es gibt sehr viele Projekte in dem man teilnehmen kann, gutes work-life balance

Cons: Not taking on board staff feedback
Advice: There is one person in senior management who lets the entire organisation down
Pros: Great work environment, autonomy, great products

Cons: Not stable lately and lot of redundant positions. There is no opportunities for a career
Advice: None
Pros: Good history of a successful and sustainable company

Cons: Structure is complex and it's difficult to understand roles and responsabilities
Advice: None
Pros: Empowerment, family values, respect, work-life balance, friendly and open culture

Cons: very result driven and less risk adoption when employee step into a new area
Advice: None
Pros: Good platform for young talent development

Cons: Majority are hire contract staff
Advice: None
Pros: Nice and clean environment to work and colleagues are friendly to work with.

Cons: - Disorientation in policy and scheme
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible working
- Very good culture in workplace
- Give benefit to employee
- Focus on patient benefit

Cons: Big company lot of processes and structure in place
Advice: nones
Pros: Research, Corporate values, Work life balance, Security, People

Cons: Data administration called as HR. Compensation should be higher to feel the employees are really valued.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working time, home office, benefits

Cons: Sometimes a bit confusing to understand how to get stuff done
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and culture. Good rewards &amp; compensation scheme.

Cons: It is massive Organisation so not for the people looking for connecting at deeper level to their coworkers
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities, great procedures

Cons: Can sometimes be complex to navigate in such a large decentralized organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Global collaboration and career opportunities to improve healthcare.

Cons: Long working hours and workload due to a lean structure
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing HR policies, Great compliance framework, supportive team

Cons: Pathetic leadership in India
Business director lacks business acumen
Lack of objectivity towards business
Advice: Look beyond the picture painted by leadership team, the larger organisation works hard for their living.
Firing more than 90 people during COVID doesn't speak too well of a global leader
Pros: Excellent pay structure, bonus and perks
Good global presence
Support from global organisation
Good protects

Cons: There are not cons to mention.
Advice: None
Pros: Very well organized Swiss healthcare multinational organization.

Cons: A very big company with multi-division often outreach is difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at Roche

Cons: No cons at all really
Advice: None
Pros: The most amazing team, values and ethics. Really looks after its employees as well

Cons: Cons can be found in any job and are considered personal
Advice: None
Pros: Company is challenging it is accepting and has growth mindset

Cons: not really that much to say
Advice: None
Pros: Working environment, People, Benefits, Salary, Career Opportunities

Cons: None. Great company to work
Advice: None. Strong leadership with great values
Pros: Great environment to work

Cons: Slow, Succession Planning, Not always focused enough
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Reputation, Innovation, Pay, People

Cons: i have no cons to mention
Advice: None
Pros: great management and open communication with flat hierarchies and many opportunities for development

Cons: Big and at times slow to make decisions
Advice: None
Pros: People focused, innovative, employees are proud to work here

Cons: Have tendency to have foreigners for higher management but this is improving
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and good benefits

Cons: Didn't find anything negative so  far
Advice: None
Pros: High salaries, many benefits, nice office location, excellent products, easy to promote

Cons: Sustainability, burnout, satisfaction. working from states could be additional con
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous Opportunities to exploit and gain richer state level experiences

Cons: It still is a corpo
Advice: Pay me more
Pros: Great people and here are your 5 words

Cons: There is not a lot of places to be creative and improvise new solutions
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy work environment in general

Cons: difficult to keep up with all news in a big company
Advice: None
Pros: inclusive culture, flexible working hours

Cons: Not endorsing CRM 
Unstable working environment
Slow / cumbersome in mindset change
Customer-focused
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative environment
R&amp;D focused
Compliant
Well esteemed
Trustful employer

Cons: Large organization with too many different functions
Advice: None
Pros: International, open-minded, and good personal development opportunities

Cons: None really compared to other companies, it is good....
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and colleagues working on exciting projects

Cons: little chance of promotion 
non-competitive salary compared to local biotech
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of chance to learn

Cons: It's agile to the square, so sometimes it seems to be a bit of chaotic
Advice: None
Pros: The work there is very flexible

Cons: The top managers make decisions based on singular opinions
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good salary

Cons: less promotion possibilities
monoton work
less time for projects
difficult time management
parking
Advice: None
Pros: friendly atmosphere
good benefits
city center
new building from summer 2020
company phone and laptop

Cons: there is no cons to comment for
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for with lots of benefits

Cons: slow decision making process and action
Advice: None
Pros: good brand name and abundant resource

Cons: Leadership focuses on micromanagement, presenteeism and a culture of meetings leading to decision paralysis
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, cutting edge science, excellent peers

Cons: Slow decision making, complex structures, ...
Advice: None
Pros: Environment, support (trainings, coaching, ...), package, know-how, colleagues, atmosphere, ...

Cons: Salaries are a bit off from competitors wages
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, work-life balance, additional benefits

Cons: nothing so far I come across
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for, always good people around

Cons: Not a lot of opportunities to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and coworkers in general

Cons: Old style working environment, very top to bottom approach.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice colleagues, many opportunities to advance the career

Cons: - Complicated structure and processes that implementation takes too long
Advice: None
Pros: - Good salary and benefits on top

Cons: Everyone at the company has been there 10+years. It moves SLOW
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Global Company, Great relocation oportunities

Cons: It is really too big and decentralised
Advice: None
Pros: It is a excellent company

Cons: Large and complex organisztion with long decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: global company with many opportunities, salary and benefits

Cons: Lots of politics up and down can be draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Career opportunities, development and growth.
Wide range of projects.

Cons: Can be slow in decision making
Advice: None
Pros: - Great vision
- Supportive colleagues
- international culture
- good working conditions

Cons: it's not a permanent role
Advice: None
Pros: nice colleague to work with and have work-life balance

Cons: Low salary package, benefit normal
Advice: Improve salary package to market rate
Pros: Good development opportunity and alot of global project exposure

Cons: I cannot think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great company that cares for the well being of their employees

Cons: Sometimes its personal touches create longer delays!
Advice: None
Pros: Put's its people at the heart of everything it does.

Cons: The commute was my only issue
Advice: None
Pros: Working from home, great systems, focus on employee wellbeing

Cons: Not paid very well comparing to local companies
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about workload, flexible working hours

Cons: Need to further explore. Will comment later
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation capabilities;
Open-minded management;
Flexible working time;

Cons: Leadership, agility, strategic-thinking, redundant budget usage, political eveviroment
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, carrer options, work-life balance, diversity, international exposure

Cons: needs more strategic direction from senior management
Advice: None
Pros: word life balance, encourages bottom-up initiatives, and empowerment

Cons: Changes are slow and processes are not lean.
Advice: None
Pros: People oriented, Willing to invest in his people

Cons: A continuous alignment with multiple stakeholders is required
Advice: None
Pros: High purpose, great working culture

Cons: HR can be challenging to work with
Advice: None
Pros: good culture and people at Roche Canada

Cons: Still fuguring out what "transformation" means
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, great leadership, solid company

Cons: internal politics, buttering mentality, asm/rsm don't support sales executives.
Advice: None
Pros: good market, good product, innovative features

Cons: No cons to working for Roche
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership, allow you to make decisions

Cons: Career path in Basel not always clear
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience working in a global environment, good environment

Cons: There aren’t really any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people and you feel valued as an employee

Cons: The city was not the best city to live in
Advice: None
Pros: Easy, nice and reliable place to work at

Cons: it can get busy but this is manageable
Advice: None
Pros: opportunities for rotations, good benefits, cares about employees

Cons: Difficult to move upwards, dependent on department.
Advice: None
Pros: Family orientated company with great work life balance.

Cons: Difficulty in coordinating work between different departments and seniority levels.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic culture and focus on staff wellbeing.

Cons: Transforms frequently and need to be ready to for constant change
Advice: None
Pros: Compensates well for the role

Cons: the leadership style that does not reflect an MNC
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit, People, Purpose, Market Leader

Cons: Recent restructure has limited opportunities for development unless you are based in Sydney.
Advice: None
Pros: Lovely colleagues, autonomy in role

Cons: management can be made more efficient
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, great prospects, company has good reputation

Cons: Very limited chances for development
Advice: None
Pros: One of the biggest pharma companies, you can learn a lot

Cons: Things can be slow to materialize
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, flexible working arrangement

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, robust systems and strong teamwork

Cons: limited career opportunity and slow technology integration
Advice: None
Pros: multicultural, diversity, learn, fun, develop

Cons: Your face may not fit, hierarchical, not best payers
Advice: None
Pros: Wealthy company/Invests heavily on R&amp;D, Global reach

Cons: Gossip, untruthful situations and pretending
Advice: None
Pros: Strong patient purpose and relationship with key stakeholders

Cons: too much transformaton which may lead to confusion
Advice: None
Pros: you get international exposure for different aspects

Cons: I have no idea for cons yet
Advice: No advice
Pros: Good, stable, reliable, company. Like it.

Cons: Burocracy is an issue in big companies
Advice: None
Pros: Team spirit is what keeps us moving

Cons: Very conservative management and hard to get a promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, people and pay

Cons: People do not speak up. Lots of work to do.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with lots of benefits

Cons: sometimes can be complex to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: culture, products, environment, mission and colleagues
