Cons: By far the biggest drawback is the toxic work culture and weak management.  There are a number of managers who do not have their employees' back, leaving them to fend for themselves until they either become toxic themselves as a survival mechanism, or leave the company in time so that self-healing can begin.

Politics is par for the course - yet it is the intensity level that takes it to a whole new dimension.  Power grabs, empire building, scapegoating, and undermining other teams are openly on display without appropriate action (and sometimes not even a reaction) from local management.  The one transgression not on display, by virtue of its definition, is backstabbing (which also happens quite often). 

There are some that complain about too many processes.  This is not a start-up anymore.  There is a lack of the right kind of processes that can propel an organization to efficiently reach its business goals.  Removing the brakes so that one team can work faster without fully appreciating the impacts on other teams results in a longer time to reach the organization's business objectives.

The Molecular Solutions cultural values plastered on the walls are mostly viewed as wall art as local management often do not practice via leading by example.
Advice: Deal with toxic employees and weak managers who tolerate such behavior before it spreads even further.
Pros: It is pretty amazing to work with an organization consisting of multidisciplinary talent.  Work life balance and benefits are pretty good.  Compensation is average.  Facilities are managed quite well.  Free snacks are available though that may change once the new cafeteria is ready.

Cons: - Lack of coherent strategy. There seems to be little intentionality and executive leadership in Sequencing that affects all levels. 
- Decision-making processes are extremely slow and inefficient. I would describe it as a Kafkaesque nightmare. Documentation and meetings are mistaken for actual work.
- A few extremely rude apples ruined the barrel. A senior technical lead once started a meeting with "Show of hands for who thinks ____ is stupid?", a contractor once posted publicly on LinkedIn asking how to decrease the influence of my role, a scientist at the VP level chastised me after thinking that I gave one of his reports constructive feedback (I hadn't, and the feedback was valid). A colleague thought it was normal to go to her car and cry after work meetings. This was an extremely unhealthy work culture, and I still get angry just thinking about many of the interactions I had. 
- Absolute lack of knowledge about software and software development processes.
Advice: - Understand the problems we're trying to solve for our customers and the people they serve (the patients). Don't miss the forest for the trees by focusing so much on useless processes.
- Hire people with empathy. This is a healthcare company after all.
- If you want to build software products, hire people with experience in software development (not just software quality) and empower them to drive change in the organization.
Pros: - Overall mission to "Do now what patients need next" is inspiring.
- "Work/life balance" is so good that I would describe working here as early retirement.

Cons: Outsourced work,  removal of employee benefits, no new work, no transparency, no career growth
Advice: Stop saying you want something (like employee retention) then doing nothing to make that happen (not listening to what employees want.)  Don't take away the things that made it a great place to work.  Bring back new and exciting development in country instead of hiring 70 Romanian engineers to do the work.  Most engineers want to work on tech and not manage a bunch of others.  Have a plan laid out and follow it for future development.  Make sure people can grow and get promoted in their careers and not just the ones who seem to be in with leadership.  Too many meetings happen where there are a bunch of great ideas and nothing is actually executed based on those ideas.  Stop the management carousel where leadership is replaced every year and a re-org happens.
Pros: Interesting work,  Mostly good benefits, Beautiful work location,  good coworkers at the development level

Cons: When leadership is good, it is good. When it isn't good, it sucks.  Unfortunately, when good leaders are put in roles they are moved around quickly. Advancement is nil unless you are in the boys club. Even the few women who get promoted are promoted as pawns for the men. Politics are horrible and collaboration between teams is hard. We are all supposed to be on the same side but leadership and people who are allowed to be idiots ("oh it is just so and so's way....") make work harder. And if you are very good at your job as a worker bee, it is highly unlikely you are going to be promoted. They want you to continue in that capacity. They under use talent.
Advice: Stop shuffling people around so quickly.  Hold leaders accountable to excellent leadership practices. Stop with the damn boy's club. Hold leaders accountable for their teams' attitudes. Take a second look at the people asking to be in leadership. You can be a worker bee and have great strategic thinking. Challenge employees using their skill sets.
Pros: Benefits, some work life flexibility, nice buildings

Cons: -The mission of Roche in Tucson has unfortunately shifted from helping patients to generating increased profit and revenue. 
-Due to the senior leadership in Tucson taking short cuts in the past, the environment now is one of constantly reacting to problems which should have been solved years ago.  
-Some portions of senior leadership in Tucson are creating an environment of fear and finger pointing.  
-There is a drive by senior leadership in Tucson to outsource the instrument development and focus on Assay integration and Assay development only.
Advice: -Push back on the company directive of increasing profit and revenue to be passed to other divisions within Roche and invest in Tucson facility.  Focus the culture more on what made Ventana special, it's mission and people.  
-Listen up and take a hard look at some of the senior leadership within Tucson.  They are unfortunately creating a caustic environment which may take a while to repair.  
-Before it is too late, don't let your instrument development knowledge walk out the door.
Pros: The overall company compensation and benefits are great.  The employees are always willing to help each other.  The mission of helping those afflicted by cancer is a noble mission.

Cons: I’ve been here nearly 18 years and it’s a revolving door with good people coming in and then leaving while bad people keep getting promoted and having their egos inflated.  Upper management is political, rude, not transparent, and total cronies.  You can’t trust anyone to not throw you under the bus.  And the company claims they are working on their ‘cultural beliefs’ But those are all just HR check the box activities that none of upper management loves up to.  I’m so sick of the antics, egos, and jockeying for positions.  They’ll tell you one thing in the interview and once you start you’ll be doing something else because of ‘resource constraints’ and ‘we’re doing more with less’ So you get sucked dry of all energy.  Don’t be fooled!
Advice: Listen to your assessment GEOS surveys and don’t mask the problems in HR initiative that look fancy but are not truly lived by.  Kill the politics and start recognizing those that get away with doing nothing because of relationships and those that have contributed loyally  for years.
Pros: The benefits (not including pay) is the only thing that keeps me here

Cons: Bone-headed management in Product Development with zero-tolerance for mistakes, making everyone fearful to make decisions.  This is touted as Accountability. 
In reality, they are stuck in analysis-paralysis and can't seem to figure out what to do. New products are held up because management has blamed engineering for poor decision-making and is looking to outsource design. In reality, decision-making is the  responsibility of management and out-sourcing the design can't fix poor decision-making.
Advice: Stop passing the buck.
Also, making mistakes is part of design, they just need to be caught before they leave the door.  Iteration is a necessary part of developing anything more complex than tennis shoes. Celebrate when you find mistakes, don't fire people over simple things.
Pros: Great benefits, nice location, interesting product.

Cons: I found the culture here to be the most toxic of all companies in my career.  This organization is very political and clicky.  During my time here I have started to take anxiety and blood pressure medicine because of the continued pressure to perform along with constant criticism.  I would not recommend working at Roche to my worst enemy.
Advice: Figure out how to be much more supportive of your people and understand how oppressive random constant unfounded comments are to people.  The company could be a great one with great people but you have a lot of leaders who continually beat on the same people over and over again.  I am excited to be out and away from this environment.
Pros: Roche is a great company with awesome benefits.  They have terrific healthcare, great dental and eye care plus they really are setup well to take care of people.

Cons: You had better work anywhere they want to place you or face the possibility of losing your job.  This means, you relocate wherever they want you to relocate to or face the possibility of being terminated. The environment can be stressful as well and you may not be able to trust those around you or management. Management may turn the other way, even if there are other employees causing a toxic environment and mistreatment of some in plain site of everyone.
Advice: Stop being biased and allow certain individuals to be disrespected, bullied and mistreated by some and say nothing or do nothing.
Pros: The seem like an OK company to work for, but you have to be cautious of how you deal with co-workers.

Cons: My immediate manager wanted HR to be run like GE. GE had a policy of laying off 5% or perhaps it was 10% of its workforce every year. This created an extremely internal competitive culture that was dysfunctional and unproductive.
Advice: Now that Roche merged, I’m not sure of the culture. It is always a good idea to treat your employees well. The number one reason an employee leaves a company is due to their immediate manager. Incorporating a 360 review process for managers gives executives an idea of how employees are being treated.
Pros: At the time, it was still family owned. The family owned 51% of shares. They treated employees well. It was also a European company. Therefore, the culture was better than most large American public companies.

Cons: - Too much unnecessary change being passed off as "Agile" leaves many feeling lost and tired
- Lack of clarity about how the mission translates into specific, actionable goals at the function, team and then individual employee levels
- Pay is well-below market in the most critical technical areas
- Cross-functional, matrix alignment hides performance issues and drains accountability from the business
- The culture sucks in our most innovative areas of the business
- TONS of work enters the funnel, but very little comes out the end, leaving one feeling exhausted and confused at times
Advice: Get back to the basics.  Stop trying to do so much and truly EXECUTE.  Simplify the organization structure and invest in developing and retaining your people.
Pros: - Good, smart people with the best of intentions
- Great company health benefits and 401(k) plan
- Fantastic mission that everyone truly supports and understands

Cons: Upper management doesn't know what they're doing, how to hire managers, how to fire toxic employees, etc
Still no sales.
Below market wage.
A lot of below average, hard to work with employees.
Advice: As a pre-acquisition employee, I got to see a lot about how Genia's internals functioned.

I'd recommend prioritizing valuing your lower level employees.

Upper management needs to show what company values they believe in and lead by example. They tend to be way to focused on just "getting the job done" as an excuse to ignore systemic problems.
Pros: There are a bunch of awesome people to work with.
The project is super cool and involves multiple cutting edge technologies which is honestly pretty special.
Consistent high attendance happy hours.

Cons: Field service for tissue diagnostics means heavy travel, high workload, do more with less=STRESS.  Your key people are getting "Burnt Out".
Advice: I know there's currently some great initiatives to drive positive change, but we need more headcount on FES and FAS sides in areas with larger geographic territories. Numbers will never tell the "true" story especially when they're gamed or don't show overnight travel stays. And not getting scalded for having an admin day when one does happen would be great. This isn't a normal 9-5 job, so managers should stop treating it like one. Let me take care of my own family and business without the 3rd degree. THIS is the main reason I will be looking for other work.
Pros: Excellent mission, great benefits, pay and culture.

Cons: It's tough when you work for a company's largest market (US) and are still managed from afar. This frustration is compounded when strategies, tools, and programs are developed in the company's much smaller and different home market to apply everywhere. These "gifts" are given to the rest of the world with little leeway in their use. If changes are approved, the cost and time of retrofitting the "gift" falls on the receiving markets.
Although generally good, the prevailing culture, pace, and management style in the business areas vary widely. This is an issue when you move to another area, as you are encouraged to do, because you may go into an unexpectedly stressful environment. I once encouraged a friend to work at Roche. When they described the pressure, management style, and stressful atmosphere in their area I was shocked and embarrassed.
Advice: Avoid laying off seasoned employees for tenure, fiscal or re-organizing reasons. You are casting off a huge investment in their wisdom and experience. Instead, have that challengeing conversation to see if something could be arranged so that your investment isn't walking away to benefit the competition.
There are many ways to avoid meetings that still accomplish the goal of the meeting. Start implementing these alternatives and foster a "meet as a last resort" culture, which will increase productivity and reduce stress. If a meeting is unavoidable, give equal planning time to the  "how" of a meeting segment as well as to the "what", which  usually receives all the focus.
Pros: Most of the areas I worked in had a good culture and working environment. There were a few flighty ladder scramblers, but most of the people were solid hard-working folks who made working there a pleasure. The pay and benefits were very good, which I belatedly realized I'd taken for granted!
The products are high quality and provide many positive aspects, which employees can feel good about. For example, you might work with a product that helps diabetics better control their disease or an instrument used in labs seeking the cure for diabetes or devices that are fast and accurate, getting you health answers quickly.

Cons: Micro-Managed. Constant upper-level changes.  Poor communication between marketing, sales, and support with customers. Division changes every few years.  Slow growth potential and opportunities. Lay-offs.
Advice: Stop investing in "better customer interaction," and focus on communication between each group/division.  Take notice of aspirational employees and seek to assist them, in their growth.  Truly listen to your ground employees. Stop making changes for customer experience based on what you believe will benefit them. Talk with your front-line support teams who interact with customers daily and listen to their advice.
Pros: PTO,  Health benefits, 401k matching, decent salaries. I've also worked with some great managers and individuals here.

Cons: They're no longer converting contingent staff. The culture there is dissipating. No longer innovative. Products are subpar and being pushed into the market with low quality.  Company doesn't care about you and it shows. One word I would use to describe the company is 'uninspired.'
Advice: Take a management course training. Understand that people come first.
Pros: Work/life balance is good here. Lots of amazing scientists and engineers. It's a shame they're not being recognized for their exceptional work and potential. People are trickling out, as they should in an atmosphere that doesn't propel you in a positive direction.

Cons: Management is not honest, to the point where it isn't a personal critque but rather something that's just understood by the greater workforce.  Extraordinarly little diversity for a company in this sector, very unfortunate..
Advice: Listen to your employees, share information with people.  Workforce is tired of being managed by a person not on site, worrying about cuts they know are coming but aren't allowed to mention, etc.
Pros: Atmosphere and dedicated workforce are both big positives.  Having an aging workforce that cares greatly about the work being done highlights how important the work is, but also highlights how little management cares.

Cons: Part of the finance team is getting relocated to Costa-Rica so opportunities in Indianapolis are not for the long run. A lot of people are contractors with no chance of getting the same benefits as regular employees. It can create a lot of resentment which is sad because the company does have good values.
Advice: Reward contractors for good work with a few paid vacation days. A little can go a long way.
Pros: Great culture and benefits; the company values diversity, work/life balance, and health/well-being.

Cons: Senior leaders and department heads are selected based upon performance/technical skills as an individual contributor rather than people/leadership skills. Leads to poor people managers that drive out talented individual contributors with better technical skills who are treated poorly by their manager who still believe they know better or won’t truly delegate full authority to others.
Advice: Focus on building a project portfolio that is supply-driven by resources rather than demand-driven by multi-year forecasts.
Pros: Incredibly talented and passionate individual contributors.

Cons: - Toxic work culture and management.  Employees are sometimes publicly berated in meetings.  Weekly meeting(s) are masqueraded as somewhere to share data and information across groups, but actually function as arenas where groups face off against each other vying for power and recognition.  Back-stabbing and back-biting of teams against each other is commonplace.  Fear, competition, and mistrust permeate the entire organization.
- Lack of concrete direction and strategy from executive and senior management leads to entire site scrambling for goals and direction every year.
- "Innovate Now" and "Speak Up" are two of the cultural beliefs, but almost no one is allowed to do anything innovative or out of the box.  Anything that bucks the status quo is immediately met with resistance.  "We already tried that and it didn't work", and then not having any data to back up claims seems to be the default response.  People catch on quickly, stop trying to contribute new ideas, turn on "coast mode", and become "yes" men or women.
- Salaries are consistently below what other companies Pharma, Biotech, or Technology companies in the Bay Area are offering even though HR claims they are performing salary comparisons.  People leaving for new opportunities regularly secure 30-40% compensation increases.  Stock options are only offered to a select group of software engineers, data scientists or directors and above, good luck everyone else!
- Contractors are treated like second-hand citizens, and I have seen many cut loose before their contracts are up.  I even witnessed one case where the contractor was given only 4 days of notice before being told they were being let go.
- Points above lead to a large number of disengaged workers that are trapped and looking for a way out.  I have observed employees actively job searching in the open office environment and even in the middle of meetings that they are supposed to be engaged in!
Advice: - Remove toxic management and employees - put them on the roof or give them severance and send them on their way.
- Increase pay and compensation to actually be competitive with other companies in the Bay Area to help retain talent.  I don't know where the HR are getting their numbers, but remuneration packages are not competitive.
Pros: -  The sequencing technology is interesting and has potential to move personalized medicine forward in the future.
-  Free snacks and breakfast fare.
-  Work/Life balance is pretty good.
-  Roche appears to be centralizing all of their South Bay and Peninsula M&amp;A targets at the Santa Clara site and turning it into an "Innovation Center".  Could be a good opportunity to be able to transfer across many teams.

Cons: Too conservative; not innovative enough. In sequencing division, organization does not have a sense of urgency, nor enough market knowledge to understand how to be competitive. Mgmt says that they empower decisions at the lowest level, but that's not the case.
Advice: Understand your market. Hire and promote more industry experts, don't just promote those who've been there ten years. Give 'agile' more than lip service.
Pros: An environment of mutual respect and open discussion. Good job security.

Cons: There is a line for promotions. It's rare to move ahead. Be ready to put your head down and keep moving. If you look up, you might get discouraged every time youre passed for a promotion.
Advice: "people stay when they are paid well, mentored, challenged, promoted, involved, appreciated, valued, on a mission, empowered, and trusted."
Pros: Great place to start and create a foundation of the systems engineering principles. Great culture, great people, friends are made easily.

Cons: Quality and Supply Issues Abound, Awesome CEO just left, Slow Moving Company, Conservatism &lt;&gt; Innovation
Advice: The #1 focus must continue to be quality.  Keep doing the right thing by your sales teams to compensate for this.  Roche is amazing and still relevant - keep innovating to keep Roche relevant.
Pros: Culture, Excellent Sales Leaders, Opportunities to Grow, Market Leader in many segments, Good Pay, Work  Life Balance

Cons: No accountability in leaders ,  immature leadership, runs on entitlement , organizations keeps cleaning up it's own mess at business expense , no concept of customer service,  no business focus , cruise-control mode , no sense of urgency , does not have right people in the bus to take the organization to the next level of maturity
Advice: what's the use ?
Pros: Benefits  Flexibility, Global travel

Cons: Lacking in advancement in opportunity.  Feels like the vision communicated from senior management and the day to day activities are somewhat misaligned.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid Company to work for.  Nice compensation package with great benefits.  Working environment has a lot of flexibility.  Great people to work with.  Overall experience was very positive

Cons: TOXIC WORK ENVIRONMENT - when you have a boss who says about your three adopted kids from foster care and having significant trauma and whereas you want to participate in their therapy:  [SIC] "your f'ed up kids are none of the companies concern". And when you raise this issue to HR and their only concern is to protect the interest of the company and starts retaliating against you.
Advice: None
Pros: salary, benefits, campus, work life balance,

Cons: Seem to "reorganize" often which creates a state of wondering if you'll have a job or not about every 18 mos.  Lacking in technology development which will hurt them in the long run.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great and pay is good or better than most.  Good work life balance and cultural beliefs.

Cons: High pressure, management blames employees for poor decision making, management believes that they can get perfect products if only they could create more documents.
Advice: Do more design iterations before going to production instead of either rushing to production or being paralyzed doing risk assessments.
Pros: Good benefits, great location, important product.

Cons: Lacks innovation.  Senior management does not consider the amount of great talent available within the organization when making strategic decisions.  Also very politically driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Great talent, opportunities to meet with senior management on a regular basis, can grow by taking advantage of different job opportunities internally

Cons: - A restricted group of managers originally hired by Genia's founders is still in charge of making all the important decisions.
- Those same managers do not fully understand the fundamental scientific problems that need to be solved in order to deliver a product (DNA sequencing device)
- People at the Roche HQ up in Pleasanton seem to be ok with it.
Advice: - Be humble, listen more. 
- Hire a couple of real, good statisticians
Pros: Still a lot of open, interesting scientific problems to tackle.

Cons: It can be difficult to progress your career
Advice: None
Pros: Great employer - Heavy focus on people development. Good leadership and an open and welcoming culture. The campus is well thought out and creates an environment where you can be effective in such a large business

Cons: -little mobility to be hired as entry level roles are limited
Advice: None
Pros: -great place to meet other professionals 
-global projects 
-opportunity to work on more projects with other divisions 
-mentorship 
-friendly and caring group 
-flexible hours 
- great team  
-office is wonderful

Cons: Efforts to save customers not recognized, betrayal from management.
Advice: Be fair to employees, respect their efforts to save the business, don’t betray the hands that brings the business to the table. Learn to accept is not the power what builds a company but the loyal employees.
Pros: No pros at all after 10 years.

Cons: Moving from contract position to regular employee when contracted through an outside agency. It’s best to contract through ProUnlimited, which is on their campus.
Advice: None
Pros: The campus has many amenities for employees convenience and town hall meetings to keep employees in the loop on current state/issues of the company.

Cons: Lots of travel
focus seems to be shifting to sales and from providing good service to existing customers
Advice: Focus on customers we have first, not just acquiring new accounts
Pros: Good compensation
Great people
I feel that I am helping people live better lives when I do my job

Cons: Very complicated organizational structure and, as a result, too many levels of programs/projects management and people who actually do not produce anything useful
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly atmosphere. Highly skilled specialists. Excellent benefits. Management   makes a lot of efforts to keep people happy.

Cons: Change is good but sometimes can be too much at times.  There is a need to be flexible and comfortable  in uncertain environments.
Advice: None
Pros: Depending on your location there is a lot of opportunity for learning, skills development, and movement within the organization.

Cons: They need more offices in the MA area.
Advice: DON’T CHANGE A THING!
Pros: Exceptional Health Care, Great down to Earth  People, innovative world leaders in they give you the oportunity to grow and the listen to your ideas and have great incentives for bringing new ideas to the plate. Great Life work balance.l

Cons: Contingent or temporary workers moved from place to place too quickly
Advice: The contingent work force leaves quickly. Are there any incentives to retain?
Pros: Friendly knowledgeable most want to work together to achieve one goal. Not a competition.

Cons: For promotions you need to be open for public presentations and being mentor for other specialists.
Advice: Too many external specialist which are not correctly managed by internal supervisors.
Pros: Many different perspective of Your carrier involved.

Cons: Slow business/legal processes
Management promotes political agenda
Advice: Stay out of politics and focus on changing slow business processes to take advantage of 21st century opportunities
Pros: most fellow workers that care about end customers
good pay and benefits

Cons: No young professionals
Too Corporate
People with less than 5-7 years of work experience are ALWAYS hired on as Contractor.
Advice: Be more reachable
Pros: Travel opportunities
Development opportunities, IF you know the right people
Very knowledgeable people

Cons: No stock options
Better car selections (More SUV)
Advice: Provide stock options for employees. Otherwise, keep up the great work!
Pros: Competitive compensation
Excellent Benefits
Great Management
Growth opportunities
Great atmosphere

Cons: Lots of manager turnover can make it hard to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, good work/life balance

Cons: No accountability within upper management. All decisions based on the "team" mentality.
Advice: Abandon the matrix process and open environment work-spaces.
Pros: Benefits are outstanding, 401K is second to none.

Cons: Better R&amp;D and long term focus and planning for all departments
Advice: Some business units are drowning in mediocrity while others flourish...develop a standard across the board
Pros: Great exposure, learning, preparatory and inclusion environment

Cons: - Senior leadership is abhorrent
- R&amp;D has no direction
- Cultural beliefs are espoused but not followed
Advice: None
Pros: - Pay and benefits are outstanding
- People are great for the most part

Cons: Salaries a bit lower compare to tech leaders
Advice: None
Pros: A friendly and respectful environment

Cons: Pay could be better. Education and experience are not valued enough.
Advice: Pay your people according to education and experience.
Pros: Great culture and benefits. Lots of perks.

Cons: Chaotic, unorganized, complacent employees only doing the minimum, run like a start-up, minimal resources, unrealistic expectations
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and friendly staff

Cons: communications up and down are not always the best
Advice: listen to all employees.  All thoughts and ideas are important
Pros: a breakthrough company always ahead of the curve

Cons: - Ventana management still struggling and didn't get acceptance widely.
Advice: None
Pros: - Good collaborative environment
- Productive lunch and learn meeting

Cons: culture is inconsistent across departments
Advice: None
Pros: great R&amp;D pipeline. Higher up managers know what they're doing. Middle managers hit and miss.

Cons: hard to move up or sideways
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and benefits- top notch, great moral

Cons: Sometimes too busy
Too much management making decisions about things they have no experience in
Advice: None
Pros: Always busy
Good if you enjoy travel

Cons: Long working hours exceeding eight hours, physical work on the floor, working in dirty chemistry labs. Cleaning instruments with bleach that ruins clothes.
Advice: None
Pros: Payed travel, company car.

Cons: Engineering managers are beyond stupid, and tanking the company.
Advice: Throw out 'you-know-who' and his minion.
Pros: Good pay and benefits, culture.

Cons: A large company and it takes a long time to make decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and employees are treated with respect.  Reasonable bonus

Cons: Promotions are based almost entirely on politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment. Progressive but organized.

Cons: Quality group very conservative. Can make implementing change difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule , People Oreinted

Cons: Work can be very hectic sometimes, but it is rewarding
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great and friendly team to work with. Great field of work

Cons: Poor company vision and strategy.  Too much turnover.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and smart people

Cons: Promotions given to the same people "boys club".
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance.

Cons: Some processes could be streamlined better across business areas
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative medical value products and tactics for realization

Cons: little opportunity for career advancement
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work at, good pay

Cons: Not a lot of room for growth in the Wilmington, MA office
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, awesome company culture, and amazing benefits

Cons: Hours of work.  Way too much
Advice: Keep it real.
Pros: Free food   Free diapers. And lots of coffee

Cons: They just let people go without notice
Advice: None
Pros: The best thing about Roche is the salary and benefits

Cons: Management makes decisions without involving their employees.
Advice: Listen to your workers.
Pros: Great Benefits Competitive Pay Amazing People

Cons: Takeover of life sciences by Kapa has been bad for innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, good comp package, interesting work

Cons: Work life balance is sometimes hard to manage
Advice: Promote better work life balance
Pros: Great company benefits and great coworkers

Cons: No cons that I know of.
Advice: None
Pros: Independent work environment, a lot of training offered, laid back yet professional work environment.

Cons: None that I can comment on
Advice: None I can comment on
Pros: Family Oriented company family fun

Cons: Most of the development now on west coast
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture and opportunity to grow

Cons: Complex global structure takes some getting used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture. Great benefits. Great management support.

Cons: nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Forward thinking, innovative and push for continuous development and self improvement

Cons: I can not think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Very Professional, paid well, great management

Cons: Too decentralized and Indianapolis is poorly managed
Advice: None
Pros: Solid benefits, good 401k match.

Cons: I can't complain at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are solid right off the bat

Cons: Lots of management changes at the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, PTO and innovation

Cons: Technology is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Usually nice place. People nuce

Cons: typical corporate style and process
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits for employees

Cons: I did not see it
Advice: None
Pros: Really good company I would suggest it to everyone

Cons: Slow career progression and heavily bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and benefits

Cons: layoffs, bad business decisons,behind the curve
Advice: None
Pros: family oriented and great benefits

Cons: none at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance and interesting projects

Cons: hard to find career development
Advice: None
Pros: medical, dental, and vision benefits were great

Cons: Lack of communication is present occasionally.
Advice: None
Pros: Energetic, innovative, diverse and inspirational.

Cons: Pay is below market average
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, stable, mostly good people

Cons: The recent transformation has brought a lot of hot air - big words, like agility, you make the difference, empowerment, etc are used completely out of balance. This is the biggest shame - now I see top paid leaders on stage that dont share any vision but mention that teams need to come up with vision and strategy etc .... so, why do we need them ? exactly, to produce a lot of smoke and big words....honestly, I dont know which box I ticked wrong in the yearly engagement survey (GEOS) that has made this rapid turn around. Yes, Roche used to have many processes, it was burocratic, etc but now I find it even worse.
In terms of career - if you dont come from US / genentech, hardly any chance to grasp a senior role in GPS in the future - there is a strong network that is fostered!
Advice: Please, take a detailed look at the operational level, and replace some senior functions immediately to manage a healthy turn around. And dont let your vision be blurred by diplomatic communication "This is the best place  to be ... I am so proud...etc" - why dont you do a quick ad hoc GEOS or similar survey ? Maybe I am wrong - but what I hear around the corridors I did not hear few years back
Pros: Great pipeline, great people and talents. Used to like the culture a lot. Strong commitment in changing patients disease journey, outcomes, quality of life

Cons: Barely anybody speaks English. Most of the employees, including payroll, do not speak English, even though I was told otherwise on the job interview, to the point where I was told multiple times to 'ask a colleague to translate' some official communication. Lots of career development is based on who was your university colleague or who your partner is.  Management lies, often publicly pretends they didn't hear about an issue while in reality it was raised with them a couple of weeks previously. They behave patronisingly, lie about the salaries (which are very poor comparing to other corporations in the city). Staff changes all the time and is not respected. I spent min. 10h at the office every day - out of which 9h was regular, as it included an obligatory 1h break. Horrible life-work balance.
Advice: Stop treating people like children and servants. Start caring for them and treating them like employees of Roche instead of making them feel like they're worth nothing.
Pros: Good benefits for Hungarian reality. Most of the TLs are horrible with people - just a few of them are good enough to list them in the 'pros' section, however they are pushed down by the higher management. Maybe the experience is different if you're a native Hungarian speaker.

Cons: Diabetes care is a disaster zone at present, wholesale redundancies (50+ out of 140 staff) jobs awarded without due process to whomevers face fits, very poor staff moral due to uncertanty of role and financial situation, appaling behaviour by  some senior management who are  rude, conceited and incapable of perfoming role, ( or just unable to perform their role). senior management who boast about their salaries and the value of their expense account whilst people are being made redundant. very slow to market, new services and offerings 2-3 years late, massive market errosion,  not a place to work at present, steer clear as you wont/cant make a difference
Advice: weed out the senior mangement who are conceited, arrogant and incapable. ensure that global products are fit for purpose and ready for the uk market, not 2 years late. products are no longer market leading, just also rans in a crowded market place which offer neither value nor technical advancement
Pros: excellent supportive staff, nice offices, resonable pay and benefits,

Cons: I don't find the culture to be particular high performing. In many cases I find many employees who have been in the company for long periods and seem to survive without having the necessary skills or willingness to acknowledge change is needed in the company and within themselves. Also there seems to be too many people in some functions, many of whom resist change to justify their existence. Also I find the salaries to not be terrible competitive. Also, as a multinational HQ, I would expect more prominence of English, however, there is still a german first culture for many communications, signage, and forms, this detracts international assignments. 

The largest con I see is the highly decentralized structure, while some people think this is good, so far I have seen no real benefit particularly in support functions. The inefficiency and duplication, particularly in things like real estate management, finance is astounding.
Advice: Question what really needs to be decentralized, vs. what should be managed as a group. Start with real estate and facility management.
Pros: Pleasant, mostly friendly work environment. Most of my colleagues are friendly and want to do what is best. Workspace is generally nice and high quality. Budget for travel and training seems to be available if a business case is made.

Cons: The Shared Service Center is still very young - only 3 years old - so the process are still yet to improve, and this is what we are working on altogether. "Rome wasn't built in a day." :)  It also then makes us an agile company! :)
Advice: Keep the good work and to many more years at Roche !
Pros: Waking up everyday knowing that I am eventually saving lives of others, or making it easiest to live, is a blessing. 
My colleagues and managers are hard working , experienced, benevolent and very smart. They help me grow and improve. They also are very understanding and flexible. The most important is to reach our goals. The Team Building activities are legendary. I simply feel part of the Roche family! 
The future of Roche GIS KL and the Shared Service Center is extremely promising. 
The premises are very beautiful, healthy breakfast and unlimited fruits &amp; coffee/tea/chocolate everyday, plenty of other activities thanks to the Dream Team!  A lots of efforts are made to take care of us and I feel very lucky and grateful about it.

Cons: Senior leaders are nearly invisible across the organization, very little transparency and lots of lip service to things like culture, diversity and leadership commitments without action or accountability. Often significant, unnecessary inflection points and wild swings of direction on teams as leaders come and go. HR is only there to support you until there is an issue and then they will always support the +1's and toss you aside.
Advice: Take a hard look at people, practices and GEOS results, the environment globally is not getting better with the same issues persisting year after year. Get rid of those leaders that are so insecure they feel threatened by their colleagues or direct reports.
Pros: Individual teams are often great made up of highly engaged colleagues that work hard and support each other to succeed. Benefits are better than the industry average and keep improving each year. Bonus payouts have been well above industry averages for several years.

Cons: While the organization benefits from a highly educated workforce, internal local politics rule way too often. Local politics can help to a certain extent, but in some cases this is taken to extreme and moreover it happens in the detriment of the organization. Personal interests overrule the well-being of the organization. Some projects are given to people on the basis of personal relationships. Sometimes it feels middle management is playing a human size game of chess.
Advice: None
Pros: This organization is meant to survive and thrive the Industry 4.0. The values it stands for can definitely speak to the new generation of professionals entering workplace. Multi-site, multi- generational, multi-cultural, real efforts to maintain and boost gender diversity, etc.
Networking place a crucial role in how career development happens, which can easily have a downside.

Cons: - Promotions are not always happening based on actual skills and performance
- As a result, working with some of the managers is challenging
- Big corporation, meaning: has the advantages of it but also cons - procedures, processes, roles that could be cut with Occam's Razor, so be prepared for a lot of people approving/planning/executing everything - especially since it's in a highly regulated industry
Advice: Make sure you always are promoting the people that indeed are the best ones for the job.
Pros: - Products, doing something that helps society
- Good comp (though what you negotiate at the beginning will have a big impact but that's true for most companies)
- Possibilities to learn and grow, also to go abroad
- Mature organization 
-  Genentech

Cons: - extremely political.
- people focuses on networking to survive more than gaining content as this is more important to stay when reorganizing or changes are happening
- all ideas and strategies are built by external consulting firms (BCG, Deloitte or Mckinsey) so it's more important to be able to have better comm skill (presentation) than being smart.
- quietly hard working people don't get successful at Roche. Go do coffee and attend networking events. that's the way to keep your job at Roche.
Advice: None
Pros: - company provides great support for learning, development and other benefits
- good support during reorganization or you are redundant
- great source of information

Cons: The only thing I would mention here is that some of the decisions tend to be slow (although this is my first SSC, so don't really have a base for comparison in the industry)
Advice: None
Pros: The culture in our team is welcoming and nurturing. The open-door is not just a policy but practice. Everybody is approachable and helpful. 

You are given the chance to take part in many projects outside of your daily duties, this helps you network, grow and learn. This is actually encouraged but not forced.

Many soft-skills training and function related advancement as well on the needs-basis.  

The work time is very flexible with generous home office options for everyone.

Cons: - Employer brand is not strong enough for now, many people have  not heard of Roche.
Advice: Thank you for all the opportunities!
Pros: - Good culture, people are generally very friendly &amp; sincere. Employees greet one another all times, regardless of position. 
- Well-being of employees are highly prioritized. Healthy breakfast,  milk and fruits provided EVERYDAY. Plenty of engagement activities every week, at times too much. These activities do bring people closer together tho. 
- Management practices an open culture, employees are encouraged to speak up.
- As a SSC, I must say its' benefits are pretty attractive and competitive. 
- Great purpose: Doing what patients need next. 
- Overall, no regrets and happy to be part of this company.

Cons: 1) due to the Greek financial crisis , a few years ago the company laid off many people so there is too much workload on those who remained , meaning not the best work life balance for some
2) Open office space incredibly noisy , you just cannot work
Advice: Keep on listening to the people at the lowest level of hierarchy....
Pros: 1) The new German manager is a true leader with impeccable listening skills that has streamlined internal operations
2)  Having worked for Roche is a passport for other companies 
3)  You will get to learn about all the product lines  ,  an innovator , it is a school
4)   While I was there , the CEO and the President had come to talk to us

Cons: Salaries are not competitive, progression is based on likeability and who you know, alot of managers  unqualified technically therefore clueless about subject matter and can't support new starters. Alot of papering over the cracks rather than dealing with problems, too many meetings, primitive systems therefore poor data.  excel sheets used in conjunction as the systems aren't fit for purpose so alot of duplication.silos and  big disconnects between global and local teams doing the same thing, and there is even inconsistencies between global teams working on the same molecule.
Advice: Listen to people's ideas and experiences, focus more on passion about the science and molecules. Experiences from outside of Roche can be invaluable and save you time.
Pros: Nice facilities, all the tools you need to be productive are available, benefits good

Cons: It’s really hard to get things done internally. There is little accountability and ownership of timelines. As a result it is ‚nice people’ who are considered good not the employees who really get things done. Political and not very focused on learning. Settled and rigid even though management try to implement massive changes to get things done faster. Too much focus on blaming vendors without taking responsibility and ownership for the internal mess.
Advice: Recognize hard work and expertise. Promote accountability and learning. Simplify systems and procedures. Mean it. Shake it up. There are some old not so competent dead wood out there.
Pros: Nice office vibe, good people, great portfolio.

Cons: It claims to be in an exciting period of transition - trying to become agile and creative however this is being delivered on a budget 
Appalling dated culture persists - all forms of discrimation overtly demonstrated by senior staff and widely tolerated/ignored (lean HR)
Surrounded by very expensive places to live
Recruitment and retention issues due to the above issues and recent redundancy program
A number of staff promoted well beyond their level of ability also due to above
Far too many badly managed internal staff moves leaving gaping holes in the structure
Agile principles inexpertly and badly applied - leading to inconsistent practice. Combined with the other factors something of a chaotic shambles ...
Advice: *** Well resourced diversity training &amp; transition supporting required stat ***
Pros: Large employer
Reasonable benefits package (- although an expensive location so not so great)
Some Californian influence, sleep pods, subsidised food etc.

Cons: A lot of people bring a lot of opinions and individuals may use the great platform of the company to play their own games but this can happen in small or creative companies too
Advice: Use a better HR process in order to bring talented people. Take care of diversity and not just talk about it. Move away from "female-quote" and pick the right people for the right job(s). Listen to your middle-management, they usually do the "dirty work".
Pros: Wonderful company with so many employee benefits. Many options and places to work and if you can cope with the flavor of a global company you are all set.

Cons: As a result of success parts of the commercial organisation in particular have become to big, and at times getting things done relies on going through multiple committees and approvals.
Advice: Continue to focus on changing the mindset of the organisation to do things faster with less hassle.
Pros: The quality of people Roche attracts is amazing, over the 7 years I worked worked with intelligent pragmatic individuals.

Plenty of  career opportunities, it is a big company, being mobile is however important to unlocking your way up the ladder.

A lot of training and focus on developing leaders.

Cons: PROCURE TO PAY DEPARTMAENT KULALA LUMPUR MALAYSIA.
there is no human behaviour.worst behaviour then animal.if someone stuck in any problem will never go from there but will be get out or exist from company.there is racism unfair not equal treat.there is no standard business policy in the company.it better work in small enterprise atleast have respect and better human behaviour.there are a lot of good companies and shared service for employee.im just wonder statement of company is doing now what patient  need next but inside company have racism favoritism biasness how can care patient where cant care employee. think millions time apply any job here.
Advice: impliment is standard of business conduct policy ASAP who will safe employee withou racism favoritism and biasness.
Pros: THERE IS NO EVEN GOOD THING.

Cons: Some of the company structures and bureaucracy are quite limiting. You should expect a super tanker - it takes a long time to change course, start initiatives etc.
Advice: Scale back on the use of corporate jargon and management fads, both due to its lack of clarity as well as for its tedium.
Pros: It's a professional environment and they treat their employees well. If you do well in your job, you will have a lot of different opportunities in the organization, as long as you are mobile or at HQ in Basel.

Cons: Most of the time, promotion to managerial roles are not based on capabilities, but on service duration.Longer you are in the company, better is your chance.  This is resulting in mismanagement and frustration in teams.
Advice: Kindly listen to feedback from team members.
360 degree feedback system might help. Please allow 
a) Team to rate  their  line managers (preferably anonymous, to avoid conflict). 
b) Peers to rate the line managers to  reduce the trouble making attitude and improve the collaboration among teams.
Pros: Good work opportunities,Good Colleagues, Average work pressure. Good work-life balance.

Cons: Career development depends on your personal relation with the management.
Lack of honesty and transparency from the management.
Vital decisions about your role and career are taken without discussing it with the employer.
Lack of stability &amp; high turn over since 2012.
Lack of "genuine" diversity.
Promotions are based on personal relataions, like &amp; dislike, &amp; not based on your performance and achievements.
Lack of experience and maturity from certain employees at vital positions.
Your  "NATIONALITY" plays a big role in your development.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Products  to work with.
Compensation and allowances.
Bonus.
Was The Best Copmany to work for until 2012.

Cons: This is not the place for you if...
- You do not want accountability for what you do
- You do not have a growth mindset
- You do not take charge of your own development
Advice: - Continue to invest in human capital
- Maintain  the strong product pipeline
- Keep up the reputation as a sustainable company with integrity
Pros: - Meaningful work with a clear sense of purpose
- Flexible work arrangements, good infrastructure and work-life integration
- Opportunity to shape your own career with ample growth opportunities within the company
- Great office environment at a lively location
- Supportive colleagues and a thriving community

Cons: old-fashioned, swiss-dominated leadership - some might say a "good old boys club"; unclear strategy wrt personalized healthcare; constant small reorganizations - slowly been pulling off the bandaid for years, rather than just yank it off --&gt; causing low morale; code of conduct adherence seems to be optional for some senior leaders...
Advice: Take strategy communication more seriously; be more honest, bold and forthright about reorganizing the company;
Pros: Good and always improving office environment; really competitive pay and benefits; in most places a collegial work environment; corporate with a conscience; I love my team!

Cons: Departmental processes need to be less complex and more organized, but this is something that's already being worked on. Other than that, not much!
Advice: Continue to keep site staff in the loop with up and coming goals, accomplishments and organizational updates.
Pros: The company has a wonderful corporate culture at the Mississauga campus. They encourage employee wellness and promote social activities, and are flexible and accommodating when it comes to work-life balance. The campus is beautifully constructed with lots of natural light, adaptive work stations, a full cafeteria, gym, and casual seating areas.

Cons: Extremely political work environment.
Truth is a negotiable concept.
Upper management are very disconnected from the realities of the business.
R&amp;D has had very limited success in Europe (luckily Genentech &amp; Chugai are effective).
Advice: Tone down the inspirational leader emphasis and focus more on the basics.
Avoid the bureaucratic creep of box ticking.
Your career advancement should not be your sole focus.
Pros: Substantial resources
Good reputation among physicians
Opportunities for development
Adept at identifying takeover targets

Cons: Management in Argentina... where to start... it’s a boys club.
Don’t attempt to think on your own, just lower your head and say yes to everything, and don’t ever think of exposing their flaws. You will be the outcast and they will look for any excuse to send you off.
It’s a pity that people still think Roche is a good place to work.
It is not. They have a tyranical policy on which you either are in or you’re out.
Advice: Have the Swiss get rid of top management and start taking care of people who actually do instead of just being there making contacts and see how to backstab others.
Pros: Nice wording, messaging and offices

Cons: Can be a very political organisation, and some leaders simply do not walk the talk when it comes to the leadership commitments.
A change in global head can literally change how you are valued.
Multiple organisation changes and a plethora of initiatives seemed to have little impact in terms of simplifying and streamlining.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits and financial rewards
Plenty of opportunities to develop or move to new roles
Modern working environment 
Values/Leadership commitments set a high standard

Cons: A lot of politics
Advice: It’s a nice place to work if you don’t mind being watched by the HR. It amazed me on how the HR leadership and the way they work.
- no genuine interest in taking care of employees 
- no empathy, the H= Hostile instead of Human
- “Broadcaster” (unprofessional)
- the executives are trained as messenger
- bad in receiving constructive feedback
- they avoid emails. Emails are considered formal request ... making them responsible (most thing will be pushed away)
- benefits are not compatible with other sites

If the company cares about employees’ mental health, you may want to check it out.
Pros: Great learning place for junior positions

Cons: More and more overseas employees taken the management positions. They don't understand the local market but not listen to local staff. They are very short term, only want to get all the benefits from Hong Kong, gain Asia experience and then be promoted to other big countries.
Advice: Please be humble and listen to employees. Respect people in all levels.
Pros: Very resourceful, good colleagues and products

Cons: Old school managers unwilling to change, Bad HR,  online systems that are bodged
Advice: Strip the top management team and start again.  It needs a complete refresh rather than the same old people getting promoted to support the same old ideas.

It used to be a brilliant place to work where people thrived but has been dragged down.
Pros: Working hours , international travel, products

Cons: Roche made me realize that absolutely EVERYTHING in Roche  depends on the chemistry and the daily mood of the day with your manager. It did not turn out very well with sick leaves,  disagreements and ultimately leave of the company.
Advice: Please evaluate managers from a character and clinical perspective as well and not only from a pure professional perspective.
Pros: Roche HQ in Basel is the most elegant and well-equipped offices I ever seen. Everything is of the highest quality; the restaurants, the meeting rooms etc.  The salary benefits are great!

Cons: There are no cons to working here!
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: I am so happy to be a part of this great team. I am a newer employee and I have found that my Manager and colleagues are so supportive and helpful to my growth in this role. Management is open and transparent with goals/objectives and really supportive of One Roche. 

Great benefits, compensation and adaptive work environment.

I love working at my dream job!

Cons: Too much of internal marketing and showbiz by each employee; not ideal for silent genuine workers who are media shy and believe in work speaking for himself; Introspection required - Are they genuinely celebrate diversity
Advice: Organization include Leadership team need to learn to genuinely celebrate diversity
Rather than just social media presence, actual work with cutomer's need to be emphasized
Pros: Patient centricity; Culture and Product Portfolio including pipeline

Cons: Some bureaucracy that hinder fast development (mostly due to being a large corporate).
Due to the very forgiving nature, you can end up with incompetent colleagues every now and then who are not laid off easily.
Advice: None
Pros: A healthy work environment.
Good pay.
Appreciation of effort.
Very nice offices.
The tasks are very diverse and changing so you don't get bored.
A focus on integrity rather than navigating law/ethics loopholes.

Cons: None for now based on my years of service in there!
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing for your employees and the patients!
Pros: Great Place to work, to be honest this is the first time in my entire career i see the leaders here give so much importance to employees and HR takes a lot of initiatives to provide the best for their employees

Cons: Regarding software development, it's not that easy to adopt new technologies.
Advice: Keep your eyes focused on the good talents that you already have instead of trying bring "rockstars" who won't even warm their seats for more than 6 months.
Pros: Lots of benefits, a great culture, a good work and life balance, a very team focused company and a great deal of investment on the employees.

Cons: The development path is not competitive as like in similar huge firms, best fit for someone who seek a steady way of growth
Advice: Improve efficiency rather than hiring bunches of people and make the structure even bigger
Pros: Excellent company for it's reputation in both pharma and dia industry,  the company cares about people and respect a diversified culture

Cons: Sant Cugat Digital Hub (just talking about my experience there) :
This site does not take care of employees. It is not the mission of the Site to keep people / Talent. That explains the high grade of people rotation. Every month people are leaving and new ones are coming. 

There is a big lack of structure, this makes difficult to work for the department and to understand what they expect from you.

Flexibility concept of this site have a total different meaning here many times. It means that you need to be flexible for working at 18.00, 19.00, 20.00, 22.00, etc. They sell it as something good but it is not the case because of that reason. 

 Even though they say the opposite and they really believe it, there is still the culture of, if your boss is in the office you must stay in the office till he leaves. The Digital Hub and Diabetes in general works like a big Silo. This means that if you are expecting to be able to make a career from here forget about it. Maybe Roche Diagnostics (in San Cugat as well) it is different and it is worth to try.
 
If you want to live in Barcelona, then it will take at least 1hour by public transport to reach the site. It does not matter where you live in the city. At the end of the day it always take 1 hour (forget about the car because of traffic jams).

Instability due to lays off planned in US and Germany (Roche Diabetes)
Advice: You have to change everything or if not you will lose the site. Basel gave you a great opportunity, you should not throw it away. Learn how to treat people, try to bring Roche Culture to the Site -  which I am pretty sure has many good values. Try to keep the knowledge in house instead of just hiring externals. If you dont want that people learn while working  they will leave.
Pros: I dont see any apart from colleagues. They are really nice and willing to help at any time.  All in all and from my experience, I would just advise not to work in the site (not in Roche as a company but just in this location)

Cons: Very process driven but company is aware of their pitfalls and looking at ways to work more agile. May be difficult at times due to persons working in the company for numerous number of years so resistant to change.
Advice: Continue listening to employees
Pros: Flexible working from home, little micromanaging, agile way of work

Cons: Recent Budapest SSC Senior Management is terrible. The very few still valuable is being sent away with various "created" reasons. They are building a Kingdom with their servants. They are destroying the values built during 13 years. I hated to go to work this year, as everything  is so false now.
Advice: Be honest!  People are fed up your  lies, communicating false results and no transparency at all, despite the communication. Lies will not engage anyone.
Pros: The Company Roche, in general os ok.

Cons: As organization is still new (just celebrated 3 year anniversary) there is still work to do to integrate new employees into the Roche culture. This is expected in any new set up with substantial growth.
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Growing organization with strong management team that empowers and provides opportunities to team members across the site

Cons: Team leader miserable  , gives you no motivation
Advice: The team leader was miserable on a daily basis, she would never ask how your day was. She’s needs to motivate not make people feel miserable
Pros: Nice office , gym, canteen , lots of days out . Great opportunities

Cons: Management are not fair, they can be kind to you but talk bad things about you to others.
Advice: Choose qualified team leaders instead of amateurs! Listen to the team and give them the opportunity to review their Team leader.
Pros: Few job during month, there are days when there are no tasks at all. 2 home office / week. Annual bonus.

Cons: senior leaders playing musical chair, little collaboration among peers,  hierarchical, white German or English speaking male dominant society, few  managers have  interest in developing people
Advice: Care about employees as much as patients.  Stop being pretentious
Pros: Decent salary, good pension plan

Cons: Coexistance of old and new styles sometimes slows down transformation. But it does not prevent it to happen!
Advice: Keep up this open style
Pros: Developing people matters at Roche as well as growing effective leaders.
Integrity and compliance is an absolute priority as it should be companie. At Roche we live it!

Cons: For a software engineer it might not be the best company compared to other pure software development companies. There is not enough software development on site.
Advice: None
Pros: As a global company there are a lot of career development opportunities.
Job rotations are taken seriously by the company.

Cons: The organization is complex, making change is very difficult and extremely slow
The company has not implemented Agile, everything is a large waterfall planning
Collaboration is very difficult with other groups because each one works inside its own organizational space, instead of working together
Culture is very conservative
Advice: Implement changes
Pros: Colleagues are knowledgeable about the product and helpful
Work schedule flexibility

Cons: A lot of uncertainty, resulting in a lot of reorganizations including a lot of job losses including mine which was outsourced to a cheaper location
Advice: Stop losing good people for highly educated youngsters without any real life experiences
Pros: Good employer to work for, good benefits and work life balance.

Cons: Try not to take the purpose of the company home with you, and ensure you switch off from the great work we are doing, so you can keep coming back and bringing your best to the challenges we face.
Advice: None
Pros: Impact on the world you have, and the inclusive culture that generates a sense of belonging and caring.

Cons: The whole company is a mess
No job security
Senior leadership doesn’t have any clue what they are doing/ didn’t walk the talk
Senior Leadership just talk but no action
No empathy
No sense of belonging
Advice: Please reconsider why you are such a good company at the first place
Pros: Lots and lots of benefits
Generally good colleagues

Cons: Don’t see any at the moment as it is know to be best for a great culture
Advice: None
Pros: The emphasis on people is great - they want you to have a great experience with Roche even if you might not get the role. Everyone in the process is very professional and friendly.

Cons: They tolerate bullying, which unfortunately can override all the positives. Interesting to see that bullying comes up in a lot of these reviews, too.
Advice: None
Pros: Great office, flexible working, some amazing people, fairly informal work culture

Cons: Processes and approach to market could be improved. Heavy reliance on brand equity.
Advice: Focus on making the organisation world-class through processes and approach to market and reduce the heavy reliance on brand equity as the key driver for market differentiation.
Pros: Great brand. High commitment to innovation.

Cons: - many political decisions are taken which could lead to frustrations
Advice: - reduce more hierarchies and release from employees who don't have the right mindset.
Pros: - develop in several areas in a short amount of time 
- moving towards flat hierarchies, agile ways of working 
- diverse, international teams
- fair salary

Cons: The local organization is self centered and tunnel visioned.
Advice: The international organization must be more aware of the kind of people they bring into leadership positions.
Pros: The international organization is passionate about delivering solutions for patients in need.

Cons: The office space is old, hot desk is a mess, processes are slow, a lot of talking but no action. Lots of backstabbers, no one knows what they are doing, awful managers, they would hire any one, zero training if you are at welwyn site. They like to pay staff min compare to other sites. Be aware they think you are cheap if you are recruited there.
Advice: Sort out your managers
Pros: Few professionals people, some nice activities in the summer

Cons: sometimes can be slow with implementing new and transformative things
Advice: continue delegating smaller teams with more authority and encouraging them to be autonomous in desicion-making
Pros: amazing company culture, very strong financial situation, dedicated and heavily investing in science to make an impact on patients' lives

Cons: lot of feedback loops hamper decision making
Advice: S/w design n dev could not be first time right. Iterative dev n testing is the need of the hour
Pros: Detail oriented, perfectionist attitude of SMEs, good work life balance

Cons: Very little opportunity for career growth. political nature in the office is very noticeable.  stressful job for after sales support.
Advice: None
Pros: Number 1 diagnostics company in the world, provides personalized health care to patients. marked as a premium brand all over the world.

Cons: Sometimes you need to have great political skills to move forward in your career
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities
Interesting and changing environment
A supported company in terms of education and training
Nice people around

Cons: An extremely strong tendency to get weak formable people on board. „You either bend or break“-spirit in many teams. Lots of politics. Values exist only on paper.
Advice: None
Pros: International amibiance, good cantine, flexible working hours

Cons: Slow processes and inflexibility in the way the company operates / a huge machine that moves slowly.
Advice: More flexibility toward change and more focus on building strong teams
Pros: fair pay, great culture, talented people.

Cons: hughe transformation, technical issues with certain processes
Advice: More coherency and a bit more organized processes (from documents signature to global SOPs)
Pros: Competitive salaries, good working conditions - nice office, lots of training, abilities to grow within the company

Cons: Some people have a very local mindset and do not have that "systems thinking"
Decentralised still
Budget Management could be better
Advice: Hold people accountable when they continuously do not deliver
Pros: Great speak up culture
Leaders NOT bosses
People want to work together

Cons: Management team is out of touch with employees.
Advice: Establish better connection with employees. Will improve productivity and atmosphere.
Pros: Opportunity for advancement, diversity in tasks, nice buildings and environment

Cons: Difficult rotation into the business
Advice: Set up bridges for auditors for their next roles in the business
Pros: Exposure to the business
Good work life balance

Cons: Political environment, no respect people, no focus on patient first
Advice: None
Pros: I’m a Sr.DM right now. I have 4 years experience in First Line Sale Manager in 2 big international companies

Cons: In comparison to other pharma companies very low salaries.
Advice: Try to keep good workers. All employers should have permanent working contract.
Pros: Professional team, leadership team  eager to learn and always supportive. Very pleasant working atmosphere.

Cons: No room for growth and salary adjustments largely based on manager perception, thus room for favoritism
Advice: Treat all employees equally and objectively
Pros: Great medical cover
Great team members

Cons: Not a good environment for your people, no room to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Working with talent people there
Nice working environment
People are willing to share knowledge
work life balance

Cons: Can be overwehlming. Load work can be very heavy. Not so much time to learn. Is either swim or drawn
Advice: None
Pros: Collaboration spirit and passion. Access to hundreds of different expertise

Cons: -procedures can be long, but hej we are 95‘000 employees worldwide
Advice: better less but more efficient meetings
Pros: -open culture &amp; cooperative environment
-interesting challenges and the possibility to make an impact
-international exchange
-attractive infrastructure and benefits

Cons: salary a bit lower and we need time to take som responsabilities
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, good partners and facilities to learn all the things you need and having help from everyone

Cons: Poor communication between departments. Progression can be difficult
Advice: Look to employees that are looking for more of a challenge and progression opportunities
Pros: Great culture, supportive everyone wants you to succeed.

Cons: - Political
- Hard work does not pays off
- Promotions and mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Perks, flexibility at work, respect from managers and peers

Cons: It is not so easy to change the position inside the company, the possibility of growth is relative
Advice: The management is one of the best
Pros: Good company, good salary with a lot of benefits

Cons: Takes forever to do anything. Coffee is more important than work. Politics...
Advice: Be agile! Mean it...
Pros: Great learnings and exposure to many great people. Best network ever.

Cons: - Not enough candor by management.
Advice: None
Pros: - Passionate employees, focusing on saving lives
- Flexible work culture, openness and respect
-Lots of opportunities for mobility and growth

Cons: Ocasionally scattered organization among/between teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, willing to help, teach and explain. Do not take your 'intern' work for granted instead give value to every contribution you make

Cons: Very process driven. Slow to implement changes.
Advice: Listen to your work force and value their input
Pros: Great set of co-workers. A real passion for making a difference to people with diabetes.

Cons: Huge company, therefore slow at going forward
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours, can do over hours and use them for more vacation
Can learn a lot, easy to connect with new people, good company culture

Cons: Hard to get promoted.  Bonus is low
Advice: Try to improve talent retention
Pros: Great atmosphere, good social benefits, working culture is good too

Cons: Could be a little impersonal as is the case for big companies
Instability of the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Free learning and training modules
Very learned, educated, well-mannered staff

Cons: difficult to shake this heavy machine
depending on your department career development may be limited
Advice: really apply empowerment concept
Pros: international working environment and innovative products

Cons: It is still a family business style and sometimes it may be conservative.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is quite dedicated its efforts in oncology area and in the middle of digital transformation.

Cons: Complicated process. 
Some middle managers without a vision.
Technical career path is not well defined.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment. 
Nice and competitive colleagues. 
Interesting mission and task.

Cons: Lack of clarity around future opportunities and salary levels
Advice: Keep listening to employees
Pros: Rarely does a company really mean empowerment and autonomy but Roche HK is really living by that!

Cons: There are no cons that I can’t think of - I love working for this company
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: Career development, great management, manu benefits, amazing coworkers, global experience

Cons: The pressure is not much, there are a lot of activities organizing for employees engagement and team work
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life balance is the great thing to work at Roche

Cons: No cons, could not fault the place.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to be, the company was very welcoming and kind. Lovely atmosphere to work in and would recommend anyone working there.

Cons: Poisonous powerfulconnections in top management
Advice: Make sure people can deliver and not just talk
Pros: Great offerings and colleagues- fantastic portfolio

Cons: Mature business with less room for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit with business trip each year, medical and life insurance covering family members, bonus for healthcare products, or even sports shoes

Cons: Slow and weak on processes
Advice: Should focus more on people and career development
Pros: Inspiring work, positive impact for patients, high focus on sustainability

Cons: Benefits  were lower compared to the average of the industry but considered good for a person starting his/her professional carreer
Advice: -
Pros: Nice office, poasibilities to learn and develeo

Cons: Slow moving in transformations and new hiring
Advice: Be open to remote work. It's the future.
Pros: The science. The people are so intelligent and caring about their colleagues and their work.

Cons: A giant company which everything is slow and collaboration is not easy.
Advice: None
Pros: A multi national company who serves Patients healthcare as its noble purpose

Cons: Scientific environment, to times narrow minded
Advice: Do the change you believe in, don't wait for it to happened.
Pros: Great benefits, strong culture, want to empower people

Cons: Hierarchy and structure very present, not a problem when there is a good relationship with line manager
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of on-site facilities, very structured, promotes oppertunity in the workplace

Cons: Flat structure leads to minimal opportunities for advancement
Advice: No advice, great place to work
Pros: well paid, flexible working hours and supportive management, team morale is high.

Cons: Nothing much to complain as they are on track
Advice: Keep going with the positions and strategies
Pros: System, employee benefits, people management

Cons: Career opportunities, medium range salaries, discrimination on promotions
Advice: Truly manage talent on the what's and the HOWS!
Pros: Work life balance, global dimension, company name

Cons: Lack of empathy from line manager
Advice: Exit interview should happen for anyone leaving who has been there longer than 10 years
Pros: Great relationships with other

Cons: Can get a bureaucratic only because of the company's sheer size
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, excellent work-life balance, everyone is left to themselves to be responsible and meet deadlines

Cons: Reorgs every now and then, decision making slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks (health insurance, flexibility for kindergarten, free parking). Good environment.

Cons: Maybe still too hierarchical and not agile
Advice: None
Pros: Great base pay, good opportunities to grow within the company, excellent life work balance

Cons: No words to write for cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Because of ROCHE I am able to help around 15K people to manage and monitor their diabetes and  stay safe.

Cons: Work presure , insentives delayed
Advice: Check on RM, ASM AND EXECUTIVE
Pros: Value individuals, good pay , Market leader Brand leader, customer convenient

Cons: Working happy or unhappy depend on which group you're in. In some group, management is bad.
Advice: None
Pros: good company, open-minded, benefit is also good

Cons: Poor work life balance within the company but culture is slowly evolving for the better.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive and ambitious team, yet highly collaborative.

Cons: Internal processes can take longer than in other companies, due to strict adherence to policies
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities, quality employment with great benefits

Cons: PhD grads who don't understand anything from medical and clinical science lead and don't listen to others
Advice: None
Pros: not a very bad salary

Cons: Management does not like women with children &amp; very political
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and benefit system

Cons: Bullying is common unfortunately. Work life balance isn’t really there
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit and amazing offence

Cons: Silos between the global teams. Locally, great collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: they have established a new SSC in KL. Wonderful experience with great challenges to solve &amp; gain experience

Cons: Possibly gives you an unrealistic expectation of business with how freely they spend money
Advice: None
Pros: Training and development is important to roche. They value their employees

Cons: Complex processes; Politics; Lack of clear direction (too many priorities)
Advice: Continue encouraging simplification and removal of politics
Pros: People; Development opportunities; Work environment

Cons: processes, processes and more processes
Advice: Remove processes and adapt to the new market challenges
Pros: Good benefits: day offs, training

Cons: Leaders support political agendas, is a company where only the image is considered and not the skills of the people. Leaders even support non ethical practices. To get hired from other laboratories, they investigate you for having worked at Roche.
Advice: Change management, hire new management that fosters new generation practices.
Pros: Payment within the industry, good benefits

Cons: None can think of, maybe the location but that would be it!
Advice: None
Pros: All the benefits, annual leave, flexi working. Great work/life balance.

Cons: Political and complicated to work across the teams
Advice: None
Pros: Strong RnD and good benefit program

Cons: Inequality and biased: Some employee gets extra benefits though having similar qualifications and strength.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Good environment
2. Vast scope of learning

Cons: Corrupt senior management, extremely political and fearful culture, values aren’t truly lived. Not enough focus on the science and too much incompetence.
Advice: Lost cause. Radical changes needed across the board.
Pros: At one point a thriving company with tonnes of opportunity. People were innovative, and worked together to make a difference.

Cons: lack of leadership in some areas
poor management in some areas
Genentech/Roche cultures are sometimes clashing
Advice: None
Pros: good working culture
brilliant people
work life balance can be achieved

Cons: Restructures produce an unsettled vibe and some staff are resentful
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, all opinions from all staff valued, great benefits

Cons: Slow uptake of new technology, very political environment
Advice: Encourage change and drive it forward
Pros: Good salary and focus on people

Cons: Managing large count of customers
Advice: None
Pros: Experience and challenges and honesty

Cons: No clarity on extensions and arbitrary terminations
Advice: None
Pros: Well supported RPF program in terms of resources. The pay is good.

Cons: sometimes you have to work over nights with global colleagues
Advice: None
Pros: high social reputation from local communities

Cons: Poor Benefits & lack of trainings in English language.
Advice: None
Pros: Environment, purpose, personal and professional development

Cons: Nothing much to say, great place in every respect.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee protection and satisfaction.
Great learning experience

Cons: It is a job limited in time
Advice: None
Pros: Networking possibilities, acquire knowledge of the industry enviroment, nice working atmosphere

Cons: Need to increase parking facilities
Advice: None
Pros: Nice wroking atmosphere.
Digital HR and IT service and easy access.
Good canteen facility.
Work time flexibility.

Cons: Nothing to say about it
Advice: Keep on inspiring the team
Pros: Purpose, horizontal chances (job rotation incentives), high tech

Cons: efforts and deliveries not much appreciated by others
Advice: None
Pros: a cross-functional role very interactive with other stakeholders

Cons: It has mostly a conservative atmosphere so might not be tempting for young people.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice and intelligent people

Cons: organizational changes happen and it causes loss of your job.
Advice: None
Pros: Working in headquarter in Basel has lots of good  benefits

Cons: - Lots of different corporate processes (f.e. setting goals, participating in extra activities)
Advice: None
Pros: - Stable employment
- Development opportunities

Cons: Toxic environment and favoritism in the culture
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse culture and very good benefits

Cons: Constant lay offs and challenging work environment
Advice: Provide more structure
Pros: Good compensation and opportunity to learn

Cons: No work life balance nmore admin works
Advice: Please accept the change
Pros: Good Salary and benefits. Many HR policy

Cons: Global company therefore sometimes difficult with late meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing place to work. Great work life balance.

Cons: Too much politics, conservative, slow moving,  not transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, development, jobs within the company, benefits

Cons: Unorganised systems and IT.
Trackers for trackers.
Advice: None
Pros: great opportunities to move around and grow within

Cons: A big company that get sometimes very hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: A nice and respectful work environment

Cons: Lack of career development
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at with diverse culture. Practicing agile approach for project

Cons: I have no negative point.
Advice: None
Pros: Pleasant environment, gives all the necessary tools for the development of your work.

Cons: Can be silo’d, arbitrary hierarchy but they are trying to foster a flat organizational system
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, management support, development opportunities

Cons: For me only the way.
I have 70km to go at work
Advice: None
Pros: You can improve you on a great work placr

Cons: a lot of processes (but mandatory and important in terms of compliance)
Advice: None
Pros: culture, values
employee development, (international) career opportunities
innovation, quality of our products

Cons: I have no cons to comment
Advice: Excellent vision and portfolio
Pros: Overall Conditions; Values and products

Cons: Nothing found, they are working good
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Teamwork and mentorship, career advise and counsiling

Cons: Team work to protect populations from diseases
Advice: Discover new skills
Pros: Contributing to the improvement of healthcare

Cons: Location is far from a place to live in
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, good ambient, nice facilities

Cons: Poor management decisions. Not easy to develop.
Advice: None
Pros: Great idea of the future world of medicine.

Cons: Poor environment and management, political and inefficient organization
Advice: None
Pros: Nice pay and nice benefits

Cons: No negative comments to share
Advice: None
Pros: - flexible hours
- very flexible and understanding for parents
- friendly and supportive environment

Cons: Internal politics, Career advancement might be difficult, Long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, Interesting work, Learning opportunities, Nice colleagues

Cons: The positions are sometimes to specific and the employees too specialised
Advice: None
Pros: International, diverse, agile, innovative, leader

Cons: No clear career path
The salary are a little under the market
Advice: None
Pros: Grace place to work. Mood

Cons: With Roche you can have secured future in job
Advice: None
Pros: Slow in decision making and implementing change.

Cons: Consensus is encouraged at all times but can slow decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: Patient first, strong ethics and great science

Cons: not very high salary even including benefits
Advice: None
Pros: experienced people, work culture, the office, technical meetings

Cons: Not many. The canteen is expensive!
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, good leadership — a fun and meaningful place to work.

Cons: Things take time to implement
Advice: None
Pros: Great focus on people and career development

Cons: I don’t think there are cons to work for Roche
Advice: None
Pros: - Workplace
- People
- Benefits
- Life work balance
-

Cons: No peer2peer reviews, some incompetent colleagues
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting project, new technologies, not too much pressure

Cons: many meetings, 
sometimes annoying corporate bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: people, 
atmosphere, 
culture, 
flexibility, 
office

Cons: Long decision making process, many layers to align
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, great pipeline and medical value

Cons: no significant cons come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Overall purpose to help patients, and the company culture

Cons: The distance from home to the office
Advice: None
Pros: It is an innovative, qualitative and very patient centric company

Cons: management is sometime complex and not clear
Advice: None
Pros: autonomy, employee is key , nice office

Cons: Underpaid for long hours and title
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits,  global company and culture

Cons: I do not see any
Advice: None
Pros: The best place to work and advance in your career

Cons: As such not found any.
Advice: NA
Pros: Excellent company &amp; employee friendly policies &amp; environment.

Cons: Global time zones can be challenging, especially long term.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, international, well supported, rewarding

Cons: Current lack of junior engineer position in Malaysia
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and Work life balance

Cons: No cons about the Roche company
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Very good Managers and supportive colleagues

Cons: Not High Salary,  you cannot develop your self
Advice: None
Pros: Reliable,  best place to work, Friendly

Cons: Complexity of working in a large pharma company.
Advice: None
Pros: The people, the culture and the diversity

Cons: must improve in consistency and integration
Advice: None
Pros: Leader, strong longtime vision, welcomes employee´s involvement

Cons: A lot of bureaucracy, processes move slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation and many opportunities to grow

Cons: Growth is hampered due to less hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is pretty chilled.

Cons: Lack of progression 
Emotional managers and always out of office
Advice: None
Pros: Free breakfast, full of events

Cons: Uncertainty, Bias, Politics, HR , Strategy
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative Molecules,  Product Pipeline, Learning opportunities

Cons: lack of policy to retain experienced people
Advice: None
Pros: Great Environment, a great place to learn

Cons: the organisation should work on the inter dept. Collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: Good Learning
Great Exposure
Lot of room for innovation

Cons: Management Not quite there to listen to employees
Advice: None
Pros: Working environment is pleasant as it’s in town.

Cons: Nothing really was less good
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is great at Roche UK

Cons: No cons in that company
Advice: Continue your good work
Pros: Everything is pros and good values

Cons: Nothing and it needs continue same
Advice: It really Good Company
Pros: Excellent Client and Good Project People

Cons: long working hours and overtime
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Good salary structure and incentives

Cons: nothing to complain really here
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and conditions, flexible working, looking after their people

Cons: big, slow, regulated, known, pharma
Advice: None
Pros: innovative, power, rich , goba, salary
