Cons: Although they claim to have calibration meetings during performance reviews to ensure everyone is treated equally when it comes to reviews and promotions the truth is that everyone is not always held to the same standards. At times, people could be getting promotions doing the bare minimum in some groups while others work hard only to be denied a promotion.
Advice: Treat everyone as equally as possible. I realize it may be difficult, but I think a slightly better job could be done.
Pros: I came to Roche shortly after graduating from college and I am very happy with my experience here. I have learned a great deal from my colleagues and have been fortunate to have a great manager and group. Our site is shutting down at the end if the summer so I will be looking for opportunities elsewhere but I would gladly work for Roche again.

Cons: Mid Level Managers / Supervisors were not very knowledgeable about detailed aspects of the tests.  Many of the mid level supervisors were good at delegated assignments but did not input much of the technical knowledge.  A large percentage of supervisors are hired from outside companies and very rarely promoted from within Roche.

Roche employs a large percentage of contract workers.  Many hope to secure a permanent full time position but few do.
Advice: Upper management needs to assist mid level managers and supervisors in dealing with employees.  Supervisors must obtain greater knowledge about products (assays and instrumentation).
Pros: The bench work scientists are an educated and highly devoted group of individuals.  They are a team oriented group of workers.  

Benefits are good and Roche is a very stable company.

Cons: Upper managment in Basel is disconnected from the strategy in Palo Alto. Hence the site is getting the short end of the stick - as was evidend with the decision to close it and dispand two well established and qualified therapy areas.
Advice: Be more candid with your strategy communication: people will respect that a therapy area may have been exhausted for its commercial potential versus keeping up a  front, moving a fragment of the staff to a different location pretending to still be active in a given scientific area.
Pros: The scinece has high quality and standards.
Good benefit structure.
Good focus on overall corporate wellbeing, employee teambuilding etc.

Cons: Management needed to communicate more efficiently and it was very unfortunate that with the site closure, a lot of employees were dissatisfied with the communications regarding the events leading up to the closure.
Advice: The employees are basically the engine of the company. A little more consideration would have been much appreciated and would've made the transition so much easier.
Pros: Roche Palo Alto had such a beautiful campus. Most importantly, the company had intelligent, hard working, and pleasant employees which made it so easy to come to work everyday. Roche offers careers across the U.S. and around the world for people with passion who are looking for great satisfaction and great reward from their work.

Cons: bad cafe foods
tasks over-predefined and no more room to apply advanced programming skills
doing some silly programming jobs most of the time by just clicking the buttons with minimum debugging info
too many TC, especially early morning TC for employee in USA
some first-line managers are really bad at managing people, always discouraging or distracting their hardworking employee even when they got a task done with surprisingly good results. Maybe those managers are pessimistic and under pressure thus make the team as unhappy as her/him
Advice: When the first-line manager's boss is in Europe, it is very easy for the first-line manager to hide a lot of problems locally. Please connect with the employee directly.
Pros: Big name company in the pharma field
Lots of training chances and materials if you are willing to learn
nice office and location

Cons: Unfair promotions (or luck there off), very low salary increase even to the best performers.  Poor dissemination of important information from the top down.  Very political in some departments.
Advice: Please share information -- you'll get more committed employees, who's decisions would be more educated.  Share knowledge across sites -- there is so much lost with Palo Alto closing.
Pros: Great benefits (maternity leave, vacation, retirement plan) package.  A good place to learn new skills, a lot of knowledge in R&D.  Beautiful campus.

Cons: If you do not do well with change this may not be the place to work. There are frequent reorgs, not to the point of disruption, but at least once a year.
Advice: Overall Ventana is a great place to work and develop one's career. Keep providing regular feedback to your direct reports and continue to allow creativity in the workplace.
Pros: Great working environment. Good people who enjoy what they do and work well together. Hard work and initiative is recognized by management.

Cons: Big corporate culture. Start-up flavor lost. Moves with the agility of the USS Arizona. Technology may be losing its market luster a bit. Work harder! Vacation time is a mega downer.
Advice: The Europe to America to Goodness-Only-Knows-Where-Else 18 month management merry-go-round is a little weird. Not BAD per se, just weird. Middle-management seems to lack vision or power (or both). Upper management seems to get it, though.
Pros: The people in general are great. The R&D pipeline is fun to be involved with. The benefits package is really good.

Cons: Maybe true to all big companies, some times it involves several departments to address one issue that could be well addressed by a single department.  This makes you feel efficiency needs to be improved.
Advice: Needs more diversity in middle management - not just male female ratio.  A global company needs to put more people from different culture background in leadership position.
Pros: Work life balance, good resources and talented colleagues.  Trust between management and employees are good.  Very transparent in communicating changes and what's happening in the industry.

Cons: Company relied on past products and did not look to add products to the pipeline. Employee benefits reduced due to economy but still ahead of others in clubs and activites they offer and sponsor
Advice: Do not rest on your laurels; current products will run out of patent. Stay competitive with offerings and benefits of other companies.
Pros: Great benefits (health, dental, life), on site health care facility of licensed nurses and doctors, their own fire dept, great cafeterias, family time atmosphere

Cons: Roche - Genentech Merger has ruined it all for most of us.
Advice: Stop talking about how great Roche will be when you know hundreds of people are on their way out.  Show some respect by not always touting how great the site will be when you know people who are losing their jobs are in the audience.
Pros: Smart people.  Great place to work and salaries are very competetive.

Cons: takes lots of time to grow within the company, pay could be better, sales opportunities are far and few between (if looking to get into sales)
Advice: overall i think management and leadership is great. i think the president is taking the company in the right direction
Pros: lots of room for growth, highly respected and reputable company, great communication from management, promote from within, good pay if you're in the right department

Cons: 1- Constantly reorganizing and changing position titles and job descriptions.
2- No clear objectives or goals.
3- Recent layoff of employees due to Gennentech acquisition.
Advice: 1- Retain your most valuable employees since these are the reasons for Roche's growth and success. 
2- No need to keep reorganizing and confusing employees ever so often.
Pros: 1- Global company with diverse employees.
2- Great benefit package.
3- Above average compensation.

Cons: Too crowded and very chaotic these days.  lab space is very limited as palo Alto people moved in.  After the headquarter move to San Francisco the stablity of this site is not sure.
Advice: Please do not promote the squuky wheels
Pros: Family oriented company.  Can maitain the work life balance.  New benefits are great.  No complain

Cons: Managment no longer has the experience & knowledge to keep up with the needs & education of their employees. New employees & recently promoted tend to be lost in the shuffle. Lack of mentorship
Advice: Get the knowledge to train staff on tasks. Management needs to keep up with the pace.
Pros: Global envirenmont, Good benefits packages. Most employees are life long Roche employees

Cons: Incompetant management
Constantly changing directions
Low level behavioral expectations
Rewarding of poor performers to "get rid of the problem"
Advice: Consider quality people for open positions, don't pre-pick candidates.  Reward hard work and loyalty.  Lead by example.
Pros: Good work/life balance
Fair amount of comraderie
Good benefits
Good working conditions

Cons: The management chain of command has issues
Advice: The management chain of command has issues, responsiblity and requirements poor flow down the top goals are clear but responsiblity to get there has issues
Pros: Cancer research  is great for people fighting cancer, they work to improve patients life

Cons: It has a very busy/ hectic working environment.
Advice: Be more intuitive to promote open communications w/ coworkers
Pros: It is a good company to work for. It offers a great opportunity for career growth/development.

Cons: Trust your instincts if you're going through the interview process.  If the manager seems like a phoney, she probably is!  The one I worked under was very belittling, didn't keep her word, played backstabbing games and had unethical practices!
Advice: The drive for money shouldn't dictate the results!
Pros: Started out as a great position until new management came into play.

Cons: Opaque management and cryptic decisions lead to total lack of confidence.
Advice: Be honest and admit your mistakes!
Pros: Wonderful opportunities for collaborative science and medicine across company divisions.

Cons: Tedious work, can get boring at times.
Advice: Everyone is very nice and I enjoy working for them.
Pros: Great company, people are extremely friendly.

Cons: benefit not good? not easy to promote
Advice: no
Pros: Good culture?work time flexable?pay little higher

Cons: Michael Tillman was a complete fool.  Arrogant, incompetent and destructive.  With new leadership in place, trust with the employees needs to be rebuilt
Advice: Listen to your workforce.  You have great, loyal people who know what they are doing.  Get rid of anyone that Tillman promoted-I mean anyone-they are all really rotten people!
Pros: Great products,  ethical corporate mission, strong finanically

Cons: Time spent on organizational politics far exceeds that of getting the job done. Pharma and diagnostics completely independent divisions. Scientific and financial background with a very conservative marketing culture. Freedom to experiment but no desire to change, largely fueled by portfolio success. Mix of traditionally decentralized organization and recentralization of a number of function, creating some confusion, compounded by a clash of culture with Genentech's.
Advice: Do not think innovation is limited to scientific research, do not be content to address tomorrow's marketing challenges with yesterday's proven techniques. The slash and burn approach resulting from new senior management team and Genentech acquisition is letting go of a lot of knowledge and experience which is fast becoming counter-productive.
Pros: It is quite easy to go over organizational boundaries and hierarchical lines, as well as taking initiatives beyond one's formal job description. New CEO very charismatic, but his inspiring, it would be great if this new style could trickle down through the company.

Cons: Mediocrity accepted
Focus on just trying hard as opposed to delivering results
Conservative values
Lack of courage and creativity.  Market follower, not leaders
Good ole boy network (white males) rules
Poor career management support and succession management, even for those considered "high potential"
Americans are not given career opportunities.  Must be from Germany or Germanic country (Switzerland, Austria, etc.)
Advice: Finally, Roche is getting more focused on the needs of US market.  Time will tell to see if it is a passing fad or just trend du jour.  Need to appreciate and welcome outside ideas and embrace innovation.  Treat people as valuable assets that are full of potential to contribute and have real responsibility.  Implement true career management and succession management so high potential talent knows what roles they can prepare themselves for and aspire to.
Pros: Good benefits
Indy is a good place with lots to do and affordable cost of living
No patent expirations that lead to significant revenue loss (unlike pharma companies)
Friendly people

Cons: -The company constantly puts the wrong people in management positions. Getting ahead is all about networking and who you know, not about your performance. The result is a whole rotten pot of the same type of manager - micro manager, narcissistic, insecure and no personal skills.
-The global department IS NOT global..... not many employees who have international experience, or even global management skills for that matter.
-Not an EOE. Male dominated in Germany
Advice: Offer a career development plan and assess the line managers ... regular feedback sessions with the direct reports should be done to see how the line manager is doing his job!
Pros: -good salary and benefits
-extra vacation
-Just hired an American head of diagnostics who has some good ideas
-Severin is making good progress

Cons: Management needed to communicate more efficiently and it was very unfortunate that with the site closure, a lot of employees were dissatisfied with the communications regarding the events leading up to the closure.
Advice: The employees are basically the engine of the company. A little more consideration would have been much appreciated and would've made the transition so much easier.
Pros: Roche Palo Alto had such a beautiful campus. Most importantly, the company had intelligent, hard working, and pleasant employees which made it so easy to come to work everyday.

Cons: Too gentle and soft, not aggressive enough, slow compared with other competitors, promotion ladder is somehow not clear and fair.
Advice: With great hope for the new CEO who is young and with lots of new ideas. Hope to invest more on people development.
Pros: Big company, very good R&D, good products, acceptable pay, people are nice and gentle, say nice things to each other. This might change after acquired Gennetech.

Cons: It is a very demanding job. You really have to love being in contact with customers and know how to deal with stress.
Advice: A more clear strategy and let the employees know where the company is going to
Pros: it is a good place to learn. Roche has a number of resources to develop its people, but it's up to you to take advantage of those resoruces

Cons: A permanent conflictual environment, with the local managers focused on their conflict rather on their people, arbitrary promotions and work recognition. Is not a place to be recommended (Bucharest office only!!)
Advice: Take a closer look to your people than to your conflicts.
Pros: High salaries (as manager), recognition, great products, best place on the local market

Cons: Often expected to relocate to advance your career. Not always using the state of the art technology, which in IT can be a problem for external opportunities.
Advice: Rethink the value of globalization and how services can best be delivered to support the business and utilmately benefit our patients.
Pros: Pleasant environment, people are conscientous, opportunity to travel, career development opportunities if motivated, You feel good working towards the delivery of new medicines.

Cons: Too much emphasis in meeting milestones led to many milestones achieved but poor results in getting compounds to the market. Many corporate decision were flawed.
Advice: Too late now the site is closed. Change is good but constant change is a distraction and does not lead to good work.
Pros: It was a good company to work for during the Syntex days. 
Salary and benefits were average.

Cons: not alot of promotion opportunity, very political, and everything moves at a snails pace.  Management communication is lacking and the organization is constantly changing resulting in frustration and uncertainity about roles and responsibilities.
Advice: Stablize!
Pros: good work life balance and compensation package.  Good neighborhood, nice "college" like campus, on site gym, great cafe and company store.

Cons: too much pressure to handle and very limit promotion inside; organization is not very good and sometime you feel trustrated
Advice: sometime not very helpful to solve the problems, expect to have a big improvement; not very organized and efficient too
Pros: Good salary and benefit, people are friendly and helpful, good environment to work, good promotion, vocation time is plenty. I like it.

Cons: Seniority and hierarchy based in job situations. Need more responsive management style that encourages employees to provide ideas and solutions.
Advice: Need more employee involvement in decision making and encourage an open door policy coupled with quick response that is often lacking.
Pros: values employees and provides lot of training opportunities, career and personal. HLR is flexible and fair in treatment, fair compensation.

Cons: Perhaps its too quite for somebody used to deal with stress, agressive timelines, etc. Salary is not bad but could be better.
Advice: Management within Roche is quite competent.
Pros: Its a good place to work. Environment is bigger than most of the ISP with latest technology. Engineers have the chance to decide what to use and time to test.

Cons: the positive work culture at Roche is in jeopardy of being ruined by the arrogance of the new Genentech colleagues.
Advice: get Genentech- which is part of the Roche group, under control or face loosing lots of talent globally.
Pros: overall package is very good
global experience is promoted
systems and tools are improving

Cons: you are one annoymous cog in a wheel of 40 000
weighting in the group is Roche pharma 75% : Roche Diagnostics 25%
rigid structure and inflexibility
not international, but rather a grouping of national independent "satellite" structures
Advice: consider employees as people and not numbers
Pros: renommé of working for a big group
compensation compared to other companies

Cons: have to work harder than other companies
Advice: some people went up to the ladder faster than normal and that cause many problem there.
Pros: It's salary was higher than other companies and it was a highly prestigious place

Cons: Sometimes very political and very hard to get decisions and things done.
Advice: Always Walk the talk, give and ask for real feedback.
Pros: Great development opportunities and fairness in treating employees. Very international environment and a lot of resources available.

Cons: very consensus driven
conservative in terms of career management
not very action oriented
Advice: Keep on running the company as well as in the past
Pros: well run company
very good working environment
people passionale about their work
limited politics
kind people, intellectual
one of the mos successful pharma companies

Cons: Meger with Genentech seems to go south
Advice: Find a long term strategy and stick to it. Too many changes in R & D over the last few years. decision to stop RNAi research is short sighted.
Pros: Decent compensation, large international company

Cons: Depending on department, the recognition for your work may be minimal.  Career advancement is scattered at best with limited support for career development.
Advice: Engage your workforce by better information sharing, job recognition and career advancement and development.  Address issues poor management using training.
Pros: Depending on department, you may get good support and exposure working in Roche.  Roche invests in new technology and hiring.

Cons: Moving towards bio-tech. Small molecule phasing out.
Advice: Could have retain good employees in place of retirees
Pros: Innovative and expanding. Lots of opportunity to develope skills and advancement in career.

Cons: ununderstanding management too high expectations
Advice: give second chances to employees and take it easy on them be less harsh
Pros: good name, pay and challenge

Cons: Senior management changes direction often
Advice: Stick with one direction longer than just a few years!
Pros: Good large company to work for.

Cons: frozen promotions,  vague messages from a high management
Advice: keep respecting your staff
Pros: good training, work-life balance, gym at the site
