Cons: Work/life balance can be questionable, depending on your manager.  Too many directors and VP's means that the company is too top-heavy and not enough focus is on what is actually going on.  Quality is spouted as something very important, but it is frequently sacrificed for profit.  There are no career opportunities for hard working employees, though if you are willing to dive into the politics and social aspects of the company, you can move up quickly, regardless of your qualifications.  The cultural beliefs are something else that are propped up as important, but again, if you actually practice them, you get nowhere, especially if you bring up anything negative (such as potential issues).  Finally, there are certain members of HR that seem to have it out for certain employees.  Instead of being fair, they are totally and completely biased and they are never wrong in their own eyes.  If you get on their bad side, you will not be treated well at the company and you will not get the promotions you deserve.
Advice: This is more to Mara:  get rid of the bad seeds in both management and HR.  All they are doing is hurting the company more and more each day and pushing away the best employees.  Actually focus on quality instead of just saying it.  Our customers can tell the difference and when they start leaving, it will not matter how much product is produced.
Pros: Decent pay for Tucson, where there are not many large employers.  Benefits are actually pretty good.

Cons: Along with the tremendous mass of those who are welcoming, there are some select individuals that I have encountered that are not, but these are few and far between within the company.  Contracted employees be advised, I am currently one and will not be hired on permanently because there is no room in my department.  They will contract and anticipate room will open up, but it will not always do so.  Do not let this deter you, but if you are contracted, be sure to have a backup plan just in case.
Advice: None
Pros: I remember my first day on campus, and the atmosphere was just so completely welcoming.  People I had never even met would just walk up to say hi, and it was nice to feel so much like I belong from the first time I walked through the door.  Honestly, that is really how it has been the entire time that I have been with Ventana.  They manufacture top quality diagnostics products that people can believe in, and that are helping to save lives every day.  The most rewarding part of the job is during the all-employee meetings, Dr. Grogan presents the employees with a case study on a patient where Ventana products have helped to save their life with a focus on personalized medicine.  It is very enlightening, and it definitely lets you know that you are making a difference in the lives of all patients afflicted with cancer, regardless of your role.  Benefits are amazing, and there is a ton of opportunity throughout Ventana and the rest of the Roche community.

Cons: There was no face to face training. It was fine, just different. The parent company treated us like second class citizens. But if you were lucky enough to be paired up with some good parent company counterparts, the experience was great. 

The health insurance was just ok. But at least we had health insurance. 

Like a lot of PDI contracts we had to use our own cars and the reimbursement was not that great. 

The biggest con was we were not hired on to be full-time reps. We worked on a contract for over two years  really getting the word out to the HCPs and the company didn't think we were good enough to be part of their actual organization. If they thought there was a big problem, they should have fixed, retrained, and addressed that issue with the currents reps they had. We were very dedicated to moving their sales forward and in the end it was a slap in the face.  Of course, there will always be reps that take advantage of the situation. But as a first time contract worker, I still took my sales and job just as seriously as I did when I was a direct hire.
Advice: Value the employees that are dedicated to moving your business forward, contract sales force or direct hires.
Pros: Great manager, very helpful recuiter, trainer was very nice. 

My counterpart that worked for the company contracting us was really great. I was lucky to have a good partner. We had the same goal, make sales. She was very supportive,

Cons: - Reorganization happens on a seemingly annual basis - managers and directors get shuffled around to different business units, while individual contributors get laid off (although severance packages are generous)
- Promotions can be difficult to obtain, at least at the individual contributor/lower management level.  At the same time, remaining in the same position for longer than a few years is a bad idea, as it can give the impression that you aren't interested in taking on new challenges and potentially target you for the next round of layoffs.  You must aggressively seek out your own career development and network with the right people within the company, in order to move ahead.
- Innovation and creativity can be stifled by layers of regulatory, quality and security control
Advice: Your commitment to employees and being a good corporate citizen is appreciated.  However, the continual restructuring and shifts in focus contribute to an overall perception that leadership is reactive rather than proactive, and disconnected from actual day-to-day work done by lower-level employees and managers.  Consider seeking detailed input from those on the "front lines" as you look to make decisions in the future.
Pros: - Company shows integrity and has a strong commitment to employees and the community
- Good pay and outstanding benefits - it would be hard to find a company that could match or exceed what Roche offers
- Employees receive frequent perks and special appreciation events
- Large company, many potential career paths available
- Pleasant working environment

Cons: The highest level of the organization can not be trusted.   Reorganizations are endless and have been occuring for several years.  Hundreds of people have lost their jobs without ever knowing the real reasons why.  Many people throughout the Roche Divisions live in constant fear of losing their jobs. 

When an individual is  "re-orged" out, HR will put notes in the employee file such as "not eligible for rehire" - even if the employee was in good standing at the time of the "re-org".   In some cases, particularly brutal managers will destroy a person mentally first in hopes that they will quit first - especially if the individual might be up for a severance package if they were to stay and get "re-orged" out instead.  

 Individuals in the sales organization have it the toughest.  They are the scapegoats for all the Company's woes.

A root cause of the ruthlessness is the declining business in several of the Divisions and overall inability of the organization to meet profit margins year after year.
Advice: Get a soul
Pros: There are good training programs and good benefits.  There are very nice people in Indianapolis.

Cons: The Roche acquisition changed the color of things at Ventana; we're not a scrappy start-up anymore.  We went from biggest fish in a small pond (something to hang your hat on) to tiny fish in a big ocean ($500m revenue is a drop in the bucket to Roche Dia's billions).  Still vital, and absolutely crucial to Roche's diagnostics portfolio, however.  Many people are seeing the recent consolidation of commercial operations to Indianapolis as a death knell; those people don't realize that Ventana is more than US commercial operations.  Sorry to see friends go, but it's optimizing operations and freeing up space for Development, Manufacturing, Marketing and other global organizations to grow.  Many of those leaving already have jobs in Indy, so net job loss is minimal.
Advice: Transparency is King, particularly in challenging times such as we're in now with some recent high profile departures.
Pros: The culture can't be beat- it's embraced by nearly every employee.  The products are best-in-market and getting better.  Top-notch science and experience- such that even Roche's pharma competitors are in long lines to sign contracts with Ventana for companion diagnostic work.

Cons: The largest complaint I had was how long it took to push a project through to completion. A lot of this was caused by implementation of Roche policies after the acquisition, and some is caused by a lack of communication between departments, which is a bit baffling when one considers the number of meetings which take place. These issues are ones which I believe plague many larger companies. Ventana certainly continues to make efforts to fix the procedural problems. There are also some issues with using old technology and re-implementing designs which had flaws in the first place, without spending more time and resources for innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful campus in Oro Valley, northern Tucson, with the Catalina mountains as a backdrop. Many of the younger employees are adventurous and athletic and participate in cycling and hiking and cross fit. Ventana cares about its employees and offers a lot of benefits. Being owned by Roche, there are many opportunities for advancement or relocation, and even just movement within the Tucson location. There are quarterly staff meetings and other events which are catered. The campus is smoke-free! (although this doesn't stop many of the employees from smoking on the sidewalks) and Ventana's management does a lot to promote good health, being a company whose motto is to improve the lives of cancer patients everywhere.

Cons: Since Roche purchased Genentech and all of Corporate has moved to South San Francisco, jobs are nonexistent.  a Business decision was made to cancel many research projects, some have been transferred to Europe, and now the impending shut down of the Nutley campus leaves most employees looking for employment elsewhere.This infamous research so hard to miss on Route 3 or landing from the North into Newark Airport is scheduled to be fully shut down by January 2014.
Advice: Continue to be compassionate and remember the human factor when you're sitting around the table making your strategic decisions about future directions, the employees loved our blessed Nutley site, and a way of life for us.
Pros: We had excellent benefits, great collaboration between functions, safe environment, great opportunities, fair performance reviews, excellent on-site personal services for employees, great on-site gym.  Severance packages excellent.  Proud to have had such a long-run with a Company who has produced so many life-saving and life-changing pharmaceuticals were discovered from Accutane to Interferon and from Vitamin C to Valium.

Cons: You can expect long hours with little reward for the extra effort in PD.  You might get a lot of additional responsibility but don't expect additional pay.  Management (Director and up) will know they have an issue driven by market conditions, but allow the sales force to be punished financially for the issue and also continue delivering the same criticism of performance, without taking any accountability for their own lack of action. Poor communication, poor operational execution by CPS, lack of leadership at the highest levels of the business unit, etc. People are not rewarded with promotions, in fact people leave and experience far better career growth.
Advice: Live your own cultural beliefs! At the very least give people a chance to be heard instead of listening to one person or side of an issue and making decisions. That is called "Build Trust" and "Transparency".  Be accountable for your own mistakes.
Pros: Medical Benefits are excellent and a great place to work if you want to have kids because you can get 6 months of leave.

Cons: Leadership is just about trading offices / positions once a year.  Very cliquish … if you are not part of the core group, opportunities for promotion are limited.  People with 0 or extremely limited background or experience in an area are promoted to director level positions based on social interaction; particularly in DC unit.  DC directors and above are clueless or stale, and they are trickling their incompetence down to field management and sales staff.  Products are 2 to 3 years behind the industry with little prospect of catching up.

Cultural values are frequently spoken and seldom lived.
Advice: Clean out Indianapolis leadership and start again. 
 
Stop following the market; buy some advanced technology and actually get it to market in time, or sell off the AC line to someone that can leverage the heritage.
Pros: Great benefits and good pay.

Cons: No more homegrown talent.  Roche acquisition and poor leadership at the corporate level has created massive turnover.  Every single scientific fellow has departed.  This has stunted the innovation engine for years to come.  Lost the entrepenaurial spirit.
Advice: Hiring all senior management from outside the organization builds zero trust and dilutes the culture that made Ventana great.  Have faith in your people and challenge them with greater responsibility.  It builds extreme loyalty.
Pros: Outstanding commercial engine.  Extremely competent sales management. Culture of accountability.  This company began as a start up where every employee had a vested interest in its performance and its mission (positively effect the lives of all patients afflicted with cancer).  This culture created an apolitical organization that fostered teamwork and business success.  This culture is fading but still exists in the commercial group.

Cons: Not unlike any other big company, at Roche you can land the job of your dreams - either bliss or a nightmare.  One manager might be very open and honor the cultural beliefs another will micromanage you out of your sanity.  And no matter how much or what they espouse, office politics are present everywhere.  They are not immune whatsoever to the typical corporate culture in America.
Advice: Ensure your leadership teams align their theory in action with their theory in use.  We hear a lot of espousing of the right things but not matching up with the actions being taken.
Pros: The compensation and benefits outrank most other companies around by a long shot.  Despite constant reorgs and cuts, a lot of people have high tenures overall -- not uncommon to find employees with over 15 years of service.

Cons: Diabetes Division is undergoing major reorganization. Medicare reimbursement for blood glucose test strips has been cut in half and this payer segment accounts for over half of the division's annual revenue stream. Employment outlook for glucose meter and insulin pump sales reps is not very good. HQ is most likely going to try and sell off this division in the near future, problem is that no one else wants it either.
Advice: Not a lot of out of the box thinking encouraged here. Upper management is perceived to be an exclusive club that looks out for itself first then looks to how they can improve the work environment for others.
Pros: I worked in the Diabetes Care Division. Roche has good products and provides solid training and support for their field sales people. Their Accu-Check brand is well known to diabetes educators, endocrinologists and pharmacists.

Cons: - No room for advancement 
- Company is moving many jobs to its headquarters across the company
- Many people in positions they are not qualified for; got in before Roche took over and there were no degree requirement. This hinders people trying to advance their careers. 
- Most of the time there is already someone they have in mind before a job is posted
- Upper Management is not transparent at all, can not believe what you are told most of the time.
Advice: - Treat all employees with respect
- Help employees who are reaching out for assistance with career development - be mentors
Pros: - Great campus
- Perks such as having a cafe and nurse on site
- Health benefits are some of the best I have seen

Cons: Frequent layoff cycles.  Upper management will swear, up and down, that a site will be kept open and then announce the site closure the next day.  Many people were moved from Palo Alto when that site was closed, and then the Nutley site was closed less than 2 years later.
Advice: Don't move people to a site you know is closing very soon.  Don't tell people you're keeping a site open, and then announce the closure a few months later.
Pros: Very professional.  Excellent career development opportunities.  Plenty of chances to learn new things as part of the job.

Cons: Limited vision for future, especially engineering
Cultural beliefs come off as lip service or used to make a point
Management does not lead, and does not listen to tacticle feedback from employees
Imature product developement process
Limited growth potential
Advice: With over 1/2 of the engineering population leaving the company over the last 1.5 years, it would be apparent that something is not working. Launch delays and frustrated employees are a direct result of micro-management without the skills and knowledge to be able to execute a developement program. Most of those who have left were tired of being ignored and undervalued while watching schedules slip further and further to the right.
Pros: Strong cultural beliefs
Strong science community

Cons: Career advancement is limited. It is a highly hierarchical company and "who you know" often is more important than what your know. Upper management is a bit detached from working realities, and middle management stymies many opportunities for improvement.
Advice: Find ways to better tap the wealth of creativity and knowledgeat the lower levels of the organization. Understand that there is a lot of "smoke and screens" at the middle management level used to protect the status quo. Note also, being in an FDA-regulated environment does not necessitate the burdensome internal bureaucracy that Roche carries - find ways to cut red tape!
Pros: Industry leader on several fronts. Upper management trying to adopt continuous improvement. Very well-educated and professionally knowledgeable employees.

Cons: Some projects with sound scientific and business basis killed by upper management personnel turnover.  Radical and too frequent shifts in research focus is wasteful of financial and human investment in projects.  Became difficult to obtain mature research goals.
Advice: Think long and hard before making radical changes.  Seeing hard won discoveries and results go into the vault prematurely is hard on staff morale and dedication.
Pros: Great work environment.  Projects are well supported and properly equipped.  Great colleagues to work with.  Pay is good and good work is often recognized.  Projects are well developed and interesting.  Mid management is good over all.

Cons: Product development was much, much too slow especially for the research market which was initially targeted. This was due to inappropriate company processes rather than to any deficiency in the R&D capabilities, in my opinion, and it caused the company to get clobbered by the competition even though we were first on market with a NGS platform. BTW, Chris McLeod is no longer CEO; Thomas Shinecker has been CEO since late 2011 / early 2012.
Advice: I'm afraid it's too late for that, and it seems to be their call too...
Pros: Great people, compensation and benefits are excellent too. Technology is (was) cool and some applications remain competitive.

Cons: A promotion takes a long time and depends on being given highly visible projects in terms of scope (e.g., global) and funding (&gt;$1M).  Few people get the opportunity to deliver, thereby justifying a promotion.  The process of advancing drug candidates through the pipeline has not been transparent, although the name and number of candidates are published internally.
Advice: Empower the people with roles, responsibilities, and funding.
Pros: Hoffmann-La Roche is a company with good values.  They advocate "Do the Right Thing".  People are placed in positions where they can contribute and also advance in their career.  The information system portfolio process is transparent.

Cons: Operations management has adopted a Dickensian attitude towards the workers and staff.  Not a very pleasant work environment, almost no chance for advancement or raises, no bonuses below scientist level but helltopay if the quota isn't met by department and if that means you'll pull long (uncompensated ) days to hit their bonus numbers... oh well.  Overall &gt;very unimpressive.
Starting the structural organizational dissassembly of the franchise that is pretty typical of big pharma.
Advice: None
Pros: Job with benefits in Tucson, nice overall facility, coworkers in departments outside of Operations (manufacturing) seem to be much happier and more or less content.

Cons: They keep the carrot and hit you over the head with the stick.  In 6 years with the company I saw lawsuit after lawsuit by employees and vendors.  Roche has the attitude that they're too big to lose a lawsuit, so they basically enter into contracts and, after getting what they want, they walk away from their end. 

Most co-workers complain that Management approaches them with promises of promotions if they add extra work and assignments.  After the Managers get what they want, there're no promotions.  

Another common practice is that you can't "resign."  Many, many ex-employees have found that they can't use Roche as a reference because, when you resign, HR puts "Terminated" on your record.   Roche is so paranoid of employees going to the competition or a vendor that they trash your record to keep you from finding another job.   This is begging for a class-action lawsuit.

Each month our department sent an e-mail with the names of employees no longer allowed on the premises and that security should be notified if they were seen.  Each month there were at least 3 new names.  It got to the point of absurdity.  Whether those employees were fired, or resigned and then labeled as having been fired is unclear.  But with what we knew of HR's practice of labeling all ex-employees as having been fired, it really crashed moral.
Advice: Well, you guys seem to have everything in the bag.  You're the problem for your employees and you don't care about them.
Pros: You meet a lot if good-natured people with positive attitudes, but only untill they realize that promised opportunities were just carrots on a stick to get something out of them.  In our division there were few people left with more than 8-10 years experience.  That seemed to be the point where employees gave up trying to work with management and left.  You could see people's demeaner and attitude change the longer the were with us.

Cons: Due to a series of setbacks and strategic misteps, Roche has recently terminated internal development of all next generation sequencing, and laid off 2/3 of R&D. Morale is very low. No compelling new direction has been presented to the people who remain in R&D.
Advice: Management needs to respond much, much faster or more effectively when 1) strategic business partners fail to deliver 2) when tedious Roche approval processes slow down development and the ability to get time sensitive contracts signed
Pros: The chance to work with very talented engineers and scientists in a variety of fields.

Cons: Big company feel means that it seems that the company does not care about it employees and only worried about the bottom line. Lowest compensation of all the top diagnostic companies
Advice: Get it together. Hire the right people, not because of degree qualifications on paper but because they can do the job. Having a PhD does not mean you know how to manage.
Pros: BIg company feel, lots of benefits, with lots of products in the pipeline and job security.

Cons: Like all businesses, Roche Diagnostics is subject to economic and market fluctuations, so at times of stress reorganization and adjustment occur, and some are let go.  But, from what I hear, Roche Diagnostics offers reasonable severance packages.
Advice: None
Pros: Normally, work at Roche Diagnostics is stable, relatively secure.  The company performs well in a growing market, and management is attentive to creating a positive and productive work culture.  There is opportunity for long-term career development.

Cons: A few of the employees who have been working there a long time are not very accepting of ideas proposed by people who have not been working there quite as long, which can slow down project progress.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a lot of communication between different teams in order to promote progress in projects. Most of the employees are very experienced because they have been working there for quite some time.

Cons: Difficult to advance along a technical career path.  Lack of vision by management.  Getting clobbered by competition.
Advice: Pick a viable path forward and stick to it.  Better planning for the periods immediately following restructuring would be VERY helpful
Pros: Good people. Collaboration within R&D is pretty good.  Technologies used are cool (but a few years out-of-date).  Pride in the applications our products enable for customers.  Flex working hours.

Cons: Products are delivered late to market, lacking essential Key features or capabilities. No internal accountability. Europe unresponsive the US market needs.
Advice: Focus on getting Europe to be answerable to the needs of the US Market. Institute penalties for missed target dates. Price to take over a market, not to be more expensive than the competition.
Pros: In-field personnel are among the brightest and enthusiastic in the industry

Cons: The Indianapolis site struggles with cultural values and is very passive aggressive.  You spend a lot of time wading through emotional decisions and emotional people. Sometimes the decisions are really off target and based upon personal perceptions.  A career can be stumped if someone doesn't like an interaction with you.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic company, benefits.  Global Roche is great to work with

Cons: Company/division not doing well, so its owners (Roche) may be shutting it down,
unless they find some new technology to inject.
Several rounds of layoffs, and perhaps not over yet.
New product development was abandoned,
perhaps understandably, things weren't working well.
Advice: Try harder to find places (i.e. in Roche) for people who you think did right by you, and try to do right by them, if everything gets shut down.
Pros: Good people, interesting work while it lasted.

Cons: Adherence to Roche policies needed improving for Genentech operations during my tenure.  I was often alone in pushing for the highest quality mechanical designs due to a lack of sufficient engineering oversight.
Advice: Be sure that your engineering directors are licensed engineers so they have independent motivation for compliance with all applicable regulations and the judgement to discern quality.
Pros: Leader in sustainability for the pharmaceutical industry

Cons: Creativity is often structured and trapped in the global organizational nooks and crannies. Needs significantly more effort to motivate self and team to manage the "mind set" for real meaningful contribution.
Advice: Think more bottom-up strategy and balance the market outlook objectively. Long term sustainability in research oriented business originates from people - a key component to success and serving humanity.
Pros: Management very open to suggestions that create value/profitability. High risk taking.

Cons: Extravagant spending and then have to take cost cutting measures. Instead of curbing spending they fire people. It's easier to rubber stamp fire a bunch of people instead of looking for cost cutting measures.
Advice: Quit lavish spending on Town Halls instead of laying of people.
Pros: Flexible hours, lots of paid training, profit sharing, pension, matching 401(k), Great bosses, great coworkers.  Gained valuable experience in a global environment while there.

Cons: As with many pharmaceutical companies, there has been many layoffs and downsizing over the years. Recent closure of Nutley site caused many layoffs and unfortunate for the local area.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, good place to work. Benefits and salary are competitive, and people are nice to work with. Company allows flex work time and in some cases work from home opportunities.

Cons: The traffic around the New Haven area was a bit of a challenge initially (I commute from out of town); fortunately the situation has improved significantly since then.
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues who are experts in their research fields, friendly, helpful and willing to share their experiences and insights.  Strong focus on continuous development and improvement of the 454 technology.  Office space is plentiful.

Cons: No senior career opportunities unless you have spent the last 20 years at Roche. Roche red tape is making the company less innovative
Advice: Focus less on self promotion and spend more time developing your employees by implementing better training programs and more attractive career paths
Pros: Strong market position. Overall a solid business

Cons: The location is somewhat of a drive for anyone residing in central Tucson and parking can be an issue sometimes.
Advice: Management can be a little more appreciative of employees but otherwise no problems.
Pros: The core values of the company are as strong as ever, it has a strong future outlook and friendly employees.

Cons: No work life balance what so ever.  The wrong people are in higher level positions. There seems to be no clear vision for the company.  Expect to have great company values but the leaders do not follow them.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and the people you work with.  Great travel perks.

Cons: Management, in my group anyway, was very top down and not really supportive. In my opinion there could have been greater consideration given to suggestions from the rank and file.
Advice: Well, I understand they're shutting down so giving advice would be pointless.
Pros: The work was challenging, made good use of my skills and gave me exposure to an interesting technology.

Cons: They pretend to care about you.  Management isnt transparent.  They have too much politics and favoritism and cliques.  The management can think for themselves, have to have consultants to tell them how to do everything and the consultants are worthless too.   They never heard of a long term plan to them it is 6 weeks.  If you retire, they forget you ever existed.
Advice: QUIT.
Pros: They pay you well and still have some benefits.

Cons: Market/healthcare changes present huge obstacles for the Diabetes Care business so you're forced to do more with less. Insulin pump leaves much to be desired by key customers.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche treats their employees fairly and respectfully, takes a quality approach to their manufacturing processes so you can feel good about representing their products.

Cons: Too big, not innovative enough, very European style of management
Advice: Foster innovation by rewarding innovation, not talking about it
Pros: Benefits, Sabbaticals, and parties, most of the people who work here are cool, but you have some tight wads now who are running things

Cons: RCI itself is a flat organization.  To advance, must transfer.
Advice: None
Pros: Because it is art of a big pharma company, RCI is an excellent place to work.  Lots of nice people, benefits are great.

Cons: Major downsizing in 2012 has left some gaps in the workforce.  Hiring of new employees has been slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Intelligent and friendly coworkers.  Career discussions are mandated with employees and managers at least twice per year, but more frequent dicussions are encouraged. Opportunity for advancement.

Cons: salary new people coming in making considerably more than long term employees with more experience
Management carring more about themselves than anything the employees do.
Advice: Listen to your employees more
Pros: benifits 401k and health are good.
work to life ratio, company policy, technology always getting better

Cons: Let Genetech take over! It was a great company with great managers and processes. Now that the site is closing it's such a shame...
Advice: too late
Pros: It was one of the best companies to work for in NJ, great people, excellent benefits!

Cons: Honestly couldn't say there were any. Anyone could always use more benefits :).
Advice: Great job you guys keep up the good spirit :)
Pros: The quality of the people working there and the joy that everyone had.

Cons: Brilliant people are discouraged. The environment, although friendly, is not competitive enough. Poor work-life balance and oldie benefits.
Advice: Improve ebenfits for the coming generation.
Pros: It lives its values and its becoming the most respected company in the industry.

Cons: Competitive landscape for internal career opportunities; top talent is not always rewarded with the right opportunities due to high level of internal competition.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and upper manager, good business in a stable and growing industry, very good benefits packages and career opportunities

Cons: too much silos and not much sharing of ideas amoongs business units
Advice: remove barriers and allow science and innovation to breathe
Pros: Great Salary, Benefits, work/life balance, Job learning tools, smart colleagues and leaders

Cons: Layoffs,company site closure. lost of jobs in a very good company.
Advice: Hope that Management will do the same great work at another company like Roche.
Pros: One of the best companies to work for in NJ, great people, excellent benefits.

Cons: Excessive paperwork and regulation. Sometimes it seems the company is more motivated by profit than actually satisfying customers.
Advice: Management should consider the sacrifices employees regularly make when review time comes around.
Pros: Open environment to share ideas and exchange information.

Cons: Too many PhD's in management that aren't good with people.  Some groups/departments less committed than others.
Advice: No advice, since closing site.
Pros: Good community.  Mostly good people.  Lots of perks.

Cons: loosing their edge since bthe uy out.  no leadership
Advice: listen and value your employees, it is too costly to replace them.  reward them with the compensation they deserve.
Pros: love my team and field employees

Cons: Processes still being developed and improved.
Advice: Be more transparent to where the company is headed and what that means for each individual contributor.
Pros: Good benefits. Great people. Collaborate spirit.

Cons: The management is not very transparent. Orders are given from above with little input or visibility allowed from the bottom.
Advice: None
Pros: The people at 454 definitely make the place bearable

Cons: Large enough to get lost, so network extensively
Advice: Continue to listen to your people
Pros: People, passion, culture and success

Cons: Site closure, situation strongly dependent on department management
Advice: A lot of talent and knowledge is being lost with the shutdown
Pros: Was a great place to work; great return for shareholders

Cons: Big company, can get lost in the shuffle if you don't stand out.
Advice: None
Pros: Great current products and future product pipeline. Highly educated sales force.

Cons: High upper management turn over
Advice: Over doing a great job in today's medical field
Pros: Great career growth potential    A overage average salary range

Cons: many structural changes make it hard to do long research projects
Advice: Stay a course and stick with it
Pros: Great people and high caliber science

Cons: I heard salary is on the lower end
Advice: None
Pros: great people and culture, always striving to be better - from individual contributors to sr. management

Cons: Not much of growth opportunity for sr scientist but to perfrom routine
Advice: Create opportunity for employees
Pros: Great friendly people.  
good perks..love the monthly socials, free coffee/tea

Cons: large company, little change, hard to "move the rocks"
Advice: None
Pros: Job security, large footprint to make geographical moves.

Cons: Unsupported technology by parent company
Advice: none necessary company closing
Pros: Innovative thinkers, creative and fantastic group of people

Cons: All the good talent has left or is in the process of leaving. Roche and management has killed any innovation left in this company. Downsizing and centralizing of departments to Roche headquarters will limit your advancement if you plan on staying in Tucson.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to begin a career. Good learning opportunity.

Cons: Beauracracy. Slow to make decisions
Advice: Continue to focus on high quality products and best Customer Support
Pros: Benefits, work/life balance. Career Opportunites

Cons: Need to add some new products to portfolio
Advice: Be more aggressive with acquisitions
Pros: Good Benefits, Company really cares about people

Cons: not very efficient separation of roles
Advice: None
Pros: i have picked up on numerous skills since i got into the company

Cons: Some directors overly trust bad managers
Advice: Believe good employees
Pros: Offers employee perks, competitive pay for the area, good cultural goals

Cons: On occasion there is too much work
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is filled with great and talented people

Cons: Bad at hiring on interns or keeping in contact with previous interns
Advice: None
Pros: Great, meaningful projects, good mentoring system

Cons: The closure of the Nutely NJ site.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Smart people, good salary and benefits.

Cons: organization needs more skill at change management
Advice: None
Pros: great colleagues, career opportunities, good work-life balance

Cons: Site closure.
Career opportunities and training not ideal
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful people.  Incredible company culture. Good benefits

Cons: None that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, benefits, and work

Cons: Limited development opportunity, conservative culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit, friendly working environment

Cons: There are no cons, all positive
Advice: none
Pros: Big Company, Security, good benefits

Cons: Site is being shut down
Advice: None
Pros: Strong focus on career development

Cons: No Cons, good company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Managers and co-workers are great

Cons: Very Slow Pace, FDA environment
Advice: None
Pros: Hours are flexible, pay is good.

Cons: Depends on your manager and their style
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with benefits.

Cons: Micromanaging
Not so great compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Enough time for vacation

Cons: Bad mangers, HR support very poor
Advice: Stop being bullies!!
Pros: Gives the impression that its a Greg place to work, however blame culture is high

Cons: - Highly hierarchical and bureaucratic at times - which creates a very political environment. 
- No work-life balance. Leaders do not care enough about employee well--being. 
- Leaders don't always walk the talk - i think mainly because they don't know how as opposed to being hypocritical
- Bonus system could be better. Performance Management & Compensation system not conducive to innovation or getting the best out of employees - Too short term driven and individual vs. team driven.
Advice: Be honest and transparent. Stop packaging the truth - just speak it. 
Build up leadership skills focusing on interpersonal skills such as conflict management, communication skills, empathy and listening skills. 
Take risks on your employees! and have the courage to let those go who underperform!
Pros: - Good compensation in general
- Generally friendly work environment. 
- Majority leadership is genuine and means to do well. Just don't always know how... 
- Multinaltional, international company with great career prospects
- Majority of people I work with are great.

Cons: no so much flexibility in the job.  i didn't care for the workspace either, too cramped and a bit run down and in need of a new coat of paint
Advice: managers who engage their subordinates are worth their weight in gold.  perhaps you realized this when you promoted her and we got someone else who had a somewhat different take on life.
Pros: good leadership makes all the difference.  despite the size of our group we had a manager who would take the time to talk to each member at least once a week to try and get an opinion from everyone who was involved in the work.  Gave everyone a feeling they were part ofthe team

Cons: The salary is not that great  and the current general manager does not put value in the contribution of senior employees. The atmosphere now is that anything new is great.
Advice: Upper management should know not only the market but their employees as well. They should show at least trust in their employees and not be so suspicious on everything. The people in Roche are very dedicated and management must learn how to utilise this.
Pros: The people are very professional and very helpful. The feeling of belonging to a good team is very evident and people are disciplined and dedicated and always willing to extend a helping hand

Cons: The biggest con is the sallary, completely out of range. The company has plans to adequate the sallary considering the job description and not only the job title, but we have not seen anything concrete yet.
Bureaucracy in the processes is also an issue that the company is trying to resolve.
Advice: Continue with the Global Survey of employees' satisfaction, and improve the communication between HQ and affiliates.
Pros: Roche is engaged in innovation, and ethics really run the business. It has a very modern and adequate workplace and the company is committed in improving the employees' satisfaction

Cons: 1. Greater and greater emphasis on centralized processes that lead to edicts from the "Leadership".

2.The point above leads to managers implementing local solutions but framing results to look like they are the great ideas the "Leadership" has been so kind to share and insist we implement.

3. Old ideas are re-badged as new. New bosses never ask if an idea has been tried before. They just assume they have best ideas.

4. "Leadership" that asks for feed back but does not act on it and sidelines personnel who give feedback that does not toe the party line.

5. After a staff survey showed they were heading in the wrong direction for staff satisfaction 3 years ago, latest survey shows they have scored even lower for the same issues raised 3 years ago.

6. Are perceived as arrogant by customers and competitors.

7. They pay less than their competitors
Advice: 1. You are good at developing talent but you keep losing your best people because you do not respect them and you frustrate them till they have no option but to leave.

2. Your pay is crap. Staff stopped believing in your "industry compensation benchmarks" ages ago. You do not pay as well as your "real" competitors, period.  You demand results in the 95th percentile so your pay should reflect that.

3. 7-8 years of sustained growth did not come about by accident. Start to respect the staff you have.

4. It is not a good sign when staff are so indifferent they tell you the "Leadership", face to face that you are doing ok, yet your own survey shows you are sliding further back! It shows your staff are tired of giving feedback that is not acted on.
Pros: 1.Big blue chip company with many global opportunities to move a progress your career across the world.

2. Looks good on your CV.

3. Relatively stable company in a difficult industry.

4. Friendly staff.

5. Good staff training.

6. Nice office facilities.

Cons: High expectations with limited resources, frequent management changes, short term strategic growth is main driver
Advice: Look to long term strategic growth strategies (4-6 year), and change management training program to reflect that as 2-3 years in any one position only reinforces this short term strategy. Aggressively promote women and minorities into senior management to bring different perspectives to the leadership team.
Pros: Great benefits, ability to relocate, talent programs to promote within, & an opportunity to work in a medically relevant field that impacts people's health

Cons: Incentive structure not attractive enough for the sales reps where there is no motivation to achieve higher than the sales budget. Also, not very savvy in terms of multimedia and digital information
Advice: Continue to improve on the incentive structure and multimedia interaction between customers and company. The company will take off to greater heights
Pros: A lot of training provided and also very friendly atmosphere. Also a very conducive environment that fosters integrity, courage and passion in both the office and the workplace!

Cons: Can sometimes feel too buttoned down and old fashioned - this is a Swiss company after all.  It could stand to integrate some of Genentech's original hipness.
Advice: Roche could stand to add a little more fun into the workplace
Pros: Smart people, high level of integrity and a strong pipeline.  People who come to Roche usually don't leave for other companies.

Cons: Focus more on delivery than extensive evaluation and negoatiation especially at headquarter
Advice: Offer opportunities and provide appreciation to all employees being in various stages of their career. hare some advice with upper management.
Be more visible and tangible.
Pros: Sustainable industry helping people and saving live's
Passion to be successful
Great teamwork - people care of eacha and are willing to help

Cons: Very slow decision making processes due to highly bureucratic perspective. 
IT guys are ancient (usually over 45 years of age), so they do not understand the changes in trends and have difficulty adapting to new demands. 
You don't have a career path.
Advice: Employ more young people in management. Be more dynamic.
Pros: Salary and benefits are among the best. 
Employees are usually respectful to each other. 
You usually don't have to work overtime.

Cons: The management prefer to keep the management of one nationality only. All the direct reports must be of an Egyptian nationality otherwise they will not stay.
Advice: The HQ need to make a change soon as the reputation of Roche Dubai is on the line.
Pros: A strong and solid company. Good products and good sales team

Cons: Bureaucratic sometimes.
Spped is diferent than traditional IT due to the prcesses and the qualification and validation needed of the environmetns.
Also security of data, and data integrity is at the top of the priority tra drive th business.
Advice: None
Pros: Felixibility, investiment and sector of opperation.
People focus, plus a stron roadmap that ensure adecuate future developments.
Overall, quite good place to work.

Cons: Very process focused
Very political with promotions and advances
Not innovative or agile with marketing practices
People stay long times in their positions
Advice: Reference and Integrate the entrepreneurial, creative, innovative spirit of Genentech
Pros: Predictable
Great work/life balance
Great bonus structure
Typical pharma culture - need to understand and play politics
People stay long time in their positions

Cons: red tapes.  Too much differences across department. People lack of positive working attitude. Multiple standards.
Advice: Cut down red tapes. Cut down unnecessary non-value generating workload.
Pros: Good pay, benefits and bonuses. Can be fun loving(office only).  Good welfare for shift workers. Good chance for internal transfer and promotion (depends on connection).

Cons: internal politics, it will take time for internal promotions
Advice: review your philippines office. even though it sells a lot the work life balance is not good and the customers are not satisfied
Pros: you dont need to exert effort in selling the roche brand will sell itself

Cons: Working in sales, you are constantly 'on call'. Due to the demanding nature of the work there is little work/life balance.
Advice: More emphasis on developing AE/SS one-on-one relationships.
Pros: Great people to work with. The company is truly passionate about its mission of helping the patients afflicted with cancer.

Cons: In my situation only change of position will allow me to explore something new, on daily bases i know what will happen next day. It may be also in pros field ;)
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, many out-of payment benefits, work-life balance

Cons: No real cons. Five words...
Advice: None
Pros: Peoples, environment, salary. All the students had a great insight into the company, we got a couple of guided tours all over the campus.

Cons: too many reorganizations, very focused on headquarter views
Advice: . Keep strategyes over time, communicate to the people
Pros: Excellent mission of the company, good working ambience

Cons: ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -----
Advice: None
Pros: Pioneering company with a passion for innovation, excellent perks and benefits, very good learning opportunities

Cons: it gets cold in winter
Advice: smile, you are doing an excellent job
Pros: flexible, professional training, nice colleagues, interesting project, stimulating talks and events, everything you want as an intern

Cons: Too many councils and committees making the working processes complex.
Advice: Please make business processes and organizational structures simpler
Pros: Good welfare, strong product pipeline

Cons: Not much growth in back office departments (IT, HR, Finance)
Advice: Improve career developments for back office positions
Pros: Great workplace 
Excellent for employees with health studies (Marketing and Sales departments)

Cons: The worse management ever. Low moral. No consideration for people. Many people left on sick leave or resigned while I was there. This was considered by management as "normal" turn over, therefore no improvements were to be made...
Advice: Get another job
Pros: Nice building, nice company car, reasonnable salary, good benefits. Nothing else.

Cons: Cultural and political challenges present a degree of uncertainty
Advice: None
Pros: New strategy in the Gulf region. Latest innovations are being included. Sky is the limit.

Cons: Management decissions sometimes are quite far away from business necessities
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, great colleagues, good balance proffesional life personal life

Cons: Too much outsourcing. Some in-house software look outdated. Less development works.
Advice: None
Pros: Chance to work with the best oncologists out there.,

Cons: Low Salary, Limitation to promote, Senior management
Advice: Innovation is required for the better future
Pros: Flexibility, Pipeline, Family, Complexity, Frequent Change

Cons: low career opportunities, the only area that you would find opportunities in commercial
Advice: None
Pros: You can have a great life balance

Cons: Line Managers passive and ignore some team leaders poor unprofessional behaviour
Advice: None
Pros: Structure, work environment, products good

Cons: I don't see any relevant
Advice: None
Pros: Work in Iinternational environment, opportunities to find nice work abroad and relocate

Cons: complex work processes, poor staff resourcing
Advice: None
Pros: Strong pipeline, strong brands, long history of innovative products

Cons: lots of rules and regulations due to size of company and the industry itself
Advice: None
Pros: international, lots of diversity, fun, career opportunities

Cons: Nothing relevant, I would really recommend anyone having the chance to join.
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphrere, great collaboration, amazing opportunities

Cons: Blame culture
Lack of support
Poor communication with field based staff
Advice: None
Pros: Good Training
Excellent Benefits
Good opportunity for career progression

Cons: I never worke for paul alto
Advice: Be transparent and trust your employee
Pros: My healthy experience and skill

Cons: Lots of internal power fights
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting possibilities of switching jobs internally. Lots of people from different countries.

Cons: Nothing to say, not significant
Advice: None
Pros: Ethic, integrity, career opportunity, strong organization, solution to stakeholders

Cons: no cons can be mentioned
Advice: None
Pros: best pay, corporate culture, development opportunities
