Cons: However, it is deteriorating consistently for 2 years now and there is no end in sight. 9/80 option was eliminated and there's no intention to bring it back. Budget constraints are getting worse and worse as the company is fighting legacy problems. Research is taking a step back, product development is now done with external "partners" instead of in-house, software development has long been out-sourced and the trend is being continued. There's really no engineering work left that's worth doing and the future for that type of work looks bleak. Roche doesn't seem to mind that highly qualified and high-salaried engineers sit around and create documents and presentations all day as they keep on funding this travesty but if you are a motivated engineer who wants to expand your knowledge and learn new things in your field,  then stay away. 
The Culture is toxic in some departments. Senior managers that care only about themselves and actively keep their employees from growing so they can control them and make sure they won't be a threat to them. Lots of talk about values and opportunity but it feels like empty promises when it is not actively lived.
Advice: There are almost more Chiefs than Indians now. I hope you see what's wrong with that.
Pros: This used to be a wonderful company. Lots of perks, great retirement contribution by the company, highly skilled and motivated people and a great mission. Bonus programs and decent pay.

Cons: Working at Ventana in Regulatory Affairs, you will frequently be abused by bosses who are only there because they are married to someone else who is more important. Some will be very good friends with someone who is more important.

Managers and senior managers can come on board with no experience. Directors may have 0-3 years of experience. The politics are very thick, and not even close to fair. Being competent in this department is a severe handicap because that makes you a threat.

The girlfriend of the married boss may never come to work, and her job may be dumped on your lap at the last minute. Your "superior" coworker may spend all her time working for her contract clients instead of your shared employer, and all her train wrecks may be dumped in your lap. You may be treated as a slave by a boss with dyslexia who searches for typos in your work, can't teach you anything, takes credit for your work, and doesn't know how to lead. None of these people will ever cooperate with you by sharing necessary information or even telling the truth. They actually want you to fail at doing their jobs for them.

If you have to take a job in this department, then just keep looking. I do not recommend relocating.
Advice: Apply for a non-management position.  You don't know what you're doing.
Pros: The pay and benefits are good.  There is usually hardly any work to do.

Cons: The same job forever. Very difficult to move because no preference is given to the internal candidates. Promotions are only in R&amp;D, the rest of organization does not see any. Each time they post position - they bring a pool of external candidates. Managers do not promote their employees unless you are in R&amp;D. I have seen people stuck for 10 years not being able to move even though the company is huge.
Advice: The employee turnover is still high. It does not help with product quality issues, morale, and employee motivation. What are you doing to retain, motivate, and keep your existing employees? Before bringing new ones, take good care of what you have if you want to make quality products and ultimately compete with other biotech companies.
Pros: Good pay (one of the highest you can find), awesome benefits (one of the best and the most comprehensive you can find), good work life balance (not the best because working from home is not allowed often). Tuition reimbursement 100% (limited to the number of classes you take per year).

Cons: Having spent more than two decades at this company I can assure you that (with very few exceptions) managers are trained by boss expectations to manage upward. Their employees are valued for what they can produce to make the manager look good and nothing else.  

The company attempts to portray itself as a benevolent organization where each employee cares as much for their customer as for profit or individual advancement.  Actually, shareholders, executives and the C Suite think short term profit above all else unless forced to by govt pressure.  The company is extraordinarily risk averse.

Every 2 or 3 years they introduce a new "philosophy" or cultural change that "will improve employees' and/or customer's lives". These changes are implemented from the bottom up, top management/executives are exempt. i.e. destined to fade into oblivion.
Advice: None
Pros: The average employee is fantastic. When you find a great manager, they are a pleasure to work for.  There are opportunities to grow one's career around the world.

Cons: Corporate takeover of Ariosa by Roche was an integration nightmare. No support from Roche for over 2 years during the "Integration Process" until suddenly the hammer came down and staff were rushed to sign off on training's that were halfass at best.  The previous biotech start up culture was open and productive. When Roche took over that went away and Roche continued to cut costs at  the San Jose site because of failures and bad investments at other sites.  A lot of talent was lost, employee retention became a major issue. HR culture is a nightmare.  They seem to have completely lost sight of what HR is supposed to do and instead run things like they are the Gestapo.
Advice: Gut HR starting from the top and rebuild.  There are only a  couple of  qualified people currently working in SJ Roche HR . The rest in HR  should have to reapply for their position and only be hired back if they can prove they are helpful, resourceful and productive. 
Instead of throwing the occasional on site celebration try  and build  the culture with consistent work incentives.  Bonus's  are  based more on popularity then productivity.
Pros: Fairly good benefits. There are a lot of great co-workers and talented minds. Most everyone is willing to pool ideas and think outside of the box. Opportunity to learn many new processes including automated sample processing in the Bio Tech world.

Cons: Either you're a lifer or a temp or newly converted to permanent. Very slow pace if you want to move up in titles have to leave your department. Lifers (usually the ones in charge) are not really open to change and improvement to records. The culture values are great in theory but are not always followed in manufacturing.
Advice: Improve communication between and within departments.  Stop the its not my fault culture and figure out a better solution. Management can learn to foster better relationships with those under them.
Pros: Good benefits. Lots of recreation groups and a caf that serves decent food at low costs. Lots of opportunity for overtime. You go to work, do what you have to do and leave- no one watching and tracking your time.

Cons: Pay is less, does not get evaluated according to current market, even though they say so.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility and work-life balance. Good culture and teams and people are great to work with.

Cons: - TD have taken over Roche US. Leadership does not practice what they preach about being in position too long and needing to move on. NADEC is clueless and just "yes" people .
Advice: The One Roche approach is ruining what is left of a once great company.
Pros: - Once a premier Diagnostics Company. Not any longer with the infiltration of the new TD culture.

- One Roche is doing the direct opposite of what it was intended by killing the morale of the workforce and weakening customer loyalty.

- Heavy back door processes and procedures takes over one month to generate a pricing proposal

- Marketing only manages inventory. They do not monitor competition, nor communicate strategy. Allocations and quality issues across all franchises is making the company suffer. No one is addressing issues.

Cons: Tries to look like a fair and good company, but actions taken are usually for the business profits made by company, with less concern for employees. Politics and personal gains dictates most decisions at a manager - employee level, decreasing motivation from employee’s side.
Advice: Try to be in each employee’s shoes and help the bright and smart people to want to stay in this company.
Pros: Big company with good benefits, has good long term strategy. Ability to buy new companies that adds to scientific strategy.

Cons: Although benefits & pay are great it does not make up for the poorly lacking leadership in this location.  There are many leaders who allow & ignore bad behaviors by their employees or who they themselves do not support a culture of teamwork and innovative thinking their employees so desperately crave.  They rely on out dated and unorganized processes.  They do not represent the culture of the many companies they acquire, although they will take the credit.
Advice: If you can’t change your leadership teams thinking to embrace innovative and a teamwork environment, please look for leaders who do embrace this culture and openness for teamwork.
Pros: Great benefits and pay.  New building in this location

Cons: Low efficiency, low accountability, low bars in competency and quality of work. Too many managers per one engineer.  Open floor work place is counterproductive for software engineering.
Advice: Bring compensation in line with Bay Area  best companies. Drastically reduce manager/engineer ratio. Get rid off open plan work paces in favor in offices for permanent staff and cubes for contractors
Pros: Work processes are well-organized. Premises are very clean. Facilities are nicely managed. Relaxed and friendly atmosphere.

Cons: - Arrogance at times within leadership is palpable
 - Inefficiencies in corporate governance and decision making
Advice: - Drug development is hard and risky enough as an industry.  Don't make it harder by creating organizational hurdles that limit opportunities.
Pros: - Incredible amenities including onsite (SSF) daycare, health care, gym facilities, cafeterias, unlimited coffee/espresso
 - Super smart employees
 - Focus on the patients is paramount, based on the science is fundamental, driven for the business is critical

Cons: No opportunities for advancement. No promotion track. Nothing to look forward to. Some people have worked the same jobs for 10 years. If you comment on this topic, you will be labeled as "not happy" and your managers will get notified. If you disagree with some managers because you see another way, your manager will harass you for more than a year on your performance reviews and will block you from moving up.
Advice: This management does not take advice well.
Pros: Good pay and excellent benefits

Cons: Lack of co-operation between groups, very noticeable politics,  micromanaging  from  senior level management, little to no promotions, poor leadership,  toxic competition between teams,
Advice: None
Pros: Some groups are really great, fun, co-operative,  and provide excellent opportunities to learn and develop  new skills. Great funding, nice lab spaces, good benefits.

Cons: 3 year cliff vestment for annual 401k lump sum. Low cap on max accrual for vacation.
Advice: Stop overloading the people. Too many analyzers for engineers to cover and too many different types to learn to become truly proficient.
Pros: Outstanding company benefits. 401k 50% up to 8% plus annual lump sum of 6% if you’re employed on December 31st.

Cons: Ivory Tower syndrome happens often where those in global corporate don't really understand what the business needs fully where business happens.  Too much bureaucracy to get good ideas off the ground and too many bad ideas being pushed down that don't make business sense to those impacted
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits.  Lots of products in the pipeline going through a lull now in the company but great future.

Cons: There are not many cons.  Just like any organization it can be difficult to move internally.  There is not always unity between global sites, but this is getting better.
Advice: Continue hiring strong talent and evolve the culture to a more conversational between manager and employee
Pros: Great benefits, on-site wellness and fitness center.  Good work-life balance.  Exceptional talent from top to bottom in the organization.  Global influence.

Cons: The future of RSS is uncertain. Roche as a whole is too big to fail, subdivisions of the company can always be shuttered.
Advice: RSS needs its own sequencer. End of story.
Pros: Awesome culture and co-workers. Everyone is dedicated, hard working, and intelligent. With a company this large, there is always room to move around.

Cons: location is in Pleasanton
communication between different sites can be challenging since we are in different time zones
Advice: keep the great work going
Pros: very exciting project and great colleagues
great learning and growing opportunities
benefits are fabulous and the compensation is pretty competitive 
transparent and direct communications (albeit being a big corporation) 
great support from my manager and the management teams

Cons: Over worked paid a salary but worked an average of 20 hours over a week
Advice: Try to treat you people like real life , instead or over using them
Pros: Ok to wok for but as sales go they seem to have a lot of trouble keeping customer sales up

Cons: Leadership is out of touch with the employees.  Promises are not fulfilled and Sr. leadership lives on soundbites and shiny objects.  it's hard to get any meaningful work done.
Advice: Listen to your employees, they are your greatest resource
Pros: Wonderful people, amazing products with a driven purpose

Cons: Complicated process make it hard to change anything. Value more on how to do thing right than doing the right thing.
Advice: Implement result driven culture.
Pros: Good benefits and vacation policy, you can also work from home as long as your manager approves. Patients focus culture.

Cons: not enough locations in the states to work - opportunities in various locations are limited.
Advice: Thanks for a great place to work . Keep hiring and training great managers !
Pros: Way to many to note here. The culture and the company values all support health and wellness for employees. Growth and development opportunities are offered.

Cons: - Underpays workers
- Contractors get excluded from all benefits (not just health benefits - free swag, employee appreciation, trainings)
- Felt like there was a hierarchy/silos mentality in some groups
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work culture
- Friendly and supportive work environment
- Fun place to work

Cons: Hire a lot of contractors and very rarely convert them into full-time employees.  Contractors do not receive company benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Friendly company culture, Great Benefits, Management listens to employees and will try to help you build your career.

Cons: Currently working through a new focus on QA issues, stemming from lack of voice from key personnel
Advice: Continue to focus on patient-first and remember that all employees are responsible for quality and culture, not just subordinates
Pros: Excellent benefits and driven staff in most sectors

Cons: A bit beaurocratic, partly because of the Swiss influence, partly because of the focus on healthcare  (highly regulated space)
Advice: Capitalize on the Bay Area culture where appropriate
Pros: Collaborative environment, very fair and meritocratic, multicultural workforce, European approach to benefits

Cons: Sometimes the lead supervisor could be over bossy and loud when not suppose too.
Advice: None
Pros: We were able to bring ideas to make the work environment easy for everyone that was working there.

Cons: lot of levels for positions
Advice: Cut off office politics so good and hard working people can stay with company.
ROCHE is a very good company to work for, it has lot t offer their employees.
Pros: Best hours offered at Roche

Cons: decision making, slow to move, culture of consensus
Advice: to much time is wasted doing internal sell jobs. employees could do so much more if they didn't have to "align" so much
Pros: Great building, subsidized meals, gym, bonus and high pay flexible work culture

Cons: Careerists run this company. Only care about maintaining their status and jobs. Poor leadership throughout the company.  Most leaders are lost and confused about their roles. Politics drive all decisions. Best employees either leave or are driven out.
Advice: Wake up, hire competent  people not because of political connections.
Pros: Products are best in class with regard to accuracy.

Cons: Uses fear-mongering as management tactic. Lack of communication and no accountability at every level of leadership. Uses 'skills enrichment opportunities' as a way to not have to promote or pay you for your extra work. Is known for laying off high earners after decades of company loyalty to keep bottom line down.
Advice: Fire everyone and start over.
Pros: Good benefits. Work / life balance.

Cons: Just because Roche is not IT-based company, the whole team is somewhat lack of strict coding rules. Little bit hard to work in large group.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, Good team and Good Boss

Cons: less flexibility and too many SOPs
Advice: take care the working horses
Pros: Good company culture and fair benefits

Cons: Hard work, long hours.  Work life balance a bit heavy on the work side.
Advice: Give more consideration to the engineers before making decisions.
Pros: Mobility and stability.  If you work hard the possibilities of advancement are there.

Cons: Last 2 years combined sales forces with pumps and meters where reps were not capable of executing
Advice: Let the people do the jobs they signed up for
Pros: Good Regional Manager, excellent income / benefits

Cons: Somewhat far from home, pay is less
Advice: Excellent management that works closely with you to help you grow and develop in your career.
Pros: Work life balance, flexible work schedule, positive atmosphere, my second home

Cons: Some issues with competition having products to the market; we fell behind a bit.
Advice: Continue to hire and promote based on merit.
Pros: I really enjoyed the people I worked with and the benefits were great.

Cons: Toxic culture, mismanaged priorities, overworked employees not interested in collaboration, everyone’s looking for a promotion with limited or compromised delivery.
Advice: Employees that stick around are the ones who don’t have an option. That’s a bad sign. Look into it.
Pros: Good money with really great benefits. They have a good mission statement. But leadership and Management is useless. Won’t stick around here for long.

Cons: Great experience with management and internal teams...No negatives.
Advice: Develop protocol to rehire talented employees previously impacted by corporate wide restructuring.
Pros: Excellent company culture with products geared toward centric patient care and unmet needs.

Cons: Management oversight committees disempowering teams
Advice: Continue to make decisions based on what is in the best interest of patient care
Pros: Innovative and great supportive culture; do what it takes to get job done.

Cons: very hard to navigate processes, the support teams run very lean,  lack of loyalty
Advice: take care of what you vale
Pros: Security, Benefits, growth potential, colleges

Cons: Tight timelines, compartmentalization (silos) of role.
Advice: Keep doing a what you are doing - good work!
Pros: Good compensation, great people and company culture!

Cons: Still has a family own culture. Strongly driven by marketing and sales.
Advice: Focus on quality and innovation.
Pros: Fast growing business with an excellent portfolio and technology.

Cons: More management presence and  timely dissemination of information to employees.
Advice: Be more visible and approachable.
Pros: Great people to work with.  Very professional and  Great benefits.

Cons: Increasing supply issues, quality issues, credibility in market decreasing
Advice: Customer first
Pros: Great company benefits, 401k, respect work life balance

Cons: Big company many channels and processes and procedures.
Advice: None
Pros: Quality products with great investments in development and future.  Global presence with major market share and diverse portfolio.

Cons: Long hours, short staff, large territory, weekend call
Advice: Takes many years and good connections within the organization
Pros: Good training, company car, good benefits

Cons: A little bit old fashioned, and seem to struggle in the agile world.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, structured, and employee focused.  Best big to work for.

Cons: Due to global structure, changes take a very long time
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible; good work/ life balance

Cons: Compensation and benefits is not in line with market
Advice: Do a proper benchmarking, to attract and retain talents
Pros: Career opportunities are good, leadership is good

Cons: Since Roche is a big company, approvals are a little more difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, very collaborative - people are always willing to help

Cons: too many layers, too many meetings
Advice: Simplify work flow
Pros: good working environment, friendly coworkers and innovative scientists

Cons: Roche is a massive organization that can be hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: great company with integrity and exciting prodcuts

Cons: Pay is not as competitive as competition due primarily to location
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome culture, work/life balance and working environment

Cons: Management can be weak and not address personnel problems.
Advice: None
Pros: People are great, opportunity to grow

Cons: Sometimes work interferes with preplabnwd life  activities
Advice: Keep the good work up
Pros: Grt place to work. Work n life balance

Cons: Difficult to move up, Very much a "boy's club" culture, Very little employee development
Advice: None
Pros: Work on novel technologies, site to site collaboration

Cons: Stability was not there for some positions
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work-life balance, friendly atmoshphere

Cons: Sr. Directors are terrible managers and lose talented people
Advice: None
Pros: Long history of molecular diagnostics

Cons: Toxic environment created by upper leadership
Advice: Start listening to employees, align on strategy across LCs
Pros: Compensation, Benefits, good work/life balance

Cons: Conservative development program, regional
supporting is not quite strong
Advice: None
Pros: Strong pipeline, good environment and competitive compensation

Cons: It depends on the Department
Advice: None
Pros: Pension ended in 2011, great over all benefits

Cons: Lifestyle, Travel, Long Work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Salary &amp; Benefits, Learning Curve, Exposure to multi-functions inside the corporate

Cons: Contractors could be treated better
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Good benefits. Overall great experience

Cons: not too many events for interns
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people; collaborative team; meaningful projects; wonderful work life balance

Cons: -Not busy enough
-Got bored from day to day events
Advice: None
Pros: -Wholesome Employees and Bosses
-Great Campus
-Work on professional development

Cons: Office politics
Slow upward mobility
Poor work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting Science
Diverse environment
Overall good people

Cons: Not room much to grow,
Advice: None
Pros: It's big and stable, as long as your project last.

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for - good management - Friendly

Cons: Not much to say, sometimes need work extra hours
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive team to work with, good pays

Cons: Slow decision making process are unfortuante
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture is inclusive and diverse

Cons: Hard to move up.
Too much politics involved in decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Corporate benefits
Job security
Good work hour flexibility

Cons: Certain changes move slowly through the ranks.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, will learn a lot here.

Cons: Leadership direction, some micro-management and typical political games
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits,  autonomy, global travel

Cons: Very layered organization, complicated processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, high quality of science

Cons: Poor Management, lack of scientific creativity.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, amazing people.

Cons: Divestments unexpected , slow to take decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical environment, good benefits, diversity mind set

Cons: Difficult to advance career, poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, decent pay

Cons: I have not experienced any unexpected cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great work environment, great campus.

Cons: It s a good company a pay very good
Advice: Yes
Pros: Because it's a good company

Cons: Lies, false promises, back stabbing, works you over time and then gives you days off to lose your overtime.
Advice: You kept saying to be more transparent. Well it would've been nice if you were..
Pros: If your a contractor nothing is a pro.

Cons: No cons as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work. Free food.  Awesome people

Cons: Roche is not concerned for the people that work for the company. It puts profits over people in all situations.
Advice: Hire managers that are actually good with people, not just people with PhD’s.
Pros: I worked with some incredible people.

Cons: Long hours, open 24 hours a day
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, great group of people

Cons: Culture of consensus decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Patient focused
People are dedicated and talented

Cons: Not Bay area style working culture. They don't treat employees well. They care about attendance than your work and skills. Lot of politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare domain. Company is stable.

Cons: None that I can recall.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent leadership, benefits and incentives.

Cons: Sequencing division is not flourishing and has bad management upper and lower.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Unfortunately right now there are more cons than pros at this company. However, I outline the top 3 cons below-

1. Poor senior management - they give direct reports no visibility into short term or long terms objectives and there are no employee insights incorporated into plans. Its basically here is the plan, just implement and do not ask any questions.  

2. Culture of fear leads employees to not  speak up. Those who do get a 'mark against them'. 

3. Constant change and poor communication has resulted in employees feeling paralyzed and unable to perform their roles.
Advice: * You hire knowledgeable and innovative people. Listen to them and engage them with the company direction. 
* Focus on senior management actually 'talking the talk'. Roche Global has great programs/culture for employees, but in practice this is not being followed. 
* Listen to the employees on the ground. You have truly amazing people who work for you.
* While flexibility and change are good in the pharmaceutical industry, employees need to see a plan and understand why flexing is needed and what they are being asked to do. Without this, it looks like an inability to devise strategy and implement.
Pros: * Colleagues (below senior management) are supportive and caring
* Excellent pipeline and drug development

Cons: 100% corporate world
mid management living in a bubble
A lot of experiences people are leaving the company - it is a pity that there is not idea how to grow them inside the company - the idea is more to make them leave
a lot depends on the manager - there are procedures but the manager may try to tell you that your case is special and does not apply,
Unsupportive HR dept 
Politics at all levels 
Work life balance sucks when you work with people across 9 hour time zone difference (both ways)
pay lower than the average on the market
Advice: Make sure you take accountability seriously and not only on slides
Pros: Great work atmosphere,
working with great and skilled people,
some new technologies, 
good benefits (medical, sport clubs and retirement plan)

Cons: - Bureaucracy, has a lot of unnecessary procedures and red tapes.
- Inexperienced local senior management in handling IT projects(commit on projects with unreasonable timeline, ridiculosly low budget, and expect to build castle in the air).
- Talented peoples are leaving really fast.
- Local senior management has no respect for lower ranked staffs and contractors.
- Dictatorship style by local senior management. Staffs that challenge their decision were told to leave.
- Blames are pushed from everwhere and nothing gets solved. In the end all goes to lower ranked internal staffs and contractors.
Advice: Get rid of the bad leaders if you are really serious about expansion.
Pros: - Great office facilities, free breakfast.
- Talented and experienced coworkers.
- Challenging projects, great learning opportunities.
- Get to learn and observe the art of how the local managements push away responsibilities and still telling everyone they did a great job.

Cons: Realising business strategy is extremely difficult because of culture and poor leadership. Painfully slow. Wants to be agile but protects its hierarchy. Promotes a "speak up" culture in a superficial way only. Lacks transparency in its performance management process, with advancement generally on basis of managing the "right" relationships rather than acting in the best interests of the business and producing results. Pays lip service to diversity - no real commitment in a substantial way and constantly missing real opportunities to reflect its markets. Talented people often leave or are pushed out. Poor leadership behaviour seems to be rewarded.
Advice: Start listening. Practice what you preach. Hold yourself and others accountable.
Pros: Inspiring mission and solid long-term business strategy. Interesting, challenging work - lots of change. Some wonderful, very talented colleagues - particularly in R&amp;D and product development.

Cons: -Very old system and tools, incredible cumbersome processes, very narrow mindset unacceptance of (significant) improvement ideas, with an future outlook.
-Highly hierarchical,  too much politics around to consider, and hidden interests under the projects like "people care, people development."
Advice: -Consider and pay attention to employee that have a brain, but feel so limited by the created environment. They care for business, do the work and have an opinion, not only nod their head! They are massively leaving the place!
-Take meaningful decisions,  and start to learn  and understand what your people are actually doing ! 
-Allow a performance rating based on fair criteria and apply it to all !
Pros: -Additional benefits, location, cantine, reputation in industry.

Cons: Not sure where to start sadly. This is a company that should have been proud of its culture...instead its allowed a very US centric model ‘eat’ in to everything that worked and was managed well. Biggest downfall is lack of integrity and transparency - especially in PD.  Trust from employees of 10+yrs service has GONE. HR is shockingly bad too.
Advice: Yes, companies need to grow and adapt to the changing environment...but you need to bring your emplyees on board  through transparency, trust and integrity. Neither of which have been demonstrated over the last 6+yrs. Consequently don’t be surprised when people walk after being committed for many years.
Pros: Passionate about bringing innovative and effective drugs to patients.

Cons: Roche Latín America doesn’t have the same leadership style than the rest of the regions. Leaders are selfish and worried about their own benefit, very political and cold. It is not inspiring as it is in international or Basel. Mainly because of the Commercial, GMs and Human Resources people at the regional level, it is known that they even have affairs with employees.
Advice: You should change leaders in the Latin America region , and bring a new generation of managers that really reflect the Roche culture globally.
Pros: Leadership is a strategic pillar, the CEO is an inspirational leader and with a strong focus on people. Is it the most wonderful company, with a strong purpose and great pipeline.

Cons: Too endless to list in this department. Worst thing is the horrific management. Worked in this horrific department for several years hoping things would get better. Roche is a fantastic company to work for but unfortunately you experience a company through the department you’re in and this is a rotten one.
It is incredibly political and competitive with people ready to stab you in the back at any moment. 
The worst aspect of this place is easily the management team as the culture bleeds from the top down. They lack integrity, are not understanding or fair at all and see people merely as pawns to milk everything out of; with 2 of the male managers being the worst. Accusations are constant and you will regularly have to defend yourself. Management are only interested in benefiting themselves selfishly and are more than happy to throw you under a bus to make themselves look better. The manager you get will define your experience of the job, as approaches are inconsistent. 
Worklife balance is non-existent in this place with people being encouraged to work overtime for no compensation everyday until 11pm-2/3am and during weekends. 
You will not get just credit for your effort and results but instead praise and opportunities go to the management’s favourites regardless of their actual ability and performance.  
This department might be alright as a stepping stone or learning experience for a short period of time but I would not recommend it for any long term option. All in all this is a toxic work environment and not a good place for your mental health. I have seen many talented individuals fall foul of this place.
Advice: There is no point me writing anything here as they have no desire to listen or change - they only like to look as if they are listening.
Pros: Flexible working as you can work from home 3 days a week and they have flexitime
Excellent training for you to do your job
High standards of work
Development opportunities. Though it should be noted that some managers treat development opportunities as a bargaining chip e.g. “you can only work on project x if you do it in your own time on top of your normal work” if they know you are interested in something and may concede to their request, whereas someone else who wasn't interested in it would just be given time to work on it.

Cons: The Roche leadership approach is going "back to the future" -- that is, the leadership teams are increasingly white, middle-aged, German speaking men. The CEO has even told employees that the company can't find qualified women applicants (nonsense). For all the talk (and there is a lot of it) about transforming the company for the future, it's not going to get there with the current leadership mindset. 
Office politics have gotten worse than ever. Turnover is increasing sharply, as people are either pushed out or leave because they can't take the politics anymore. Almost every department is restructuring with layoffs.
Middle management is poor. The speak-up culture is on paper only. Try it in the real world and you'll see how quickly you get penalised for it. 
Women are fast disappearing from leadership positions.
The ridiculous and counter-productive emphasis on speaking German for global roles when German speaking is not remotely necessary. It only promotes more cronyism among the white, German-speaking middle-aged men running the company. Diversity and inclusion have been thrown under the bus.
Roles are being downgraded with lower salaries and bonuses. At global headquarters, it's almost impossible to advance without being a native or near-native German speaker, even if German is only marginally related to the actual job
HR is not there to help you. Ever.
Substandard IT tools and technology
Advice: Stop insisting that global roles be filled by German speakers. What good is German in LATAM,  the Middle East and Asia Pacific? 
Walk the talk in the Leadership Commitments
Clear out middle management driven by their own ambitions and not the good of the company
Listen to employees before making IT decisions. Stop forcing employees to use substandard tools and  ignoring their complaints
If you're not going to listen to employees, then be honest and stop the employee surveys. What's the point if you're not going to act on any of the issues raised?
Stop making employees pay the price for poor management decisions
Pros: Meaningful work. If there's one standout thing about the company, it's that the majority of employees are genuinely committed to improving health care around the world.

Cons: Politics, hidden personal agendas, slander and gossip at their most sophisticated forms, really poor culture, especially in the Greek affiliate over the last 5 years
Advice: Do not perceive everyone that does not support your hidden personal agenda (like all your direct reports do) as your enemy, there are people that can work and prosper without personal agendas and politics...
Pros: If you are coming from Switzerland or USA , you have good opportunities to grow. Good Benefits and work-life balance. It used to be a company with good culture, too ...

Cons: Lots of changes recently, though for the better, but it requires to much flexibility from employees. Leave some time for stabilization. We need to take a breath.
Advice: Keep doing like this, but be always honest with employees. Always tell us the thruth and keep your word.
Pros: Good employer. Lots of benefits, yearly bonus based on achievements, soft skill trainings, possibilities to travel.  Lots of improvements in the past 3-4 years. 
Good place to work at. Employees are assets. Big focus on people management.

Cons: - Poor attitude from the leadership team, all talks no action.  Some leaders even play "passing the blame" game. 
- Long serving employees holding managerial position who have no prior experience  in the industry, either bossing around new hires or play the ignorant game resulting in frustration among new hires.  
- Poor internal processes, some departments did not even have one for past decades.
Advice: Please be fair to all employees and practice active listening.
Take appropriate action on feedback instead of pretending to listen.  We know when you are just putting up a show.
Pros: - Colleagues are generally easy to get along
- Remuneration package is better than other industries

Cons: Many employees and so promotion may not be as fast as it is in smaller Companies.
A bit late in lunching some vital money spinning products in the market. for example in launching POC in viral load.
Advice: To be proactive in introducing new technology into the market, as was done for Reflotron. Roche was the first to introduce Electrochemilluminisence  technology into the market.
Pros: World leader in Diagnostics. Diversity in Product lines. A place to work and gain lots of experience. Also a Pharma and Diabetes Company.

Cons: Not highly paid (less than the average pharma), sometime processes are complex, decisions take long time to be made, like other big pharma at the time of crisis things can change very quickly
Advice: Change is necessary, but make people feel that it's a strategic change, linked to a vision, rather than just a short term gain.
Pros: Nice environment (when stable), good learning organization, diverse, opportunities to grow and develop career

Cons: Very much process oriented unnecessarily , does not adjust with even a slight breach , even will make you sign regarding your posting and mode of conveyance if you want to work.overall for me the company sucks.
Advice: Please be a bit more considerate and stay parroting ideas and ethics that are not based on real grounds.you people are worse do not become worst please
Pros: People are caring and facilities are good

Cons: Working across Basel and San Francisco requires significant flexibility due to the time difference. Global positions require availability during peak international working hours (04:00-07:00 pm GMT, 07:00-10:00 am PST)
Advice: None
Pros: Doing now what patients need next. Developing innovative medicines that are designed and delivered with patient needs in mind. Looking for innovative access solutions that meet the widely diverse local needs

Cons: Heavy workload with LOTS of unpaid extra hours expected. Some old fashioned practices that need to be sorted.
Advice: Don’t expect staff to work 50/60 hour weeks and not be drained and unhappy
Pros: Modern thinking company with good opportunities for world wide moves. OK car policy. Upbeat staff in some areas.

Cons: Field staff are treated like robots compulsory 50+ hours every week in the field then you have admin on top of that, no extra pay or time off to compensate, high paced high stressed working enviroment, to many different instrument types to look after which means you are not proficient in anything and support is non-existent. Low moral all round the company is a meat grinder
Advice: Open your eyes and act on all those HR buzz word initiatives like work life balance and well being at work. The field staff are on their knees
Pros: Its employment, thats about it

Cons: Who you know not what you know for promotion 
Internal meetings prioritised over external customers 
Hierarchy system and process overload
Layer of middle management has no real influence
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, bonus, super package
Good hours with flexible start and end times
Nice office and flexible working
Overseas annual scientific conference 
Central location barangaroo
Good agency support and budgets

Cons: Big company environment prohibits rapid change. More diversity needed in middle management. Culture is still too hierarchical in some departments.
Advice: Simplify work, business processes. Focus more on people than on processes. Empower teams rather than departments or sections.
Pros: Science driven environment, e.g. focus on novel  therapeutics rather than generics. Lots of career opportunity. Clear vision and strategy by senior management. Many nice colleagues.

Cons: Very European and US centric, need to increase culturally diversity beyond these groups, and make it more attractive to have an international career.
Advice: Increase efficiency in the organisation  and reduce dividends to investors to move the wealthy pipeline forward. Be better prepared for the disruptive environment being led by Google and Amazon
Pros: Focused on delivering for patients, and to ensure a great place to work

Cons: Very inefficient processes.  Ineffective and incapable leaders survives too long and demotivates very capable people.
Advice: Don't float bad leaders too long. You will lose good people and drop their efficiencies. Many leaders with very bad leaderships skills survives too long despite the feedback.
Pros: Great company and very good to their employees.  Really care for patients.

Cons: Can be very bureaucratic
People stay here for a long time (because they love their jobs!) so there isn't a lot of movement in the organization.
Advice: Keep encouraging a culture of speaking up and challenge.
Pros: Depending on your manager, you get real career development conversations
Great work-life balance, flexible working arrangements

Cons: Depending on your personal nature - the work life balance can suffer by the intensity of engagement in work
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to work on exciting projects that challenge you
I enjoy the culture in Roche, the way of interacting with each other, the level of respect.
Great chances to work with highly skilled persons to improve patients lives

Cons: Very stressful, frequent restructuring, so many people being let go
Advice: Check if their background investigators verify if the phone number of a reference provided by an applicant actually belong to the person named as a reference, and if the supposed manager was actually a manager in that company.
Pros: Great pay, excellent benefits, easily accessible by public transit

Cons: lack of a strong leadership;
"empowerment" is actually delegating all the work to direct reports, leading to overload;
fight among departments leading to a semi-aggressive and sometimes toxic climate;
no real team working within organisation
Advice: None
Pros: open mentalities from Top Management
support granted when needed
flexibility
moving in different countries, if having the necessary connections within the organisation

Cons: however the complex process always drag you down. productivity could be damaged and passionate people would gradually turn lazy.
Advice: empower local affiliates
improve the income 
smplify the supportting functions and focus on business units
Pros: Roche is a leading biotech company with robusty pipeline. working at roche make me keep learning medical knowledges beyond school.

Cons: We are growing very fast, so not every process is defined yet..but we are getting there. You need to be agile and flexible to appreciate Roche
Advice: You are on the right track.. always have Employees on your mind
Pros: Open communication culture, mgnt is open to suggestions and very people oriented. A lot of career and development opportunities within Roche Group

Cons: Pay: They leave you on the pay's lower limit.
I havent worked that long yet to add more comments Cons wise
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly yet professional. They try their best make the employee feel at home and show support all the way.

Cons: Global company, so lots of travel.  All sites are subordinate to Basel and South San Francisco, so if you're not at either of those you're unlikely to get that far.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent money, rich company with lots of resources

Cons: they should try to get to know more their employees on an personal level.
Advice: They care a lot about their employees, but they should try to get to know more their employees on an personal level.
Pros: PALIG inssurance, good pay, nice and relax environment, beautiful workplace, open HR and life advisors.

Cons: Not much focus on people development (again depending on the department and manager). 
Strongly focused on tactics and not on the strategy/vision.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits, innovative products that help patients, flexible work schedule and all the resources you need.  Good environment (depending of the departments)

Cons: Double standard, politics, lack of work ethics, gangs, not walking the talk, lack of transparency, lack of clarity of the processes, Very weak and unprofessional departments specially HR, Roche Diagnostics, remuneration and promotions are purely based on politics rather than competencies. Very appalling attitude against working women/ moms. People in leadership are lacking backbone.
Advice: Assure that Roche culture is implemented everywhere across the world without compromising the delegation of authorities specially in Middle East
Pros: Company Brand Name and Quality of the products

Cons: same positions and tasks as in every SSC companies (SAP all day);
typical 9-5 life;
poor compensation;
very monotonous, eventless, humdrum and boring work;
poor development and career opportunities after long years
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance;
convenient workdays;
not much stress

Cons: You are just a number. Stressful job with a lot of unpaid overtime.  The company tricks you into providing the extras.
Advice: Walk your talk
Pros: Coworkers are good Collaborative environment where people are very team based. It creates a lot of meetings though.

Cons: Environmental pressure on specialized medicines cost.
Need to improve internal competitive mindset after 15 years without competition in the Company's key products.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong and embedded culture focused on patients well being motivates and engages employees
Innovative company bringing to patients life-changing medicines

Cons: Politics! Senior management only think about themselves. Avoid! No opportunity to progress unless you 'manage up', doesn't matter whether you do a good job or not
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, lovely office, encourage innovative thinking, fairly flexible hours

Cons: Hierarchical system: decision making comes from above
Since it is a massive company, you do not have easy access to upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Commitment to the personal development of the employees
Flexible hours
Cutting-edge products
Room for progression within the company
Great management
Good benefits/compensation
Rewards for productivity/achievements (peer recognition)

Cons: Conservative policies tend to slow things down
Lack of career guidance for younger employees
Tend to only hire seasoned individuals
Advice: Hire younger less experienced employees.  They have more hunger, interest and are less likely to coast.
Pros: Intelligent people to work with
High level of ethics and compliance

Cons: In Roche you don't have a clear vision of your career pathway and the opportunities are not equally distributed.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche has a very strong oncology portfolio and average salaries with other benefits such as schooling, health insurance, and others.

Cons: constantly changing environment, very unpredictable with regards to structure, processes and tools
Advice: don’t change everything at the same time
Pros: one feels appreciated, nice colleagues and good atmosphere despite high pressure.

Cons: not very quick to advance careers,
Advice: carry on . best wishes.
Pros: Work life balance ,  Culture &amp; Values 87 percent of employees say their workplace is great. ... I am able to take time off from work when I think it's necessary. 89%.

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge depending on the job.
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a great company to work for. It has a collaborative environment. You are encouraged to drive your own career and there are many oppertunities to advance within the company.

Cons: no concrete plans for people development
Advice: Please focus on people development too thus it will pur the organization development
Pros: good work culture with good vision till 2030, serving for patients as patient centricity

Cons: Slow moving, very bureaucratic, complacent in its former leadership position, few formal exec education opportunites
Advice: Invest a little more in your people
Pros: Great learning opportunities, decentralized model, fair wages, great stepping stone for greater responsibility in smaller companies

Cons: You have to develope soft skills , not sure this is a cons but hard and only analytical financial people propably will find difficult to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to make a career , great visión an patient focus.

Cons: Sites with 2500+ people may not be to everyone's liking
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a very international and dynamic environment to work in, great people, chances for career advancement if one wishes. Had experience in both pharma and diagnostics.

Cons: Complex structures mean taking action can be hindered by too many decision makers
Advice: Value the talent you have before you lose it
Pros: Opportunities for training and development if you are self-motivated

Cons: Management in certain departments (not all) could impart more trust in their employees and empower them to make decisions. Remuneration below average for market
Advice: None
Pros: Visionary company. Great progression opportunities if the face fits. Great work/life balance.

Cons: Location is fairly remote but the office space makes up for this.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative working environment - great offices with onsite gym and restaurant. Autonomy in your role with room for progression.
Ability to take ownership and share ideas.
The GM is so inspirational!

Cons: Leadership, siloed workforce and embarrassing level of amateurish development within IT
Advice: Leadership in my area is extremely weak, focusing on PR and self promotion over value creation.
Pros: Money, location and work life balance

Cons: some people are selfish and manager think that destructive feedback would help people development. small affiliate with low global network possibilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Good cultural environment and flexible hours help to get work balance .

Cons: Certain smaller countries sometimes get isolated and not always involved in the bigger picture
Advice: Ensure the international ethos is carried over to all countries
Pros: Upbeat, professional, caring, innovative. They have a true concern for their staff and development

Cons: High ambiguity towards the future (mostly due to the business area)
Advice: None
Pros: Great spirit and mission. If you want to be part of a big mission a great place.

Cons: Sometimes the job is a bit monotone, not that many career opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: I can use both of the foreign languages I've learned (English and German), high level technical background provided for us, great team spirit, amazing management.

Cons: Large amount of people layed off recently, doesn't appear to have good job security
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent working environment, friendly colleagues, good management and regular opportunities to train, personal development, strong place to do science

Cons: - Poor work/life balance
- Continually cutting resources, but same amount of work and quality of work required
- Very slow to adapt to change and to make decisions
Advice: None
Pros: - Try to look after you

Cons: Little creativity, flexibility, good ol white boy culture and loads of back stabbing wih pretend smiles
Advice: None
Pros: Good training, processes and some really nice people

Cons: When listing new jobs have the tendency to already list in the job title preferred candidate already identified.
Advice: None
Pros: Working schedule is flexible, there is good balance of life and work.

Cons: you can see people in the sma position for 30+ years
Advice: having a local country manager, not always bringing someone form other countries
Pros: great environment, and benefits. patient focus

Cons: The company is very concerned about the relationship, sometimes this is a problem.
Advice: None
Pros: A big company, with a great atmosphere!
The salary base are in line with the others companies and there are great benefits.

Cons: Really bad management, lack of transparency, dangerous environment for speak up
Advice: Really follow the values of the company: integrity, courage and passion and the 7 leadership rules
Pros: Good salaries and employee conditions

Cons: focus on inefficient long discussions with ineffective results
Advice: use potential of your people and empower them to make decision
Pros: products, culture, good benefits, great place to learn

Cons: No real opportunity to advance in career
Too many barriers to getting work done
Advice: Look and support talent within your groups.
Pros: Flexible and transparent
Compensation is fair

Cons: Improve communication, have a better decision making, better salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment (in general), good skills investments (for the employees in general), give good "tools" to work

Cons: Pay is lower than for other companies in this industry
Advice: Review your pay structure and make your employees feel wanted and needed.
Pros: Company encourages team work and has some great people working for them.

Cons: Very large, fragmented, processes are dire despite continual employee satisfaction surveys
Advice: Empower staff to make the right decisions
Pros: Flexibility, career opportunities, benefits, people

Cons: Sometimes hard to get internal promotions. But may depend on site.
Advice: Look at what you have inside every now and then
Pros: The social benefits they offer

Cons: Very little, I would say. Will update when I find out!
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Really good company, great culture - bright people, and very friendly. Very flexible working environment, too

Cons: Too many leaders that can't agree, feels like a rollercoaster!
Advice: Stop trying to prove a point &amp; allow those around you to have a voice.
Pros: Great products, generally people are nice.

Cons: Overloaded team and few trainings
Advice: None
Pros: Roche is a good company, this Company gives to you opportunities to improve your skills guinding you to create new ideas and new pojects .

Cons: frequent company restructuring job eliminations
Advice: Value employees with significant tenure. Require Managers to actively participate in employee development and to seek their own development.
Pros: Good benefits and quality products

Cons: R&amp;D can be a risky business, hence some need for flexibility/ adjustments of workforce
Sometime hierarchical and slow progression
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment
Work on life changing projects
Good benefits

Cons: None, your life is what you make it
Advice: Keep your great people, they are what makes Roche what it is.
Pros: Amazing people, portfolio. pipeline and ethos

Cons: heavy decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: talented people, amazing pipeline, great compensation, no micromanagement, dvlpmt opportunities, amaxing daycare, annual bonus, flexible working hours/location

Cons: Limited career options, poor leadership &amp; HR policies
Advice: Better coaching, performance &amp; career management options.
Pros: Good benefits, good people profile

Cons: - sometimes processes are slow
Advice: None
Pros: - flexible working time
- cantine
- doctor on-site
- great opportunities to do practical training abroad
- very international company
- good salary

Cons: A long time to get a fix positions for scientists
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, salaries, high tech, cooperation

Cons: hard to take big decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work,  flexible time,  lots of room to develop

Cons: Very protected environment making employees rigid
Advice: Make sure to plan beyond the re-org
Pros: Clearly defined processes, Good infrastructure, Fun visionary co-workers

Cons: workload may be a lot, a lot of company politics
Advice: None
Pros: Attention to employee, familiar style of management, generally positive managerial attitude

Cons: There is a lot of competition to get in and to find a job
Advice: None
Pros: Working flexible hours, very open-minded people

Cons: Decision making process may be a bit slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great focus on developing great leaders; outstanding culture; very flexible working schemes

Cons: not many cons i can think of, maybe too hectic at times
Advice: None
Pros: very good, nice working environment, good pay

Cons: perfectionism  sometimes require more time to reach the result
Advice: Well done job  and happy client is my target
Pros: Deep knowledge in the field

Cons: work pressure, No promotion for low position job
Advice: None
Pros: Good company
Good environment and salary

Cons: Very limited international career options. Lack of cultural diversity in the global organization
Advice: None
Pros: Strong financial background, good benefits

Cons: Processes in the company take a long time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great carreer opportunities, really good peers and fast-paced work environment. Good salary

Cons: Turnovers low salaries inexperienced teams
Advice: Competition is on the way
Pros: Decentralized model career opportunity diversity

Cons: Lot of senior management changes  in 2018, uncertainty in impact.
Advice: None
Pros: People development, collaboration, focus on Oncology.

Cons: None that spring to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely collaborative but given autonomy to get the job done. Lovely working environment and culture.

Cons: No work -personal life balance
Advice: Give realistic workloads to employees and minimise unnecessary systems
Pros: Good pay even for entry level positions

Cons: Too much bureaucracy at times
Advice: Reduce red tape
Pros: Strong ethics for pharmaceutical company

Cons: So far it has been a great place to work so no cons until now
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace and work environment

Cons: At first attempt HR makes ridiculous offers
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to arrange work from different locations

Cons: hard worker, trasparent, honest, work always as on top of the list
Advice: None
Pros: passionate, disciplined, team player, positive, results oriented person

Cons: 1) Limited growth opportunities in Mississauga office
Advice: None
Pros: 1) Great colleagues
2) Learning and development opportunities
3) Work Life balance
4) Compensation

Cons: No more job security, not anymore family oriented, too American
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, creativity, professionalism,cares about their employee, structured and systematic

Cons: Plenty of re-organisations and lack of transparency
Advice: None
Pros: Good social package and there is overtime

Cons: Work processes can be over complicated
Advice: None
Pros: Value driven culture, flexible work policy, great benefits for employees

Cons: There are better payers in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: People focus, inclusive, diverse, huge development opportunities, great reputation

Cons: Restructuring every year , high turnover.
Advice: More focus on employee less on cutting cost
Pros: Good training, salary and benefits

Cons: none i can think of ,
Advice: Keep doingwhat ur doing
Pros: awesome, smart, talented, ambitious good salaries

Cons: Very complex and burocratics processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical company, 100% commited with patient health.

Cons: Repetitive work,  No growth, not challenging enough
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, great place to work, diverse, flexibility

Cons: Low motivation to push proactive working
Advice: None
Pros: Provide great training to employee

Cons: Complex/complicated structure.
Heavy processes sometimes.
No clear pathways for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: People focused culture. Strong in science. Friendly atmosphere.
Empowering people to make decisions.

Cons: slow decision making and too big of a company to make real change
Advice: None
Pros: good people and culture

Cons: Some sectors are reliant on government subsidy
Advice: None
Pros: Great People
Decent Pay 
Successful Company 
Compliant Company 
Good Management

Cons: Decision making process takes too much time
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible; good work/ life balance

Cons: Early meeting as HQ is in Switzerland.
Advice: None
Pros: Great location, compensation is on par with the areas, pipeline is rich

Cons: Long hours, multiple projects and highly-politicking colleagues
Advice: None
Pros: Great total compensation package with free lunch

Cons: Rapid structural changes which can impact your daily work and career development
Advice: None
Pros: Feel valued as an employee

Cons: Intern salary below market when compared to other internships in Switzerland
Advice: None
Pros: Good work Environment for interns, housing taken care of

Cons: Conservative, lack of promotion opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Employees, product quality, good work-life balance, low salaries

Cons: salary doesn't depend on international currency rate, it is fixed in national currency
Advice: None
Pros: calm and nice working atmosphere

Cons: Workload, progression, no desks, progression opportunities, food prices
Advice: Walk the talk
Pros: Ambiance, culture, offices, pipeline, knowledge

Cons: Frequent changes in organization structure, turnover quite high for key positions
Advice: None
Pros: Good organisation mission, relatively good health benefits

Cons: Not much chance of advancement
Advice: none that they will listen to.
Pros: People that work there are friendly

Cons: Limitations and lack of flexibility for small emerging markets, sometimes double standards
Advice: None
Pros: Multicultural Environment, Training and Development Opportunities

Cons: Might need to work slightly long hours during peak times.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of international assignment opportunity

Cons: Not much Cons 
To much dependency on senior management
Advice: NA
Pros: Employee friendly cultural 
Perks
Nice people around you
Learning scope

Cons: Compensations is not always fare.
Advice: None
Pros: great work environment, great people

Cons: There were no cons to speak of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and an overall great company to work for.

Cons: Challenging competitive success oriented company
Advice: More benefits
Pros: Great work,performance based salary,average bonus

Cons: Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Advice: None
Pros: Good company
Good opportunities
Good environment
Good Place
Good Resources and People Management

Cons: Structure, salary, decision making ,
Advice: None
Pros: Vision, culture, people, compensation & empowerment

Cons: None at all. Great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits and salaries, Great staff

Cons: Too much politics in HR department. No teamwork. No transparency.
Advice: None
Pros: Substantial work life balance for worker

Cons: Nope , There are no issues are problems in Roche .
Advice: None
Pros: Really good company . Great work culture.

Cons: - Poor career development for entry level positions
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people
- Highly educated teams

Cons: no career path in the field service engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: multinational company and a great place to work.

Cons: None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: -Great inclusive company culture
-Good salary
-Very good work life balance

Cons: There is no clear promotion path
Advice: None
Pros: nice working conditions, nice colleagues, good balance between work and life

Cons: Flexibility to address burning issues
Advice: None
Pros: Great challenge in an innovative environment

Cons: Work Life  Balance is a challange
Advice: None
Pros: The Leadership team  is great

Cons: nil at this stage
Advice: passion is great here
Pros: growing market and a passion group to work for

Cons: Constant re-organizations and change overload
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative Working Atmosphere,
Career Development Opportunities

Cons: -HR could be better
-campus is too little
Advice: None
Pros: -flexible working hours
-lots of benefits
-good mensa food

Cons: No career plan,  wages
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, easy access, easy to talk with the managers.

Cons: Very boring, repetitive jobs, lots of unproductive meetings.  Politics come first, science and patients come last. Managers lack leadership skills.
Advice: Not worth giving advice to management. Lost cause.
Pros: Relatively secure (but very boring) jobs. Perfect for peacefully cruising into the retirement.

Cons: high requirement for the even entry level
Advice: stay active
Pros: good Europe culture, data science potential

Cons: processes are very very complicated
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of learning opportunities

Cons: -a little bit far from the city center
Advice: None
Pros: - very good place to work

Cons: the career development opportunities could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, salary, and values
