Cons: Horrible work life balance. Never a set schedule and punished for taking PTO by having to make up days missed once you return. Field sales managers feel like retail employees based on leadership directives, which constantly change by the week. None of which helps with our never ending schedule changes mid cadence which ruins our executive presence in-store. no one really gets reimbursed for mileage so in turn, our car's need heavy maintenance for only about $5-$10 back in return a week for gas. I could go on but all in all, I'm still with the company (for now) so until a better opportunity that's financially rewarding with good enough benefits presents itself, I will reluctantly remain an FSM.
Advice: Listen to your field team. In sourcing your employees isn't a "reward" it's a privilege for you and us all. It grants you the peace of mind knowing we will be out there doing SEA proud with integrity, not for you to work us to the bone until we lose pride in what we do. Respect that we have families and want time with our loved ones on major holidays like Thanksgiving. Please stop rubbing that we're all "One Samsung" and in sourced in our face every chance you get. It makes us want to quit and walk away for thinking you did us all a favor. I once loved my job but am now feeling depleted and unappreciated.
Pros: Excellent benefits (SEA Only) & decent pay

Cons: This is the most unethical, unorganized, and unstable place I have ever worked at. Be prepared to work six days(12 hours)/week. This is great if you are an hourly associate since you will receive overtime pay. However, if you are salary do not expect to receive overtime pay.  Supervisors are paid $12.50/hr on Saturdays.  That's right $12.50/hr on Saturdays. We make less than  hourly associates on Saturdays. Area Leaders make more than supervisors with all the overtime we are working. Some Area Leaders base pay is over $20/hr and $30+ with overtime. Supervisors are well underpaid (salary range $49k-$70k+) when considering the amount of time spent in the plant as well as the workload.  There is a major disconnect between HR and supervisors on the production floor.  We are treated like incompetent children by HR. They do not take the time to establish a professional relationship with us. The communication between HR and management here is extremely poor. There is no chain of command in the way information is delivered.  Quite often the associates will receive pertinent information before the supervisor. This place is also not a safe place to work at.  Safety is not a top concern to upper management. The turnover rate is alarming high. We lost at least 20 salary employees within the month of July alone. I have been working at SEHA for less than six months and I am leaving as soon as I find another job.
Advice: None
Pros: You get a paycheck, 10 days of PTO (for the entire year), No vacation time, health benefits are good

Cons: Look at the track record for the last 10 years layoffs, third party, micro managed. Black out from vacation for almost 6 months Thanksgiving - March 22nd and then summer time almost 2 months. Working every Saturday, Sundays mixed in and major holidays. Feeling of results only not there to help field teams succeed but to insure they are doing their jobs.
Advice: Work with field team closer as support not to micro manage. Have a better plan for execution instead of the internalized, third party, layoffs back and on and on.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. First hands on of latest devices. Representing one of the top brands available.

Cons: No room to move up.  All the higher positions are given to Korean expats.
Can't participate in some meetings as they are in Korean.
Long work hours.  More than 8 hours of work each day (around 10 to 12 hours of work) and they expect you to finish everything every day but they will question you if you apply for OT too much and then be blamed if you fall behind.  So you end up working extra hours for free if you want to catch up with work.
Orientation talks about how Samsung Values its people and its corporate responsibility.  But reality is different.  There are managers/executives that shout and yell at employees as if we were in the Middle Ages.  And even if the employees complain to HR, the company does not do anything about it as they would rather keep the executive than the lowly employee.  Thus, good employees just give up and either stay and be miserable,  or resign to preserve their health, or find work with another company.
Advice: Start applying the Samsung Values and truly value your people.
Pros: Good benefits.  
If you're lucky, you'll have a good supervisor or manager who will protect you from all the negativities in the company.

Cons: Lack of communication between departments, which often resulted in misunderstanding and contradictory decisions.

Toxic office politics, one of the worst working environment if ever experienced, I wouldn't have been able to stay for 3 years if I weren't working remotely.

Too many people in the management roles, not enough people who actually do work.

Many people are not capable of performing their jobs, the lack of knowledge plagues the company.

These are the 3 main things that generates unnecessary chaos and stress, and it is not a healthy work environment at all.
Advice: I wouldn't even know what to tell the management because I think it is too big to be fixed, and too big to fail.
Pros: I was lucky to work out in the Playa Vista office for the first year and half and then worked from home mostly for another 1.5 years, this may not be the case for most other employees especially for those who work at the main offices.

Cons: Leadership is constantly changing sales strategy. Compensation Plans are never concrete. Executive leadership is a rotating door.  Korean leadership from HQ still plays an influential role in sales cycle and often times over promises and puts opportunities at risk. No faith in current leadership. Overall morale of the sales team is low. Constant resignations of sales team to competitors.
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom and flexibility to run your business from home. Premier leading brand in tech.

Cons: No respect for individuals or appreciation for work completed.  Focus is always what has NOT been DONE.  Time spent on projects then only to have them discarded, so time is wasted.  Everything is dictated from HQ, they don't conform to the Silicon Valley ways.  No working from home and there's not trust at all.
Advice: If you're doing  business in the Silicon Valley, then adhere to the conventions and norms that make Silicon Valley special.  Bottom line, you're in the United States, not in Korea.
Pros: Big company and with a brand name.

Cons: If you can work a full eight hours without running out of work before half of the day is gone and having to end up cleaning the shop everyday for the rest of the day then you should be allright
Advice: Pick up production and increase manufacturing so hard working people like me could have a job!
Pros: Good paying job and it keeps you busy

Cons: No job security. We were sent a “look ahead” schedule for November and December. Everything was changed last week of October. No consistency. We were taken from third party, 2020 companies/PRS, in 2018. Layoffs in June of 2019. More layoffs and outsourcing back to third party companies in January 2020. We are told to sell but don’t make commission. Constant change in quarterly bonuses. No opportunity to be promoted. Some people are told one thing and others are told another. Leadership was taken from a failing program at Best Buy due to networking and who they knew.
Advice: Treat employees as people.
Pros: Flexibility, (sometimes) new technology, travel

Cons: From my knowledge there are no cons from what I read on your company page .
Advice: I would love to work for your company it's been a dream too now that you have located a plant here in my home town and your products are the best product to buy .
Pros: Great place to work great pay. Great place to retire and family environment.

Cons: not great compensation 
Management is really bad
No motivation 
No elevation
Advice: Compensate your employees to what they deserve and motivate your employees more
Dont blow off employees for opportunities within the company that will elevate their career
Pros: Great community of people to work with 
Great communication and hard working
They teach you alot

Cons: Mini, micro management
Manage by intimidation
Their failures translate to the employees fault
Toxic environment
Hostile work environment
Advice: Treat others like you wish to be treated
People have lives outside of work. It is called work/life balance
Do not threaten people daily, being nice will go much, much further
Pros: Very small paycheck, Costly benefits, little time off, work remotely (The best pro)

Cons: Poor work life balance, horrible management, hard to move on or move up if you are not one of them or friends with someone in upper management
Advice: Respect your employees and treat them fairly even if they are not from the same country
Pros: Great brand, Great company cool perks if applicable

Cons: A lot of time driving if you're in a rural area. That doesn't have to be a "Con".
Advice: Keep in mind that in rural areas it is more difficult to perform the required visits at times.
Pros: I really enjoy working for Samsung. It's a great opportunity to build many relationships with peers and customers.

Cons: Like most companies, it has it's share of politics but aside from that great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great overall compensation package and excellent benefits.  They also strived for work/life balance and letting you work from home when necessary.

Cons: Mostly managed by HQ in Korea,  top down approach 
Many projects gets dropped, no long term vision
Advice: Please have a long term , mid term and near term strategy.  Hire and define strategies and long term vision. There is no though leadership.
Pros: Cutting edge technology 
Innovation 
Opportunities to grow

Cons: Micromanagement
Management needs to understand that things happen in life. They lack active listening skills.
Advice: Take the Korean mindset out. Keep it universally in English when around others. Use best judgement. Lead by example.
Pros: The work is easy once you get in the groove of things.

Cons: You need to speak fluent Korean to move up in the company. They hire as “contractors”, don’t give you raises and then will let you go.  Middle management will not help you move up in the company.
Advice: Do better for your employees.
Pros: Starbucks machine in lobby, clean atmosphere.

Cons: extremely hard to be promoted, very strong culture, poor life balance. You are asked to be always available and have last minute trips constantly
Advice: None
Pros: speed faced company, you see a lot of different project, you learn very fast

Cons: Try to solve all difficulties and problems
Advice: Being the best on is your goal and Me.
Pros: To be one of this great Co and attamp toward its goals.

Cons: - Not a big infrastructure in place, need to create new request for any technology one might want to explore
Advice: None
Pros: - Able to work from scratch
- Being able to put one's own thoughts into process 
- Very supportive team for a combined success

Cons: Poor management, favoritism, unorganized
Advice: This job could be better. It's not terrible. But management is awful. Poor leadership and poor excuses for unaccountability made me feel as if the management team knows something we do not know...
Pros: Laid back, bonus incentives, flexible schedules

Cons: Very political in terms of advancement
Advice: Put more weight on results vs signing up for projects and who you know when promoting individuals.  Aside from that,  best place to work in my book.
Pros: Pay and benefits are great there.

Cons: Long hours. Sometimes product launches are very ruched.
Advice: None
Pros: The mobile team are dynamic and fun. You get the chance to try new and innovative things all the time. It's also very very fast paced so you will never be bored.

Cons: Need to call with Korea team and India team often. So most of the evenings are occupied by meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: very good benefit, including medical, cafe, gym. The coworkers are nicer. Team culture is a kind of like a family.

Cons: No respect
No worth or recognition given to employees. 
They do not value employees are your ideas. 
If you are not Korean, from Korea, you are not trusted or empowered.
Advice: Trust your employees
Value your employees
Pull from your treams experience
Pros: Pay. That is about it

Cons: Engineers are treated better than anyone else
Technician Advice is usually ignored
Terrible parking arrangement
High Stress
Slow pay increases, will low ball you in pay if you let them
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent modern Facility
Innovative Technology
Awesome Benefits
Clean and Organized

Cons: The company was disorganized and getting anything approved even the smallest things would take weeks which would make deadlines so difficult.
Advice: Get better organized
Pros: The people are great, a lot of intelligent and hardworking individuals

Cons: They need a very fast process, which makes you exhausted
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is a international company where you can get a wide perspective on how world is going.

Cons: Highly competitive. Limited upward mobility. Difficult to move internally. Experience highly dependent on team and business division.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and campus. Has large resources.

Cons: hard to grow within the company. Not many positions open above the current role. Almost feel like a dead end at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and employee discounts. Good products.

Cons: Sharing information with Oversea facilities
Advice: Support the environment for all employees motivation of improvement.
Pros: Mechanical engineering, Process improvement, Cost reduction, Process Innovation, and Development of creative idea.  Quick learner as highly motivated engineering mind.

Cons: Changes. Nothing is stable.
Advice: None
Pros: Changes. Constant changes. You need to grasp the opportunity in the midst of changes.

Cons: -Salary is not that high as compared to other R&amp;D companies
-Too much workload (no more life outside work)
-Office politics
Advice: None
Pros: -A lot of learning opportunities
-Exposure to real R&amp;D work

Cons: Headquarters out of Korea controls too much, no advancement, weak leadership
Advice: empower local teams and employees
Pros: competitive wage, good people, good benefits,

Cons: too much influence by Korean dispatchers and HR that dictate and lay down authoritatively at workplace.
Advice: None
Pros: very good pay and benefit

Cons: work-life balance, lots of deadlines, stressful workplace, poor training and hand over process, poor morale in management and staff level, racism
Advice: None
Pros: salary, bonuses, international company with professional staff

Cons: Pay was average, Samsung has eliminated their retail roles.
Advice: Open stores.
Pros: Fun environment, great company you can be proud of, great leadership

Cons: Working and Life balance is broken.
Advice: None
Pros: Resonable salary and welfare for employee which are scholarship for dependents and bonus salaries.

Cons: Work life balance 
Lack of diversity
Inconsistent processes
Lack of Senior Leadership (VP and above) strategy and direction
Advice: Work life balance doesn't exist.  Culture and senior leadership needs immediate change!
Pros: Compensation is good
Benefits  are food
Co workers support each other through the garbage they are put through from Korea (HQ)

Cons: too many cooks in the kitchen, difficult to make solid decisions.  Challenging work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Very talented team &amp; coworkers

Cons: Too much time in the office.
Advice: Engineers need more time with their family.
Pros: Samsung is great company.
I can do work as both Patent and Software Engineer.

Cons: Restructuring resulting in loss of postions.
Advice: Maintain current employees rather than eliminating force.
Pros: Benefits are top notch and affordable.

Cons: 24/7 company expecting 24/7 support 365
Advice: Find the right people and treat them with respect
Pros: Benefits, gym, cafeteria, bonuses and that's about it

Cons: firedrill reporting, some cultural challenges, some bad managers....
Advice: embrace your change
Pros: Great brand, products, benefits, and customers, good opportunity for results driven workers

Cons: difficult to work with korean HQ, constantly changing project goal &amp; scope
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good benefit, and good health insurance

Cons: The work culture probably isn't upto the mark.
Advice: None
Pros: With Samsung across so many sectors, you'll find some of the best people in their fields.

Cons: - No stock options for US employees
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent selection of food at the cafeteria  - Indian, Japanese, Korean, Italian, American Grill
- Great healthcare benefits

Cons: Micromanage by Koreans. Koreans are hard to deal with. No work / home life balance. Very unorganized and unprofessional
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay and benefits

Cons: Not a bright future in apparel retails in Korea. Bad leadership and management
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and people around you. Leading company in Korea

Cons: no stock  .. managers are useless and
Advice: None
Pros: good culture  .. .. .. .. ..

Cons: sometimes hastily reactions equaled decisions on 
impulses
Advice: lessen impulse decisions
Pros: multitasking is recognized and you work  w authority

Cons: Pressure but it's normal
Long hours of work
Advice: None
Pros: Good salaries
Free snacks and food
Very good environment

Cons: No latitude to implement changes
Short sighted management
Management has no clue about ground realities
No career progression
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand value
Good pay
Great product lineup

Cons: More travel than I wanted. I chose to spend more time with my family.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun.  Tech. Solid company. Perks. Freedom. Family.

Cons: There was a communication disconnect with senior level management.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are very strong.  The work was fun and rewarding.

Cons: Internal office politics that gets very complicated to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Relatively new team so lots of opportunities &amp; resources to experiment with

Cons: difficult to grow within org
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, great benefit

Cons: Very big organization, less self authority
Advice: None
Pros: Always try to achieve its target, and good compensation for it.

Cons: Too large to move up the ladder
Market response time is quite slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning experience
good peer
company prone to profit sensitivity.

Cons: Work Life Balance, Promotion can take 10 years, Bad City to live,
Advice: None
Pros: Experience at Samsung adds value to your resume

Cons: I can't really say there is anything bad with the company.
Advice: none
Pros: Great team got to work with good people

Cons: Top Management re-org very often
Advice: None
Pros: Most of the PM work was very strategic - preparing business cases, evangelizing and pitching.

Cons: Far away from HQ
Advice: They are doing good and improving day by day
Pros: Good benefits Good Food

Cons: Korean Culture
Office Poltics impacting big ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Global company
Working on the latest tech
Meaningful work

Cons: Management is not always good 
Turnover is high
Advice: None
Pros: Money is really good 
You can work tons of hours

Cons: Standing for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Got to meet a ton of celebrities and do fun activities

Cons: very poor poor poor management from both Korea and US
Advice: None
Pros: Great great perks: gym, food, samsung products discount

Cons: Too much  work pressure and short deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work. Worked on new  technologies

Cons: Alot of work when you after 3 months
Advice: None
Pros: Experience for new grads and looks good on resume

Cons: Korean culture, dependent on Headquarter in Korea
Advice: Good
Pros: Good atmosphere, high salaries, benefits

Cons: no work life balance. everyone works like that so you are forced to
Advice: None
Pros: Good but super hectic. many times weekends too.

Cons: Lower management can be disorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Treats employees fairly, policies are very lenient

Cons: Lower efficient on run business.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, Good Benefit. Top-tier management experience and tool to learn and use.

Cons: constant changes in leadership and direction
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are goods  lots of opportunities to grow

Cons: No set schedule lots of driving
Advice: None
Pros: Fun job you get to meet lots of new people

Cons: Extremely hierarchical structure, making it difficult to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience at a corporate company.

Cons: Long hours (no work life balance)
Lack of Job Security
Hostile Work Environment
Advice: None
Pros: Close to home
Benefits
Free lunches
Holidays off

Cons: Weird company culture, lots of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Offered some exciting opportunities and pay was ok

Cons: Cannot think of anything bad right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good location, pays well, good insurrane

Cons: not good management and leadership
Advice: None
Pros: benefit and good pay range

Cons: Long hours, you can'f affect the decision, strong hierarchy.
Advice: Decentralize
Pros: Perks, lots of smart youngsters, international environment

Cons: No equality. 
The management is bad.
Advice: None
Pros: food is good. All covered health plan.

Cons: No cons in the
Advice: There is no advise
Pros: Salary benefits is good to star

Cons: 1. hard to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Great pay
2. Great coworkers
3. Adaptive work environment

Cons: Nothing really bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Health Plan, Vacation Time, Great Coworkers

Cons: Competitive and toxic work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary, decent commute, great teams

Cons: Most of the task is related to maintainance
Advice: None
Pros: The work done is quiet relevant and good

Cons: Not much but again who complains
Advice: None
Pros: Get free lunch without going out to eat

Cons: Great place I like it
Advice: None
Pros: Potential  Growing Company in business

Cons: No work life balance. Numerous operational inefficiencies. No job security
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, discounts, varied work, travel to events

Cons: A lot of work
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefit and people are nice

Cons: - no clear project target
Advice: None
Pros: + work and life balance

Cons: Not much room for upward growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Sales jobs not too much pressure.

Cons: Used to work in Korean working culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit for employees (salary, medical benefit)

Cons: no growth curve in the team
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits in the company

Cons: Engineering driven, communication to improve
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and strong market position

Cons: work life balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: good place to learn, good benefits

Cons: Harsh business rhythm and overtime work
Advice: None
Pros: Well established global business practice

Cons: Too many releases due to high market reach
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent projects to work on.

Cons: not that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance and great people

Cons: Work flow is fast. work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good for career development

Cons: Hard work 
Work life balance 
Culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits 
Salary
Bonus  and compensation

Cons: Flavor of the month directives
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay and benefit ti match

Cons: only one full time employee per store
Advice: None
Pros: good pay for work required

Cons: Need to improve more tech side policies
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks and life balance

Cons: Time consuming,  tedious work
Advice: None
Pros: Team oriented, flexible schedule, great pay

Cons: time off, time off, time off
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, flexible, people, environment, colleagues

Cons: Not every district is aligned with HQ
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits , Perks,

Cons: No growth, mediocre salary, office politics
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: no stocks is the biggest disadvantage
Advice: None
Pros: good cafeteria, gym, nice view

Cons: Lots of hours for Little money
Advice: N/A
Pros: Easy work friendly environment nice temperature

Cons: work load is too much
Advice: None
Pros: work at network infras development

Cons: Great place to leave your past
Advice: None
Pros: Great plans for the heads

Cons: have a bad work culture
Advice: None
Pros: lots of chances to work

Cons: No support is given to accomplish job
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of responsibilities are given

Cons: Very little growth or opportunity.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, people worked with were nice.

Cons: Limited growth opportunities. Management lac in vision. Tribal mentality.
Advice: No real advice because it does not matter.
Pros: You will be following procedures and work in a specific per defined method. Decent pay and benefits.

Cons: Short breaks. Constant change. No pay increase. Can’t talk to anyone. Someone constant looking over your shoulder. Never any time for family.
Advice: Care about your employee. Show appreciation.
Pros: Some people are friendly. No move up

Cons: Too many people from the same nationality
Advice: None
Pros: Tech, location, nothing else to mention

Cons: Treated poorly and no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience and lots of ownership

Cons: The expectations of the management are unrealistic to achieve.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits they offer are good.

Cons: Not friendly management overall. just friendly to Korean Employee
Advice: None
Pros: Good co-workers, nice environment for work

Cons: Management provides unrealistic goals
No work/life balance
Stuck in old ways
No opportunity to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Free Food and great benefits.. that's about it..

Cons: Internal systems and tools are outdated. 
Not a very open culture.  Controlling managers.
Advice: Encourage openness.
Pros: Profitable company for most of the divisions. 
Lot of good people in technical areas

Cons: Hours, Upper management, PTO, having to work a lot and not getting paid because of being salary
Advice: Start over
Pros: Pay is the only good thing
