Cons: hardly found as long as you are willing to live and work in Korea.
Advice: Keep moving forward to global culture standard so that the company becomes global company.
Pros: As a sales manager in headquarter located in Korea, I worked with so many various IT companies such as Amazon, Apple, Sony etc. Everyone knows Samsung that has been leading many industries(Mobile, TV, Display, Semiconductor etc). So, that is more than just a privilege. If you want, you have many career opportunities and compensation is overall better than any other competitors. Work & Life balance is getting better. What you've probably heard about it is rumors that applied long time ago. Working culture is getting global as well.

Cons: Usual problems of a large company made worse for people at US site by Korea-centric leadership attitude.   Silo-ed, very complicated corporate structure, hard to communicate, variable quality management - can be quite ineffective.    Many people wonder why the great success when they look around them and see what's done that they can see.   Somehow, enough works somewhere for the company to succeed.
Advice: Better take advantage of remote sites to lead and innovate.   Everything driven from Korea wastes the strengths of other locations.
Pros: Polite, calm culture, a lot of good people, ambitious culture,

Cons: No work-life balance. Koreans are expected to sit around in their desk until their seniors leave work. And they usually work until 8-10pm. When busy, easily passed midnight. High work ethics but no efficiency at work. Expected to be ready to come to work, get on the messenger or answer your phone even in the week-end. Everything's 'emergency'.
Always worked in fear. Higher managers are always extremely stressed under lots of pressure. Managers don't know how to manage people. The whole company needs a serious change in work culture.
Advice: Management must learn to repect and appreciate their employees. Hire more people so employees don't have to overwork for 2-3 people's work load.
Pros: Since I came from abroad to work for a branch in Africa, they paid for my apartment (considering the local rental price, $2,000/month), transportation (had a driver who helped me commute) and free quality lunch. Depending on the sales, good compensation.
Looks good on the resume. And after working in such a high pressure workplace, nothing else seem terribly difficult.

Cons: - Typical Korean or East Asian company culture such as “top down” rigid structure, and it’s less organic than western companies. 
- Top 20 international EPC contractor, but a non-Korean staff's influence is limited even though he or she is high-level management.
Advice: - Don't make your team spend too much time doing what is useless.
- Learn how to use team effectiveness with being flexible.
Pros: - Financially stable as the mother company of Samsung Group, which is the largest business conglomerate in South Korea.
- Provided a great opportunity to manage a large-scale international project with a budget at least $ 1 billion.

Cons: The top-down ultra-Korean approach to everything can be stifling and suffocating without a strategy. Being pro-active and finding allies is an absolute must. Unfortunately many non-Korean workers never really figured this out.
Advice: To attract global talent, develop global teams that are outside of the strict Korean hierarchical corporate structure and use them as  a best practice for traditional teams.
Pros: Working at Samsung Electronics HQ provided great stretch opportunities rarely available at other organizations. Responsibilities were vast; sometimes discordant which could be an issue for someone looking for structure.

Cons: Micromanaging Every Move, if you complain to HR about management you will be out within 2 month seen several time . Not good for woman, different kind of abuse. No human touch  they want you work as a robot.
Advice: HR know who are the abusive managers get ride of them ..Find out all the women workers company fired, for no reason last 3-4 years because they complain about the boss. change the culture. go back 10 years when it was good.
Pros: good health insurance benefits , big company  ..

Cons: Management will never give you a clear cut answer. They beat around the bush. It's very segregated here. It's either your one of us or you're not. Many people quit because they are operating this like how they would work in Korea. They want you to get everything done, but don't want you to work over time.
Advice: Be more direct like the old Korea. Don't be afraid. Be firm but affirmative. Be strict but fair. Reward the people who work hard, not reward the people who do no good for the company.
Pros: The work is easy. The people are laid back. Managers don't get on your case about much. Anyone can adapt to this place.

Cons: All business decisions come from mother ship in S. Korea.  Soul-less, no personality, no fun, sterile environment, sterile people, good old boys network, spend tons of time on things that do no really matter and dont move the needle, very executional and tactical vs using your brain and data to make strategic decisions.
Advice: More women in executive positions.  Be more open to change and new thinking.  Think outside the lines.  Be less stuffy.
Pros: household name, good retail/product marketing experience, pay, vacation days

Cons: Work/life balance, find ways to not pay commission, change rules on sales quota at end of performance periods, do not promote from within.
Advice: Salesforce.com is not as important as actually going on meetings..  stop hiring VP level folks who don't understand the mobility business. Promote deserving Sr Managers and Directors.
Pros: Benefits and pay is good... changing technology is exciting with good investment in R&D.  Beyond that, not much which is sad.

Cons: intense working environment, far from Seoul ( even though the company provides company shuttles from Seoul to Suwon for free)
Advice: None
Pros: work: High responsibility, exposure to VPs & C-level, can experience all the value chain around products, open to change the team within Marketing Group

Other benefits: nice facilities (huge gym, sauna, swimming pool, rock climbing, squash..)can use it for less than $30/month. free three meals (with lots of choices), free hospital/ medication in campus

Cons: There is a lot of things to learn every week about their programs and the company. Sometimes these information are not utilized during work due to the lack of customers traffic. People slack off and there is not much room for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay for a part time sales position. Schedule is updated weekly and flexible but you must be available to work on weekends. A good environment to work in except you have to be on your feet all day.

Cons: About 90% of the people I worked with here was stressed out at work.  Everyone has a work load that is more than one can handle in a day's work.  It felt like they were setting you up to fail, so that they can terminate your employment
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were good.  Apart from this, the only good thing that I can look back to were the people I worked with there.

Cons: Very Korean - glass-ceiling reached fast if you're not. All decisions are made in HQ. Subsidiaries are primarily sales orgs. Definitely a HW company
Advice: Decentralize decision making. Provide real career opportunities. Promote from within
Pros: Company is sought as a business partner. Generally #1 in all consumer electronics and appliances categories it competes in. Very large organization with many activities and product categories

Cons: - They push you very hard, because they always have to be #1 at everything
- Some people are demanding and not understandable
Advice: Take pride in doing a great job in management compared to other companies in Korea
Pros: - You get to work at one of the most advanced and innovative companies in the world
- If you are a global person, they like you

Cons: I felt seriously undermined as I had previously had very little LAMP experience but quickly overcame these shortcomings.  Focused on areas which were my strong points and guided the team.
Advice: None
Pros: This was my first time as backend Sr. SDE role.  I felt I was able to contribute towards back end improvements and to automation engineering.  Great team and learning experience!

Cons: Poor Communication
Lack of transparency 
No apparent unified vision
Advice: Be up front and honest with employees. When people feel secure and empowered they will be more effective in their roles. Lack of clear communication and transparency leads to poor morale and unmotivated staff.
Pros: Great benefits
Smart & Talented Employees 
Opportunities to work on new & exciting products

Cons: Not a IT company like Google and facebook.
Business requirements given to you can be very vague sometimes so you have to be a project manager at the same time
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to work on many projects from small to large and learning about the business from logistics, planning, etc.

Cons: Not many perks. Employee discounts are far from appealing.
Advice: None
Pros: Most SRIB employees work on Samsung's flagship products and a lot of very important work is done at the Bangalore Office. Great environment to be in your first job. Good learning experience with very efficient management. Appraisal is very fair and uniform throughout the company.

Cons: Stressful environment, lack of work life experience , weekend hours, difficult learning environment no manuals. Hard to get promoted , lack of backup
Advice: Worklife balance
Pros: Vacations days carryover, Great health benefits, end of the year gifts. Team building budget to go on outings to restaurants, team building lunches . Discounts on all products.

Cons: A job is very fast pace with change directions by management from Korea.  It gives you challenges every time involving a new projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity with benefits and salary.  It feels like you work for your own family company.  The management support 100% , if you like challenge and creator.

Cons: Can be difficult to understand how to play the game. Those that don't adapt lose.
Advice: Learn how to give all candidates the chance to excel.
Pros: Aggressive company that does things quickly. Ability to get exposure to many different aspects of business and levels within the company if in the right position

Cons: very complicated systems , typically use 8 systems  to identify & make minor repairs on equipment.  rely heavily on memory rather than documentation
Advice: simplify systems, document procedures more,  get more people to handle alarms every 15 seconds while others work on repairing critical equipment
Pros: pride while working for well known company

Cons: Unrealistic expectations, executive management that doesn't care about employee well-being, tolerant of unethical behavior.
Advice: If you wish to retain top talent, recognize strong performers and good behavior, care about employee morale.  Don't reward performance at any cost - cheating and stealing are tolerated and should not be encouraged.
Pros: Mobile, devices, innovative company that moves fast.  Great opportunity to get into mobile if you can stomach the ridiculous demands and cut-throat culture.

Cons: work and life balance is not guaranteed and you are relocated frequently
Advice: None
Pros: You will get a lot of experience from this company if you are work in the field. There are a lot of problems you need solve and as you solve them you are learning and growing

Cons: Work life balance, limited opportunity in promotion, too many leaders, high goal that can't be reached, unnecessary security standards rule
Advice: No recommendation
Pros: Ownership, good benefits, a lot of internal opportunity and ability to work the asia team,  variety of product groups, top talent

Cons: -Stagnant career growth opportunity
-Siloed department structure  
-Lack of Strategic vision from management
Advice: Upper management should look to better understand. Eliminate administrative overload and redundancies to allow Sales and Marketing to focus on strategic sales analysis and growth opportunities.
Pros: -Innovative, high-quality product
-good financial compensation/benefits

Cons: -Relatively slow moving for a tech company, as the company is so large and leadership is scattered throughout the world
Advice: Adopt a more international mindset, especially in recruiting and talent retention.
Pros: -Able to work on projects that you will soon see in the marketplace
-Level of employees varies, but some extremely intelligent people

Cons: work life balance is missing most of the times.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced. 
You learn a lot. 
Great for work satisfaction as it is easy to see how your work has an immediate and direct impact on millions of consumers.

Cons: Hard to grow due to many coworkers around your age doing similar work as others.
Must put in enough years to grow.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great people, as long as you do your part, there should be room for growth.
Benefits are great, good company name as well.

Cons: You always understand your senior intelligence person.
Advice: Every person is employee in your company then your company do progress. Anybody do some else then you think .
Pros: Engineering is my goal and I want be a successful people. I want  do  some innovation for your company.

Cons: Too much overtime required which mostly unnecessary for your work. Too much approval process which can delay entire process
Advice: None
Pros: Great Health Dental Vision coverage for family plan. 401k support and life insurance covered for your family as well

Cons: Work life balance work life balance long hours work like babalance. Long hours long hours work life balance long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people clean office short drive to steak house and movies contract no pto no benefits. Pay ok if you work hourly.

Cons: Ambiguous, very corporate culture, Sr. level mgmt is not always open to new ideas/ways of thinking or problem solving.
Advice: Set more standards into place, make a point to think outside the box.
Pros: Fast-pace, ever changing, company built from great people.

Cons: The company itself is very Korean oriented, we are in the USA where the main language should be English but it is not.
Advice: None
Pros: The coworkers feel like a family and they're all available to help you as much as possible

Cons: Because headquarters is in Seoul, for those accustomed to working in U.S. companies it is a difficult cultural environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation, great to work on products that are in the homes and hands of millions of people.

Cons: An incredible amount of reporting and expense management on a weekly basis.
Advice: Streamline processes better so employees can focus on their work.
Pros: Work with some of the best and brightest people in the world

Cons: 60%  of stress - Employees get sick very frequently
Advice: Some managers  allow you to take time off if can't handle the stress
Pros: Great Company , good benefits . co- workers, managers, very friendly

Cons: Oversight from Korea, constant leadership changes, dog eat dog culture
Advice: Change the US culture to one of collaboration versus competition for executive praise.
Pros: Innovative, ability to adapt to changing market conditions, broad product portfolio

Cons: They have fixed 45 hours for you to stay inside office. People often do not get the role of their choice.
Advice: None
Pros: The work culture is really nice and people are very helpful

Cons: Nothing to say about company. No complaints while I was there
Advice: None
Pros: As an engineer at Samsung, I would love to recommend to everyone who is looking for a job

Cons: Upper manager tries to hard.
Advice: Integrity is what you do when no one is looking
Pros: Good clients and free to do what you need to do

Cons: long research and design phase in the project
Advice: need to be reviewed as normal employee and follow up with people more closely
Pros: good environment and lot free time

Cons: The contribution that is made is insignificant due to the size of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung made it as a Fortune 500 company. They must be doing something right.

Cons: contractors rarely get brought in as full time

contractors make MUCH less than the regular employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great working team. 

Always willing to lend a hand and assist a coworker

Many holidays

Good location

FREE COFFEE :)

Cons: Challenging culture and moving deadlines
Advice: More open communication on product roadmaps, new product development. More opportunities to move into different parts of the organization
Pros: Fast Pace environment and interesting products

Cons: This company should be more open and introduce less competency inside.
Advice: Let the employees make their own choice and directions.
Pros: There are many great ideas come out from surrounding colleagues.

Cons: Inability of HQ to follow feedback regarding products and programs
Advice: Do the same thing with the same people and you will get the same results.
Pros: Outstanding products to work with

Cons: Non Authority of Work, Top down approach, no scope for creativity, Poor work life balance
Advice: Be more flexible and open to change to grow the organisation
Pros: Good salary, good travel policy

Cons: no work life balance, demanding, no room to grow
Advice: create an avenue for sales leads to move or advance
Pros: fun, cultivative atmosphere, everchanging, learn lots of tech, great for the resume

Cons: Boring work
You can learn nothing from what you are doing
Office politics
Managers push you to stay late and work
Advice: Stop setting traps for freshers in name of intership
Pros: Good stipend
Transportation facility
lunch facility
Quarterly parties
Various events

Cons: Horrible Human Resources
Management Discrminates Based on appearance , or physical limitations like being to fat or to blind
Advice: Live to Samsung Values. Less Hypocresy
Pros: Great Products You can trust

Cons: Tough work and life balance, hard competitive threat from other competitors
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of intellectually challenging engineering problems, company is still growing, a lot of smart people

Cons: Average salary, no stock, no long term goal, Korean HQ controls too much.
Advice: Hire qualified supporting staff.
Pros: Company reputation, new phone every year

Cons: Have not found any Cons yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity with flexible working hour options and a great environment. Also, compensation both salary and bonus way above the normal

Cons: Hierarchy level is no joke. May take some time to move on up and benefits are mediocre.
Advice: None
Pros: Great office environment, lots to learn and great to start career.

Cons: Leadership team does not provide direction
Advice: Really needs leadership team to understand technology and customer
Pros: Good salary, Great products, Career opportunity

Cons: hierarch issues like any other Korean companies, very little flexibility, long long work hours
Advice: None
Pros: high salary, world-known brand name, lots of resource

Cons: None. Would gladly recommend to peers.
Advice: None
Pros: Graceful upon exit and charitable with time. Nothing bad to say about the Company.

Cons: There was no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent technical growth
Got to work on latest technologies
Great work environment

Cons: Its not every-time you might get a project of your interest,
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams and projects to work on, If you get one of your interest.

Cons: I can't think of anything off the top of the head, everyone is open.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast moving place with smart ppl willing to help you

Cons: Long hours and often times slow to get approvals
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks and innovative.  Moreover, met some great people

Cons: Bad management,  unfair career opportunities
Advice: Fair opportunity for the development of employee
Pros: Good benefit,  nice work environment

Cons: Long work hours, however we had breaks.
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Great culture and management, was very pleased with the environment

Cons: long hours, lots of drinking
Advice: Over work is punishing but cash end of year reward is good
Pros: good travel options nice offices

Cons: Korean managed - not collaborative - smart people not being heard
Advice: None
Pros: People are very friendly and smart

Cons: Sometimes long work hours depending on what is going on in the business
Advice: Consistency
Pros: Stellar benefits, awesome flex time, great coworkers

Cons: commercialization is mundane. Work life is bad
Advice: Requires to be clear in communication.
Pros: Good salary. lot of focus on patenting and papers

Cons: Intense workloads, rigid processes driven, virtually no career development
Advice: Spend a little more time recognizing accomplishments
Pros: Highly innovative, great experience in short time, cool products

Cons: Heavy security constraints that limit ability to perform job quickly
Advice: Assist in reducing the security constraints
Pros: The products, the people and the culture.

Cons: High load, stressful, salary is low in some divisions
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, very renowned, highly structured and meals are provided

Cons: Unorganized and don't listen to their front line team.
Advice: Listen to the team that's in the field seeing the action.
Pros: Great Pay with Great Benefits

Cons: - slow processing due to large size of the company
Advice: None
Pros: + Job Security
+ International exposure.
+ Work on latest market trend

Cons: no full time jobs, I was told that I will be hired but never moved forward
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience during my internship at Samsung

Cons: Sometimes work gets a bit too tedious.
Advice: None
Pros: They were very courteous but also diligent in their duties.

Cons: Politics and matrixed reporting structures.
Advice: None
Pros: Great access to tech and marketing partners. Global company with large network of intelligent colleagues.

Cons: No way to convince anyone about what you want to do
Advice: Listen
Pros: Resources to do anything you want to do

Cons: work life balance is a little bad given the Korean timings
Advice: na
Pros: Very good benefits for a non American company

Cons: Parking was a little difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful, busy work environment. Employ from within. Great location with on-site cafeteria, ATM, gym.

Cons: Stressful at times, no such thing as 40 hrs/week
Advice: hire more people
Pros: Get to learn and involve in cutting edge wireless industry

Cons: Working hour is outrageous.
Advice: Let my people go...... Long hours in office doesn't necessarily mean a better productivity.
Pros: Name value of the company

Cons: There was no cons. Great Place to work
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Awesome place to work, Had a lot of fun

Cons: not so good work-life balance
Advice: learn about Korean culture
Pros: development-focused, recognition for hard work, strong teams, job stability

Cons: Not as organized as they should be.
Advice: None
Pros: They truly involved lower level employees in or to train and engage them.

Cons: too much managers and structure change
no transparency, no trust
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, benefits and team

Cons: Feels closed off from the rest of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good knowledgable team and co-workers.

Cons: no work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: you can learn a lot from the leading company

Cons: Bad work life balance, long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks, Good recognition in the industry

Cons: Micro management; Bad work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities and well-rounded system

Cons: Top down management. Most of managers are Korean and they use fear to motivate people.
Advice: None
Pros: They offer you great benefit (Health insurance)

Cons: Terrible management, Politics from the top down affect everyone
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of new products to work on, competitive salaries

Cons: low salary, sometimes fires a lot of people
Advice: None
Pros: very organized company to start career with

Cons: You may not go home today. Have to do overtime work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits (health insurance, free food, etc)

Cons: tough political environment, shifting priorities
Advice: Keep up the positive change
Pros: Dynamic Culture and amazing benefits; work with talented people

Cons: Long hours, political, difficult to communicate to headquarters if you do not speak korean
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting-edge technology, Fast-paced environment, Team-oriented

Cons: No advancement opportunity. Very hard to go up.
Advice: Please respect you employees.
Pros: Very organized management yet very isolated.

Cons: retail hours for the holidays can be long
Advice: None
Pros: Workings with the latest and greatest tech in the business.

Cons: Very fast phased working environment. Stressful...
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung Austin Semiconductor offers pretty good benefits and bonus!

Cons: Not enough hours were available
Advice: Great place to work
Pros: Flexible with scheduling and great pay rate

Cons: Limited influence outside of HQ
Advice: Make it more friendly
Pros: Strict, fast on delivery of products

Cons: Work in long hour, and sometimes on weekend. Korean seniority.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, lots of internal training, career building.

Cons: Bad life-work balance, strong and aggressive working culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Resources, opportunity, development, team working and collaboration.

Cons: Work overload Work overload Work overload
Advice: Keep work-life balance
Pros: Challenging enviroment Challenging enviroment Challenging enviroment

Cons: Sometimes not given opportunity to showcase the talent you have.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and team coordination.

Cons: There are no cons to share!
Advice: None
Pros: Most challenging environment to do something big

Cons: work is overload, high stress with aggressive sales target
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, generous time-off, health benefits

Cons: too much as well as endless work
Advice: to be more open
Pros: nice benefit, smart people, big scale

Cons: Very structured organization, too rigid
Advice: Be more flexible
Pros: Great place to work, good benefits and policies

Cons: hard to make work and life balance
Advice: Focus on the main skill set
Pros: learn a lot and quickly

Cons: driven by fear and demanding.  Not a family friendly atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: creative and large budgets and always evolving

Cons: long work hour, competition within the company
Advice: None
Pros: good experience, high tech, networking for consumer electronics

Cons: vertical management,  not other thing to say
Advice: None
Pros: learning portals, career development are the main pro

Cons: No work life balance. Insane schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus, Good reputation, Smart people.

Cons: Hectic, Too much focus on security
Advice: None
Pros: 25% off on all line of products especially mobile phones

Cons: Low pay, not much career advancement, workload is very seasonal
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, friendly enviornment, caring management team

Cons: promotions, choice of work, approval for work from home
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule and work on innovative projects

Cons: south korean management dynamics, paying attention to US employees
Advice: consistency
Pros: large company, successful, in the news

Cons: Location is not particularly exciting or inspiring
Advice: None
Pros: Leader in the tech industry

Cons: long hours of work, sometimes on weekend as well
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and bonus , gifts

Cons: The work hours can be long.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture.  Americans are valued at Samsung.

Cons: - Rigid hierarchy
- Prevalent bureaucratism
Advice: None
Pros: - Good reputation
- Decent compensation

Cons: rigid culture and it's not a software company
Advice: None
Pros: Best consumer product and semiconductor company

Cons: Not specific cons for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, it is a good company for new grads.

Cons: Less flexibility in work timings
Advice: None
Pros: Multimedia team was very good and cooperative

Cons: wish I could have stayed longer.
Advice: None
Pros: good experience overall, would recommend to a friend.

Cons: none , everything is good for working
Advice: None
Pros: super working culture and its good

Cons: Pulled in a few different direction
Advice: None
Pros: Advancement Quality of life Great people

Cons: The culture of company was not very good.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and benefits were good.

Cons: Work Culture is not good
Work Hours not flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is above market level

Cons: No work-life balance with endless deadlines.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and excellent benefits.

Cons: so strong hierachy culuture in comnapy
Advice: None
Pros: Global operations can give an oppourtunity

Cons: micromanage, long hour, many layoff
Advice: be a nice person
Pros: Good pay, nice people, big boys

Cons: Bad work culture and timing restrictions
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities, people and facilities

Cons: HQ Management leaves something to be desired
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and coworkers are amiable

Cons: too much politics going on
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: demanding, tiring, dull, repetitive, boring
Advice: None
Pros: people, culture, professional, fun, challenging

Cons: Hard working including even many weekends.
Advice: ..
Pros: Excellent working environment and people.

Cons: not that many cons to begin with,.
Advice: hm....
Pros: very good company to work at.

Cons: less visibility being part of a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to grow and learn

Cons: i cannot find any Cons still now
Advice: None
Pros: Global Top Company
Leading IT market

Cons: Leadership and internal innovation could improve,
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, strong portfolio and growing business

Cons: Rigid culture, Bad work & life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit - Insurance, 401K, salary

Cons: Nothing . . . .
Advice: None
Pros: You will not get bored.

Cons: CRM and sales tracking had major issues
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation for products is good

Cons: Projects did not match my work interest.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly work environment, helpful coworkers.

Cons: unreasonable culture and no opprtunities
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, benefis and Big name

Cons: Amount of workload and night shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable salaries and good work environment

Cons: decision made from south korea
Advice: None
Pros: paid vacation time is good

Cons: Don't buy Samsung or work for Samsung.  
Entire company in toilet
Advice: Horrible.  As an employee we were trained by a playbook of NO helping Samsung Consumer.  
Terrible corporate ethics.
Pros: None.   Paid poorly.  Terrible company ethics.

Cons: Nothing was bad for me
Advice: None
Pros: Everything was great for me

Cons: Man made problems, outdated systems
Advice: None
Pros: Fast pace, good coworkers, benefit is good

Cons: No any issues, it is a great company
Advice: None
Pros: Great Team, great compensation package

Cons: Poor job security, tight schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, great work environment

Cons: top down culture, very stiff
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, nice bonus salary

Cons: Corporate culture, Work/Life balance, Commute
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, Good benefits, in California

Cons: The branch I worked in was very unorganized. Work is not well distributed.
Advice: work on leadership and give more employees chances to grow
Pros: You become very resilient. The company offers good benefits as 401k, medical, dental..

Cons: Too much management that prevents innovation.
Advice: Have feedback from employers
Pros: You can learn management skills

Cons: day to day swings in strategy are outrageous. very reactive culture.
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits & the pay is competitive

Cons: Disjointed experience. Managers do not know what they want.
Advice: Give clear instructions and goals on projects
Pros: None. Has been a very poor experience.

Cons: long hour, decision from HQ
Advice: None
Pros: good Salary, people, starting carrer

Cons: Terrible management, no clear direction
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare benefits but thats it

Cons: Initiatives and executives come and go at the blink of an eye. Poorly-defined roles & responsibilities for most employees -- this ambiguity causes a lot of project overlap among groups and you often find 2 groups working on the same project simultaneously, unbeknownst to each other. Excessive politicking. Little collaboration between groups. Still a very strong Korean hierarchy and junior level employees don't take personal initiative or accept accountability. Important meetings are held in Korean language and as a foreigner you get left out -- unless you have somehow mastered the language on your own time as Samsung does not provide Korean classes for its foreign employees (you do receive a budget for education but no clear way to use this effectively while working a full-time job). No flexibility at all to work outside the office, and your hours are tracked; i.e. you must sit at your desk for 9 hours/day even if you have nothing to do!
Advice: Where to start???  Two tips for managing foreign employees at Korea HQ... (1) Clearly define roles for foreign employees before they start work, and clearly define objectives which they will be measured against.  (2) Either establish a policy to communicate in English when foreign employees are present, or provide intensive Korean-language education on campus during work hours so foreign employees can contribute productively and not be left out of important discussions.
Pros: Global reach. Mega brand which can get you a meeting with almost anyone. Chance to see/develop some cutting-edge new technologies if you are so lucky. As a foreigner at Korea HQ, you may be thrust into a role which gives you a chance to see the world through business trips. 3 free meals a day at the cafeteria and free shuttle bus transportation to/from work.

Cons: Extremely poor HR policies. One example is that when college freshers join, their teams are decided by HR as compared to the people working in the teams themselves

There is a retention bonus policy, wherein one has to work for atleast 3 years to get the assured package, otherwise have to return the retention bonus part of the salary, which is almost 30% of the total annual compensation .

Extremely tight security. Cant take laptops out of office. Cant bring anything like usb, ipod, etc inside. Hence, can't work from home.

No wifi in office. Even the ethernet speed is very poor(~10 Mbps)

Lot of disparity in compensation and general behavior between IITians and non-ITians.

Work life balance in most of the teams is poor. 

HQ in Korea makes all the decisions. No ownership of any project, except some really bad projects who don't have any commercial value.

Some teams are called to work in weekends, while other teams hardly work half the time they are in office.

No recreation in office, other than a Foosball table and two tt tables for ~5k employees .
Advice: Please listen to feedback from employees and fix the HR policies. If some things are changed, the company has the potential to rival likes of Google and Microsoft.
Pros: Decent Compensation
Lot of Technologies to work on if given a chance
Free and decent food (have to pay for snacks)
If one performs well in their competency test, he/she is very valued and given a choice to choose any team
Some teams are really good with very competent people who really care about career growth of a fresher(I was fortunate to get into one such team)

Cons: Possibly the worst decision ever in my professional career.  I was an experienced expat hire having previously worked for other top companies (APPLE, MSFT, GOOGLE...take your pick).  Worked for Samsung Mobile marketing...you know the group that puts those dog and pony shows with Korean executives speaking with their poorly spoken English. This place will absolutely rot your soul.  You will wonder every day of your stringent 1.5 or 2 year contract, what you are doing there; why you are there; and how to kill time.  Every minute of your mandatory 10 hour days (yes, they track your hours and you will get an incomplete if you do not put in your full 10 hours).  Yes, you have to go through an airport security system and put your bags through an X-ray machine.  i could go on and on.  But the most important point is that as a professional hire, you will regress.  While you are rotting away in Suwon with absolutely nothing to do, your colleagues back home will be moving up progressively or have worked on something amazing. For more details please check out a book called Noonchi:  The Appearance of Working in a South Korean Chaebol for the painful details.  Yes, a former employee wrote a tell-all expose because it was the only way to keep sane.
Advice: learn english
Pros: -Salary only if you can negotiate the moon and stand firm on your numbers
-The gym in Suwon R5 is amazing
-Cafeteria food (while it can get sorta boring) is actually quite good.  well for free food.
