Cons: The opportunities for growth as far as promotion and actual recognition of increased duties has been next to nil. I have increased my duties ten fold since I started, yet make the same pay and have the same title when I started. Every time I add a new skill or service, it becomes part of my job requirements. Three years have passed and I am still considered 'contract', lacking any benefits. The frustration mounts when new hires are brought on as 'full time' from the start. Being expected to help them with deliverables to fulfill their annual bonus only adds to the sense of unfairness. Although I am appreciative for working here, too many things make me wonder if there are better opportunities.
Advice: Try to recognize that we can't run as a skeleton crew. Having more than one person with similar skills helps spread the work load and adds to creative collaboration. As it is, we tend to work in a creative vacuum, leading to inefficiency.
Pros: This is a great place to grow experience with plenty of duties to fill. Everyone needs to be well-rounded, filling multiple roles, which tend to multiply over time. My job today is nothing like the job description when I was hired, which has led to an expanding portfolio to showcase of my design, video and multimedia works. My role keeps growing which is nice, since it tends to give better job security. 
Working in marketing is also nice with the many interesting and fun programs and sponsorships we do. It's definitely something good to put on the resume having worked for Samsung.

Cons: Probably 85% of employees are outsourced - only upper management are permanent employees.  Samsung also has VERY high turnover - people drop like flies there.  Samsung is a Korean company - but the Koreans micromanage EVERY aspect of business-to the point it's counter-productive.  Everything has to have approval from Koreans prior to coming to fruition - and Koreans will ask a million questions about why you are requesting whatever it is you want.   Way too many hands in the pot.  Also-Koreans don't like anyone who is not Korean or at the very least Asian.  All upper-management is Korean.
Advice: See above.  Stop being so racist towards non-Koreans and pretending like you don't understand English when someone pushes back on you for questioning them.  It's very frustrating.
Pros: The people are the best reason by Far to work for Samsung.

Cons: American workers are merely puppets.  The Koreans run the whole show and the dual management structure (One Korean and one American manager) is enough to drive one crazy.  The direction is mainly from the immediate American manager but if a Korean manager says something you are expected to say "how high" when they say "jump."  There is no communication between groups and no accountability.  Promotions are for the most part given to "corp" engineers who are trained straight out of college in the "Samsung Way."  One group now managed by a "corp" engineer has an incredibly high turnover rate and yet he is still manager.  Diversity is getting better but promotions, hiring, etc. are still dominated by those of Korean origin.
Advice: As one of the previous reviews said: get rid of the Americans and fill in with Koreans
Pros: pay is the only reason - I will leave as soon as I'm able

Cons: Leadership is conflicted between the North American and Korean executives and the political battles between different divisions in Korea and in North America often make it difficult to get anything done in a timely fashion.
Advice: They need to settle their differences and concentrate on the task at hand rather than fight petty territorial battles to insure their own position within the company.
Pros: It is always a challenge, the people you work with are all good, competitent people who will work with you to get your day to day work done.

Cons: Samsung is lacking; in professional courtesy, work to life balance, Management competence and overall employee morale.  Postivie reinforcement on a job well done is never given.  This is a company that believes it's a waste of time to celebrate the milestones achieved.
Advice: Stand up to Korea, press for more local control of business, end the micro-management from across the ocean.
Pros: The only reason I can think of is the security in a steady (and somewhat decent...) paycheck in tough times.  Base salary is the only compensation you can be confident in.  Shady accounting and a constantly moving target make any incentives based on Management Objective basically unatainable.

Cons: Little upward mobility and opportunities to grow into and/or learn about other facets/departments of the company. Senior leadership could do a better job of recognizing good work, especially concerning lauding newer, younger, but exceptional, talent over tenured employees who have performed at meets expectations over time.
Advice: Address the above issue - this would also improve employee moral and engagement.
Pros: Prestige of working for a well-respected company and the opportunity to gain professional business contacts and industry knowledge.

Cons: To work in Samsung, you'll have to bare with long working hours, and suffers indecisive manangements.
All the decisions are made by the Top management. Local managements do not have the power to make even simple decisions. They expect all staffs to work long hours, without overtime compensation and deems it as standard in office not to leave on the dot. They do not praise staffs for work well done, but instead, will be asking for more to be done. This is not good for Employee's morale as they were not praised for the work they've done. They require you to sacrifice family time for company activities.
Advice: The top management to give full authorities to local managements. They are paid to make decisions and plans, not to just follow what the managements says.
Pros: They are willing to train you for the job, even if you don't have the experience. It's a good work environment as all the colleagues are very helpful and friendly. They provided alot alot of chance for regional travels. There is opportunities to meet with all customers and suppliers. They provide good exposures as meeting face to face with suppliers and customers provide you with more knowledge and better understanding of the business. They also have rewards those staffs that they feel has performed well, by providing them with cash rewards but that is only decided by the Top management and only if they like you.
