Cons: Money/Profit obsessed company (but that makes them successful) Lots of politics, meetings, and endless reports & reports of reports. Korean business culture and hierarchy, even in the USA. After hours drinking expected. Demands of managers or their bosses trump any customer request. Expect to drop everything when upper management from Korea visits. If you are not Korean, you will not make much progress. Use this company as a stepping stone.
Management changes every year in December, so there is yearly turmoil and disorganization until the new boss settles in.
Advice: Need more humility.
Pros: Budgets are available if you have an appropriate cause. Excellent benefits, especially health coverage. Good support for travel.

Cons: The office is extremely quiet like a library
People are generally not friendly 
Long hours- leaving at 7 is normal
Meetings can be all in Korean, and you are expected to sit there
hard to transition to higher positions, no internal job board
Advice: TRAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES, expecting them to be experts right away is extremely frustrating. 
Give them realistic targets so they don't burn out.
There needs to be more team synergy, having one person hide all the information is extremely frustrating. One person can not manage all the accounts. 
Be honest about career management, there is no marketing department
Pros: Great HR department
Great benefits
Ability to source new products at your own discression

Cons: Expect to be thrown a million things all at once on a salary job and you will have 80 hour weeks sometimes. Basically a south korean company whom disregards labor laws. So your 45k-55k a year job really is half that because you work twice the hours for that pay.  The work life balance despite all the time off doesn't work because then when your back from vacation you have 3x more work to catchup with time lost. Your doing work reports all night and manager calls you after normal business hours asking for information. They entrap their employees as well and i will be seeking legal action for the overtime not paid and abuse of labor laws in Florida.
Advice: Don't micromanage. It never helps the company and helps to get good people fired. Experience is valuable and in this economy quality employees are hard to come by. Focus on helping your team not making them feel spied on, or constantly in fear.
Pros: No doubt they are a huge company with money to throw around. The benefits are great.

Cons: - Work/life balance is virtually non-existent
- Sales goals are extremely high and out of touch with reality which is demoralizing
- Upper management has poor communication with field management 
- Job focus and objectives are constantly changing with little or no reason given which leads to confusion and poor execution 
- Field team is managed from afar with often unclear direction, but still held accountable for things out if their span of control
- Upper management focuses on negative performance management with little recognition given for contributions to the program 
- Limited career development and promotional opportunities
Advice: The turnover rate for the Samsung store in store program is very high and will only increase unless upper management takes a more positive approach, becomes more supportive and begins addressing pain points in the field.
Pros: - Great benefits 
- Schedule flexibility (work from home office) - Get to demo the latest mobile technology

Cons: Management consistently will threaten your job to "motivate" you. Even though you are a hourly employee they will continue to give you work to do at home. Higher management is direct samsung employees all they focus is on sales and numbers when our actual job tittle doesn't say anything about it. Don't trust Mosaic HR they tell samsung everything, they much rather keep their contract with samsung then protect employees; so you are eventually targeted and just end up getting fired. They will make it impossible for you to request time off and will not pay your for sick days or personal days if you do not tell them every detail as to why you are sick. They pay is good but not worth the headache and stress. My warning to you don't do it.
Advice: Just close it down, samsung is a great company but the employees (Area / district / market managers) from Samsung end is a disaster . Mosaic hired some great people but they won't stand up for their employees so what's the point.
Pros: Good pay, Co workers will feel like a family. But ofcourse that can be due to the same stress and abuse we are all receiving.

Cons: Seems that special shopping discounts on company's website was kept secret between upper management. Lower end personnel seem to have no access. Seems like lots of politics at the top.

Upper management has access to information regarding equipment and always attend training class, but the field personnel doing the actual work doesn't get trained and has to figure out how to troubleshoot issues, until someone decides to do their job and walk us through.
Advice: Training courses offer should be sent to all staff, since the politics with some managers who seem to think of themselves only and neglects to inform their team of upcoming training, even though they themselves attend. It seems that it was done to eliminate downtime and that they would pass down the training to their team. It's difficult to get hold of managers, but easier to get   contact with another team mate.
Pros: Promptly reimbursed expenses without having to wait on client's to pay.
Well Organized company, and all goes well if done within the correct time frame such as travel etc.

Cons: Way too bureaucratic. I spent two days of every week putting together a 30 page report and presentation of what I worked on for the other 3 days. Everyone's time is pretty much spent answering to higher ups. Typical corporate culture. There is no such thing as work life balance. If you don't stay there until 11 pm overnight, you are considered lazy. Oh, and don't even think about leaving before your boss. God forbid he'll notice and immediately scold you for being lazy.
Advice: Your employees will work normal hours, 9-5, then the rest of the time, they aren't working. Trust me. They are just sitting in their seats on Facebook, waiting for you guys to leave because of your incredibly dumb corporate culture. This is what happens if you force people to stay 14 hour days. A human can only do so much work in one day.
Pros: People there are very nice up front. There are a lot of coffee breaks.

Cons: Expats are often promised the ability to work for a global company but the environment in Korea is, well, Korean. It requires that the expat adapt a lot to the local culture and environment and though during interviews and sell dinners you are promised faster advancement or the ability to shake things up b/c they need your diverse thought and opinion, the reality is, it's much easier for everyone if people adapt to the status quo, which is what happens.
Advice: Stop selling expat programs as something that really adds value and just be honest that it's to meet internal HR KPIs.
Pros: They offer good pay and cover housing so you can save a lot. Plus, if you are an expat you pay lower taxes. You get privileges that other expats may not - access to certain leaders, events, passes on certain silly things required of locals.

Cons: Everything! Especially the management and work environment. If your not Korean management your nothing. Employees are subjected to discrimination on a regular basis and the favoritism shown to Korean employees is obvious. No knowledge of how to solve problems in an appropriate manner just pass the buck along. Management never takes responsibility for anything and when problems arise the lower level employees get blamed.
Advice: None
Pros: None!!!!!! Horrible place to work. Depressing and frustrating. Feel bad for some of the decent people who are still stuck there. Completely disassociated with how a business should be run. Management is so out of touch with how to do things and they're lack of knowledge for the departments they run is mind boggling! Like said no pros what so ever!

Cons: Samsung's culture is forced upon American workers through South Korean dispatchers (closed fraternity, with a military management style feel). Samsung always works hard, however, Samsung often doesn't work smart.
Advice: Continue to hire very experienced American workers, but allow them to tell you what you need to know (without retaliation) vs. what you (Korea HQ) wants to hear.
Pros: Once Samsung overtook Nokia for #1 Globally and fully developed their line of Galaxy smart products (Galaxy S; Tab; Note) the new American CMO was allowed to spend serious marketing dollars on multiple media campaigns, in order to compete w/ Apple.

Cons: HQ is full of elitists and will resort to sabotage in order to pad their egos.  Some of the worst communication I've ever seen, to the point of hostility on both sides.  You have to take a step back and look at the absolute absurdity... I'm surprised this company isn't somehow bankrupt.
Advice: Morale was highest when HQ was doing their own project.  When their project failed, they "accumulated" ours and everything went downhill from there.  Communication would be a start.
Pros: Good pay, decent social life (if not in Korea) and I suppose a decent career for someone with no aspirations.

Cons: 1. You will not get much work until unless you are in a very good team of your choice. 2.  Switching team is very difficult.
Advice: Company Values are good but if they are followed very well. Always Put people first instead of the rules. Getting work done related to issues of It and all stuff need to be online and should keep minimum person in loop.
Pros: 1. Last resort to work, 2. Job security is good until something blunder happens. 3. Compensation is good. 4. Average Rating Appraisal is good.

Cons: Manager is horrible. very strict and crazy. Always drunk and has no idea what he does. I would like a different manager and I have complained but people have said  no
Advice: Stop getting drunk. Be a man. Stop crying. get a better car etc etc etc etc0 etc etc etc etc
Pros: We get expirience first han on the newest samsung devices which is pretty fun and samsung gives us free things

Cons: The company while strives for globalization of workforce, it tends to heavily rely on Korean Americans in the office. The works tends to be put a lot more on Korean speaking workforce than others by far. 
The company has recently gone through so much changes including budget cut and workforce downsizing and it has started to strain those remaining and cause stress and exhaustion of working lots of overtime.
Advice: If you want to do something then please follow up to it.
Pros: The company offers pretty nice benefits. Growth is very slow and hard to advance unless you excel above and beyond.

Cons: Some managers are really pain in the... Some managers goes that far that they want micromanagement on daily report. It takes sometimes over 1 hour to write the report to the manager... silly
Advice: Change the company culture and let the people idea to flow! Don't be on every employee neck and once you start with an idea, just go with it, make the path as straigh as possible not with back and forth left and right move...
Pros: Team meetings are short and very productive, (no boring endless meetings)
People are friendly, no matter what nationality are they

Cons: As a return you are asked to work many many hours along with dedication. Sometimes the dedication can go too far.
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers full of new opportunities to meet new people and work on new projects. Also it has good insurance and benefits along with extra bonus time to time. You will never get bored.

Cons: Only Koreans are given authority for decisions. Korean run companies are selected for external support operations whenever possible. Racist!...Corporate culture is to serving management rather than customersBut only Koreans are given authority for decisions. Racist...Culture is focussed on serve management  rather than customers
Advice: I would ask that they open up to people, ideas and systems that are in sync with the country (US) in which they operate.
Pros: Solid products, no question. .

Cons: Limited your development on the career.  No exciting challenges.  You don't have to take so much pressure so that you will be sluggish.
Advice: Very good!  They try to build a good environment to employees.  And they make sure everyone know the importance of sharing.
Pros: The culture of this company is very good.  People are very nice to each other.  And the workload is fine.  Co-operation with other people.

Cons: Koreans are very distant to non-Koreans. Korean management while being very capable in Korean style business  practices are out of their element internationally. 

2 tiers of employees, Korean and everyone else. No room for advancement. Koreans see non- Koreans as lazy, Non-Koreans see Koreans as needing to re-event the wheel everyday (Ground Hogs Day, everyday)

Life gives you lessons and opportunities, Samsung was a definite lesson.

New CEO bragged he worked for Jack Welch was going to make things happened. For that to happen he would have had to change the whole company culture….Never going to happen.
Advice: To late, Office closed down
Pros: Great benefits, worked wGreat benefits, worked with some really good people a lot of potentialith some really good people a lot of potential

Cons: not too much to say at this moment. VPs from Korea are very competitive but Samsung does not seem to keep all the VPs each year (very tough review process on VP level).
Advice: no feedback at this time. overall a well managed company with strong leadership who cares about employees.
Pros: well managed foreign company with strong leaders, beautiful 10-floor new building in San Jose, free lunch for all employees with multiple choices of food every day. onsite fitting room with great window view. good teams with many capable engineers.

Cons: We were promised new devices every 6 months, that was never delivered. We were promised promotional opportunities but there was no real way to track progress in store due to no supervisors being in store at all times. We were left unable to answer questions about new products due to them not releasing them to us until they were released to the public.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to be trained with some of the best devices and see them first hand. Interact with all types of customers.

Cons: Horrible upper management, always mirco managing, your working although your off the clock or home: meaning if your coworker sends you a email you must confirm it right away. You'll end up doing more than your job title.As a samsung rep you cant sell the actual product but only bug a best buy team member to sell it to the customer. Job actually deserves 1star im being generous with 2 becuase of the coworkers.
Advice: Just shut the store down.
Pros: Great people to work with, good pay.

Cons: All men's club. Very sexist environment where women don't have much say. Everyone is fearing the hierarchy and don't dare speaking.
Advice: Diversify your teams and bring more international management than Korean management, very traditional in how they handle the job.
Pros: Great environment, corporate responsibilities and very committed people. The building and canteen are awesome. We have a lot of resources to work with, from the team access to beautiful facility.

Cons: People were great but WAY overworked. Long hours. Hard to get a raise or recognition for all your hard work.
Advice: Learn to appreciate your workers. Do nice things for them. You get more with sugar...
Pros: Benefits were ok. Certain office perks, bday gift cards, thanksgiving day gift cards, catered lunch- they paid 75% of the bill. Most People were great, learn a lot.

Cons: Really tough place as a seasoned executive. The most important decisions are debated and decided in Korean -- you are informed of your actions in English and frequently without rationale. This makes it really hard to calibrate your decisions/recommendations to fit the shifting company priorities.
Advice: The key for Samsung to become a global organization is to truly embrace global talent and an understanding of global cultures.
Pros: Amazing technology and passion throughout the organization. In early career, you will gain great experience and understand the drive needed for long term success.

Cons: Pay is good, but very tight on expenses and other items.  Pretty rigid in methodology.  Not big on caring about you as an individual.
Advice: Get a little less rigid with the work rules and give people more freedom to perform.
Pros: Good pay, but hard work.  Exceptional performance is expected in all aspects.  If you perform well, then you will be rewarded.

Cons: Compensation was subpar and the company lacked defined leadership roles. Managers were very unorganized and there was a lot of room for improvement.
Advice: None
Pros: The atmosphere is very nice and clean, the people are definitely fun and energetic. The products are pretty nice too.

Cons: organizational fragmentation, no challenges from executives, not much long term goal.
Advice: need long term goal, and rely on real working people rather than sweet words from executives
Pros: Compansation is good actually and get some experience of growing company. Samsung is global brand, and seeking high-trendy culture. and good opportunity to fight with world-best competitors.

Cons: Sometime it is really hard to balance with my life. As most of other companies, this company is also located outside of its origin so it seems to put more efforts to make achievements.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is very well organized system so it runs quite efficiently. Co workers are mostly smart and work in a reasonable manner.

Cons: Management not transparent, doesnt give message on the future of the centre. Lot of cross functioning team issues. Few managers dominates the entire centre and u will be lucky if you work for him
Advice: Be transparent to employees.
Pros: Challenging and Interesting work in the area of cpu design.

Cons: Things are very disorganized. Benefits for contract employees are horrible. They write contracts with large contracting companies and individuals have no negotiation rights. They made contract workers go from 2 weeks of vacation to 1 week of PTO.
Advice: Allow contact workers some of the benefits that full-time employees enjoy.
Pros: Not a lot to say.

Cons: Below industry pay, below industry quality of life and middling management compared to other companies in the industry.
Advice: reward loyal hard working employees or see them walk out the door and help your direct competitors.
Pros: Great benefits, and with 400,000 Jobs in the company so plenty of room for growth depending on the field you are in.

Cons: Very small starting company low on funds not much clients to work with not many machines to work effectively unorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay ,great team to work with great admin staff friendly environment clean room great location for driving and lunch locations

Cons: Engineering is strongly driven by market and product requirement. Research is sometimes sometimes hampered due to lack of time.
Advice: None
Pros: The technology that I work on directly impacts millions of people. Good exposure in related technologies. Start-up like work environment, fast and agile.

Cons: This company tends to give you more work as you stay on board, but no compensation for moving up the corporate ladder.
Advice: The mentality of "you're just lucky to have a job", really needs to change.
Pros: Very professional environment. Employees become life long associates, business partners and friends.

Cons: Sometimes during non-peak seasons, as an intern you may not be given the most responsible tasks, however with a positive attitude and the desire to learn more, you will be given plenty of jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best intern experiences.
Great teams and great attitudes.

Cons: Inconsistent processes, none this is stupid that I have to write 20 words like for real this is dumb
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, flexible schedule, changing environment, it is varied depending on time spent,  why do I have to write twenty words

Cons: 1. Need to communicate with HQ.
2. Pace is not that fast.
3. Some politic issues which need to be handled carefully.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Good chance to learn Android.
2. People are nice
3. Work-life balance is good.
4. Passionate workmates.

Cons: Promotion depended on mix of necessity and performance, and your boss should be powerful and supportive. Working long hour and on weekends were encouraged.
Advice: None
Pros: You can take your own resposiblity and have authorization over suppliers and outsouring companies. You are also enouraged to offer creatie ideas. Training opportunities were provided

Cons: Unique culture, too many processes, strict korean culture, requiring hard work and poor work and life balance, there are too many hard worker
Advice: None
Pros: Many things to learn, one of the world leading company, excellent tech leadership, very systematic, good salary

Cons: Pressure very strong and must be self motivated
Advice: All get on the same page with organizational vision. Define roles and responsibilities. Stop catering to eveything Korea says...we know our market.
Utile (1)
Pros: Good salary and nice place to work

Cons: See to be growing quicker that they can manage.  They oftentimes fail to look at the needs of their dealers.
Advice: Listen to your employers
Pros: Very progressive company. they have great vision on the future of the music industry and on the CE industry.

Cons: Culture is trend following, not great leaders in innovation
Advice: Stand up a bit ore to Korea and help them to understand the US market
Pros: Excellent benefits, great people. upward mobility

Cons: Hard to work and research one direction you belong to. hard to deepen your knowledge. sometimes inconsistent orders. so many changes of your goal
Advice: None
Pros: There are excellent coworkers and boss. They support and teach new employees a lot.

Cons: Very fast paced company, demanding job, long hours, little work life balance
Advice: More work life balance is crucial, especially for millennials. We work to live, not live to work
Pros: Great benefits, competitive pay, excellent paid time off

Cons: Very different business culture. Too many routine managers from Korea.
Advice: Have fun, listen to co worker, calm down, work smart, plan
Pros: Great people to work with, very supportive, and great benefits.

Cons: No Shuttles. Meals variety should be more. Too many holidays.  Not so big campus. Too many pets allowed
Advice: Improve on Food quality, Gym,
Pros: Amazing place to work. Good working culture.Nice lunch.Layback environment. Supportive staff

Cons: Not much, not many opportunities to advance unless you relocate.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, most management is understanding and easy to get along with. Make my own schedule. Always have the latest and greatest devices.

Cons: not too many cons to list at all.
Advice: Come work here asap!!
Pros: awesome place to work for anyone looking for a career working with mobile and other electronic devices

Cons: Illusion of freedom to pursue the best course of action
Advice: Do not let politics guide the direction of the business.
Pros: Freedom to pursue the best course of action.

Cons: salary and pay as well as management of creative folks that are innovative
Advice: bring in people with diverse backgrounds and experiences to make the company thrive
Pros: Great company to work with- smart colleagues

Cons: - very hard to move to different teams or positions
 - a little bit strict organization culture
Advice: N/A
Pros: - great supports from the management / cares a lot for employess

Cons: Poor management, no raises, difficult location to commute, need to speak Korean, If you are not Korean, you will never go anywhere in this company. Highly nationalistic.
Advice: None
Pros: Company paid benefits, nice office

Cons: Low salary. Bad work and life balance. To long commute time from Seoul to the campus.
Advice: None
Pros: Good evironment to work. All meals are offered by company. Good shuttle buses hang around the campus.

Cons: too many work hours. No work-life balance.
Advice: management is korean minded. need to grow up.
Pros: rewarded, the number one company in Korea

Cons: These guys wouldn't know a good idea if it punched them in the face. Awful workplace culture and layers of bureaucracy make for a poor work environment. Preferential treatment of Koreans and Indians, good luck.
Advice: Get a clue.
Pros: Pay and benefits can be great. Cafeteria has good food, for a cafeteria.

Cons: Always pushed by HQ to release something, so always had to work till late, including weekends.  It seemed that people were always tense, not much team work.
Advice: Not much to say - the company is too big, my organization is too small.
Pros: Compensation was good. It is certainly good to have in resume as big name, branding.

Cons: Let go of contractors very frequently because of budget cuts or due to work slowing down.
Advice: Hire full time employees instead of contractors.
Pros: Great working with new technology

Cons: No work/life balance. It is beneficial to speak Korean or to be bilingual.
Advice: None
Pros: Alot of new cutting edge technology to see and learn.

Cons: Samsung sold the business to Seagate
Advice: You need to treat people a little better...
Pros: Challenging job that I loved

Cons: They do not hire Koreans or look-like Koreans.
Advice: You have to be globalized to survive here
Pros: Health insurance is good. It maybe only one good thing.

Cons: very competitive, requires lots of working hour; no balance between work and life
Advice: None
Pros: lots of hardworking/smart people, support for educational opportunities

Cons: The cafeteria food was not very good
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: Phenomenal company with a lot of leaders eager to help you learn

Cons: Not vertically integrated like Apple.  Not yet selling chips out of Samsung
Advice: None
Pros: Decisive, open to change, manageable stress

Cons: Not great work/life balance
Culture
Parking
Internal systems
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging, Culture, discounted lunch, holiday party, free tv/phone etc. around holiday time

Cons: Important decisions made in Korea
top down structure
horrible IT!
Advice: Dump SDS and adopt real cloud solutions
Pros: Easy to work at
senior exposure

Cons: Long hours work without appreciation for the work accomplished.  Treats employees like worker bees.  Treats executives like they are gods.
Advice: Make your employees feel appreciated for the work that they do.
Pros: Nothing about working here is positive.  There is no work life balance.

Cons: Lack of leadership, false promises communication and no human resources presence to discipline or conduct reviews.
Advice: Fix internal problems instead of playing a blind eye.  Adapt regional process and procedures instead of making up as you go.
Pros: Yearly education allowance , monthly phone reimbursement, frequent dining

Cons: work environment seems to be somewhat divided
Advice: None
Pros: Met some great people, learned a lot

Cons: Work-life balance is ok but its still manageble
Advice: very good management
Pros: Great working envirornment one should work in Samsung

Cons: Korean culture,  too rigid in org structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit good people free lunch

Cons: very very very hard work
Advice: good starting point
Pros: nice env and salary and system

Cons: Work load is pathetic and dont wanna work
Advice: None
Pros: Nice pay at work and insurance is good

Cons: Best Medical, Work environment to improve high tech
Advice: Need to adapt trends
Pros: Tough Culture and Challenging environment

Cons: somewhat rigid and may seem inflexible
Advice: None
Pros: very structured and well organized

Cons: Korean culture background might be hard to adjust, work-life balance is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, good place to learn

Cons: the benefits come along in the long-run
Advice: None
Pros: it's a great company that's constantly growing and expanding

Cons: Company culture. Strict and conservative
Advice: Open culture to foreign employees is crucial
Pros: Good profit sharing. Good pay.

Cons: High stress, low efficiency work style.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to learn a lot of different functions within the company.

Cons: Long retail and holiday hours
Advice: Set better expectations for employees.
Pros: Fun atmosphere and lots of cool gadgets.

Cons: not many. overall good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work alla round good job

Cons: Difficult to have work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot and fast

Cons: salary did not rise for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is very good

Cons: work/life balance can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, Challenging, global level, culture, benefits, career

Cons: great benefits, review, too much work
Advice: None
Pros: too much work, good benefits

Cons: weak in support side
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung will improve your career path to the next level

Cons: Micromanagement culture and frequent reporting to leadership group
Advice: None
Pros: Learn global management skills and system

Cons: Poor management, communication is difficult,
Advice: Better product management
Pros: High salary, Perks are decent,

Cons: work life balance
lack of promotion opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit and good work environment

Cons: Little room for advancement...none actually.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company...great co-worker. Nice vibe & energy.

Cons: Career growth oppertunities are moderate.
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture and work life balance

Cons: you will not like workload
Advice: None
Pros: you will like good environment for work

Cons: Unclear directions in terms of tasks and deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing intern class and colleagues

Cons: Not any Cons for this Company
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Company, and great benefits

Cons: work hrs and language barrier
Advice: none
Pros: benefits and people are very good

Cons: Work stress,limited salary increase, hard promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good coworkers, good wor enviroment

Cons: working hard and harding working
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work . happy

Cons: Nothing bad about the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, highly recommend

Cons: Work life balance, new assignment
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, good growth potential

Cons: work/life balance, strong Korean culture
Advice: None
Pros: challenge works, nice employees, career opportunities

Cons: Heavy Bureaucratic, top-down directive culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good heath insurance benefit and job stability

Cons: none that i think of
Advice: none
Pros: good compensation by the compay

Cons: Benefits are better than most
Advice: None
Pros: Communication between management not good

Cons: will aquire talent then they will let them go
Advice: NA
Pros: Great salary good benefits overall

Cons: Strict korean style management
supervisors always wanted to do things in their way
Korean employees are two faced
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and good place to live

Cons: Frequent change in technologies
No management
No work life balance
No respect of existing technical knowledge
Advice: None
Pros: They are good pay master

Cons: I found many and few are as below - 
1. No work Culture.

2. Now a days new trend is "Test". They have many level of test and if you are not able to clear those test you might loss your job and test is not relevant to your work at all.Test is the level of like you are working for "NASA".

3.Origin of politics is rating - They have annual rating to employees from 1 to 5.(1 is best 5 is worst).For that they need to maintain Bell curve.Which results around 25% employee will fall in to rating 4 & 5. End result is No hike for those employee and they have maximum 2~4 months to get a new job as HR will start asking to them to search a new Job they will thrown out of projects.Though if you get 1 or 2 rating no issue at all.
If you are a new joiner then you have fair enough chances to get 4 & 5 rating.

4. No work life balance you have to complete 8.30 hours in side office barrier not doing this will effect your salary.So if you have work or not you have to be there in office.

5. Management is not so effective(Both Indian and Korean).

6.  No new technologies to work on.

7. Current environment of company is - Most of trying to get new job outside or preparing for Test.No one is interested in work.

8. Engineers have least values.

9. Most of employees are working here due to NCR as they have home near by apart from that no reasons. Including mine also.
Advice: Introduce some better policies.
No to try how to irritate individuals.
Pros: 1. Free Food.
2. Free AC Transport.
3. Money if you are getting good ratings.
