Cons: this place is driven by politics, data doesn't drive decisions... it's flat, they outsource everything and don't promote from within. if you're female good lucking moving up here. this company will use you, so if you want to come here it's good to have samsung on your resume, that's about all you will get from here. overall this is the worst company i've ever worked for hands down.
Advice: get with 2009, offer flex hours, opp for advancement... you don't have to be chained to your desk to get work done. allow employees to do their job and make an impact. the politics are absurd and you will attract people because of the company name, but as of now, you'll never retain really good employees for more than a few years... this is springboard employer....
Pros: good benefits, decent cafeteria food

Cons: tyrannical management, very long hours, disdain towards non-Koreans, high pressure environment, constantly on call, thinking out of the box is frowned upon, pretending to love everything about the company is strongly encouraged
Advice: Just leave the U.S.  

Americans would be better off working for and buying from American-owned companies that value their workers and encourage cooperation within the work environment, as well as a life outside of work.
Pros: pay and benefits are the only good items, but given that the required hours are 55+, the pay doesn't really pan out as a benefit

Cons: very hierarchical, no going up if you're not korean. i found the top level jobs stacked with nationals, and got the feeling i didn't speak their language and never could.
Advice: respect europeans and americans. especially their ability to innovate process as well as product!
Pros: travel and korean girls :)
i really feel the opportunities to see the world as a samsung sales exec are exceptional.

Cons: Long working hours and fundamental lack of appreciation for a job well done.
Advice: Listen to your employees and actually do something about all the poor morale.
Pros: Knowledge accrual speed is at the maximum.

Cons: little communication between employees besides the work,
Advice: provide flexible work schedule, opportunity to work from home
Pros: being on the edge of new technologies, develop emerging trends and products
