Cons: I don't know who is dictating the schedule of the field team, but it's gone from bad to worse. Used to be a Mon-Fri job. It was awesome. Now, who the eff knows. We get sent out a schedule a week before it starts for the month. Working company holidays, 8 DAYS IN A ROW over Thanksgiving...for no other reason than this greedy company trying to push a few more boxes. The team is miserable, doesn't have 2 days off in a row...I could go on. This has gone from a territory management role to a retail micromanaged position. Don't you dare have more than 3 pieces of swag on your table during table days, or try to spend time with your family on weekends. I'm sure after S10 launches, they will see a TON of turnover. All the good ones are leaving and upper management doesn't give a damn. Oh, and you will only be promoted if you came from the best buy side....a failing program.
Advice: Open your eyes & ears, you're destroying what was a great team. Lift the blackouts ( 7 months out of the year) and kill the weekend work... it's NOT working. Have a flex schedule. ASK for REAL feedback from the team. We are NOT retail employees.
Pros: Used to be a great job with a lot flexibility. Those days are toast.

Cons: Abusive atmosphere
No autonomy
Red tape everywhere 
Now matter what level you are, you are just executing
You won’t get far here unless you are Korean
Also they tend to prefer to hire Koreans 
HR does not care if management abuses you and turns the other cheek 
Everyone is stressed and miserable

Benefits
Subpar medical benefits
2 weeks of maternity leave
Medical leave is shady parameters 
Politically- right leaning 
Perks are terrible - it takes months to get the friends and family discounts for the devices and when you do- you get better deals on amazon. 
If you are lucky to get vacation approval from management
Advice: Stop abusing your employees 
For a Tech company you are terribly behind the benefits and perks of your competitors.
Your reputation in the industry is terrible for a reason
Pros: 1. Big name company 
2. Big name company
3. Big name company 
No more  pros that I can think of...

Cons: All the strategic direction and decisions come from the Korean headquarters; and unless you are Korean, you are treated like a second-class citizen and your ideas and contributions are not be valued. There is very little transparency and sharing of information within the company. They have no idea how to “collaborate” or “innovate”. Majority of senior executives are from Korea and they are quite rude, disrespectful and raise their voices. HR is unable to shift the culture of the company so that a company that has offices and presence in the US adheres to US values and professionalism in the workplace. Women especially are treated badly as Koreans are quite chauvinistic and expect everyone to bow to them - literally. Despite its new building in San Jose, Samsung is a rotten company!
Advice: You can't run the company as though you are still in Korea. Need to learn and understand the US corporate culture and adapt.
Pros: The gym is fantastic and they have great trainers. They also provide free lunch at the cafeteria and the food is not bad!

Cons: Newberry is like little Korea.  Probably 100 Korean team members running around everywhere making important decisions based on each of their own measurements.
Drastic changes to process almost daily.  Most with little or no notice.
Work hours are as bad as I have ever seen. Expect at least 6 working days a week if not 7.  14 to 16 hour days on top of that.
American team not allowed to make any important calls.   Your role is only to take the blame.
Everyone there is looking to leave.  Honestly the worst environment I have ever been a part of.
Advice: The Korean work ethic in Newberry will never work.  Let the Koreans run the place or the American team.  Its not working with two drivers of one car.  Honestly, I am not even sure who runs this place.  Even the Koreans seem to have teams work against each other.  Crazy...
Pros: Health insurance is good and cheap
Product discounts are nice (not great but nice)

Cons: Hierarchical, which would be fine if leadership were stronger.  Nepotism is rampant with a healthy dose of extremely, unethical and unprofessional behavior from Sr. Leadership on down.   There is a sickness within Samsung, that has been compounded,  from previous Sr. Directors to the newest leadership and offices.
Advice: Do your due diligence, audit the last few years of new offices, teams and divisions.   Work on collaboration, transparency and hire qualified people.  Respect all of your employees and clean up the corruption.   Hopefully then you can  keep talent as opposed to losing it.  Samsung has so much potential, but there needs to be some major cultural and professional changes to right the ship.
Pros: Great Pay, Great Benefits and Products

Cons: You are micromanaged the entire time you are there.  The new Brokerage management is very over bearing and likes to do everything themselves, must have 100% control at all times.  There are no SOP's in place, just however they decide to do it and beat you over the head with it.  By this I mean extreme micromanaging to the point they count how many times you have to use the restroom.  Most extreme case of mistrust I have ever encountered in my career.  Asians need only apply this is truly all they want working for them.
Advice: When management fosters an attitude of 100% control what is the point in constantly hiring people, they will all find other jobs because this is not a good environment.    Other companies have went in house with brokerage and failed, what makes you think you are so different?  who ever applies here must be robotic drone that follows all commands or you are targeted for harassment.
Pros: You have a job and get paid twice a month

Cons: This company lures foreign recruits to come work at their Korea HQ with competitive salaries.  Unfortunately, they do not tell you that there is a double standard for performance evaluations.   They never communicated this ahead of time. There was no transparency at all.  Foreigners are evaluated at a higher standard because of their higher incomes.  You want to hold foreigners at higher standard because of their higher pay? then give them a higher position that would be aligned with their salary so that they can deliver on higher expectations.  This is discriminatory.  Their bait and switch practice is very questionable and incredibly unfair
Advice: Stop discriminatory practices against foreing hires.  You should get rid of the bell curve that you promised to get rid of two years ago.  Promote a meritocracy based promotion system rather than the seniority based legacy system that still exists today.  You should conduct full 360 evaluations with more than 4 stakeholders evaluating people rather that the current 2 evaluator system which really is a one evaluator system (everybody knows this)
Pros: Tons of company resources, great benefits, amazing infrastructure

Cons: Too many proprietary systems and processes, I do not feel like my experience here helped contribute to my career prospects in more modern companies. You are constantly working within a Korean mindset, with ridiculous goals often established without any regard to actual market conditions, and can change at the drop of a hat when a new executive decides he wants to try something  different.
Advice: Establish more clear and well-defined company/group/team goals, and stick to them. Stick up for your employees when global HQ starts dragging people through the mud. Adopt industry best practices for marketing, and provide access and training to employees on modern marketing platforms and processes.
Pros: Great coworkers, fantastic benefits (excellent insurance, with most of the premiums covered by the company, 401K match, excellent employee purchase program). You work with some of the coolest products on the market, and work with some of the biggest technology partners and resellers in the US.

Cons: Verbal harassment on a daily basis in addition to RACIAL discrimination.  Vacation is great, but they don't allow you to take any days off and if you do they give you hell that it becomes a nightmare and that also includes sick days too.  You have to deal with lazy coworkers who don't even know how to do their job (Micky Mouse mentality) so others have to do the job for the lazy ones, in addition to have to deal with managers who don't know how to manage, but all they do is yell, shop for personal stuff online and trash other people during work hours.   AND when you are the one doing your job, you get yelled at, but the people who Micky Mouse all day and are lazy get praised.
Advice: Pay attention to the lazy people who are not doing their job; you also have people who lie on there work hours as well, while others work the 40 hours,  Have Managers take verbal harrasment classes and how to manage employee classes.
Pros: Some friendly coworkers, good health benefits

Cons: Retail work schedules are always a pain anywhere you go.
Advice: Don't stop listening to the employees that work under you, they will usually have the best understanding of how the company is being ran and the good and the bad that come with that. The best ideas can come from the foot soldiers, out there working with the product and customers every day.
Pros: The management will listen to concerns and try to help you figure out your own solution, encouraging thinking outside the box and taking the lead.

Cons: A shocking amount of office gossip, politics and treachery.
Tons of box checking, even for a big corporation.
Cultural and practical gaps with leadership in Korea that is never, ever going to be resolved.
No culture of teamwork or mentorship. You're on your own, all the time. Good luck.
No clear vision or communication of expectations.
High turnover of good people due to all of the above.
Advice: Communicate vision, expectations, goals. Communicate anything, really.
Support your employees. It matters. We feel it when you don't.
Without some clarity and sense of purpose people are going to continue to leave.
Pros: Good pay and the chance to work on products that ship around the world

Cons: Politics are ridiculous, it's all about who you know not what or how well you perform, every group is structured different even though it's all the same company.
Advice: Being a MFG facility, I understand the need to keep things in order, but then you have too much micro managing now. And don't get me started on the projects you HAVE to do in order to even get looked at getting a raise. People screw things up just to put their so called project in effect, even if it's against logic, just so they can say they did it and it goes in their review.
Pros: Benefits, 401k, some of the people you work with are good to hang out with after work

Cons: Very few opportunities to move upward in the retail sales field.  The saying "The winds of change are fast in Samsung" is 100% accurate.  Directives are constantly changing, sometimes disconnect between  upper management and the field teams.   Korean company, so very heavily based on Work hard... Work harder culture.
Advice: Be open to the insights from the field.  We take pride in working for this company, but in certain cases, we do not feel valued.
Pros: Great company as far as brand recognition,  innovation,  the current direction they are heading.  They have the best products in the market, and are continuing to produce high quality products.

Cons: High stress environment 
Unrealistic expectations/deadlines
Workload tends to be unmanageable in a typical 9-5 work day 
Long hours are often required 
No work from home policy 
Work life balance is difficult to maintain
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits package is excellent. 
Medical, dental, vision with employer paying about 85% of the premiums.
FSA & HSA options
401k match 
Company provided life insurance (additional can be purchased for at a nominal rate)
Healthy vacation and sick day allowance 
Generous paid holiday time off
Bereavement policy
Hour paid lunch

Cons: Device manafacture. Pressure to release new features every year requested by whole salers and retail channels
Advice: As software gets more matters and online updates are available to provide additional features and updates, need to change the releasing schedule and less depend on the retailers in order for more advanced product to release.
Pros: The most skillful engineeres and designers to build the world best quality electronic devices from TV to Smart Phones.

Cons: You can be in the same position for years.  No growth.  You can put in a lot of time into your work and still feel like its not enough.  Work life balance is hard to come by.
Advice: 
Pros: Good Pay, Bonus,  Employee discount

Cons: Long hours, terrible process.  The HR here is really weak and allow terrible situations to occur. Theres a reason why there are so few people who work here past 4 years.
Advice: Let HR do its job and adhere to US rules of labor.  60 + hours work weeks causes people to get tired, its a basic rule.  Also, temps should not be "rehired" as temps.  That's just bad practice.
Pros: There's a park nearby and if you are Korean it's catered to you

Cons: * different working culture (could be perceived as too much top-down, politics management)
* fast moving company thus R&amp;D strategies rather change sometimes too soon, quick
Advice: None
Pros: * if join a right group, get to have hands-on development experience with innovating smart devices
* great working culture experience if plan to build a career in global companies outside of the US
* perks and health care are one of the best

Cons: The upper management team does not appreciate your hard work and the contribution you made. The weird Korean culture makes them think employees shall appreciate the opportunity they get from the company no matter what it is.  Individual contributors have to deal with politics a lot. The HR team is another chaos. They are not there to help employees solve problems but to make things more complicated and worse. Every one in the management team is busy with politics, nobody cares about the technology and business.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefit is above average in the Bay Area.

Cons: Lots of red tape
Capped opportunities for growth
Too many rotational employees who think they know best
Advice: Loosen up your processes (approvals, promotions, etc) and pay your employees better to retain top talent. Good employees should be recognized and promoted quickly (not in FOUR years) and poor, underperforming employees should be let go just as quickly.
Pros: Good benefits
Nice office
Training- depending on your team

Cons: No leadership, change direction often without communication.  Still run like a Korean Company and you need to be from Korea to make any movement in your career.
Advice: change with times, include great people and their thoughts, share and you will be amazed at what can happen.
Pros: Pay was good.  Benefits good.  Non Corporate (ie not from Headquarters) were excellent.

Cons: I worked in textile division as sales assistant. Poor management. They don’t know your work amount even if you drown for work they don’t care. Literally your job is not limited from ordering pizza for everyone to helping other division. Whenever i have a little bit
of time to breath they give me other people’s job so everyday was exhausted and burned out.
Advice: None
Pros: Work hours are flexible, you can learn about textile, systems like S-ERP, A2000. There is Picnics and Christmas party. Health insurance is good.

Cons: Sometimes it is very stressful place to work .
Advice: It is the one of the best  management. You can get work from home easily.
Pros: Best place,  Great people, Enthusiastic,  got a chance to enhance my skill set. Helpful Management. Great salary and benefits. Outdoor activities every month.

Cons: not having enough work to keep me busy.
Advice: stay committed to insuring that you dont allow other to compromise the process.
Pros: im committed to insuring that im asset by doing my very best an making myself available to do other task

Cons: The schedule would be my only con. Very hectic work schedule, and lots of blackout dates for PTO.
Advice: Look at ways to offer employees better work/life balance. Trust managers to make decisions in their businesses.
Pros: Goode Pay, great benefits. Opportunity to move up within the company, and awesome company culture.

Cons: Different culture. Work and life balance is not so great during peak seasons.  Management needs to be more accepting of others opinions.
Advice: Loosen up on micromanaging
Pros: Easy work and good team ethics. Pay is ok and traveling to other cities a lot. Bonus is a plus

Cons: Hard to find "work and life balance"
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits 
Free meals
Good profit sharing

Cons: Upper level management is predominantly Korean.  So chances for advancement are limited at the higher levels for Americans.
Advice: Give more Americans chances for advancement at the highest levels.
Pros: The Koreans are very welcoming of Americans.  The pay is above average also.

Cons: Anything can happen at any time and the expectations for delivery are pretty unforgiving.
Advice: None
Pros: PTO is relatively easy to get. If you stay on top of emails and communications it's a pretty easy job. You get out what you put in.

Cons: Senior management has no vision or direction.
Misogyny is rampant. Work/Line Balance is horrible.
Advice: Make sure you think about the long-term consequences and results instead of chasing after short-term results.
Pros: Really wonderful benefits, including great healthcare!

Cons: no real complaints.  For this industry, the work environment is pretty standard.
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work with competent hard working people and Austin is a nice location. Work hours are very reasonable for this industry.

Cons: Honestly there's nothing to complain about.
Advice: Keep doing great and innovating fast!
Pros: Open communication, freedom to share your own ideas, full of challenges and a lot of good stuff to learn.

Cons: deadline can be too tight. working overtime is expected sometimes.
Advice: Would be better not to shorten already tight deadline.
Pros: Good benefit, medical,  pension matching (50%), learn a lot about software development.

Cons: Advantages listed in pros might not translate outside of Smart Machines, be mindful of that.
Advice: None
Pros: Start-up environment, approachable management, good pay and not too many meetings.

Cons: No downsides here.  Love this job.
Advice: Continue promoting your teams and helping them succeed.
Pros: Awesome place to work and be part of a great company

Cons: You should work hard but it could be a Pros.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits in Samsung are great and you can have a lot of chances to make new networks.

Cons: Senior management only cared about sales.
Advice: Continue seeking new talent
Pros: Great pay but long hrs. Company loves positive personalities. You can work your way uo in the company fast.

Cons: Highly rigid structure and difficult to switch teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good compensation as well as housing benefits

Cons: Work Life Balance, Promotion can take 10 years, Bad City to live, Tremendous hobnobbing from HQ,
Advice: Need more innovation
Pros: Great Pay, Nice Benefits, Decent Campus

Cons: HQ is on the other side of the world and hard to bridge cultural gaps with upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Stability of working at a large conglomerate company with enormous scale

Cons: Management is inconsistent and there's high rotation.
Advice: Professional management is the key to the success of your team.
Pros: Great benefits and the day-to-day work is very challenging

Cons: I have nothing negative to add at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee friendly company, that takes very good care of their employees operating in a fast-paced environment.

Cons: No work life balance, Too much politics
Advice: Think outside the box.
Pros: good benefit ( health insurance, 401K match etc), PTO &amp; employee sales / promotion

Cons: - Hierarchical organizational structure
- Very slow decision making
- Unwillingness for risk-taking
Advice: None
Pros: - Great reputation, brand name &amp; exit options
- A fair amount of compensation
- Global exposure
- Work-life balance

Cons: It  is hard to grow technically as lot of communication issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is a nice company to work with as they provide lot of benefits.

Cons: No too much development. You need to work in Korean time sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: When you have any problem, there is always someone who can help you.

Cons: Work culture is very much  like that of Japanese - long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit is great, location was good (now they moved to worse area)

Cons: If morale is an indicator of a company I say go talk to the employees and see for yourself. There is no chance of getting ahead if you aren't from a certain country.
Advice: Get with the times.
Pros: I honestly can't think of any. Thank god the economy is good and you can go somewhere that treats employees better.

Cons: A lot of constant updates to study for
Advice: Non
Pros: The pay was good for a part time sales job. Pretty laid back most of the time.

Cons: communication barriers across teams and departments, manufacturing-oriented performance measures
Advice: None
Pros: good for developing global production competency, flexible working time, open chances developing multiple careers

Cons: Not a goodWork environment
Narrow Deadlines
Advice: Try to be more employee friendly company
Pros: Good Salary
Important Projects
Very good Perks

Cons: Internal promoting is rare.
Advice: Promote from within more.
Pros: Great company. Amazing Culture. Love working at Samsung. You will too!

Cons: too much pressure to finish project.
Advice: Work and life balance should be considered.
Pros: Employee benefit was very good.

Cons: In this big companies, you should work hard and concentrate.
Advice: None
Pros: It is an international company works on my field of interest

Cons: Full of reports, presentations and mostly working overtime.
Advice: Keep up with your great job!
Pros: Great place to build up your career.

Cons: - Diversity can be improved
- Remote meetings at evenings sometimes is painful
Advice: None
Pros: - Nice working environment
- Good benefits
- Discount for lunch

Cons: Challenging to work with a subsidiary as you are constantly the subsidiary and not the decision maker. Most the employees come from similar backgrounds with limited diversity in thought and experience. Hard to find inspirational leaders or mentors, and the culture feels toxic.
Advice: None
Pros: If you find the right time, people are nice

Cons: Bureaucracy 
Lack of gender equality
Advice: None
Pros: Many smart people
Large network of business units
Perks (health insurance, employee discounts, etc.)

Cons: Have to take various projects per year
Advice: professional skills are required
Pros: Work smart with the balance

Cons: - numbers, numbers, numbers shoved down your throat 24/7
- uneducated upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Somewhat flexible work environment

Cons: No work life balance.
Koreans and Korea HQ dominate and they have final say in everything.
Advice: None
Pros: Great to learn new technologies

Cons: Working over time about a few days a week
Advice: None
Pros: It was a very good experience 
Learned a lot of things

Cons: Overtime, area of opportunity in work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity for advancement, Knowledge Acquisition in end to end processes

Cons: Unrealistic Work life balance
Advice: Cultivate, develop and promote talent from within the company
Pros: Great benefits and work environment

Cons: Hierarchical management and lack of work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Clear business objective and KPIs

Cons: Work life balance doesn’t exist. The mantra is company first.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting products, great brand recognition

Cons: No office to work in
Advice: Need more advancement opportunities
Pros: The hours were flexible and convenient

Cons: short time position and management wasn't that great
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, easy work and super relaxed environment

Cons: less company internal career opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: life work balance not bad

Cons: Disorganization from upper management down
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work experience in marketing

Cons: pressure, less work-life balance compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, and nice people around

Cons: Strict security rules, less visible to management team
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation  (Salary + Bonus)
Work environment

Cons: Long hours, current market is tough.
Advice: None
Pros: Very sophisticated global supply chain system within the company.

Cons: It is a Traditional Korea culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience for one or two years for a foreign engineer.

Cons: Work duration and extra hours
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work and free food. Trips to HQ.

Cons: mid-level management is just ok
Advice: need macro management
Pros: macro environment is wonderful, business strategy is visionary

Cons: Data obfuscation (from the Korean home team)
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn and try new ideas, smart people

Cons: Sometimes it's weird about decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of good benefit policy

Cons: Some politics but its ok
Advice: None
Pros: Workload is balanced flexible hours

Cons: Rough working hours depending on team
Advice: None
Pros: Well recognized company. Opportunity to experience cutting edge technology.

Cons: No work/life balance. Always working under stress.
Advice: None
Pros: Great and growing company. Good benefit. Samsung product discount.

Cons: Very hierarchical
Global mobility form Korea isnt easy
Advice: None
Pros: Options to work on latest tech
Global reach
Good Pay

Cons: Not a great work culture
No diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Can work as per your interest

Cons: Dont' like the management style
Advice: None
Pros: I like the cafe and my team members

Cons: it's a small company relatively.
Advice: medical insurance should be better
Pros: growing importance in the market

Cons: Salary is not competitive.
HR management is not good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work.
No pressure by manager.

Cons: Low Salary compared to other similar companies in there.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment in there.

Cons: no cons. no cons. no cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Brand Name Value and great product company

Cons: I don’t have any ideas.
Advice: No comment.
Pros: Other persons found jobs satisfied.

Cons: Work balance is not that good
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit is good and work environment is good

Cons: strict for security
work and life balance is poor
Advice: None
Pros: good salary
nice foods
anual profit share

Cons: the technology stack 
corporation
management 
opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: new technologies 
always change 
good for beginners

Cons: overwork too much work overnight work
Advice: None
Pros: Good financial health good bonus good salary

Cons: Management decision making is a black box
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and international experience

Cons: I am join the company
Advice: Good
Pros: Super  company I am so proud

Cons: Takes control of everything and hard to implement an initiative
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay structure and benifits

Cons: Bad work culture and no idea management
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of perks and free food

Cons: I cant think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work for.

Cons: Always busy. Be prepared to work hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good insurance benefit and good environment.

Cons: Slow pay raise, some politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, Innovation, Great benefits

Cons: Best job I ever had
Advice: Lovely place
Pros: None ok great good job

Cons: no room or signs of growth/opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, willing to work with a schedule

Cons: Not much room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: great atmosphere.  Not much selling.

Cons: unwelcoming, unclear about future, making people wait
Advice: None
Pros: good, nice people, friendly atmosphere, dog friendly

Cons: nothing to say , no cons
Advice: None
Pros: friendly , good environment , excellent

Cons: Bad culture...not so much fun
Advice: get a life
Pros: Good company. cool to work

Cons: Not good quality work, gets boring
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to work, good work life balance

Cons: Overtime work may be required.
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation, opportunities, and people!

Cons: There is a culture different
Advice: None
Pros: They have very good pay

Cons: too many on hand project
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment nice person learn fancy stuff

Cons: nothing to share actually on this
Advice: None
Pros: Goood insurance. food and facity

Cons: no EMR available, limited parking
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits, flexible hours

Cons: Poor work life balance and evaluation process.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and competitive pay

Cons: project opportunity, fun project, future.
Advice: None
Pros: good experience and good culture

Cons: Sometimes it was pretty bad.
Advice: None
Pros: It was pretty good overall.

Cons: need new offices and chairs
Advice: none
Pros: sales structure was very good

Cons: unorganized but they were still learning
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and great products,

Cons: Tricky work you have to be very focused
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours great pay

Cons: hierarchy, frequent lay-off, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: big company, good benefits, opportunities

Cons: Bad Housing options for interns.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and Exciting Projects

Cons: Advancement opportunity, etc etc etc
Advice: None
Pros: Great  team, great support

Cons: No growth, no change, no positives, no leadership, no management support, no structure, no opportunities.
Advice: Dont allow people to stay in same roles for over 20yrs, prohibits change.
Pros: Bonus was met every year.

Cons: must of work are POCs
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and good team

Cons: Many weirdos in the leadership. Oppressive, rude, and very political. Taking others credits.  The worst work and life balance.
Advice: Improve culture by promoting/hiring people with good personality.
Pros: Fast, dynamic work environment. Advanced technology.

Cons: Terrible management 
no advancement 
terrible company 
no holidays off
Advice: Follow Apple structure of employee treatment
Pros: There is literally no pros.

Cons: Advise speaking to former employees before you have any consideration of applying to this company.
Advice: No comment.
Pros: Absolutely none.   This is the truth.

Cons: poor working condition almost everyday
Advice: None
Pros: At the moment can't think of any
