Cons: I was a project leader for almost two years and i strongly recommend people to stay away from Samsung Research America, specially researchers due to the following reasons.

1. There is no independence and everything needs to be approved by HQ in South Korea. Upper management in South Korea thinks in terms of hardware and they do not understand software. They are old people with poor understanding of technology and all decisions are taken based on what other US companies are publicly doing

2. People from HQ steal many project ideas as they need to approve them. They will say "please do not work on this item idea because we are already working on it at HQ". Then, they will ran back to HQ and create a project based on your idea or team idea. HQ stole to big projects from my team in just two years.

3. Similarly HQ will also steal the patents generated by you or your team and i have known some instances in which patents submitted from usa to south korea for approval come back with different author names.

4. Finally, since all funding comes from HQ your managers at Samsung research america (usa) will be powerless after all the abuses you suffer. 

In summary, Samsung is a follower company, following the work of leading companies such as apple and this is so embedded in their culture that they even follow and steal ideas from each other within the company.

Stay away please if you are an independent and innovative researcher. Join n american company or startup in the bay area better. You will regret joining and you will remember my advise.
Advice: Gain independence from HQ approvals and behave in n ethical manner
Pros: Competitive salary and bonuses (joining and annual)

Cons: The base salary is relatively low. The management and company culture are notorious bad. They exploit employee to contribute patent to company. It counts into your half-year assessment which is the reference for your bonus. As I have mentioned, their base salary is low, but their bonus may not be bad. Their the manager controls substantial portion of your yearly income, and that will serve a great leverage for the manager to exploit the employee.

Another thing is that their company IT is notoriously poor. For example, my current American company outsources the IT architecture to professional IT service vendor (such as Citrix). When you got some trouble on your PC, all you need to do is to make a phone call to the help desk, and you quickly get a professional IT service to fix your computer. Nonetheless, in Samsung, fixing your own PC is a part of your skill in your work. You have to fix your own PC or you will be treated incompetence. The group which I worked for in Samsung does have a Korean IT guy. However, he acted like your boss. You have to beg him to fix your PC or your may have to wait for a long time, and you may not finish your job because of that. Your manager won't listen to your "excuse" saying that you could not finish your work on time because your PC has some issue. blah blah blah ...
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is famous. You may have a chance to get free Android devices. Although their base salary is relatively low comparing to the main stream American companies, their compensation is not bad and their base salary is still higher than many Asian companies, such as Foxconn, Huawei, Supermicro, or ASUS etc.

Cons: Joined Samsung C&T, Americas at the start. Sounded like a great opportunity. Turned out to be a dead end real soon.
1. Wrong US management for a start-up. Lot of conflicting priorities.
2. Korean Management even worse. They have no understanding of western business practices, no expertise in the   
     construction field and are very arrogant. Did nothing to help foster corporation between Korea and the US.
3. If you are not Korean your career is dead. Funny US managers were let go, Koreans got sent back home (Real 
    Double standard)
4. M.O. seems to be to hire westerners to lay the ground work, then replace with Korean staff.
5. Hired a lot of really good people, than did an amateurish job of laying them off. Worse had no plan for the people 
     still employed. 
6. New GM is in the office part time. Office needs a full time talented leader to turn it around.
7. Korean staff has very little respect for US staff and US staff has little if any respect for Korean staff
Advice: You had/have good people. 95% of problems are management related or caused. Get good leadership from both sides of the Pacific. Keep HQ involvement limited. Your employees deserve better than that have received so far.
Pros: Great Benefits
Chance to work with some top quality people in their field

Cons: There is no work life balance, with average working days normally exceeding 10 hours and working during saturdays.  Management does not conduct business in English, so all internal meetings are held in Korean, making it difficult to participate in meetings.  Decisions are never made in meetings, as Koreans are not comfortable having open discussions.  Management changes every year, making it very difficult to carry out short term and medium term goals.
Advice: As a global brand, company needs to incorporate western business practices.
Pros: Company name opens many doors.  Benefits such as insurance are great.  Large number of employees across the various companies allows for lots of networking.

Cons: - pay is mediocre at best
- very political
- it's like you're working in a different country
- upper managers do not seem to care if you're a non-korean and will converse completely in their language with no regard for politeness or etiquette of any kind
- if you're a non-korean, you practically don't exist; just a fly on the wall
- the highest position in each department is held by a rotational staff from HQ giving you no real opportunity for advancement and oh, that rotational staff has absolutely no knowledge or experience in said field... he (yes, it's always a he) floats in from HQ for approximately 5 years and then floats out, paving the way for your next floater
- trying to get anything done in this place is a joke because there's so much bureaucratic red tape and hoops to jump through: manual approval processes followed by electronic approval processes; the many, many protocols they've put in place in order to prevent embezzling (which has happened in the past) more so hinders than helps the business
- your CEO of the moment (because you get a new one every 1 or 2 years), tries too hard to be likeable that he goes around sexually and racially discriminating everyone for a cheap laugh
- this company does not care about its employees
- i've seen long time interns/temps getting passed up for full-time positions but they continue to work the full-time hours
- i've seen hardworking non-koreans getting passed up for promotions while their korean counterparts get promoted
Advice: - promote within
- promote based on merit, not favoritism
- if you want to reduce expenses, maybe limit your upper managers on their monthly expenses instead of letting them use the company money like their personal piggy bank
Pros: - good health coverage
- everyone in the office is friendly and fun to work with
- good work/life balance
- convenient location
- job security

Cons: IT infrastructure is antiquated and not what I expected from an electronics leader.
Advice: Fix IT.  It gets in way of productivity. Keep everything else the same.
Pros: This is an RnD office of the South Korea headquarters.  Projects here are for System LSI part of Samsung Electronics so it's not to be mistaken with the FAB on the other side of town. Pay is competitive with industry.  Hours are reasonable. Culture is very friendly, open and team oriented.  The employees don't play political games here.

Cons: It can be difficult to get promotions at times.

Depending on your job position depends on how much you work. Either too little or too many hours. No in between.
Advice: All SEC locations should be full time with part time workers and full time workers. There is a growing demand for the services that we provide, but no one is there to meet the demand sometimes!
Pros: The hourly pay rate is very decent for an entry level position.

Great work environment working with a highly motivated  team.

Management feels more like mentors and they are always available for help.

Cons: Korean management is hard to work with. Work is project based and if a department does not manage to "sell" new projects to hq they are being closed (which happened to my security department at Israel)
Advice: Instead of trying to get every center in the world to adjust to the Korean culture try to adjust hq to the western culture
Pros: Many proffesionals to learn from. 
Good salary. 
Comfortable hours (at least in israel)

Cons: Each division is a whole different company. Have to choose the division very carefully. Also have to give up your life - 'urgent', everything is an urgent issue that needs to be finished 'today'
Advice: Carefully planned & timed work will make urgent issues decrease.
Pros: Good Salary & reputation in Korea. Have lots of chance to experience global operations. Also have many education&training chances. For foreigners, they certainly works less than Koreans.

Cons: culture is more closed, not much space to do research independently. woking hours too long and stressful. Need to adjust life style.
Advice: None
Pros: big company, stable job position, good benefit and good city to live in. Taking huge profit from the market now, and still looking to dominate market share in future.

Cons: things are just too tight and sometimes samsung engineers seem to lose patience which can be useful for things to move forward.  laid back culture can be adopted to improve the general tight atmosphere.
Advice: None
Pros: well organized, engineers are goal oriented and well prepared to discuss the agenda.   For project follow up, engineers are assigned to check on the schedule and progress.

Cons: Work life balance is great for new and lesser experienced employees.  Once you've been here for a couple years, that goes out of the window.
Advice: None
Pros: The team concept is great here but only if you don't want to move up in your career.  Not a good place for out of the box thinkers.

Cons: Hard to advance, general lack of procedures. They do not train you,you are kind of left on your own to figure out what you're doing, which isn't bad if you can learn fast by yourself.
Advice: None
Pros: Hands off approach,bosses do not micro manage you. You are given a task and it's up to you to finish it.Office is also very nicely designed

Cons: Not for the passionate ones - most of the work here is more of data entry than doing projects and making accomplishments. Higher up positions are filled by rotational staff from Korea.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job and comfortable atmosphere. 
No micromanagement
9-5 with 1 hour lunch
Good benefits

Cons: My job became too sales goal oriented instead of customer satisfaction and experience satifaction.
Advice: Dont be so pushy... Let people know from the beginning that they will be sales agents and that their performance depends on their advancement. Be transparent.
Pros: A lot of opportuntity for advancement, pays well

Cons: Cultural differences are a challenge.  There seems to be a different attitude towards non Koreans.  Work life balance is terrible.
Advice: You need find a direction and follow through.
Pros: Health insurance is great and work with some great people

Cons: Not many, one thing to say is that the company is so big and so many projects run in the same time that it is difficult to keep track of everything that is going on.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent co-operation, team spirit, good feedback by collaborators, open to new ideas, good life-work balance.

Cons: Cultural differences difficult to overcome. Management lacks understanding of US markets. Software execution poor
Advice: Give more freedom and hold people accountable. Respect cultural differences, train expats better
Pros: Stable company, flexibility to develop new concepts and tech.

Cons: It has not allowed any failure even though it tells it will....
Advice: It should be more creative by allowing some failure.
Pros: The strategic decision is made very speedy and it can follow up the other competitors very aggressively.

Cons: too hard to change even if a lot of effort. not direct, too much management. not clear. system is lack
Advice: None
Pros: Great if you want to go up and work harder, quite fair, considering korean company, quite free.

Cons: kinda harsh environment when you do things wrong. guess different cultures maybe. no idea so i left
Advice: None
Pros: great company. pretty generous on compliments stuff. good opportunities to work in those departments. pretty good experience

Cons: Not much room for advancement or clear career path.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting company on the cutting edge of tech. Great support and team atmosphere.

Cons: I don't have any negative comments about working for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent knowledgeable and committed co-workers, with eldership being of the highest caliber.

Cons: Extremely long hours no work life balance
No training.....given material and expected to learn on your own....absolutely ridiculous ...turnover rate is high....3 new employees for same position in one year
Advice: Make employees want to stay train them and give them as much help as possible...
Pros: Health care is good and steady pay check

Cons: Need more stand alone locations
Advice: None
Pros: High end products, Very friendly staff from corporate, and 3rd parties. Very fun and energetic company to work for

Cons: So many customer questions so little time.
Advice: Never adhere to the old saying, too many chiefs not enough Indians.
Pros: Innovation and new technology keep me invigorated

Cons: I am not satisfy how employees are treated in the company
Advice: N/A
Pros: I do not have much to say except I'm not satisfy with this company

Cons: Need to stay late to work with HQ or conterparts
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, many opportunity, big company

Cons: definitely overtime, micro managing, very tight schedule
Advice: The outcome is not related to the hours.
Pros: smart coworker, good benefit, good job security

Cons: leveling up within the organization, title changes, and slightly biased  culture
Advice: None
Pros: challenging and room for growths, big company, name brand

Cons: Who is not Korean or any sort of management is dumped on to an agency to be paid and regulated
Advice: Do not treat people like they are your property
Pros: Tons of money to spend on salaried employee and great subsidized benefits and perks

Cons: Good benefit for employees per year.
Advice: None
Pros: You have to work over time during year end closing.

Cons: very lonely to do work
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and cool gadgets

Cons: overworked, cultural challenges, low salary, high stress
Advice: None
Pros: hands on experience in top company of its industry

Cons: Job security and way upper management work
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with
Amazing training

Cons: work life balance is not satisfied
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced and challenging environment

Cons: hard to balance work and personal life.
Advice: None
Pros: lots of things to learn. samsung has a big potential.

Cons: The management has no clear business or technical direction.  The HR was a joke, and company did not recognize or respect the talent they were trying to hire.
Advice: Please have a clear direction, document it, and follow through.
Pros: Health insurance was good and cheap.

Cons: no cons at all really
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: good products, nice people, good benefits

Cons: work hours are too strict
Advice: None
Pros: Great work here,fab team to work with

Cons: no clear startegey, depends on team
Advice: None
Pros: nice team, good work, work life balance

Cons: Experienced workers can be hired on quickly and then sit on their butt and do the minimums until someone in upper management finds out and then just moves you to a different department.
Advice: Fire yourself.
Pros: People with industry experience can be hired on very quickly.

Cons: Not ideal balance between work and life.
Advice: None
Pros: Extensive bonus when the goal is reached annually.

Cons: Work a lot. Drink a lot
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Great products. Great people. Awesome

Cons: Constant irrational changes constantly being made
Advice: Settle down
Pros: Better pay then most around here

Cons: None that I can think off
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work

Cons: poor supervisor and leadership skills
Advice: None
Pros: pay benefits and cafeteria friends
