Cons: Samsung’s Smartphone runs on Google’s open-source Android OS.
Advice: Boost amount of ITs and compensation for The Knox MDM solution ITadmins.
Pros: It is the diversity, creativity and passion of the people who work at Samsung that have made us one of the world’s most innovative companies, and our people continue to drive our innovation forward. We work together in an open and collaborative environment that promotes sharing of the unique knowledge and expertise that each individual brings.

Cons: Samsung is a job based on personal relationships and favoritism. Samsung does not care how hard people work and abuse of good hard employees. The company HR is bias and racist, they need to stop allowing people to get away with mistreatment, If you are latino, or in the hispanic community, don't allow yourself to work there because they do not care for us and will allow anyone to say racist things to them I worked there 3 years and im tried of seeing latinos have a hard time working there.
Advice: Fire all HR
Pros: No pros and location is Newberry sc usa 29108

Cons: Executives were not giving any directions and concerns your life other than the work place. No interests in long term career development.
Advice: Hear your best engineers and try to endeavor new ideas stuck in the labs and factories. Do challenge! There are no Sony ir Philips you can imitate. Else, you will initate Chinese firms.
Pros: Can work with great engineers aling with huge potential and brilliant ideas. This Koreans are so diligent and never missed deadline.

Cons: -micromanagement - HQ has too many discrepancies when dealing with America offices
Advice: Develop younger generation Innovate based on future , not just old ways
Pros: - reputation - great experience builder

Cons: A very big company, information security is too hard
Advice: information security is too strict, some of tech sites is unvailable
Pros: Not too bad, salary is ok

Cons: Sometimes you will find your self with tons of work to do. The stress can sometimes overwhelm you.
Advice: None
Pros: There are lot's of opportunity to learn and grow. You will be exposed to lot's of new concepts.

Cons: WLB for my case. It depends on where you work
Advice: No RSU but cash bonuses are ok. Recently doubled it's amount but only for selected reciepts.
Pros: Comps are going up after great resignation wave. Getting much better than befor from the TC perspective.

Cons: No work life balance, culture is highly Korean and biast against those who are not.
Advice: None
Pros: Employees receive great benefits, bonus, 401k, PTO, Christmas gift, holiday, and seasonal celebration parties.

Cons: Security, lots of changes based on market.
Advice: Good management
Pros: Good pay, invests in training

Cons: no particular con to mention
Advice: None
Pros: I like the working environment in SAMSUNG

Cons: Sometimes too Demanding to accept
Advice: None
Pros: More than Industry Average Compensation

Cons: Korean strict culture, depend on division you in charge of
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation, opportunity, PTO, Welfare

Cons: Low pay and terrible work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Stable compay really. They pay on time

Cons: most of the decisions are driven Korean executives
Advice: None
Pros: collaborative, innovative, and fun environment

Cons: Company would end the project and don’t let you know until the last day of the project
Advice: Better communication
Pros: Bonus is great and people are great

Cons: Job is not that exciting
Advice: None
Pros: Career is good enough to

Cons: Workers are not so friendly
Advice: Non
Pros: Get discounts on products for employees

Cons: None, it was pretty much what I expected.
Advice: I don’t have any at this time
Pros: Enjoyed the job immensely. It was great.

Cons: social media part is annoying. also, sometimes it seems like they just don't want to pay extra money or are stingy
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, receive free technology products, bonus opportunities

Cons: Retention was low and there was a mismatch between Korean and American culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with and lots of diversity

Cons: Hard to move up and expand
Advice: None
Pros: Overall solid culture and fun work

Cons: None to speak of at all
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work for

Cons: No work life balance, daily gas lighting, favoritism, lead with fear, Bully employees daily, disrespectful and unprofessional. And most importantly, Racist. The team is unethical and HR is aware and supports the behavior
Advice: Get Rid of Marketing leadership, from CMO to Sr Directors
Pros: Benefits, Health &amp; Medical, 401K, bonuses

Cons: If you aren’t Korean, you will struggle to make an impact. Lack of work-life balance within Korean culture spills over into the plant. Changes are made without thorough data collection and often are based on “gut feelings.” Very little training is provided. Lack process documentation to even teach yourself.
Advice: Change management needs to be a focus.  Use data instead of feelings to develop process changes.  Many employees have great ideas based on data and no one is listening.
Pros: Lots of opportunities to learn. Co-workers are like family in some departments. Supervisor cares.

Cons: Mediocre salary/benefits. Very poor morale
Advice: Put retention plans in place
Pros: Good people, nice location, decent workload

Cons: No cons to share, sorry
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Not that many cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Really super cool and aesome

Cons: Bad soso for working infra
Advice: None
Pros: Good enough for the meal

Cons: Way too cold to commute!
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and great location

Cons: Overworked and bad leadership. They don’t value their workers
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, good health benefits

Cons: Managed customer inquiries and concerns about products and services.
Advice: None
Pros: Conducted product training and education to customers to improve new product adoption percentage.

Cons: No Work life balance ..
Advice: None
Pros: Leading company in the market

Cons: Better pay. Management should be carrying around whips.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent lunch cafeteria. Coworkers are great.

Cons: Not many, very nice c level managemne tguys
Advice: None
Pros: Its a great comapny for everyone and me

Cons: nothing really comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, great benefits and pay is great. status in Korea is good too.

Cons: lower pay, no stocks, bonus doesn't really keep up
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, good benefits, decent pay

Cons: Higher up management is not connected to the field unless you are a favorite of theirs. They preach work-life balance but actions do not back that up
Advice: Slow down in order to actually move faster and listen , truly listen to the field teams
Pros: Benifits are amazing Pay is great People are amazing

Cons: Very low compensation Salary rise is once in an year
Advice: None
Pros: Nice culture Very nice management Good place to start your career

Cons: There is no work life balance. Especially for Koreans, working hours are not specified and are expected to work long hours (10-12 hr/ day). There is little opportunity to grow, and depending on which department you are in, team atmosphere is vastly different.
Advice: Salary should be higher to compensate for the  extra overtime that is put in everyday. Working hours for salary members should be specified and not abused.
Pros: Everyone is very hardworking, and there are a lot of great people.

Cons: No cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, enjoyed my time there

Cons: Compensation, top down approach, limited visibility
Advice: Make the path to promotion more visible to the employees
Pros: Great benefits, smart management, remote

Cons: No such cons found by me.
Advice: It's great management team there.
Pros: Great to start career with.

Cons: Not really any cons to the internship
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot from my superiors

Cons: Internal expense reporting system isnt as easy to use as Expensify or others
Advice: None
Pros: Great technology and benefits Cool perks

Cons: Non-flexible working location.
Unclear roadmap in employee individual career developments.
No employee empowerment ; All decisions are made by C-level only
Advice: Need to improve employee empowerment.
All employees should have better career development opportunities.
Pros: Innovative, efficient, and ready to make large investments.
Hard-working staff and fully automated system for manufacturing
Well organized in data analysis and handeling

Cons: Not a good place to work. A lot of boring work for little pay.
Advice: None
Pros: There are not very many pros to be shared.

Cons: Drama 40 min breaks and rude supervisors
Advice: Do better
Pros: The people and thats about it

Cons: Poor management teams at all levles
Advice: None
Pros: pay is better than market

Cons: Annoying customers and managers that only worry about their own stuff and have to be micromanaged to make sure they do stuff for you.
Advice: Look out for your associates and get them better pay.
Pros: Good to get experience for future jobs.

Cons: Aggressive working environment &amp; challenging internal processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great resources &amp; benefits &amp; flexible work schedules.

Cons: Nothing to provide bad about it
Advice: None
Pros: Good for long term work

Cons: can be tedious work at times but that's really any job
Advice: Keep improving training of product knowledge
Pros: positive work environment and very flexible

Cons: No more company to move
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB in most days

Cons: Work life balance 
Compensation 
Work load
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, exposure 
Good team
Networking with team

Cons: It not easy. Hardworking and pretty frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: The job has all opportunities that will help you succeed

Cons: Slow to adapt to industry changing
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, pay well

Cons: Not much bad to say
Advice: None
Pros: Very good company to work at

Cons: Lots of red tape due to reporting structures tied to headquarters.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun to be part of an innovative company

Cons: The work hours aren’t as good as they should be
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone who works their is friendly

Cons: need more training, lotsa iformation
Advice: None
Pros: Kinda new,  good company culture

Cons: Compensation not high enough compared to peer companies
Advice: None
Pros: Has good work life balance

Cons: Paid reps with little to no experience more than seasoned reps based on management relationships.
Advice: Develop more fair pay rates based on experience.
Pros: Great advancement opportunities and healthy company culture.

Cons: Work environment. It's so packed. Managers push us to do more and more.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, Benefit, Commute Service, People

Cons: No organization Lack of focus FarPeople Upgrades
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Good Commission 
Tons of over Time

Cons: hard work low salary for me
Advice: None
Pros: love lots very cool fun

Cons: Depending on your department, significant overtime including OT in the office may be required.
Advice: None
Pros: They offer flex days where you can work from home 2 days a week and 3 days in the office.

Cons: Job is boring at times 
leadership
Benefits 
Store visits
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay
Get to play with new products

Cons: You will spend a lot of time on the Road
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company Wonderful Benefits and Great Work Environment

Cons: Too many Koreans. You need to learn Korea culture
Advice: None
Pros: They never make you work on weekend

Cons: A lot of top-down decisions
Advice: None
Pros: The processes are well defined. Less ambiguity.

Cons: Trust in colleagues

Sense of belonging

Overall satisfaction
Advice: None
Pros: W&amp;L balance, Salary, Location, People, Culture

Cons: Unnecessary meetings which is a problem
Advice: None
Pros: It provides Lots of opportunities

Cons: There aren’t much cons here.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, free food

Cons: Manager will not let you move
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of area to learn and grow

Cons: Everything - what a terrible place to be
Advice: None
Pros: Your paycheck doesn’t bounce Not much

Cons: Could be stress full at times and not to fun but yeah
Advice: Have good leader ship skills be on task
Pros: Get to pick hours and you could work less

Cons: Tough environment with very high goals, not for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, smart people and good teams

Cons: No work life balance and overtime work
Advice: None
Pros: Good healthcare benefits for employees

Cons: Bad Culture and Limited Growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and Nice Office

Cons: Need long time to decide somethinh
Advice: None
Pros: Need to be very active as the daily work load is high

Cons: Not too much promotion within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good start for someone wanting to start out in production planning

Cons: Unpredictable hours, low hours, safety disregarded
Advice: None
Pros: It pays decent, decent teammates

Cons: The Job lasted only like six months, and they transferred us to another company because they were outsourced.
Advice: None
Pros: It was fun, and I learned a lot!

Cons: no whistle blowers inside the company
Advice: marketing decisions should be studied well before implementing .
Pros: friendly environment - developing skills and knowledge

Cons: Work life balance doesn't exist. You are expected to work all day/night
Corporate culture favors Koreans over American counterparts
People constantly leaving for other companies, sometimes for less pay, no continuity
Organization and management is very immature and rife with "boot-licking"
Advice: Stop baby-sitting every single process and trust the American counterparts
What's the point of flexible Fridays when its always looked down upon
Need to do a better job of retaining talent and removing incompetent managers (here's a hint: if people are constantly leaving an organization or team then maybe its worth exploring the reasons why)
Pros: Pay is above average
Health benefits are good
401k match at 5%
Good products that consumers like

Cons: No investment in customer support 
Major focus on box sales period. 
Ignore poor dealer performance
Advice: Do it right or get out of healthcare.  These are non cell phones or consumer electronic products.
Pros: Some good people work in field service

Cons: unfortunately there is a persistent lack of direction
Advice: None
Pros: there are very interesting projects and people

Cons: Long working hours
Fast Paced
Advice: None
Pros: Fast Paced / Sense of Urgency

Cons: Not enough hours sometimes..take along time to rollover
Advice: None
Pros: Pays the bills, good people to work for

Cons: They were very very loud
Advice: None
Pros: It was very very cool

Cons: enjoyed my time working there. no cons
Advice: None
Pros: time off for holidays was good

Cons: limited career growth if not korean heritage
Advice: None
Pros: exposure to broad industry experience

Cons: i dont want to answer it
Advice: None
Pros: good place to be yeah

Cons: No no no no no
Advice: Go to work and earn money
Pros: Yes yes yes yes yes

Cons: Live your life putting out invisible fires
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and great team workers

Cons: I don't have any difficulties
Advice: Diligence, Smart, Work balance
Pros: I can get many kinds of opportunities

Cons: Boss wasn't the nicest, but you get over it.
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours, fun job, nice experience.

Cons: Long hours and very high pressure. The Korean culture requires the appearance of high dedication, and is reliant upon assigning blame and punishment for any failure.
Advice: Being successful is highly dependent upon good relationships, especially with Korean nationals.  Americans are generally not trusted until they prove themselves, which takes a long time, and then the trust is very high.
Pros: Very good benefits and salary

Cons: Overtime, no hours, seasonal, micromanage
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, schedule, time

Cons: - Toxic Environment
- No Work Life Balance
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Compensation
- New Technology

Cons: Korean American culture can be difficult and challenge
Advice: None
Pros: If you have any previous related experiences, it will be not too difficult.

Cons: none none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work is good

Cons: organization, working hours, communications, chance
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, insurance, fitness reimbursement, 401K

Cons: Hours can be long at times
Advice: None
Pros: People, work, technology. Everything about this company is amazing.

Cons: Low base, low base , low base
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, nice wlb etc

Cons: there are no downsides at samsung
Advice: kindly increase the wifi speed
Pros: free lunch offered by the company

Cons: - was on a temporary status
Advice: None
Pros: -flexible 
-great environment
- good salary

Cons: senior leadership lack of vision, continuous rotating at the top. Agenda keeps changing.
Advice: Company needs to pick a direction and follow up on those intiatives
Pros: culture, benefits, people and overall inclusion

Cons: No work life balance.
No growth unless you are part of a circle.
No training and development culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is competitive if you are joining from outside.

Cons: Free time but does not have to do with the company. Decided to freelance afterwards but overall great experience
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working there, really love the products as well.

Cons: Management speaks in Korean, they gatekeep information. If you aren’t Korean, or work 13 hours a day (seriously, not a joke) youre not getting a promotion.
Advice: None
Pros: People here are just starting their careers, you stay for 6 months, find something better

Job security

Cons: No cons to be provided here.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good culture and work life balance.

Cons: New tasks daily and challenged
Advice: Educate the employees
Pros: An "audit' department was created for one employee to become a manager and there was no training.

Cons: Speed is not for all.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong comp, big projects and teams

Cons: Language barriers. Having to influence rather than drive which is the norm when you work at HQ. Blessing in disguise. Will prepare me for developing leadership skills with remote teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to whole set of new dynamics, top tech, exposure to varying cultures, collaborative, fiercely loyal!

Cons: Not that great of an environment
Advice: None
Pros: good environment work in stwady

Cons: I wish that they had a higher 401K match.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of growth opportunities. Great leaders

Cons: Overtime happens often and less diversity. Hard to achieve work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunity to learn and grow.

Cons: Mandatory overtime due to backload
Advice: None
Pros: Organized work, good relationships with other employees

Cons: Everything else is a mess and there's no direction
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good and it's clean

Cons: Not a really exciting company, in terms of products.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, can work remote.

Cons: work life balance will not be there
Advice: None
Pros: best internal systems and processes

Cons: Culture can be tough to handle based on our work style
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Benefits
Great Perks
Competitive Salary
Team environment

Cons: No work life balance at all.
Advice: Listen to the managers.
Pros: Good work for team culture.

Cons: Internal processes and data systems need a major rehaul.
Advice: Need a task force hired to resolve major systems and process issues. Makes everyone's work harder and frustrating.
Pros: Good benefits, office amenities, and location.

Cons: Too much pressure, bad management
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, competitive environment, learning experience, telework

Cons: a lot of work that can cost late hours
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture with great people

Cons: Salary is lower than other places
Advice: None
Pros: People were nice and works are not that hard

Cons: The Respect for the Employees
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good you have a job

Cons: no stock option, upside limited
Advice: None
Pros: good fix income, and benefits

Cons: Awesome time management business company
Advice: None
Pros: Great Awesome wonderful involving mesmerizing

Cons: long hours and pto could be better
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and a lot of responsibility

Cons: The company is korean led
Advice: Listen to the people more
Pros: Good pay for the workforce there

Cons: hours can be long and have long days
work can be tedious and take long
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule
work is easy
people are very helpful

Cons: Everything, Please dont come here
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing, please do yourself a favor and dont take this job.

Cons: Sometimes too much work to do
Advice: None
Pros: Talented people to work with, great benefits

Cons: Work life balance was hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits, PTO, and salary

Cons: Poor company culture to have to deal with
Advice: Treat your employees better
Pros: Decent company to work for.

Cons: disorganized, poor leadership, low pay
Advice: None
Pros: you have overtime opportunities, several shift available

Cons: Work life balance is awful
Advice: None
Pros: The pay does not compensate for not having a work life balance

Cons: Unstable work environment, no real professionalism or room to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Monday to Friday, and free lunch one day a week.

Cons: The work life balance is limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and opportunities for advancement.

Cons: My fridge and oven are conspiring against me over Wi-Fi.
Advice: This website is horrible. People are really expected to go through this signup process?
Pros: Consumer electronics, who doesn't like that?

Cons: I never experienced any cons on the job
Advice: No advice keep going
Pros: Learning about next generation technology and having fun while doing so

Cons: Bad management, a lot of favoritism going on
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and nice employees

Cons: Salary
Promotion are not very good
Advice: None
Pros: WLB
Bonus
Technology 
Products
Employees discount
Benefits is good

Cons: It's work and that's all I know
Advice: Smile
Pros: Whatever you want here that's here

Cons: Sometimes it being really dead and having no sales
Advice: None
Pros: Helping customers get new devices

Cons: Not enough of down time to get to know the products
Advice: Help current employees achieve goals
Pros: Work schedule, great benefits great salary

Cons: Company culture - Very hierarchical - Feels like working for Korean's Army
Very high employee Turnover
Many frustrated employees
Advice: For US management:  Protect and Enforce American Employees Value and Culture
For Korean Management: American are not ignorant.
Pros: One of the best Engineering/technology consumer company

Cons: The culture is a problem. Very much favors Koreans. 

Also, even the interview process is unfair. A friend interviewed extensively and they used the process to pump him for solutions to existing issues they had, never intending to hire him. Not cool.
Advice: I can’t see management changing their tune any time soon.
Pros: Benefits are reasonable. But the negatives far outweigh the positives.

Cons: The environment can be cutthroat and unforgiving
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits and good reputation

Cons: Under paid for most of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, lots to learn

Cons: Rude customers at times bad
Advice: None
Pros: Time is good as it’s flexible

Cons: depends on Company rolls and agreements
but I try my best here to be number one as Samsung is now
Advice: good behavior 
good listener 
good communicator 
good team worker
Pros: I love working with Samsung Company.  because I was sales executive for the Samsung Company in Afghanistan

Cons: Work life balance and no stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, salary, good schedule

Cons: Sometimes got a bit chaotic
Advice: None
Pros: Not very hard work and friendly staff

Cons: You have to work a ton
Advice: Give us short shift
Pros: Great place to work here

Cons: Managment was not very good
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was good and hours

Cons: Culture rewards those who commit a lot of work
Advice: None
Pros: depending on role can be very lenient

Cons: Long hours in my area is required
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is great in my area

Cons: Not mayor issues , great experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours and flexibility of schedule

Cons: Idk sometimes they are a little rude
Advice: None
Pros: Idk it's cool for me

Cons: No work life balance
Heavy Suwon influence
Advice: None
Pros: Global exposure 
Great XFN
Diverse technologies to work on

Cons: great managers but poor leaders. Micromanage to no extent but fail to show technical leadership when needed.
Advice: None
Pros: This was for a position in Korea. Good pay, great colleagues. Benefits are pretty decent including reimbursement for hospital costs.

Cons: Very Korean centered work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and compensation overall

Cons: Less work-life balance.
Poor management.
Advice: None
Pros: High profit sharing.
Good benefits.

Cons: Repetitive labor and short breaks
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay rates and great pay

Cons: I can get balance of work and life.
Advice: None
Pros: Bonus, lunch, breakfast, bus, gym

Cons: technology could be better actauly
Advice: None
Pros: great people and great pay

Cons: Feels like compensation is a bit lower than at other market-leading companies. Lack of full remote work makes Samsung much less competitive for talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Good across the board in terms of teammates, compensation, and work/life balance.

Cons: Heavy Korean Influence 
Heavy Ceiling 
Lack of Accountability 
Lack Transparency
Advice: Allow American Leaders to make more decisions
Pros: Large Company
Great Benefits
Exposure
Tons of Hourly Incentives

Cons: Management, communication between US and Korea
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Great benefits good employees

Cons: I can't see any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and healthy culture

Cons: Work Life, Information sharing, Training
Advice: Newer Technology
Pros: Good Benefits, Consistency, Prime location, Technology

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy, tight discipline and processes happen slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Job security, nice bonuses and good salary

Cons: Lack of Creativity in technology deployment
Advice: None
Pros: Good Experience in the Hardware and Display world

Cons: Disorganized, highly politicized, team favorites, limited growth
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, pay, employee perks, 401k match

Cons: a slightly lower level of work environment
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and nice people in Korea

Cons: growth potential is limited at best
Advice: upper management is great and I love it
Pros: people makes my job fun

Cons: If you're part of the ♻️ team it can get really hot out there, so drink a lot of water.
Advice: Keep doing what y'all are doing.
Pros: Very professional. Really nice people work there.

Cons: the pay rate scale used
Advice: None
Pros: pay oppurtunity provided at this job

Cons: limited change to climb up
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, Good rewards

Cons: Not really any cons for me it's all up to you
Advice: None
Pros: Learning new things and good environment. Great place to grow

Cons: So much work load everyday
Advice: None
Pros: high salary compared to other companies.

Cons: Parts and job shortages constantly lead to a lot of downtime and forced time off
Advice: None
Pros: When the business was there it was a very fast paced and exciting place to work. Seeing the finished product on big jobs was always exciting and rewarding

Cons: Very demandind bosses and clients
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to grow and excel.

Cons: Mind set, overwhelming, work load
Advice: None
Pros: Only the benefits are good

Cons: Personal opinion. Sometimes, too much political.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary; work and life balance is great

Cons: Culture shock, hard to advance.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, solid, decent pay and good resources

Cons: Very bad payment per year
Advice: Just trying to keep improving
Pros: Very good environment office place

Cons: Company culture is terrible. Long work hours
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and salary healthcare are decent

Cons: Work you to death death
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a good place to work

Cons: low salary no stock option
Advice: None
Pros: nice co workers nice benefits

Cons: Work/life balance could use improvement
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome employees, flexibility,  benefits, perks

Cons: heavy workload, strict hierarchy, less flexibility in job position change
Advice: None
Pros: good at risk management, well-organized huge enterprise, flexible work hours

Cons: Not many jobs to rise in the technology field
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: You have to work hard to get good evaluation
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Global company, Great welfare

Cons: work life balance is always challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, Benefits, team mate, and bonus

Cons: Company has good work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good company overall great evencits

Cons: Growth and development isn’t really an option.
Advice: None
Pros: Work duties are easy to learn

Cons: Only consider Korean people for higher positions
Advice: None
Pros: No major pros honestly speaking

Cons: They lie to your face
Advice: Actually care for employees instead of treating them like a number.
Pros: None at all. They lie!

Cons: work life balance is a little off but is composited.
Advice: None
Pros: Visiting stores and working with people.

Cons: Lots of competition everyday in job
Advice: None
Pros: Interest in technology and dedicated the work

Cons: Overwork you. Do not care about employee personal time after work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefits. Good pay

Cons: No upward mobility at this place
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are very good here

Cons: Bad for an experienced employee
Advice: None
Pros: Good for a new job seeker

Cons: Don't understand B to B, work people ragged
Advice: Scale people with your growth curve
Pros: Great products, care about people

Cons: Work Life Balance is low
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefit and Pay for entry level

Cons: I don't have any cons. sorry
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work here.

Cons: Starting pay should be much higher
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and shift hours

Cons: Work life balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and 
Tech work etc

Cons: Hard to move up, salary low
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and PTO, Medical, Dental

Cons: culture is hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Products are great and reliable.

Cons: Nothing i could think of
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for

Cons: Korean schedule is what you work on.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible and realistic to todays time.

Cons: Sometimes, international meetings or projects take forever.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of benefits and good health care benefits
Flexible hours

Cons: Need to like electronics I think
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay if you like to work

Cons: Long hours and hot weather
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly nice good to work for

Cons: compensation not good
no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: I have no pros for this company

Cons: Long hours six days. Week
Advice: None
Pros: Good , fabulous, good night sweetheart

Cons: challenging, demanding role but you learn
Advice: None
Pros: Good place lot of work

Cons: Work culture is not be best
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit package, generous PTO policy

Cons: No cons all was very good
Advice: None
Pros: Safe work environment friendly staff

Cons: Unhealthy culture, not for the faint of heart
Advice: Figure out the HQ / subsidiary relationship.
Pros: Interesting products and good pay

Cons: Poor work life balance. Also hard to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Insurance is great. Holidays are also great.

Cons: Stressful work environment but not bad
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn &amp; build career

Cons: low salary and unbalanced time between life and work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great welfare and facility for employees

Cons: Culture gap.
Pay.
Work life balance.
Working hours.
Too many Koreans.
Advice: None
Pros: Vacation &amp; Paid Time Off.
Health Insurance.
Paid Holidays.
Sick Days.
Company events.

Cons: Everything else. Lack of training and direction.
Advice: None
Pros: A resume booster. Diverse workforce.

Cons: they pay really well, benefits i guess
Advice: None
Pros: Asian semiconductor company, terrible hours, nepotism

Cons: low salary, life and work balance
Advice: None
Pros: Free from the worry of layoffs

Cons: Boring if you don’t like being at a desk
Advice: None
Pros: The commission was good if you hit the goals

Cons: there is not cons ones
Advice: None
Pros: good team for wokring local

Cons: Not worth joining stay away
Advice: Worst management
Pros: Nothing is good run away

Cons: Long hours and too many improper job delegation. Not compensated
Advice: None
Pros: I can’t think of good to say

Cons: too much hierarchical approach from top
Advice: None
Pros: goal driven hard working place

Cons: management is strict some times
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work here

Cons: - Salary is okay somehow , but the amount of work and responsibilities assigned to you will make you feel underpaid 
- You are expected to work beyond your role , I accepted extra workload out of goodwill (not on my job desc) but when I reprioritized my real role I was escalated 
- No spot increases 
- Outdated mindset of project leads 
- Delivery centric where the quality of delivered software is overlooked (release by hook or by crook) 
- Deadlines are already in set even if there is no initial plan for the release 
- PH employees are always blamed even though the issue is not on our side 
- PH project leads have no voice in terms of release schedules (even in planning meetings PH PLs are not included - dates are just given to us with unclear reqs) 
- Micromanaging
- Low increase
Advice: I get that we are very careful on dealing with Korean counterparts (for our KPIs) but still PH leads / managers should stand up and point out things that are not working and demand change and process improvements from the Korean counterparts.
Pros: - Great teammates in PH 
- Okay local leadership 
- Somehow flexible working arrangements 
- Bonuses 
- Convertible leave credits 
- Team outings / activities 
- Free trainings , certifications and online courses 
- Item discounts

Cons: - If you are not in development than your career options are very limited to be leader who is mostly creating ton of reports. If you want to do more than not in R&amp;D unless your ideas are for development.
- Leaders tend to delegate their work no matter how much you do have to do
- If leader is you buddy then you do not have to do nothing at all
- If you have ideas which leaders might think as bad for their career than you are cut from most topics
- Korean culture - if you do not comply with specific patriarchy culture then do not work for any Asian company. If Koreans say no then there is absolutely nothing to be done even if you have perfect arguments.
Advice: There has been  years of advising those people but they do not care. Normally I would advise to be leaders and not managers but in the end they think mostly about how to survive when HQ wants to cut headcount every year.
Pros: - If you are developer than you will feel comfy
- Stable work situation - then tend not to fire people
- If you will be lucky you can be in nice project
- Good for young people who want to have nice position in their CV/resume to go further in work market

Cons: Internal communication from HR department to Line manager sends you very clear message that you’re not valued. Korean management, in contrast, are gods to be worshipped. Company never stands for you or your interests so no wonder why people constantly come and go at a wild pace. Managers have a poor and cheap strategy of constantly lowering your self esteem so that you feel you can’t leave, cause “no one wants you anyway”. Process of closing is ridiculously long and painful. Partners and vendors are furious and marketing managers are always the ones to blame
Advice: Company would never be able to keep top talents with such an atrocious HR and company culture.
Pros: Well, you’re working for top international Brand and marketing budgets are insane

Cons: - Poor Senior Management 
- Majority of them are from Factory and very less knowledgeable, not at all progressive. They don't know latest Management skills.
- Politics is so bad that they don't allow any new appointed senior member survive in the company.
- It's been 9 year I am not promoted in this company continuously avg rating because I am not a flatterer 
- For working here you have to loose your self esteem
- Discrimination among Tier 1, Tier2, Tier 3 colleges employees even you perform better
- on-site trip only to Korea and that is a kind of jail. Expectation to work normally 15-16 hr daily in HQ. Family members not allowed there. You have to stay in Dormantory kind of place.
- They make perception of you. Once wrong perception made. They will not give any single chance to change this perception.
Advice: Please hire consultant to improve senior management
Pros: Good fringe benefits like food , transportation, free insurance for you and family 
Goodies every year
Take good care of employees during pendamic
Good Infra

Cons: Ratings are not discussed and always come as a surprise. Bell curve is followed which sometimes do not do justice for a team where all members may have performed well but still due to bell curve someone gets poor ratings. As a person accountable for rating my team I was forced to give excellent good bad and poor ratings inspite of people not deserving poor ratings.
Advice: Do away with bell curve. Believe in people and they will deliver their best.
Pros: Challenging work, Opportunities to work with South Korean counterparts by directly visiting South Korea. Employee friendly policies for daily good food and travel. With internal certifications one gets an opportunity to learn.

Cons: -Shocking bureaucracy, administration, policies and reporting requirements.  
-Constant, deep and unexpected budget cuts.
-Inept management beholden to absurd Korean policies and practices.
-Total lack of employee support, training and a general distrust of all employees.
-Borderline abusive Korean management style with little knowledge  of the Canadian market and poor comprehension of local business customs and language.
-Total, singular focus on sales and financial measures - essentially a soul-less company.
-Difficulty recruiting top talent due to appalling company culture, processes, policies, lack of onboarding and work/life balance.
Advice: -Take the advice of Canadians on how to run a Canadian subsidiary.
-Treat your employees with some respect.  Say "Thank You" once in a while. 
-Look beyond sales, stop the constant cost cutting and reward performance.
-Reduce the absurd bureaucracy and administration that is the Finance Department. 
-Stop listening to Koreans at HQ and inexperienced BM's who are solely focused on reporting and cost cutting and whose ONLY metric is profitability. 
-If you treat people with respect and actually INVEST money in Canada - instead of cutting all the time, people may actually want to work at Samsung and you would be amazed at the results.
Pros: -Somewhat flexible hybrid work structure
-Subsidized cafeteria

Cons: Everything. From a mentally crazy boss who curses at you, physically abused (pokes your shoulder, hits you on the back with a big smack, uses a pen to hit your cheek) and gives you the worst directions, making you do the most ridiculous things ever and even questions why you leave on time (despite having work done) and why can’t you work on weekends. 

Forces you to submit a full fledge excel tracker within 30 minutes, mind you it was requested that moment and it’s a brand new tracker to plot. Telling you there’s no such thing as try your best, u must do it there and then.  All she needs to hear is “Yes boss. Ok boss. Will do it boss”. 

If you intend to apply for a role here, take my advice and don’t even bother. Your mental health is worth more than the salary here.
Advice: Maybe you should look into your HR here. If the CMO can override HR, what’s the use of HR? Turnover rate is ridiculous. And how abusive this CMO is.
Pros: Pros? A good team that supports one another mentally.

Cons: not good work in various teams like old technology and their own testing methods, politics just like in many large organization, less transparency, don't disclose to your plans unless final stage, somewhat like avg govt office mindset with much less like their job security, 90% of testing by developer in various teams in India offices, not much suitable for long term as learning is low, very team specific reviews were it can be worse to ok.
Advice: appreciate sharing of views by employer and work on it and keep it anonymous in reality instead of words, try to give exposure to various fields, use easy ui support instead of hectic approval process for pity stuffs , etc.
Pros: 25% off voucher on samsung products, lunch/dinner , cab, festival gifts, every work does not value equally so spend your time in right thing, can survive easily with less exposure and knowledge about work if can compromise with hike and maintain terms with team members/manager for long time, its good to have its name in resume than startups with better work, if you do extra works like bringing hardware from warehouse ,etc than it is also considered at the time of evaluation by many teams.

Cons: for Non-Korean, do consider if you want to join, they can pay you higher, but it is not a good workplace, is a toxic cultures. if you hire as a manager, you can only follow Korean BM instructions, no other ideas will accepted (don't think that you can always change the culture, it is not possible). Employer branding, Inclusion and Cultures Diversity only as a show, nothing will happen. Hybrid work as job posted, too early for you to happy of. Only 1 day in a week is allow to WFH, and is subjected to management approval, please try your luck to apply.
Advice: send all your expats back, they are here to enjoy life, spend company money, nothing they can contribute of. Wake up Samsung!
Pros: if you are Korean and can speak Korean, welcome to join

Cons: - The request for 3 days in office, 2 from home requirement feels rigid, particularly when other technology companies have the option of being 100% remote and more flexibility
- Different departments will have different levels of work ethics and flexibility 
- Luckily my team has strong and aspirational leaders, but I am aware that other colleagues have felt hindered in different teams because they are stuck with dysfunctional leadership
- If you don’t negotiate well before joining you can be stuck in lower salary benchmarking
Advice: - From a HR point of view the 3 days from office and 2 days at home rule feels restrictive and will lead to talent leaving this company
Pros: - Post-pandemic has allowed for flexible working hours 
- Best benefits I personally have ever received working in the design industry (generous bonus, 
amazed by the level of care from private medical insurer Aviva, access to mental and wellness health apps, discounts/vouchers rewarded throughout the year, travel allowance scheme paid directly into pay package) 
- Vast access to resources for education, talks and personal training
- So much more freedom in time and budget compared to working at design agencies previously 
- A forward thinking team who have the willingness to improve deliverables and mindset

Cons: - Korean culture is pervasive. In brief this means: know when to just do something and not argue with superiors, very numbers driven, work hard ethos
- As with all companies there are politics. What can make this more difficult is that the Koreans hold a lot of power, but discuss things in Korean only groups. 
- If you are a poor performer, you will quickly be moved out of the business
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: - World class organisation, proven themselves to be incredibly successful over decades
- Huge resource pool to spend on projects
- Generally talented colleagues 
- Formal and clear structure to get promoted/advance
- Fairly merocratic ie if you perform well, you are rewarded
- Good perks (staff discount, office facilities)
- Good pay, certainly one of the best in the industry (though not up to Google, Apple etc)

Cons: My first day at Samsung- At the lift lobby, There was total chaos. People were pushing each other to reach at Entry door for card punching. I was shocked to learn that timing is 8:30- 5:30 (HR didnt bother to tell me this befoe joining). A minute delay mean one day loss of salary.

My first day on floor- Floor has a look of Korean concentration camp where all Indians were sitting at one side and their Korean boss were sitting another side at big cubicle. Shocked to overheard Young Korean yelling at his old Indian subordinate in his fifties"You are fired". Got to know from one of my colleague that Korean bosses yelling at Indian is not new in Samsung.
Indian management do not listen to Indians, they wait for their Korean boss to respond. Even HR will disconnect your call abruptly and do not respond to your emails if you try to raise any question. They are puppets in hands of Koreans. 
Right from the time of onboarding experience till the time of exit, you will have worst experience in Samsung.
Your only Survival in Samsung is when you have nice Korean boss and he is happy with you. They try to vent their frustation by Yelling at Indians.
Advice: Empower Indians by giving them authority for decision making,
Pros: Good infrastructure, brand. none other than this

Cons: No successful software platform projects one can develop Poor IT system Poor software development culture Loss of productivity due to security policies especially at HQ(Korean offices) Many of colleagues with horrible skills (some don't even know how to code) Most managers don't know about tech but they manage projects When it comes to promotion, how many years of experience you have matters more than your achievements or skills
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits Good job security - underperformed (full-time) employees barely get fired Competitive salary (depends on department's revenue is good for each year)

Cons: Absolutely no work life balance at all in dev and QA teams - “Almost every dev here work 24x7 like support engineers” Micromanagement everywhere No food/cafetaria No transport or cab service provided Very poor male-female ratio Toxic culture overall You won’t have time for anything other than work, sometimes you are expected to work on weekends too. All of the above points apply to most of the teams in Samsung ecommerce Chennai, think before you join here!
Advice: None
Pros: You get to learn development, but this depends on team Some brand value

Cons: There is way too much reporting. You spend half your time answering HQ's requests and filling in reports instead of running the business.

The KPIs keep stacking up, and every single one of them needs to be met/achieved. Even before you meet those, they throw in new ones.

Management expects you to be on standby no matter the time, and seems to think that their every request can be completed just with a click of the button, often forgetting that we too, are humans. We also need time to rest and recuperate, We also have families and friends.
Advice: None
Pros: This is one of the largest conglomerates around the world, everyone knows Samsung. Brand awareness is there, so you don't need to spend too much effort to build brand equity. 

I've met some of the most dedicated, hardworking people here. Most of us work too hard, and give in to ridiculous requests and deadlines most of the time. 

You do get rewarded for your efforts and hard work, but i'd say it's not worth it.

Cons: Bad analytics practices  have been unable to provide good data and an stable platform to work with. Disorganization when managing projects, lack of basic communication. 
Same problems in different days and everything rushed out and not thought through properly. Lack of exploring more modern tools and practices.

Only one point of contact for IT demands.

Higher manager do not get involved into employees needs such as missing payments due to late approval and/or bad processes.
Advice: Good professionals do not need stress or emocional instability as part of their daily activities, they need focus, clear communication and project objectives and a peacefull environment.
Pros: Good demand for analytics that could create better practices and more quality management.

Cons: Our position was supposedly not including doing sales but provide technical support to authorised dealers, as Android is never an Apple. But you have push us to be more like a sales person instead of technical product consultant in all your stores, which is wrong. And you have been reduced most of our incentives with the excuse of not hitting targets related to the sales oriented jobscope, which is also unethical. Your townhall meeting or online discussion has put our suggestion to deaf & silence our counter-questions against your ridiculous marketing strategies (as you push them as if you are the Apple). Hope you wake up from your unrealistic fantasy, be a market friendly Android. No more Exynos product but sell at ridiculous premium price.
Advice: Treat your staff equally regardless on field or in office, and left your elegant corporate culture to yourself, the field staff want to have realistic support, but not your threatened tone or hard line instruction to present you a fake marketing scenarios in fake numbers (while you being superseded by others long ago while denying our foresight).
Pros: If you love Android ecosystem that trying to rival Apple, but non-Chinese brands, go for it. It will let you understand the politics, relationships in between authorised dealers & Samsung itself. The internal product training is literally nothing special as what you can read from SocMed leaksters.

Cons: Lack of direction and strategy, lack of company culture, 60% consultants - very difficult to get hired as regular, no exchange programs to work abroad.
Advice: More direction and strategy, create company culture, hire more regulars, make it possible to work in other markets.
Pros: Colleagues, salary if regular staff, one of the biggest tech companies in the world, innovative, fast-paced

Cons: - Outdated performance review process. Grading system is absurd.
- Outdated software development lifecycle. We can’t modernise with an efficient scrum methodology as our Korean bosses use waterfall.
- Outdated culture where people will have to address their seniors with Mr. and Ms.
- Outdated tools. Some work tools are only accessible via Internet Explorer, and the UIs are reminiscent of early 20’s UI.
- Poor-performing laptops are provided to employees.
- Aside from your actual job in the company, you are also expected to contribute to other internal projects, and to pass algorithm exams. If you’re not performing at these 2, it will be taken against you in your performance review.
Advice: Start modernising the company.
Pros: - Benefits are great. You get huge bonuses on leave encashments and performance ratings.

Cons: - With the parent company based out of Korea, it is definitely difficult to find the most elite teams here - The pay isn't the highest in the market, so the attrition is high
Advice: None
Pros: - Wide range of teams to work with

Cons: Truly the most poorly organized and obfuscated management system I've come across. There are so many internal and external Samsung subsidiaries that all compete with and take advantage of each other and you'll likely have to work for or with several of them but good luck getting anyone to explain which ones are which or how any of it works. If you're hoping for one of the biggest technology companies in the world spanning dozens of countries and offices to be working with some of the most cutting edge technology you'll be sorely disappointed. The infrastructure is antiquated and desperately in need of re-vamp. Add in an extremely overzealous security culture that somehow ignores major security flaws in the older technology they're using and you're going to have a bad time getting anything done. There's a corporate HR culture that barely treats employees as human beings, let alone functional adults. The entire company has an out of control middle-management class - somehow manages to have too many micromanagers and no actual people and job management. Expect to have every task questioned, but don't expect to have any meaningful engagement about career development or any issues you have with your job, team or coworkers. You can also look forward to a "hybrid" work from home model - with a mandatory 2-3 days in the office. Not that this is coordinated in anyway so enjoy being forced to commute to the office only to sit in zoom meetings all day.
Advice: I genuinely don't think it's possible for management to improve - this place is a bloated monstrosity of late stage capitalism. If you're a young fresh graduate you should work here for a couple years to get a big name line on your resume but get out and do something better as soon as you can.
Pros: Decent compensation, OK benefits, occasionally you'll get bribed with free Samsung tech.

Cons: Working culture late hours sitting No proper work life balance No overtime facility but wants to employees sut late &amp; work
Advice: Try to improve work life balance Everybody has some responsibility after office hours
Pros: Good Benefits -Lunch &amp; Evening Snacks 5 days working Good infrastructure

Cons: Very fast paced Takes 1hr+ to commute from London Challenging to get support from Korean HQ
Advice: Offer more employee roles instead of contractor roles. Allow employees to work from abroad.
Pros: Supportive, good team Hybrid working flexibility Great experience Good benefits, staff sales discount

Cons: +90% of bonus depends on division's overall yearly performance (not on individual's performance or talent), Very strict hierarchy, Leaderships pursuing short-term profit
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to work with global employees

Cons: Despite all the efforts from HR, dealing with koreans is not an easy task. A very difficult culture which doesn't fit in the new working era.
Advice: Listen more to the employees.
Pros: The HR department has improved a lot with different programs which created a better working culture.

Cons: Complex organization, lots of stakeholders, top-down, flexible according to the senior management wishes. Bonuses are regarded as part of salary not on top.
Advice: More remote and flexible working. Increase benefit. Centralize operations.
Pros: Top brand but the competition is against Apple, TSMC, etc. Hybrid working. Average above salary range. Perks such as corporate lease car.

Cons: More than often you would get an attitude "don't think, just do it", challenging to change staff inside the company procedures.
Advice: To be more open to ideas of the employees, provide more trainings
Pros: Great people, experience, benefits, interesting projects, mass influence

Cons: - Too much paper works - Inefficient development procedures with a lot of disturbance by managers and directors - No work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - The salary higher than the average of same careers - The pride and nice cafeteria

Cons: Some people work too much and they think the others are not working.
Some leader estimate the working time and consider it when we check the result of year more works and more good evaluation.
Sometimes they are conservative about everything such as clothes, changes of working-system, and challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: It has long history. So there are many professional in every dept. 
If you have any trouble when you do your job, you can get a help from them.
Also there are so may enthusiastic people. They work so much and they put works first.

Cons: You should be creative and a hard worker
Advice: make the path to promotion a little more visible
Pros: There is a good vibes and the environment in which we work is very cool

Cons: Location is not optimal for me, but that is something that is out of the company's control.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible with lots of freedom, fun company culture and overall great place to work in.

Cons: Work-life balance is non existant
Advice: People are your best asset, treat them like that
Pros: Much to learn, great colleagues

Cons: Samsung has a hierarchical decision making process. One has to follow the decisions instead of making them.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is one of the global leading company in semiconductor business. You can learn state-of-the-art technologies and knowledge from teams.

Cons: difficult to build a career (depends on teams and work) low income compared to other it companies still a little bit strict culture
Advice: None
Pros: good gym good meals popular title

Cons: If you like challenge and adventure, you will not find any cons in this company.
Advice: I cannot find any suggestion since I was satisfied.
Pros: "Being a number one" motto and really smart peoples.

Cons: Despite enormous money, she is a bit conservative in launching a new business.
Advice: None
Pros: It has broad coverage in product lines and sales regions. So employees are trained to think from wider point of view.

Cons: Very strict security they don’t allow to open mobile camera
Advice: None
Pros: Very good learning culture &amp; good environment for work

Cons: Weird top down culture with focus work from a few select teams
Advice: None
Pros: Make a few friends and call it a day

Cons: No Cons to working with Samsung.
Advice: Management is doing good.
Pros: -Permanent Work From Home - excellent Appraisal in the team

Cons: Nothing i can find about company at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, good benefit. Many training program Friendly co- worker Stable job Clearly promotion process

Cons: Very fast-paced. Requires 4x a week office attendance.
Advice: None
Pros: Advanced and several opportunities to learn

Cons: none whatsoever. The company provided me the best experience to grow.
Advice: none
Pros: The company provides excellent scaffolding work

Cons: Yearly salary increment is too low
Advice: Yearly employee review system should change
Pros: Life time job or it is like a government job

Cons: Hope to expand modeling area to the digital marketing or recommenation based on machine learning
Advice: None
Pros: Good to have chances to handle manufacturing dataset with global scale for modeling.

Cons: Relatively low salary with no compensation especially in Korea HQ.
Advice: None
Pros: Team spirit to win and to stay in number 1 position. Decision-making process and work speed sometimes are amazily fast. but not every agenda.

Cons: There is total discrimination from management in terms of nationality and its really affected in work and personal life of many employees
Advice: Don't check for Nationality, Color, or any other factors to judge an employee, Just evaluate his work and the quality of work
Pros: THE GROUND LEVEL STAFFS ARE GOOD

Cons: Work here wont help much with career progression Really difficult to find a dept with worthy work Onsite people are god, you are nothing.
Advice: None
Pros: Get time to work on skills at personal level

Cons: long distance from home working pressure
Advice: None
Pros: settled system and great colleagues

Cons: Longer shifts Only 1day off during festive season (25th December only) No growth or promotions internally Same salary year in &amp; out( No increment)
Advice: None
Pros: Good trainings &amp; highly educating meetings Good management system Excellent team

Cons: Misogynistic One of the worst working environment Impossible to be promoted when subcontracted. Changes or elimination of products with short notice (created bad reputation for customers)
Advice: Stop adopting Korean culture to how you treat people.
Pros: Access to new phones. Restaurant in the first floor that you can have lunch everyday for free.

Cons: Can be stressful during launches Unending high targets YoY management directions changes every new leaders' term Slow progression and promotion
Advice: Continue to build the People first culture
Pros: High salary Nice location Benefits are good People are nice, talented and collaborative

Cons: small company, so not a lot of place to advance in the short term samsung aquazitions leads to project road map changes very often mediocre base pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good smart people, very professional Allows and encourages personal growth Almost no stress diverse projects and learning opportunities compensates good work handsomely

Cons: location(but it has convenient shuttle bus system)
Advice: None
Pros: 1st choice of semiconductor company in South Korea

Cons: None there are literally no cons.
Advice: No they are good.
Pros: They are good company. No problem working with them.

Cons: Red tape and legacy issues due to scale of company
Advice: None
Pros: Established and international renowned company

Cons: Poor HR, or no HR at all. Dreamy marketing for staff, but poor execution. Pockets of great teams but no real team winning culture. Directors are in it for themselves. High pressure work environment designed to burn staff and replace.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent products with strong marketing from global level.

Cons: Might be stressful and very much hierarchy.
Advice: None
Pros: I really like the high speed of things, how different cultures meet, the colleagues and the salary.

Cons: Loopholes in the system. Many of them have no clue what they are doing. Rubbish working culture.
Advice: You should come in Bangladesh directly for the CE business operation.  And please maintain a healthy work life balance for sales employees,  who give you the authenticity of sales.
Pros: Only pros in this company is start of work at 10 am in the morning.

Cons: 95% jobs are outsourced to HR companies
if you are unlucky to get people2people then you will have very bad experience
Like any big corporate they will treat you like a number
Very condescending work environment- They will make you feel like an outsider if you are not directly hired by Samsung.
Advice: Please get rid of People2People HR company, They do not have time engage with your employees. Samsung is paying good money for them and they cant hold on to a proper onsite manager. There the reason you have lost good managers and demotivated the ones that work. Do a survey and find out :)
Pros: Generous Employee Discounts
Looks good on resume
Easy parking spot

Cons: Not easy to work from one local division to another one
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work. Benefits are excellent.

Cons: Part time job, temporary job,
Advice: None
Pros: Serving Customer, direct sales, B2B, sales management, dynamic environment

Cons: Old Techstack, Not much opportunity to grow
Advice: Remove constraints of inside time
Pros: Work Life Balance, Good Pay

Cons: Fast paced - but as per the above, as long as you have the drive you will overcome this.
Advice: None
Pros: People centric. Never failed to get support when needed.

Cons: None that I found at Samsung
Advice: None
Pros: all are pros at Samsung

Cons: Very hard work enviroment l.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary. Measurable Performance KPIs. A Place to learn a lot

Cons: Atmosphere is horrible, no clear rewarding and promoting among performing teammates
Advice: None
Pros: Salary as the main point of interest

Cons: need the attractive marketing strategy to appeal to young generation
Advice: None
Pros: quick action to change the market situation and to deploy new technology in the products

Cons: A lot of work is waiting. Work and life balance is not very good
Advice: None
Pros: Lots to learn and opportunities to engage in a global industry

Cons: Hard work, but it is changed a lot today.
Advice: None
Pros: The company have a great mission and vision. They care employee in many ways. Food (all free breakfast, lunch, and dinner) is fantastic

Cons: Life balance - time rate and factory location
Advice: Not much - except more investment on the human resources
Pros: Good future - good environment to learn / gain experience

Cons: talents are under utilised. lack motivation
Advice: None
Pros: large, well paid, good teams

Cons: The worst corporate culture among all companies People in general is on the edge of burnout People expresses that work because they need the job, but hate going to work I have never seen such an attrition rate in all companis I`ve worked before Micromanagement at the top
Advice: Should reevaluate people management at all Eliminate control of Corean business managers to senior local managers
Pros: Awesome products Excellent planning, execution and processes control Outstanding marketing

Cons: I can add some comments
Advice: they paying good more than others
Pros: Was good to work this company

Cons: Salary less than market standards Tech stack Politics
Advice: None
Pros: Free Food S. Korea trip Work life balance( depends on team)

Cons: people culture are sometimes hard to accept
Advice: None
Pros: good assessment and reputation as big company

Cons: high pressured, attention to detail, hard to find a career progression
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly colleagues, fast-paced environment, lots of things to learn

Cons: Korean work culture is been followed and employee benefits are Low
Advice: Consider more Employee benefits than focusing on Company Infra
Pros: Samsung is one Best Platform to Learn and Grow with Technology

Cons: unprofessional leaders, Insufficient GPU count
Advice: None
Pros: flexible working system, adequate compensation

Cons: Good company and good Employers
Advice: None
Pros: Best company and salay also good

Cons: Work and life balance is bad Pay is too small
Advice: None
Pros: Semiconductor top company. Samsung has lots of technology and skills I could have learned semiconductor process

Cons: Difficult internal processes, demanding and time consuming, high workload
Advice: I would suggest to focus more at work-life balance and recognition to selected current hard-working employees.
Pros: Strong brand, innovative company, great products, strong in marketing

Cons: Improve yourself and stress for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: hardwork just and good salary

Cons: Not the most supportive for professional development.
Advice: None
Pros: Experience a wide variety of information.

Cons: Much list more district of india
Advice: None
Pros: Very helpfull n great understanding

Cons: - language barrier when speaking with korean engineers
Advice: None
Pros: - interesting projects - good engineers - salary - bonuses - travel

Cons: long hours no too much freedom of thinking
Advice: Adapt more to the North American culture
Pros: excellent brand strategy and product channel management

Cons: Overwork, politics was thin, hierarchical working culture, the ratio of contract workers
Advice: More flexible work opportunities, fair promotion opportunities, sports facility needed
Pros: Reasonable salary, nice office, paid overtime, nature-friendly surrounding, big brand, training opportunity, great staff sales

Cons: No work life balance Corporate politics Racism No remote working flexibility
Advice: Remove racist hr policies and find ways to combat corporate politics and improve work life balance
Pros: Great pay, benefits and location

Cons: not well organized to develop
Advice: None
Pros: good and kind companions motivated

Cons: Uhm... busy and busy. That's all
Advice: Nooooo
Pros: Welfares are soooooo good! Promise

Cons: -a lot of overtime (till1 plus am) 
-no progression after 4 years 
-cutting down headcounts so probably you will be taking over 3-4 pax work
-limited free snacks ( like those biscuit u buy from the tins). Chips and drinks are payable. So if you imagine that our company has those free snacks around, think again.
Advice: Please fight for your workers on whether is it the pay wise or progression. 
As for HR, there are too many contract members (1 year contract) in the company thinking that they can be converted but in actual fact, almost no one has been successfully been converted. Please do not give them false hope.
Pros: - people there are generally quite nice
- brand definitely. It’s Samsung that you’re putting in your resume.

Cons: full schedule and need to know a lot
Advice: None
Pros: great environment and really good subject

Cons: maybe irregular working schedule I think
Advice: None
Pros: I learned a lot of this while working for this company

Cons: HQ information efficent delivery local slow
Advice: N/A
Pros: good career development platform in semiconductor

Cons: Tiffin in Thursday,Friday is not good.
Advice: None
Pros: You can join in the company.

Cons: Night shift me work in sumsang
Advice: None
Pros: Good working experience in sumsang

Cons: Nothing I can't mention, everything was good
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and flexible schedule

Cons: Too few paid leaves (15 days)
Advice: None
Pros: Free meals, Free shuttle buses. Good work and life balance.

Cons: toxic culture where you are expected to work late even if you don't need to. No creative freedom as everything comes from Korea.
Advice: Stop being toxic
Pros: good pay, good benefits and nice offices

Cons: The Korean work style is very hard to follow along as it requires more than hard work. Overhours are normal.
Advice: None
Pros: I would never miss a minute that I have passed at Samsung. It shaped me and my life.

Cons: Work is not balanced to employees and too much focused on expatriates. Top down management
Advice: Hoping that the working environment gets better by listening to ground staffs
Pros: Global company where everybody is aware and system used in Samsung is advanced

Cons: I didn't find any cons which I can share
Advice: None
Pros: International fast paced professionals good culture good perks

Cons: It's hard to see the faces of family members.
Advice: None
Pros: Company pays a lot. The annual bonus is generous.

Cons: Very hierarchical and there are too many unofficial managers, so-called task-leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Good to work as a working mom, work and life balance

Cons: While having work from home they asked us to even work after office hours. Work life balance is not very good.
Advice: None
Pros: good for fresh graduate in this company

Cons: Its far from downtown GTA
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work and prestige

Cons: Culture profile is quite personal for each professional
Advice: None
Pros: Well established company and brands

Cons: -salary -very long waiting time for promotion -poor training for employees -very hierarchical company structure
Advice: improve salary
Pros: -low entry threshold -calm work -enough time for the task -interesting business trips -medical care with dentistry / multisport / possibility of overtime

Cons: South Korean (cold) company culture Externally motivated people (salary &amp; bonuses) At times overly analytical Demanding &amp; stressful
Advice: Move away from push strategy towards pull strategy.
Pros: Tons op opportunities Fast-paced environment Autonomy &amp; ownership in the role

Cons: Take too long to get promotion
Advice: None
Pros: A perfect job to start your career.

Cons: underpaid positions! You will not earn here a lot
Advice: None
Pros: you can travel the world

Cons: Takes a lot of efforts
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to work for them

Cons: Lacks the support of the global company. Fells like a competitor rather than a research center.
Advice: None
Pros: Open minded environment, Good team atmosphere

Cons: But insurmountable gap with the best players
Advice: Open you eyes. You guys know one thing, but not another
Pros: Always try hard to catch up with the best players in this field

Cons: Not sure if it has cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Wow, good quality and great.

Cons: workload is too high .
Advice: 
Pros: Good and friendly working environment.

Cons: The atmosphere is very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: The research in the company is very interesting.

Cons: A little bit of stressful and work-load
Advice: None
Pros: Make you involving real MMC culture and personal development

Cons: too much politics and working environment is bad
Advice: None
Pros: i had all the benefits

Cons: work from home policies, location
Advice: strict work from office policies
Pros: work life balance, benefits, workplace

Cons: Language barrier if you don't speak Korean
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Place to Work At

Cons: Performanceism, pay inequality, and unknown queues
Advice: None
Pros: You can enjoy the rights of workers as stipulated by law

Cons: timing issue was also there
Advice: None
Pros: great work environment was there

Cons: Overtime works not paid at all
Advice: Let your employees to work from home and lessen the on site works
Pros: Good salary, overall okay environment

Cons: Work life balance is not up to the mark
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom to experiment and test and learn

Cons: Nothing special about this work but nice collegas
Advice: None
Pros: Fine place to work. Cozy

Cons: Once in a while the 10-6 time may get extended but it's not that big a issue.
Advice: None
Pros: As a trainee, I've received excellent guidance from all my mentors.

Cons: no Cons, perfect. world best work place
Advice: None
Pros: everyting is good. culture, money, people

Cons: Nothing Great work place Great employees
Advice: None
Pros: All are good Good culture

Cons: no cons as such in a company
Advice: None
Pros: work culture is very good

Cons: long work hours 6am-6pm tiring work
Advice: None
Pros: not really anything noteworthy, we get a free meal a day

Cons: Low salaries Hiring level is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment Big company Strong system

Cons: Cannot work autonomously More expectation Hectic schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Good food, employee benefits, Transport service

Cons: Long hours which can some times be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great people so much to learn, recognition great benefits

Cons: Salaries are okay for workers but not okay for white collars
Advice: None
Pros: The best reason to work in samsung is brand power. You can feel that it is a global company.

Cons: Bad politics office environment and culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn most updates technology and world class industry skill

Cons: nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
Advice: None
Pros: fast-paced environment. good benefits and team

Cons: Hierarchy works with the leader political works
Advice: None
Pros: High Salary in korea Welfare(Health, food, etc)

Cons: Late ours, cultural imbalance, last minute planning.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots to learn, dynamic, global talent

Cons: Promotion one time per year
Advice: None
Pros: Cool colleagues, interesting tasks, remote format

Cons: Work life balance isn't good
Advice: None
Pros: Team was very helpful. Work was challenging

Cons: - Bad corporate culture
- Limited opportunities for improvement
- Software engineers hired to do purely technical support roles (with little actual work with software)
- Asked to do business trips around the whole Europe with 1-2 days of advance notice (people from Korea think Europe is one country I guess)
- Middle management mostly interested in making a good impression on Korean HQ and little more
Advice: None
Pros: - Not many I can remember

Cons: * Poor engineering culture * Depressing office * Toxic progression system
Advice: None
Pros: * Excellent severance package * Good canteen

Cons: The company could do better in the area of incentives given on products..
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is paid on time...

Cons: Hard to collaborate with other teams
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work life balance. Company culture is getting much better than before

Cons: If you don't deal very well with pressure it might be difficult
Advice: Be nice to your people
Pros: Great dynamic. Lots of energising pressure. Good culture

Cons: Not able to find any cons as of now :)
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunity is huge Growth is very fast

Cons: Hours full time working isn’t for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and benefits in the company

Cons: Poor working culture, high expectations without much support, extremely complicated processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, interesting products that are fun to engage with.

Cons: Toxic culture and there is no life work balance. You quickly become arrogant after working in corporate factory and start delusion-ally think you are accomplished and well off which are incorrect as you are a just number. Pathetic place and sad employees.
Advice: You are a sad company who only cares about givint big sad bonuses. Money is NOT everything in work culture. Train your employees to be less arrogant but just confident. They act so arrogant and condescending just because you give unncessarily high bonuses. They make your company look very bad and embarassing.
Pros: If you are desperate about names, yes you get a sad “samsung” name on your resume.

Cons: I got quite bored towards the e.d
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing to work at, it was my drea.

Cons: Pay more attention to the effort of the employee
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is helping the employees but the third-party company call center are not paying well

Cons: There is no cons in working with samsung.
Advice: None
Pros: Brand Value of Samsung India.

Cons: a bit too military sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: dynamic company with interesting challenges

Cons: Long hours and very stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Fast pace environment and good salary package

Cons: Łów salary, robot franeworkn e2e
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosferę new technologie Good leader

Cons: Busy hard but funny job
Advice: Good
Pros: Excellent experience good perfect job

Cons: No pay for extra 20h in a month. It is true
Advice: None
Pros: High salary compared with other company in KR

Cons: Lots of presentations to make instead of actually working
Advice: None
Pros: Let's of Marketing budgets to get the job done

Cons: Uncompetitive salary, slow promotion, slow salary increase
Advice: None
Pros: The work is not too stressful, the salary is clear

Cons: to be satisfied for the most part
Advice: None
Pros: the best company in Korea

Cons: work time is too much
Advice: reduce work time
Pros: too learning environment and helpful

Cons: bad work-life balance, some processes can be confusing
Advice: improve work-life balance, perfect processes
Pros: professional colleagues, good salary, bonuses, learning materials, benefits

Cons: Racist &amp;, Political Environment. If you know Korean Language then you will have a good future in Samsung. Otherwise no job security for you.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall benefits and compensation - Average.

Cons: sometimes feel like not stable
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits high salary table

Cons: * More hardware focused company . Software knowledge less exist , or giving attention to.
* Too much people are leaving.
* Hard to work with Korea. Different mentality
Advice: None
Pros: * strong people.
* Research is welcomed.
*

Cons: Most of the skills are not competitive in the market
No Major Skill upgrade - only inhouse tools are used
Advice: Can make it a better place by supporting, motivating resh talent, mandate learning courses to skill upgrade for all employees across playscales and contracts
Pros: Great place to learn - Marketing Techniques with Bulky Budget .
Good Exposure in Telecom Industry Business
Great perks and performance bonus

Cons: Too much of work pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and punctual feedbakc

Cons: Somtimes long working time required
Advice: None
Pros: relatively higher salary in an inducstry including annual bonus

Cons: Very toxic company culture which discourage you a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Big brand value and name...

Cons: As such no cons which should be highlighted
Advice: No
Pros: Good work culture in SRI-D

Cons: Poor work life balance. Not a place for long term career growth
Advice: Listen to the employees
Pros: Good brand on your cv

Cons: normal level salary, inconvenience with coworkers when there is an argue, required fast working
Advice: None
Pros: flexible working time, well made group management system, name value in south korea

Cons: I feel you can't improve that much here / slow Salary is not that high
Advice: None
Pros: Employee are friendly Can get udemy courses for free

Cons: Workload can be demanding but being transparent with management on your situation really helps.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, learning opportunities, my opinion matters, made good work friends, free parking.

Cons: Toxic work environment Manager is abusive Racist
Advice: Learn to treat people with respect, regardless of the color of their skin.
Pros: Customer service Team work Working under pressure

Cons: Multiple training sessions for each phone release
Need to memorise a lot of information with limited time
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
High flexibility
Good Environment for both training and work

Cons: Not good to see you soon
Advice: None
Pros: Best company for the great

Cons: Need to have work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good to start as a fresher

Cons: Due to the above, working under a Korean culture also forgets the limits of the employee's own well-being, especially if dealing with directors or executives of that nationality. Which is common to cause burn-out in employees.
Advice: Less micromanagement
Pros: Working in a Korean culture is very beneficial in terms of preparing and adapting to the challenges that are required today in which results are required in a short time, especially if it is required to remain competitive.

You get a lot of experience in a short time and you focus yourself at that pace, which is essential for personal and professional projects later on.

Samsung can achieve that in you without you noticing.

Cons: Less Pay - remuneration is little
Advice: Improve on paying staff more
Pros: Great Team work and collaboration

Cons: Good values and good employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good values and good pay good ethics and workplace

Cons: Nothing bad about Samsung Egypt
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work Great place to work

Cons: Toxic work load Long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome team Supportive management Minimal politics Good people

Cons: Politics around employees and workload is not balanced among employees
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours, anytime to be in the office and any time to leave. 
Working from home available twice per week

Cons: Slow growth is one of the cons
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is at its best.

Cons: It's too big to change something.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional Environment and company culture

Cons: lack of distribution and installation of the company products and lack of customer's knowledge of the products.
Advice: Actually, to promote distribution channels and collection of data
Pros: It comes with excellent career prospects, to increase sells and strategize target audience, to promote customer service and installation, create proper channels of distribution globally and provide products information, introduce new products to a target market.

Cons: Concern business in foundry market, Strict work culture
Advice: Need to see a long-term vision. Not a right next year business. Need significant innovation in the company.
Pros: Competitive TC, growing industry, Free meals all-day

Cons: not any cons of working here
Advice: None
Pros: good to work at and discounted Starbucks

Cons: - Many unstructurized processes
- Lack of flexibility
- Lack of person-oriented approach to employees
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of different projects, project opportunities
- Many dedicated professionals
- Good company vision and image

Cons: Staff and working environment terrible, too much workload and overtimes
Advice: Check every countries' management and the reason on work outflow
Pros: One of the biggest companies

Cons: Work cultrure wasnt that much
Advice: None
Pros: It was good according to name

Cons: not aligned with the market in terms of salaries, work from home policy. overworked employees
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus system, every 6 months

Cons: Should pay attention more to work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging environment to push you go beyond your limit

Cons: To much work
Not so coorperatable
Too late leaving office
Advice: Samsung should raise the salary of employee or give more time for themselves
Pros: High salary in Korea
Nice welfare
Company culture is not so strict as like other Korean company

Cons: - I don't have anything to complain
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible time schedule - Employee store

Cons: no cons that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for compensation and vacation time

Cons: Heavy workload, No work life balance
Advice: Please help to maintain work-life balance
Pros: High salary, your efforts are recognized

Cons: I resigned after 6 months and I was happy to leave. 

There was no onboarding program. There was no clarity on management expectations and what my role will look like. Things were constantly changing and there was no time for any proper communication. I didn't have a manager to report to for first 3 months, then a manager was hired who left after 3 months - he had no background in Instructional Design or Training. There was very high workload and work-life balance was not good. 

I requested for training and it was rejected even though the training was for a new type of ID work that was not discussed at the interview or documented in the job description. Lots of surprises, not very pleasant. 

As an ID, there was very little action taken based on best practices and data driven decision making. Decisions were made based on whatever the manager representing 'client' Samsung wanted. There was lots of micro aggression, no documented best practices and a top down approach focused on 'the client' manager instead of evidence based approach that shows what works and what doesn't work. 

If you are a fast paced worker who keeps quiet and does work exactly as the 'client' wants, then you're ok but if you ask questions or suggest other approaches, you may be subject to excessive criticism, passive aggressive behavior, blame game and abandonment.
Advice: Don't issue 'final warning' letters to staff members who have been in the job for less than 6 months and when you have no on-boarding program and no clear communications in place. Instead, communicate with them to have clarity. 

Don't create a mad rush on deliverables with unreasonable work load. Have documented expected behaviors and timelines on each task in place and use data driven decision making instead of relying on one manager's opinion on what works and what doesn't work.
Pros: Good salary and benefits, management pays for meals sometimes too

Cons: if work in samsung, you should exepect to work over time
Advice: None
Pros: Compare to other company in korea, they pay you well

Cons: device oriented device specific good at device
Advice: None
Pros: excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent

Cons: very far from city ,
Advice: None
Pros: good place for experience people

Cons: No downside everything okay so far
Advice: None
Pros: Staff purchase is very good

Cons: In my case didn’t have many opportunities to go out abroad
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment to know new culture

Cons: * More hardware focused company . Software knowledge less exist , or giving attention to.
* Too much people are leaving.
* Hard to work with Korea. Different mentality
Advice: None
Pros: * strong people.
* Research is welcomed.
*

Cons: Most of the skills are not competitive in the market
No Major Skill upgrade - only inhouse tools are used
Advice: Can make it a better place by supporting, motivating resh talent, mandate learning courses to skill upgrade for all employees across playscales and contracts
Pros: Great place to learn - Marketing Techniques with Bulky Budget .
Good Exposure in Telecom Industry Business
Great perks and performance bonus

Cons: data science , developer, manager , senior manager
Advice: you should make the camera more advance
Pros: for amazing experience and for living my best life

Cons: no standard for ps no development
Advice: None
Pros: welfare P.S. education system transportation offer

Cons: It was good seeing there
Advice: None
Pros: It was very good experience

Cons: Individual team cultures in the Australian business can have amazing leaders and cultures, but overall there is a Terrible Organisational Culture. Global leadership lead by fear.... 
Staff locked in rooms and interrogated by head office audit teams, no support person .... yelling, name calling in meetings etc. you get the picture. After 4 years I have PTSD. 
Only join if you have very thick skin
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the most talented, fun and driven people I've ever work with. Cutting edge products and technology. Great exposure to the global tech and retail marketplace

Cons: Work life balance portion needs to be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment with good colleagues.

Cons: High pressure environment with large korean culture imapct
Advice: More culture training
Pros: Good salary fun company and lots of benefits

Cons: not able to conclude as not any
Advice: None
Pros: good culture for work and grow

Cons: No cons that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Bad managment by korea higher up
Advice: None
Pros: Good local boss helps people

Cons: Hard to grow your career.
Advice: None
Pros: Stability working in Samsung gulf.

Cons: not in central London grad scheme is hit or miss
Advice: None
Pros: large corporation good benefits experience korean culture

Cons: Depends on the team and the supervisor you are attached too, might be challenging without the support.
Advice: None
Pros: Good perks and moving towards the right direction in terms of benefits and work life balance

Cons: Top-down decision making, lack of delegation, weak market leadership on innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive benefit (esp. for senior manager level or up), well-organized internal system, long history for consumer goods development

Cons: Salary increment is quite poor.

Everything or every issues needs to be rasied as ticket like the old system
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work.

Culture for work is good.

Motivated and directed Lead Engineers

Cons: No bunos no bunos no
Advice: None
Pros: Good good good good good

Cons: lower salary than other big tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and working environment

Cons: Sometimes you should work overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly team They will teach you everything

Cons: It is difficult to pass feedback or comments to management.
Advice: Your sales consultants on the floor best understand the customer and sales aspect of Samsung electronics.
Pros: Staff discounts are exceptional, and team environment is also a huge plus.

Cons: Learning opportunities in few teams
Advice: None
Pros: All Facilities provided are good

Cons: A LOT of work causes stress
Advice: None
Pros: the good salary they are giving

Cons: Difficult to work at head quarter for foreigners since 99% of employees are Korean.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and good bonus. Work time limitation system works well, no need too hard work.

Cons: Sometimes you have to wait longer for some project decisions.
Advice: Improve communication with HQ
Pros: First the atmosphere in NLP team is really great. You won't expect this for big corpo. People are tolerant. Management is respectful. Your opinion is important. Work hours can be adjusted to your needs.
Second the projects - you are creating products used by millions users. 
The work is not boring - you are using newest technologies.
Of course you have all corpo perks - private medical care is especially important if you have family.
Salary is average comparing to the market but it's updated regularly and the work is very stable.

Cons: Nothing. Its All good here
Advice: Nothing all good here in samsung
Pros: Get a chance to work on cutting edge technology

Cons: too much pressure, high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and perks and benefits

Cons: - It is hard for foreign employees to integrate with native employees because Korean language and culture
Advice: None
Pros: - Job stability
- Amazing campus called "Samsung Digital City" in Suwon
- Great place to live with all nice infrastructure and peace
- Nice colleagues

Cons: To much work
Not so coorperatable
Too late leaving office
Advice: Samsung should raise the salary of employee or give more time for themselves
Pros: High salary in Korea
Nice welfare
Company culture is not so strict as like other Korean company

Cons: Saturday work, too detail, difficult to promote
Advice: More flexible, Try new thing, Take care employee life
Pros: Very good, high pressure, hardworking

Cons: - I don't have anything to complain
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible time schedule - Employee store

Cons: Kind of a stressful situation where need to undergo some stuff
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of benefits as a worker.

Cons: It was a great environment to work with as Samsung gives opportunity to beginners and freshers
Advice: None
Pros: I see this opportunity as a way to contribute to an exciting forward thinking/fast-moving company/industry, and I feel I can do so by with my

Cons: Management, hard to achieve next grade
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice projects, company structure and goals

Cons: Can be a challenging dynamic
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced environment and generous remuneration

Cons: Na Na Na Na Na
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture is good here at Samsung.

Cons: Long working hours
Unbalance between life and work
Advice: None
Pros: Salary on time
You can learn new mobile technology

Cons: Samsung is a manufacturing company. It is NOT a software company. May ruin your career depending on the team.
Advice: None
Pros: Okay salary, great foods, smart people, and good perks.

Cons: To adapt to different cultures and environments
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience in retail and in electronics

Cons: Strict hierarchy and lack of flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment with good pay

Cons: No good bad work quality
Advice: None
Pros: Good work had a good experience

Cons: Always very competittive and hard work
Advice: None
Pros: Many benefits such as check up/meal/holidays..

Cons: No growth Low perks Nothing bad much
Advice: None
Pros: Good policies Healthy environment Care about employees

Cons: Was Not able to find any yet
Advice: None
Pros: Promotes innovation and free work environment

Cons: Snobbish employer that always doesnt see you doing work
Advice: None
Pros: Best knowledge in android features and spec

Cons: not a fair company on kpi
Advice: None
Pros: not recommended for new hire

Cons: Hirearchy system for approval for everything
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working style, no uniform, learning environment

Cons: many workers want to be at the samsung company so there are many competitors when applying
Advice: -
Pros: a company that is widely known by many people, provides the best product results in various countries

Cons: good platform for professional development
Advice: nil  and nothing
Pros: in balance professional and personal

Cons: it was not that good at all.
Advice: None
Pros: it was really good experience

Cons: It’s hard work sometimes but easy others
Advice: None
Pros: They pay you on time

Cons: Salary is just average in Vietnam market. Not much challenges for true talents. Every developer has the same treatment in terms of payment, income.
Advice: Please increase the value of talents considering their qualification such as good academic records, high reputation school. Don't treat the same for all developers. Talents will leave you if theirs contributions are not recognized and encourage.
Pros: Big space for work. Beautiful office. Nice policies. Professional regulations.

Cons: Moving to next level is difficult even if you become eligible or have the potential reason flat structure and higher positions donot become vacant easliy
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, Work life balance, Good money

Cons: Hierarchical culture is limiting the growth of the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for foreign employees

Cons: low salary and long work hour
Advice: None
Pros: Good and nice company culture

Cons: No promotion jeowo kwor ksownj jeo
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture nandid maiej jekej

Cons: limited promotion chance and salary
Advice: None
Pros: confortable work environment and eirk time.

Cons: - Corporate
- Korean management can end up being a bit on the micromanagement side at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Bonus
- Good colleagues
- Interesting challenges

Cons: No cons as such found
Advice: None
Pros: It's has good benifits in company.

Cons: WFH, Leave, Weak Process orientation
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Perks. Opportunity, Worktimings, Inclusiveness

Cons: Bad work life balance. No employee engagement activity
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning, Fast paced, Incentives

Cons: In my case didn’t have many opportunities to go out abroad
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment to know new culture

Cons: Low salary less growth, overtime plans,zero work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Decent culture with motivating colleagues

Cons: toxic environment centralized management style they don't have incentive scheme
Advice: None
Pros: excellent experience huge and variety of product

Cons: distance is important for me
Advice: good salaries
Pros: it is a venu big and fameuse company

Cons: Workload You should be ready to be flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Technologies Opportunities Team Promising Growth

Cons: WLB not good, always on call
Advice: None
Pros: big firm, nice team lead

Cons: weak management, many people do jobless or unmeaningful task.
but strong sectionalism, strong single culture. it's difficult to work .
Advice: Learn how to live and communicate with Korean people, they are not accustomed to do with foreigners.
Pros: Good compliance, good support system for employers.

Cons: I dont think it has any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and good infrastructure

Cons: can not learn core technology
Advice: None
Pros: nice work life balance &amp; lively atmosphere

Cons: High handedness of Manager 
lack of good quality projects and entire day revolves around solving issues
Spend 45 hrs in office even if one does not have any work
Advice: None
Pros: supporting colleagues 
NIL NIL NIL

Cons: Boring bad good corrupted too big
Advice: None
Pros: Stable good bad wrong corruption

Cons: Algo / Patent prioritization for bonus and promotion
Advice: regularly ask opinion on improving productivity and workspace
Pros: Good community
A lot to learn

Cons: - Small pay raises
- Frequent changes with the form of employment
- Stagnacy work culture
Advice: None
Pros: - lot of L&amp;D for free 
- Social events and benefits
- stable place to grow

Cons: Good HR
Good Management
Good Salary Increment
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment
Good Culture
Good Vision
Good Milestone

Cons: Salary is too low..compare to onther companies
Advice: Just focus
Pros: 1.it is one of the best company

Cons: Yearly increase is not that great, unrealistic KPIs, and limited opportunities for tenured people.
Advice: None
Pros: Good for beginners to improve and gain more experience.

Cons: busy and too many people
Advice: None
Pros: nice and very good people

Cons: Must be very punctual and cannot be late for work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues and good benefit

Cons: Nice peoples, good company in Seoul
Advice: None
Pros: Good money, it was great

Cons: Let's be honest here..I don't find any negetive point here tbh.
Advice: None
Pros: Its a pleasure to work with such  a good company like samsung. There job environment is very good.

Cons: Fast paced, time restricted, no progression
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, a bit of flexibility

Cons: short time contracts and instability depending on the season
Advice: None
Pros: good salary with nice incentives

Cons: No skill development for career
Advice: None
Pros: Equality is at its best

Cons: too much politic , KPI is not set according to project, leering growth is very less
Advice: None
Pros: chill environment , good work life balance

Cons: no such thing as work-life balance.
very poor base salary
difficult to find meanings in your career as an analog design engineer at least in the memory department
Advice: None
Pros: the chance to work in the so called 'best company'(although measured by very old generations) in Korea, all your relatives will admire you just for being a part of it.

Cons: still a startup and need some time but it will be a good company at the near future.
Advice: None
Pros: friendly environment 
quality work load
Startup

Cons: Long hours
No overtime pay
Locals not respected by dispatchers
Advice: When in Rome, do as Romans.
Pros: The people (most of them)
Quarterly bonus

Cons: no discipline people dont show up to work on time
Advice: BE a better person
Pros: they offer good salaries for new staff

Cons: avg work culture
below standard pay
not much learning
Advice: None
Pros: Laidback culture
no much pressure
good informal colleague bonding

Cons: Salary wise not very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Stability Work life balance Growth opportunities

Cons: Is very dificult to work with koreans
Advice: None
Pros: I do not recomend this company

Cons: Might be too rigid and recrictive interms of growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and grow.

Cons: No cons as such everything is good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, office, food and work.

Cons: there is no insurance for interns, compulsory sertification
Advice: None
Pros: friendly environment, possibility to do the research and participate in the developing of patents

Cons: too busy, sometimes. and political issues
Advice: None
Pros: good for me, go foward with company

Cons: Less opportunities than the past
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits including free meals, benefit points, coupons. Good salary in Semiconductor division.

Cons: - Almost no work life balance especially closer to the end of the month
- Target driven, therefore somewhat stressful
Advice: Give more leisure time to the employee
Pros: - Good salary &amp; benefits
- Plenty to learn
- Opportunity to work between departments

Cons: most of the company's direction is based on hardware. I think software developers have some limits.
Advice: None
Pros: really good for hardware engineers.

Cons: Salary is pretty low considering how much the company makes
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance considering counterparts in Korea

Cons: Impact of HQ can create unnecessary red tape and stifle ambitious projects
Advice: Be more transparent as to what can/can't be done, and work more closely with HQ to convince them of projects that they initially don't agree, but can drive value for the business.
Pros: People, products and overall leadership is great, as is the personal development opportunities. They allow flexibile, remote working (even pre covid)

Cons: Very bureaucratic, felt like we were not able to add value.

Susan Isa hike from Seoul.

Tough to envision staying long term if you don't learn the language.
Advice: None
Pros: Seoul is an amazing city with amazing people. The pay and benefits were great

Cons: - Unstructured HR onboarding training
- Extremely inefficient with lots of legacy systems and processes
- Poor change management 
- Organisation has trust issues, to the point where we have to apply to "wfh" in system
Advice: None
Pros: - Great colleagues
- Lots of free treats as bosses are able to claim using their corporate cards

Cons: Initial pay scale need to demand
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Good environment to work based on manager

Cons: Salary is not very competetive
Advice: None
Pros: Good if you like BT

Cons: management is overbearing and biased towards individuals they don't necessarily like despite of their work ethics and skill
Advice: Stop being so robotic about following policies and use common sense
Pros: Physically undemanding , lots of perks and great team.

Cons: slow promotion, complex organizational structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, average salary, friendly colleagues

Cons: Overwork is common in the busy period.
Advice: None
Pros: The great job in korea.

Cons: Too much working hr is required
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit and good salary

Cons: Not clear job description given
Advice: None
Pros: The Breakfast lunch dinner provided.

Cons: THere are no cons really.
Advice: None
Pros: It was good to work in here

Cons: No cons that I can see
Advice: KEEP up the good work
Pros: Good pay and qork life balance

Cons: Strict atmosphere to do a research
Advice: None
Pros: Have a chance to collarborate with many equipment companies

Cons: However, there isn't much room to grow in this company. Stay to yet experience but I recommend jumping job once you have learned enough.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a good company to launch your career. Pays well and you'll learn a lot

Cons: Poor Office Environment, Poor Location
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, International Environment, Taking more responsibilities

Cons: Low pay due to being abroad
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere and modern infradtructure

Cons: Not aGile
rElucTanT tO adopT new tECh
Advice: None
Pros: gOod people, good beneFits, Good Food

Cons: There is a conservative culture.
Advice: Management is perfect.
Pros: SEC has a good sw dev. process. System is good .

Cons: No cons, all good friendly culture
Advice: None
Pros: All good no cons, good environment

Cons: seniors are not ready to talk often
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment and good for work

Cons: Less exposure to software development
Advice: Move away from maintaining software to building new ones
Pros: Good worklife balance,
 Less work

Cons: - Hard communication with counterparts in korea sometime
Advice: None
Pros: - Good work environment
- Good benefits

Cons: No options for raise. No options to talk with people in charge.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of projects You could change project.

Cons: Professionalism, lack of detail, evaluation
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, reasonable salary, global company

Cons: it’s very boring doesn’t pay well
Advice: n/a
Pros: it’s something i’m interested in

Cons: Strict top-down management, controversial organisation
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working time, commuter shuttle and 3 meals per day provided

Cons: Stable job, Not much stress unless you want to make it to the top
Advice: Should work harder on working culture, no reward system for a motivated worker
Pros: Not much motivation to work hard, basically no reward for a hard work or any achievements, Or it could be stolen by others so easily

Cons: Salaries not as expected to be grown
Advice: None
Pros: Very cooperative - energetic - excited enviroment

Cons: very complicated process. for me, it is far away
Advice: None
Pros: high salaray, good benefis, foods

Cons: Office politics can kill you sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with great environment.

Cons: Politics.  Korean culture.  Show-business.  Endless report oriented work culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits.  Food.  Health benefits.  Education support.

Cons: No appraisal for our hardwork
Advice: None
Pros: Only the friends that I have gained

Cons: -no remote option for work
Advice: None
Pros: -Internal processes
-clear work responsibilites

Cons: work life balance
aggressive management
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and peers
environment

Cons: Work-life balance should be more balanced
Advice: None
Pros: Experience at top level consumer electronics vendor

Cons: lack in work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Meals are provided for all three serves

Cons: - more strict culture comparing with other IT company
- having quite long product life cycle (around twice a year in case of mobile products)
Advice: None
Pros: - very large org, which means you can encounter lots of counter partners inside
- open to transfer other job roles if you are sick of your tasks

Cons: Salary is not upto standard.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good.

Cons: No cons. Until you are good to company, company will be good to you.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary (if one negotiates well)
Strict with company policies violation.
Timely payment of PLI, Bonus etc.
Good work ethics.

Cons: nothing everything is good about the company
Advice: None
Pros: Best team culture and good pay

Cons: - ...while other teams have terrible WLB
- Bad compensation and no carrer opportunities 
- Most of the management don't care about their projects
Advice: The whole company requires a thorough revision from top to bottom or it's bound to fall (however long that would take). Right now talented people are driven away from the company as the management doesn't seek competence, only obedience.
Pros: + Won't fire you even if you won't work
+ Some teams have very good WLB...

Cons: Sometimes stressful, lot of politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance n you'll get to learn a lot

Cons: I haven't found anything bad.
Advice: None
Pros: It's great in almost every aspect of the work.

Cons: Careers motion and salary reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Communication, Time management, Corporative events

Cons: humble infra (security, complex web services)
Advice: None
Pros: salary level better than other korean companies

Cons: none, no problems working here
Advice: None
Pros: love the job love the workers

Cons: Old style corporate culture asking reports and reports
Advice: None
Pros: Good infrastructure in campus such as cafeteria, gym, bank, and etc.

Cons: experience more work-related stress and wellbeing
Advice: None
Pros: Satisfaction and caring in the working area beside a good salary

Cons: Hierarchy structure, driven by politics
Must be proactive to progress otherwise you will get swallowed
Advice: Please stop making decision based on politics rather actual values
Pros: Great career recognition 
Good team depending which department you are working in

Cons: Good experience but bad salary
Advice: Change Egyptian management
Pros: Low salary and bad management

Cons: No cons as such i think
Advice: None
Pros: Nice experience. Nice company to start your career

Cons: Long working hours
Micro management culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary
Good bonus
Good health care

Cons: Too much paper work at every step
Advice: None
Pros: Highly supportive management and great opportunities

Cons: Stressful atmosphere
vertical structure 
harsh deadlines
Advice: Change the company culture and follow Servant Leadership guideline
Pros: Good salary and perks
Leading company in the market

Cons: Rigid flexibility, over hours, relatively low salary
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues, boss, hybrid, experience, tasks

Cons: - Limited growth opportunity
 - Project changes once or twice a year
 - Some positions are too related to manufacturing (Work is mostly based on  human force instead of knowledge)
Advice: None
Pros: - Stability
 - Nice people
 - Nice office culture
 - Nice welfare

Cons: Work hard, less time to rest.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice co-workers to discuss problems.

Cons: The pay is really low and basic. Especially working in central London, you would expect it to be a lot more. It is not even worth it when you consider travel expenses.
Advice: Show you that you value your staff through pay and reward staff for hard work more.
Pros: Nice, down to earth people that you work with. Feels like a real team environment.

Cons: Strict work culture
not great work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours
Free lunch
Good benefits

Cons: Worst management at SRI Noida
Advice: None
Pros: No Pros working at SRI Noida

Cons: They don't know how to value people in the right way
Advice: None
Pros: Very organised planning and well developed system

Cons: Not any cons, i liked working there
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice, good workplacw, like it

Cons: difficult environment to grow. Not sw company
Advice: None
Pros: Developers have a good work-life balance

Cons: No cons as of yet
Advice: None
Pros: Good Job done on training

Cons: the leakafe of compensation and innovation
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of Wage in south korea

Cons: people work too hard and level is strick
Advice: None
Pros: big giant in electronics industry

Cons: Overall its good to work there.
Advice: None
Pros: Employees are open to explore work

Cons: Long working hours. Limited parking. High turnover rate. Korean culture.
Advice: Be more generous to staffs. Please no more extreme cost down &amp; cut budget. Please do something on the pest control🐀
Pros: Free lunch. Bonus 1 year. Medical benefits. 3 months plus maternity leave.

Cons: Long working hours , all responses expected in real time in chat/messenger system.
Advice: Take care of employees work life balance.
Pros: Lots of employee benefits like free food with lots of food options, transport facilities, office Gym, indoor play options and many more.

Cons: Too much operational things to be done
Advice: None
Pros: Good to be able to learn with more senior team members

Cons: Long hours standing and can be a tiring experience

Wages too low for a long day

Too much paperwork to complete

No weekends and bank holidays are available as you work every weekend and even if you do get them e.g X-mas it is unpaid.
Advice: Please improve employee experience in the Currys stores.
Pros: Stay updated with the latest technology.

Rewards for achieving targets.

Cons: You are often looked over in favour of people in Head Office. There is a culture of acknowledgment only through getting a 100% Mystery Shop achievement. It is widely known amongst the retail staff that Head Office workers routinely are given $25 Uber Eats vouchers for lunch in acknowledgement for their hard work.

Bad Commission structure for quarterly sales.
Advice: Do more to acknowledge the people working in the trenches going out of their way to sell over $100k a quarter of products. Only got $600 after tax as a commission for a quarter after selling $100k worth of products
Pros: Great team members to work with, awesome discounts

Cons: hectic on mondays, however the fridays make up for it
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits. Manageable expectations from staff

Cons: due to size of business some procedures slow and bureaucratic
Advice: check and reduce number of procedures, due too effective proccesing of really important procedures.
Pros: friendly, technological, avg salary due to market condition, insurance &amp; bonuses

Cons: The executives don't lead the company with a long term vision for the entire company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and not too much work load

Cons: Market leading with mass production
Advice: None
Pros: Leading technologies globally as a new solution for industry as pc, mobile,  server,  datacenter and automotive.

Cons: OT OT OT OT OT Horrible culture 0 work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Work work work work work

Cons: Red tape, global approval, lack of cross functional collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, can do, very competitive remuneration

Cons: Too much papaer work and work load. Bad work and life balance. Strong hierarchical management makes you be frustrated. No respect for engineer. Manager takes all of your achievements.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, welfare, and working environment.

Cons: the deadlines are really tough
Advice: None
Pros: lots of opportunities for learning

Cons: not so bad 
far from home 
salary yeah
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: very good, welcoming, creative and nice

Cons: In my thought, nevertheless there are many talented people in the company, the HR is not managed well.
Advice: None
Pros: Good payment in south korea.

Cons: Everything is fine all okay
Advice: None
Pros: All the very best and move forward

Cons: Cultural barriers
Outdated approval systems
Long approval times
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and rewards
Organized workflow
top class pay
great leadership
Easy to maintain a good work life balance
Great culture
Work hard play hard

Cons: Training provide weekly and best opportunity
Advice: Good experience
Pros: Supporting all staff and good experience

Cons: None that I found so far
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging environment, you'll learn a lot

Cons: I have doubt whether it continutes to my career as a it developer
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary. Proper work amount

Cons: - Language concerns
- Poor management
Advice: None
Pros: - Salary
- Work life balance

Cons: Men oriented company. Diversity. Bullying
Advice: None
Pros: Paid alot.
Bonus packages 
Full health insurance

Cons: OT all the time and non competitive pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues &amp; learning opportunities

Cons: Standing at long is tiring.
Advice: None
Pros: Working hours are better than good.

Cons: less base salary, non-competitive work culture
Advice: None
Pros: can visit Korea, good meals offered

Cons: Slow growth, food was not little bit good
Advice: It's good for care to every
Pros: Benefits and increments, so helpful gir knowledge improve

Cons: Need to catch up everything fast
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, good salary. Company office is beautiful.

Cons: As the company grows in size, it becomes more conservative and does not show significant technological advances as it does not show aggressive investments. It's not a good place to advance your career while learning the latest technology.
Advice: None
Pros: Because Samsung is a strong company that has overcome great crises many times, it gives stability to its employees. Work and life balance is well maintained. Among Korean companies, the salaries are on the high side.

Cons: To much Work pressure in main line
Advice: None
Pros: You will get better benefits compare to other company.

Cons: Excess follow up and work pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary
Well defined process and culture

Cons: High pressure and performance-driven culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for on-the-job learning

Cons: late work and mentally demanding
Advice: None
Pros: good senior and working env

Cons: cultural difference  which most local could not blend with 
Advice: Make staff to understand the cultural difference 
Pros: good place to work and to build a career

Cons: Long work hours needs here
Advice: None
Pros: Good reaseaexh work done hwre

Cons: The Project given to the interns is tough and needed resources were not given.
Advice: None
Pros: The work culture is very good, Seniors are really helpful

Cons: Ntg Notinhg Nithg Nothg ntg Nothing bad
Advice: None
Pros: Good productive Well organized Faithful

Cons: Transportation was not that great
Advice: Good to work with
Pros: Nice environment to work and the team

Cons: Plenty of opportunities to improve in IT system-wise, still holds Korean seniority value..
Advice: None
Pros: Adaptive, lean management, great office, great learning from regional/global team on best practices

Cons: poor talent management, poor corporate culture
Advice: None
Pros: salary, bonuses, location, canteen, VHI, corporate mobile phone

Cons: Nothing to mention about cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work all the time

Cons: all is well nothing required change
Advice: None
Pros: nice plateform for growth of carrier

Cons: Redundant internal approval and complex internal system reduce the entire work efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Salary not bad compare to the industry

Cons: Very short break in between shifts
Pay is low considering working environement
Advice: None
Pros: The company provides a flexible job schedule

Cons: Limited involvement in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of resources in PM, development, BD, and etc.

Cons: no data sharing, target oriented, lack of emotional touch, lack of cultural values
Advice: None
Pros: Fair Salary package, Energic team members,

Cons: stress toxic bad habit and
Advice: None
Pros: good company with friendly environment

Cons: High work load
Not international culture
Advice: None
Pros: High pay
Plenty of learning opportunities

Cons: No life
Only numbers 
No Saturday 
No Sunday
Advice: Ask HO TEAM to stop making life hell.
Pros: Good brand recognition in market

Cons: staff work a lot overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Employees are proud.
Respect each other among employees

Cons: Not many cons but work life balance can improve
Advice: None
Pros: Very helpful employees with good knowledge and salary

Cons: tough on schedule
slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: technical edge
great people in site

Cons: subpar ERP, outdated systems, bad management
Advice: None
Pros: Good office environment and coffee

Cons: Work may be redundant at tomes
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Perks and work-life balance

Cons: work life balance and consistency
Advice: None
Pros: multicultural environment and potential of growth

Cons: alot isolation mgmt , alot isolation mgmt, alot isolation mgmt
Advice: None
Pros: moderate benefits ........................ moderate benefits ........................moderate benefits ........................

Cons: strict and unflexible work environment
Advice: None
Pros: competitive work environment, great colleagues, a lot of chance to lean and improve work experience

Cons: Less growth opportunities for freshers
Advice: None
Pros: Offers a decent package for freshers

Cons: High pressure and performance-driven culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great place for learning and leading project

Cons: Work hard &amp; archives All Target nd good team works
Advice: None
Pros: Good salry hike And good incentive plan

Cons: Salary not good and too much politics
Advice: None
Pros: Good company &amp; retrial company but pay is very low

Cons: quite pressure but professional environment.
Advice: None
Pros: They have document in Engineering

Cons: Over time, traditional work process and culture flexibility. Compensations and benefits for DOs not that fantastic.
Advice: Improve work process please. It could be shorten, hope that HQ in Korea could potentially review its processes to retain talents. Compensations and benefits to be reviewed yearly for DO to match full time staff.
Pros: Knowledgeable and helpful team mates.
in house starbucks with discount.

Cons: Too much concentrating on korea
Advice: None
Pros: Good portpolio for surviving in a severe competition

Cons: weak on working culture and timing
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and other allowances

Cons: Some of the things we do gets shelved.
Advice: None
Pros: There a good work - life balance.

Cons: Work-life balance strongly leaning toward the first
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic environment where to can make a difference
"Do what you can't" attitude
Amazing hard stone made team

Cons: - Management style very opaque
Advice: None
Pros: - Very qualified people in STEM field
- Time difference with Korea allows a good work life balance

Cons: Going up in terms of grade might take quite a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful colleagues, interesting projects &amp; strong but thoughtful leadership

Cons: downsizing teams often especially after covid
Advice: None
Pros: good company culture, lot of opportunities

Cons: Management lacks at some point
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation
Good food 
Good work

Cons: Career development not easy for some positions
Advice: None
Pros: Comparably high salary in Korea

Cons: big company, slow decision process
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance and compensation

Cons: Hierarchy is a lot at most departments
Advice: None
Pros: Its a big innovative company to work fo

Cons: Really have nothing to say
Advice: None
Pros: Good workspace with good colleagues

Cons: Performance pressures, aptitudes that don't match
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment and cowokers

Cons: Some people at the company do not open their mind to work, always following the old way and decide the work by feelings
Advice: The managers should open their mind in working, change the other way to manage their employees and their work more efficiently
Pros: Best place to work and learn for freshers
Learn a lot about production, management system for manufacturing

Cons: No salary, No increment, Promotion time fixed, No Technology
Advice: None
Pros: Working hours are good. You can be as lazy as possible.

Cons: High pressure, need to OT if release new product.
Advice: None
Pros: It's good for young people

Cons: Not much career growth available
Advice: None
Pros: Theres lots of nice people

Cons: Work-life balance is off sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, lot of chance to grow professionally

Cons: Bad work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, good work environment

Cons: Need more improvement in management
Advice: None
Pros: Goof environment in company surrounding

Cons: limited by hardware company. need sw culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good for work and life balance

Cons: Extremely hierarchical company that doesn’t allow to work fast.
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a multinational company that allows you to understand the world’s culture.

Cons: Indivdualistic Teams, too competitive , below average salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Big budgets, somehow structured, time to time support employees finacially

Cons: takes much time for small work , guidance is required
Advice: None
Pros: good projects  were given to us  and team was supporting

Cons: fast pace can be stressful
big gap bettwen senior and entry level positions
No HR 
small carrer progression
Advice: more benchmarking with other subs
invest in talent 
invest in building stronger teams
Pros: Good evoirment, employee discounts and flexible schedule

Cons: the organisations Culture . .
Advice: None
Pros: Great People to work with 
Good technology integration

Cons: too much pressure to make sales
Advice: None
Pros: high brand , high quality

Cons: Projects are unpredictable and erratic
Advice: None
Pros: Share work with skilled and experienced individuals

Cons: compensation is lower than market level
Advice: None
Pros: projects requires using of mathematics knowladge

Cons: Culture
Management 
Development
Too much work 
Turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Life balance
Salary 
Projects 
Customer
Reputation
Work load

Cons: high load on work esepcially for noeff ddd
Advice: None
Pros: different solutions and technologies, exp

Cons: commuting time is not adequate for me
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company with high support

Cons: so far enjoy working there
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit and work environment

Cons: Bonus depends on earnings, people aren't too enthusiastic
Advice: None
Pros: Medium salary, good benefits, and high bonus

Cons: no cons actually pretty goood yea
Advice: nohting to complain aabout really
Pros: Good new phones for staffs

Cons: You will get fun working in Samsung get also very good discount every year
Advice: They are the best for employees
Pros: It’s a very good company to learn

Cons: Too much tasks for each person
Advice: None
Pros: Can learn divers departments with lots of work

Cons: Future opportunities are dim. 
Transfers to other countries are impossible since the recruiters would not even look at you resume even if you had worked for several years but would be all noisy on LinkedIn about how welcoming they are.
Advice: Improve growth opportunities for existing employees.
Pros: Strong market share
Good on the CV

Cons: Nothing that I can remember of.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at Samsung has been good so far.

Cons: no I don't know challanging in this job
Advice: sir I am the best candidate as comparison to other candidates and I add some extra effort
Pros: well and reputed company and gain some extra knowledge as compared to other company

Cons: can be quite quiet and
Advice: NA
Pros: good place to work and grow

Cons: Strict culture as big comapny
Advice: None
Pros: Several experiences in mobile and every role has an owner and will be clear if you find that person.

Cons: nothing to complain, nothing to complain, nothing to complain nothing to complain
Advice: None
Pros: Good brand, good welfare, very energetic, good structured organisation

Cons: It was boring and the staff were rude
Advice: None
Pros: It was interesting sometimes and got to meed different clients

Cons: Big company and well prepared
Advice: None
Pros: Galaxy mobile phones and electric goods

Cons: Low salary compare to the companies that are located in Silicon Valley.
Advice: None
Pros: The company can give us some opportunities to work on the hot technology like Web, AI, and so on

Cons: Hard to climb up with the structure
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with support all over

Cons: You might be get overwhelmed with the competition to have good rating for your performance evaluatiin
Advice: Employees might get so overwhelmed just to get good rating for their performance evaluation. Please give them "mental break" if neccessary
Pros: Work environment is good.
Lots of opportunity for learning.

Cons: Everything that you can imagine is not getting in this firm
Advice: None
Pros: The best thing is really nothing.. everything is worst

Cons: Too strick envrionments and mangagement
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours and many perks

Cons: indesit ariston Samsung lg all brands
Advice: Samsung company my store lg
Pros: repair mother board washing machine and home appliance dishwasher washing machine and another

Cons: bad management at office premises
Advice: None
Pros: okay job at office premises

Cons: Technical growth Saturation Low salary and no pay parity as per industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Job security Good infrastructure Vast labs, policies very open to everyone

Cons: Unprofessional top managemet, lack of people skills, agressive
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, bonuses and overall material benefits

Cons: Employer doesn't respect to employee
Advice: None
Pros: Employee doesn't need to worry about lay-off

Cons: low base salary
TC variation
Advice: None
Pros: Good Bonus, Name value, Benefit, Culture

Cons: things are too dependent of what HQ says, salaries are low compared with the market, lack of retention of the good talent, lack of individual  development plans for the employees.
Advice: take care more of the seniors and middle levels.
Pros: Great enviroment, nice insurance (Medicover), good life/work balance, lot of opportunities if you wanna learn.

Cons: compatition between team members, career changes often
Advice: None
Pros: Brand awareness, free meals, comapany bus, low interest loan

Cons: work pressure is so high
Advice: make friendly behave with others
Pros: good environment
friendly staff
learning environment

Cons: -have the low salary range
-invests in place much more than investing in the people working there 
-high turnover rates
Advice: to stop look under there feet and try to invest more in people it will have a bis impact on the turnover rates
Pros: -have a lot to offer on the learning side.
-have advanced tech
-have strong system

Cons: trust in colleagues no sense of belonging
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work with ok pay, you will learn a lot about their products and the industry

Cons: Work after hours without extra pay
Low pay
Advice: Find ways to make the work place more human
Treat better to employees
Pros: Good environment in some areas
Excelent structure
Constant Learning

Cons: Bad management all around lots of red tape
Advice: None
Pros: None to be honest that’s really it

Cons: hard work and some distance from Capital city, seoul
Advice: None
Pros: good compensation and number 1 in electronics

Cons: - Management support is not so good
- Salary hike is less
- Other benefits are less
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent work culture.
- Nice balance between personal and professional life
- Higher managers are very nice person and supportive in all sense.

Cons: Bad upper management, very strict guidelines and messages from HQ. 
People are overworked.
No courses och trainings available, so no development. 
Managers are there only for themselves and their carrer, so not very good leaders.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool products and huge marketing and PR budget so you get to work on fun campaigns and learn

Cons: A lot of Negative pressure at work
Advice: None
Pros: Some Food and snaks at office

Cons: Hard work, often late/weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: One of the highest paying companies in Korea

Cons: Difficult / tough culture
Not people focused but results focused only
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative 
Get to work on well funded high tech innovation 
Fast moving

Cons: hard work encironemnt with strict rules
Advice: None
Pros: friendly, good, fast paste, energetic

Cons: 1. bad work life balance
2. bad company culture
3. bad working way
Advice: None
Pros: 1. good salary
2. good location
3. good people

Cons: No career path. Employees are promoted and demoted in the same year without any consideration of performance or potential. Infested with filthy politics. HR is spineless. Most RSMs are nincompoops who wag their tails in front of distributors, especially ROM. Toxic culture altogether. Management Trainees should avoid joining at any cost.
Advice: Not sure if the management here has ever heard of the term 'work culture'.
Pros: Timely credit of salary is the only positive.

Cons: Process can be difficult to follow
Advice: Great place to work, Simplify process.
Pros: Great place of work, many smart people.

Cons: Career growth opportunities may be limited depending on subsidiary/division.
Advice: Promote within.
Pros: Great people and competitive pay

Cons: Very fast paced which doesn’t suit some people
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic brand and innovative products

Cons: Micromanagement, long working hours, inflexibilities, no benefits for promoters
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is decent, people are generally nice,

Cons: Old school clock in and out system, too many ridiculous processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good perks, benefits, good working budget

Cons: Old culture of high level management, but changing.
Limited to retirement age.
Advice: Global level Salary
Pros: Good salary in Korea, High potential for more growing, Active internal job posting

Cons: No growth and no proceeding.
Advice: None
Pros: Work and life balance is good

Cons: Long working hour, effective and efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, sense belonging, great work place

Cons: Rush time and high pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent working culture and pleasant working

Cons: Reports to management are more important than innovative approaches to work. Every project must be profitable from the first quarter or it will be trashed. Criticism of demonstrably failing work practices is never welcomed. Outside of the largest flagship projects, everything is done through pure brute force of work, not intelligent strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Unique learning experiences, good access to industry, decent benefits (for Korea). Company is too big to fail.

Cons: More work load for person
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance life

Cons: may not deliver high quality products
Advice: None
Pros: great electronic company with fast pace technology

Cons: too hard work... , customer pressure
Advice: None
Pros: nice pay with pride of euv engineer

Cons: Low salary
Overtime
Low salary
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, great environment, happy place,

Cons: Far from urban area(especeially Seoul)
Advice: None
Pros: Even though short time(1-year) orgnization change happens, it's usual but not all division haven't got effect. So at least one's career and epxertise could be continued.

Cons: Highly stressful. `very fast paced
Advice: None
Pros: Good to know. fast paced work

Cons: Work pressure sometimes
work in specific module
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment
Agile Projects
Open for innovation

Cons: Best in class facility etc
Advice: None
Pros: All things are best. No Pros

Cons: political, low pay, bad package
Advice: None
Pros: lots to learn as the company is very small in london

Cons: Very strict timings, no flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Not hectic work, descent pay and benefits

Cons: Micro managing management and hardly any customers came
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues and interesting events

Cons: No career growth in testing 
unnecessary security guidelines
Advice: None
Pros: Career stability is good
good facilities

Cons: Good bad badest hates hahsush
Advice: Good working space provide you that you must learm
Pros: Have less time more efficient working system

Cons: Working hours should be localise
Advice: None
Pros: The best management &amp; work enviroment

Cons: No nothing was happened to me
Advice: None
Pros: Good behaviour of evey person

Cons: nothing ..., can not find anything to blame
Advice: None
Pros: Very good ....., best company

Cons: Low salary, too many projects
Advice: .
Pros: Free dinner, can work with reasonable people

Cons: It is greatly affected by the semiconductor cycle.
 He received about $80,000 in the fifth year, but this salary could be reduced to $50,000 if the economy is bad.
 I prefer people with high cost performance rather than treating talented people.
Advice: .Kim Ki-Nam reigned as emperor of Samsung, but is now gone
 We look forward to the success of CEO Kyung-hyeon Kye.
Pros: It is the largest company by market capitalization in Korea.
 In Korea, the salary is quite high.

Cons: Not so flexible in timing
Advice: Not much
Pros: Good company nice culture to work.

Cons: Less scope of growth in future
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of perks in company

Cons: Direction from HQ and RHQ can be difficult as not localised
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and fast pace!

Cons: very very long work hour...
Advice: None
Pros: 1st class in memory technology

Cons: Seems everyone work like a technician
Advice: None
Pros: It's hard to get fired.

Cons: I don’t know  what to do
Advice: None
Pros: Good but tiring and hard especially

Cons: The begin and finish working time
Advice: I have no idea
Pros: Many activities for employees to develop

Cons: Highly hierarchical, small groups and office politics between Koreans and non-Koreans, local employees and foreign employees, too many reporting to be done
Advice: N/A
Pros: Good IT infrastructure and support, exposure to regional markets, discounts for staff purchase

Cons: Here Hiked are very less
Advice: None
Pros: There is no work pleasure

Cons: Very strict company culture. Feels like the company doesn't care of individual's life
Advice: None
Pros: reasonable salary and good benefits such as insurances

Cons: The Romanian employees are the worst
The asked us to come back to the office during the full blown pandemic lockdown
The workload was enormous
The stress levels are unbearable
Advice: To respect what you promise your candidates when you recruit them
To let people know when you will let them go and not fire them from one day to the other
To make your employee's lives easier by better managing the business
To make sure corrupt people are not in higher management roles
Pros: The big name and titles will look good on your resume
Wide variety of learning tools

Cons: obligatory overtime
very low salaries
toxic managers and community
bad evaluation system
Advice: None
Pros: no pros at this place

Cons: Decisions are made in high level management only
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with many opportunities

Cons: Nothing special to write ...
Advice: None
Pros: Job security 
Pay hike
Food
Transport
Work balance
......

Cons: no cons to work for at all
Advice: none
Pros: good place to work for

Cons: Samsung electronics in Suwon is best job
Advice: None
Pros: Good job every morning coffee

Cons: Conservative company culture
Bad WL
Advice: None
Pros: Good organized education system
They have nice infrastructure like swimming pool , gym and field.

Cons: All things are perfect and better
Advice: Nothing advics
Pros: Company is well supported  nothing to say other words

Cons: distance to workplace, company vision
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment, planned holidays and work

Cons: you have to complete fixed hour in company irrespective of whether you have work or not.
Advice: None
Pros: work is depend on team in which you are working.

Cons: bad no no bad no
Advice: None
Pros: good yes yes yes good

Cons: Salary dislikes according to Desgination
Advice: None
Pros: Life balance and working For good place

Cons: long working hours, high pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good product, great colleague

Cons: They doesn't care about their employee
Advice: Care about your employee
Pros: Best environment to work with and good people

Cons: rigid organizational culture
too many projects
Advice: safety systems for failure
Pros: integrated experience for many semiconductor devices, such as DRAM, Flash memeory, Foundary

Cons: Not very high salary and no stock bonus.
Advice: None
Pros: Paradise, great colleagues, very supportive

Cons: too much politics
no good tech
Advice: None
Pros: No as such...bad HR policies

Cons: but also has an intense workload
Advice: None
Pros: Pros is high salary indeed

Cons: Terrible sometimes as too much effort with koreans
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work for engineers

Cons: Three is no Work life balance
Advice: Na
Pros: Samsung pays High salary and incentives

Cons: Not really work well as part time
Advice: None
Pros: Stable to work as part time

Cons: The cultural difference is sometimes a barrier
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is big on technology

Cons: Working hours are fixed (9 hours).
Advice: None
Pros: Work life schedule.
Transport service.
WFH available if you are sick

Cons: work quality is poor only debugging
Advice: None
Pros: only food and transportation nothing else

Cons: Poor Pay
Horrible Culture
Top down to the extreme
Ruthless while being out of touch
No meaningful decisions or work being done outside of the Korean HQ
Advice: Leave the extreme hierarchy structure to where in belongs in the previous century. Take some basic management courses and dedicate effort to actually valuing and developing your staff
Pros: Strong brand and products (All created at HQ)

Cons: High competitive, high-volume of work.
Advice: None
Pros: High Salary and Bonus rather than most of the other companies in Korea.
Gooe benefits

Cons: Inefficient hierarchy and directions change too often
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of research funding and opportunities to work on various topics

Cons: Poor management, slow increase in salary, too much work load
Advice: Increase salary
Pros: Shuttle, allowances, laundry, gym, korean language

Cons: They don’t allow work from home.
Long hours. 
Rigid compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Provides meals on campus, basic medical care. Salary is good by korean standards. Flexible work hours can be used regularly. Great commuter bus system.

Cons: Operation, culture, system data, people management
Advice: None
Pros: Well organized structure, team work

Cons: Too much work, long commute time from Seoul
Advice: None
Pros: Above average salary, flexible work time, meals provided

Cons: Environment Culture Working long hours
Advice: N/A
Pros: Technology Global team Profitable business

Cons: - a vertical corporate culture
- Uninteresting tasks focused on commercialization of products
Advice: None
Pros: - Various job positions
- Work Balance better than before

Cons: Limits career to be narrow
Advice: None
Pros: No worry to be fired due to Korean strong labour law.

Cons: Not Bad, great food, awsome
Advice: None
Pros: Nice job, and Nice people

Cons: Problem with Salary increment in Samsung
Advice: Please look after increment  of employees.
Pros: Lots of incentives 
Happy to sale n help customers. 
Happy to handle  services. 
Time to time Bonus ,Incentives,  Salary.

Cons: Time consuming
Flexibility of hours was not it
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was good
Friendly people

Cons: Culture is not good and you will not learn
Advice: None
Pros: less working hours and work life balance

Cons: Lots of work and stress, Bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Good reputation in Korea, Relatively high salary in Korea, Great welfare

Cons: Night work and work condition
Advice: Good
Pros: Hard working but good compensation

Cons: Lack of real human resources leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, great platform to work with allies

Cons: Toxic working environment 
Company more valued than the person 
People are just a numbers
Advice: None
Pros: International company 
Dynamic and challenging work

Cons: None to be honest great company
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Discounts discount discounts very great

Cons: Cannot eat outside when lunch..need get hod permission first
Advice: Need do flexible
Pros: Free meal provide to you everyday

Cons: less job security u have to work hard
Advice: None
Pros: many pros including high salary

Cons: low salary and the culture is little bad
Advice: None
Pros: it is not bad company for all aspect

Cons: Not great software engineering for product features
Advice: None
Pros: Edge technology innovation in products

Cons: Americans/European/Arabics are paid more than Asians (Indian, Filipinos, and other Asians)
Advice: Promote equality in races when it comes to salaries
Pros: Korean Boses are nice people

Cons: no respect to the employee, stressful work
Advice: None
Pros: good compensation packages, good benefits

Cons: little care of staff benefit and welfare
Advice: to listen more to staff
Pros: nice colleague
nice colleague
nice colleague
nice colleague
nice colleague

Cons: Spending alot of time on computer
Advice: None
Pros: Comfortable place 
Having the enough services to learn

Cons: Work life balance and driving can be long
Advice: None
Pros: Great products to sell people have confidence in them

Cons: Very poor corporate culture. Long working hours and toxic environment
Advice: None
Pros: Bonus is very good extra money in general

Cons: Work load of the company
Advice: None
Pros: Very advanced and respectful company.

Cons: Some executives are just pure stupid to communicate
Advice: Open up. Listen and get honest feedbacks
Pros: Good smart mutual benfecial partners

Cons: Poor Remote work and flexibility policy
Advice: None
Pros: Good Place to work and learn

Cons: work pressure
learning opportunities
repetitive work 
poor event management
Advice: None
Pros: career growth is good
work culture is good
Hike is good
management is good
Team building is good

Cons: Toxic work Culture
Long Hours including weekends
Develop Bad Health
Back stabbing
Racisms
Toxic Nepotism
White Privileges in senior roles
Anxiety Attacks
Heart Attacks
Headaches
Nausea 
Paranoid 
Mutual Separation Agreement can come any Day
Not transparent
Red Tape - need aprroval for everything I MEAN EVERYTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!
Black people do not last there 
Mental Health Issues
Self Doubt
Need therapy after you resign so you learn to trust people and see past the damage that enviroment does on you.
You need to do a documentary on Samsung Ex Employee in Bryanston Head Office !!!!!!
Advice: Stop acting like it did not happen when it did you break people ! And have broken people and act like it never happened
Pros: Salary
Medical - Aid
Travel (Local &amp; International)
Incentives

Cons: Contractor work for most employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonuses twice a year

Cons: Worse payments in comparision with companies around
Advice: None
Pros: Giving chance for people without experiences
Traveling accros countries for business trips
Good teambuildings and events

Cons: None to give 10/10 very good
Advice: None
Pros: Good collaborative professional kind team work

Cons: Low salary and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good management and work environment

Cons: When I worked at here, it was something tough to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and office.
Salary is not bad than other company.

Cons: It has no long term milestone and vision.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hour is useful.

Cons: Team politics, Bad work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good workspace, Free Food, Free transport

Cons: Nothing as of now. Will share if any
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Here Work life balance is good

Cons: Unfortunately, no career path and very poor HR.
Employees tend to leave the company because of that.
Advice: Do not lose your talents over HR's alleged arbitrary practices. After all, we have extraordinary people.
Pros: Working with exceptional people and various technologies. 
Multicultural environment.
Within the right area, global project opportunities.

Cons: culture is not so great
Advice: None
Pros: company brand reputation is there

Cons: low pay , increment less than 5%
Advice: None
Pros: great company benefits , such as free ice cream , get off on the dot day etc, employee purchase program for Samsung devices

Cons: Nothing really appears to my mind
Advice: None
Pros: I love the peoples attitude

Cons: No year end holiday, less competitive salary increment
Advice: None
Pros: The opportunity to learn is amazing, work life balance, Overall perfect place to learn.

Cons: - Hetic schedule
 - Good working environment 
 - Very good benefits millon dollar salary
 - Good pay great benefits package
 - Good company with good colleagues
Advice: None
Pros: - Good company good salary good people 
 - Good working environment 
 - Very good benefits millon dollar salary
 - Good pay great benefits package
 - Good company with good colleagues

Cons: All good just more work
Advice: None
Pros: Perfect to work for i india

Cons: Strict culture for the s/w engineering
Advice: None
Pros: A nice company to commute

Cons: Treat their employees well and the team leaders to stop stealing the promoters salary
Advice: None
Pros: They give out very good products

Cons: lack benefits poor career growth
stressful workloads
Advice: None
Pros: one of the company that is best for gaining exprrience and skills

Cons: hierarchical company with rough drinking culture
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits including healthcare, meals, etc

Cons: - short wage
- lack of motivation to work harder
Advice: Hard workers deserve more wage
Pros: - flexible working hours
- provides a variety of foods from breakfast to dinner

Cons: Lesser CTC and work hour not flexible .
Advice: None
Pros: Quick hiring process. Urban location.

Cons: Slow salary increase in the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience for a starter

Cons: Too much internal bureaucracy and work time control.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work on deep research tasks.

Cons: still have traditional Korean culture. especially in sales teams
Advice: None
Pros: work and lifebalance with money

Cons: Poor work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Overall compensation is good, and can learn lots of design &amp; verification process for application processor development.

Cons: Unfair rewards, lack of vision from supervisor
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is not higher than others in Korea but it covered by profit sharing

Cons: No cons at student job.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and nice people!

Cons: Nothing for the this cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good enviroment for the new employee

Cons: Too tight security policy which is hurdle for their product development.
Less career opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Average wages in Korea. Decent benefits

Cons: not global. lot of performance reviews are based on seniority not personal performance
Advice: None
Pros: nice welfare. systematic workplace. company is like one big machine

Cons: Lots of office politics there. People at higher position fire and rated employee badly for securing there job. Oppotunities and growth provided only to the favourites people. Management is not good. At the time of covid managers fire the employees at lower level for securing their job without any reason.
Advice: None
Pros: Good package is provided to freshers .

Cons: security issue is annoying for sw development
Advice: None
Pros: many facilities in company (bank, pharmacy, hospital...)

Cons: Internal Culture specifically Korean culture
Advice: None
Pros: Global Leadership in multiple products

Cons: Bonuses 
Communication 
Travel 
Offices
Stationery 
Meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Good people 
Great building 
Good boss
Fun work place
Comms

Cons: Small compnay and its subsidiary of securities
Advice: Recommend to work if you work in derivitives mkt
Pros: Work balance and pay
And not too much for pressure form management

Cons: Workload is alot as it changes by time
Advice: None
Pros: benefit is good for the employees

Cons: Actual work may move quite rapidly due to the nature of the R&amp;D setting with requests appearing at any time.
Advice: None
Pros: Management is really good with considering the sentiments of employees and improving workplace culture. Benefits are also pretty good.

They provide paid trainings and certifications which are good if you want to pursue more specializations.

Cons: bad work life balance for some teams, slow HR, direction heavily depending on HQ, very demanding
Advice: care employees as if your family
Pros: decent pay, good learning, top notch products, employee discount, internal opportunities

Cons: Office politics unhappy environment and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Free meal sick leave benefit

Cons: New challenges and new chances
Advice: i am an positive person, good knowledge.
Pros: This is a good working environment.

Cons: Master - slave relation with HQ people.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly atmosphere and environment with Polish colleagues.

Cons: nothing bad, all good, nothing, nothing
Advice: None
Pros: good, everything, good, good, good

Cons: Would like to cover more themes
Advice: None
Pros: learning a lot about developing android apps

Cons: working hours can be overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: management is very friendly, canteen has great food, very cheap. Beautiful area

Cons: long standing hour as its a promoting job
Advice: None
Pros: decent basic plus commission good for student

Cons: I don't see any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance. Interesting projects. Possibility to learn new things. Stable job

Cons: On time sent your report
Advice: None
Pros: many benefits in this company

Cons: Inflexible working culture and rigid systems
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay master and big name

Cons: work time, work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: great team, high salary, good food, speed, young

Cons: Pretty busy during the office hours, and even after when you are at your home
Advice: They are doing good
Pros: People work hard and you will be able to develop yourself quickly

Cons: Nice team working, Supportive management
Advice: None
Pros: Nice,good,better, amazing, fabulous and interesting

Cons: Pros listed above might be challenging for some employee
Advice: None
Pros: Work hard, competitive, passionate, fast moving forward culture

Cons: It is a hard and harsh
Advice: None
Pros: it is the best place to work for career

Cons: As most of the hands-on job are outsourced and "low-cost", the outsourced partners are hard to control. Pop-up issue on complaint from customer are hard to solve as no partner(s) are willing to help you because of low income.
No sick leave for full time staff.
Advice: Better to provide higher salary level and benefits.
Pros: Very stable job environment.
All project/work are solved together.

Cons: Long working days in office
Advice: None
Pros: The people are fantastic always work together

Cons: It’s very very good company
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best company

Cons: Partcularly i dont feel any cons here.
Advice: None
Pros: I love work culture and carrier opportunities provided by samsung

Cons: The culture still needs to be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits like free meals

Cons: salary is low. required 9 hours of working per day.
Advice: None
Pros: work office in Hanoi. good environment

Cons: Too much hectic work pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Good to work for freshers

Cons: pretty hierarchical comnay, very slow processes
Advice: None
Pros: Medical insurance, discount for products and discount for gym-

Cons: Weak, old projects, no elastic work etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Good life benefits like life insurance and private medical care

Cons: The company is conservative and has few opportunities for growth. The salary is rather small.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is stable and has good year-end performance-based pay. It provides a variety of welfare.

Cons: So many people and far away from city
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and good payment

Cons: Unfair treatment to Korean expats if same job grade /title.
Advice: None
Pros: Work loads, average compensation and good medical coverage

Cons: workload, otherwise it is good MNC
Advice: None
Pros: Transport , food, medical, office, Brand

Cons: I think there’s some conservative cultures
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to start your career

Cons: Higher management is not at all flexible.
None of the decisions made are towards employees wellbeing rather just to role out rigid guidelines that are running from ages.
Advice: Think out of the box !
Pros: Business trips to different countries

Cons: 1. long hours
2. poor management
3. CEO is from South Korea
Advice: Samsung is very generous to give manager title to everyone. 
The person called the manager here is not the manager you normally think of.
Pros: 1. just a little higher pay than industrial average
2. generous staff discount

Cons: organizational culture- long process for approvals
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary- live workplace- gender equality

Cons: Less learning chance and small store
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and good cooperate

Cons: Production floor conditions are a bit challenging as they need to wear apron and gloves with mask for working in as well as no social and global connectivity available as production floor area.
Advice: NA
Pros: Learning environment, Supportive management , Korean Expacts are supportive and give chance to learn and explore

Cons: Extreme internal politics and changes every now and then!
Unreasonable expectations from employees!
Advice: Please look into employees mental well-being
Pros: Good pay to keep you moving forward

Cons: Over burden with work all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Research work was amazing and excellent

Cons: Very poor benefits : 

- No paid sick leave 
- the employee is required to back office even sick and can only leave company 2 hours earlier for seeing doctor 
- stubborn business management
Advice: Really need to think how to improve
Pros: MNC Branded, Use latest gadget for free

Cons: more bonus, more salary and so on
Advice: None
Pros: team work, work life balance

Cons: Poor management, Micro management and long hrs
Advice: change of attitude towards work
Pros: experience that will open more doors. Big name in the industry

Cons: a lot of smart people
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment with a lot of smart people

Cons: No cons according to me
Advice: Wonderful
Pros: Wonderful,work culture , good promotion

Cons: Office politics , never let them know that you are willing to change team or company, invest energy in work which is appreciated and not in everything.
Advice: None
Pros: Timely salary, some team has less work, etc.

Cons: * Lack of IT service development ability
* Lack of vision in IT service area
Advice: None
Pros: * Various benefits
* Huge campus including hospital, playgrounds, ball park, shopping center, and so on.
* Generous working hours (it depends on case by case)

Cons: No flexibility, stressing, to much process
Advice: None
Pros: Benefit, Salary, Compensation, Office Locations, Co Workers

Cons: security policies and salary not up to that mark
Advice: None
Pros: good worklife balance, and culture and facilities

Cons: Low salary increment.
Promotion is based on favoritism.
Political environment.
You will be asked to do a lot of non valuable activities.
Managers are sick.
Nothing to learn here.
Job switch will be a headache.
Advice: None
Pros: Full AC equipped production plant.
Job security.
Work life balance.

Cons: Alot of travelling if you have a large area
Advice: Better wages for travel time
Pros: Manage own schedule going store to store

Cons: Having a very narrow roles and responsibilities unless directing level as a large enterprise. Hard to communicate with decision making level, taking ages to get it done.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits along side transportation, free meals, flexible working time, etc

Cons: Not sure about its business prospect in the long-term.
Advice: I believe that management needs to be evaluated with long-term focused metrics.
Pros: Obviously, its work culture is improving.

Cons: Horrendous internal systems and processes - the company builds brilliant hardware, but struggles with software, and struggles with any Services (apps, Samsung Pay, insurance etc).

Some very challenging interpersonal behaviors, which wouldn't normally be accepted in other businesses.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, discounted product, subsidized lunch. A fascinating business, with some great products.

Cons: To many structure, takes long decision
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to boost your start career

Cons: Sometimes too much work happening
Advice: None
Pros: Good amount of salary increase

Cons: very racist and unprofessional organization
Advice: be fair to all nationalities ,  site management team needs to be professional
Pros: good salary as per market value

Cons: there should be more employee benifits
Advice: None
Pros: very good work culture in patna

Cons: long working hours with balances employees
Advice: Give employees the freedom to fail
Pros: Good company and lot of learning opportunities and experiences.

Cons: Improve human resources department payment must be on time
Advice: Make people permanent
Pros: Staff management
Transport
Safety time

Cons: It is not much salary
Advice: None
Pros: time and work life balance

Cons: - learning is so limited to Samsung way of working
Advice: None
Pros: - good benefits and salary

Cons: Korean Culture + Old Fashion Management
Advice: Shpuld encourage creativity and cooperation
Pros: Global Environment and benefits for employees

Cons: below average compensation
slow reaction for market
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with big opportunity for employees

Cons: Technically, it has low market shares.
Advice: None
Pros: best options for ic designer in korea

Cons: Tough work loads and life balance
Advice: Share transparent goal and progress
Pros: High salaries and profits share system

Cons: Fiering competition and high pressure corresponding to high sallery
Advice: None
Pros: High sallery and additional support (e.g. employee can use various the facilites the company offers.)

Cons: I work a lot as they pay me alot
Advice: Good job guys keep it up
Pros: They pay a lot so I'm satisfied

Cons: Salaries are lower than expected
Advice: None
Pros: Highly known and proactive company

Cons: Low salary Hard work Overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Good welfare Good Technology coworker

Cons: no negative feedback aat all
Advice: None
Pros: very happy with company always working well

Cons: Too much working hours, don't have many holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work, job timing is good

Cons: No work life balance and hard work
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, location and teammates

Cons: no cons are there as i seen
Advice: None
Pros: good beautiful environment happy client

Cons: Can't really say anything bad
Advice: None
Pros: - Well organised
- Nice environment

Cons: work balance is not good
Advice: None
Pros: the best welfare follows you

Cons: No respect for employees. Incompetent management
Advice: .
Pros: high name value in South Korea.

Cons: The compensation won't increase that high given the amount of works and responsibilities you are put upon. This is especially true for more experienced engineers.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung was a great place to work as a junior SWE. The expectation for first year engineers was pretty low, and most of the senior engineers were very lenient on the juniors' performance. So I enjoyed the slow start beginning the career as SWE.

Cons: - Do the same work repeatedly because of unclear direction
Advice: None
Pros: - Good pay and good welfare

Cons: highly complex processes, limited career advancement
Advice: None
Pros: size, scale, global reach, stability

Cons: The did not give you a week off on holidays , weekend especially Sunday, Saturday,Friday
Advice: None
Pros: Love the work culture  , great team work, work life family life balance

Cons: requires a lot of Overtime, have to work according to the Korean officials
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive Environment, Great Learning, Management skills

Cons: Lots of process for simples things
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, innovation, technology driven

Cons: WLB is not easy in some departments
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits in Korea

Cons: The work culture could be better, there were a lot of overtime and unnecessary meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, you get lots of extras above salary.

Cons: Strongly hierarchical management, centralised operations by Korean HQ
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and benefits, opportunities to develop within a huge matrix organisation

Cons: Busy, Stress, bad communication, inefficient competition
Advice: None
Pros: Nice reward, fun works, learn many knowledges

Cons: Cant think of any cons for the company
Advice: None
Pros: Alot to learn from lot of employees

Cons: It required too much hard work.
Advice: None
Pros: it was really very amazing.

Cons: Time constraints
Little or No room for promotion 
No good salary scheme
Advice: Put more effort in employees general welfare and time feasibility 
Also, they can do better in terms of payment
Pros: Fast paced customer service industry
Tech and innovative 
Good worker-employer relationship
Lots of incentive

Cons: Face pacing working culture sometimes can be stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: The office location and people working here are awesome

Cons: the slow procedure, high liquidlity of employment
Advice: None
Pros: multi-culture and cool brand story

Cons: - korean management
- complicated, limiting processes
- impossible to act fastly, long process
Advice: None
Pros: - people
- payroll
- possibility to grow

Cons: Need to be best on planning
Advice: None
Pros: Highly process and data oriented company,

Cons: Work under hard pressure, less flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: Comparably generous benefits (Lunch, car allowance, bonus scheme etc.)

Cons: there is no downside i think ...
Advice: None
Pros: salary, location, reputation, career, people

Cons: Mostly Chinese in a Chinese speaking culture. Top down management. Difficult to grow under this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Job scope is relatively easy and manageable. Easy to get other job if you work in this company before.

Cons: - slow in decision making
Advice: - agility is required
Pros: - food and transport excellent
- many learning opportunities

Cons: have to improve employee benefits
Advice: None
Pros: the brand, competitive monetary benefits vs. in the industry

Cons: No growth present in this place
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work and tag name

Cons: - core value or vision (in terms of software engineer)
- profit sharing
Advice: None
Pros: - work &amp; life balance
- diversity

Cons: - Stiff atmosphere
- not much opportunity for junior
Advice: None
Pros: - Organized system
- Great monetary compensation

Cons: No path for outsource staff
Advice: None
Pros: Well-Known MNC, recognized in world wide

Cons: Less Skill Development 
Less Training
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
Good Work Life 
Good Food
Good Gifts
Good Discount

Cons: Not found any cons yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work - life balance

Cons: No such cons in this job profile
Advice: None
Pros: Salary on time , no delay in paying

Cons: HW engineers are the best here
Advice: None
Pros: good salaries, good co-workers, nice restaurant

Cons: Red tapes
No employee well being check
High nepotism
Advice: Look after your employee
Pros: Pay rate is okay to stay back

Cons: too big company, lots of decision making for single item.
Advice: None
Pros: can experience various products &amp; services

Cons: HR totally unprofessional unethically they deceive the candidates as they ask about previous salary to give you + 30% maximum, however the company wages was double the market
annual raise not depend on performance just show up
Advice: Audit &amp; control on Egyptian managers as when they have authority they act like Gangs
Pros: Good environment, Good benefits, Great experience

Cons: Few day offs, conservative atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: Provides 3 delicious meals a day, many opportunity of education

Cons: not a lot of innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Company is boring, so enjoying work really depends on how great your team is.

Cons: Not employee friendly
Factory-like policies of fixed entry time
Made employees come to office even during peak COVID waves, only stopped during Lockdowns
Run by old timers in company, lacks fresh ideas
Advice: Make company more employee friendly
Bring in talent from other industries
Pros: Great products 
High budgets for marketing 
Good salary and bonus packages

Cons: Technical or information from HQ.
Most task is collected your competitor's information.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice talk with your boss.
Good commuication with your colleague.

Cons: Projects are not interesting as it was few years ago
Advice: None
Pros: Great people at work are main pros

Cons: Management, micromanagement, lack of opportunity, communication
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, people, Carrer, location, technology.

Cons: none as per my experience
low growth curve
Advice: None
Pros: brand name is good
transportation facility

Cons: g o o o d
Advice: very g o o d
Pros: there is a good culture

Cons: Korean culture and hierarchy driven
Advice: None
Pros: Best in the tech industry. Fat pay package

Cons: Employee respect employee nature joking
Advice: Can do better if learshop is good
Pros: Good work service attention to detail

Cons: Management need to improve on how they treat the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary with onsite opportunity

Cons: Have to spend more time..after the working hour..
Advice: Please to talk to the downline people what they are facing the problem..it can resolved r not..
Pros: People are welled experts and good with socially with others

Cons: No work life balance. 70 hours a week a norm and working on weekends a routine
Advice: None
Pros: Great package and benefits. International traveling and training programs and global learnings.

Cons: Hard work and good process so some people confuse their real competency from what are given by the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Hard work and good process to ship impactful consumer products

Cons: Poor worklife balance and super micro management style.
Advice: Reward the peons according to performance
Pros: The great work experience comes with endless opportunities to work.

Management always reward hardwork with more work opportunities.

Cons: Bonus is major portion of salary, no expertise
Advice: None
Pros: high salary, massive system, good for experiences

Cons: Long hours, excessive management reporting
Advice: Need to solve too much politics within the company
Pros: Commute buses are great, full day kitchens

Cons: Really bad corporate culture. 90% of Senior employees are either Korean or Korean expats. 
Very difficult to book time off, no work-life balance. The managers just want “yes men”
Advice: Increase diversity at senior level. 
Understand the value of work-life balance as I’m sure this will reduce the rate of staff turnover.
Pros: Discounts for Samsung products is good.

Cons: work only for your boss, lack of directions
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, good salary compared to the others

Cons: Nothing too bad. Bosses are ok too. Probably not very steep learning curve (not sure if it's good or bad thing) and perhaps the pay package is a not too attractive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning ground, policy and processes well established. Used to be able to travel every month for business trip with per diem allowances. Stress level was normal.

Cons: too much work
broken salary system
Advice: None
Pros: No. 1 in the world of semiconductors

Cons: not good pay and I live long
Advice: None
Pros: I love samsung very good job

Cons: Salary, culture, people, policy, security
Advice: None
Pros: Food, transport, diwali gift, bonus

Cons: too many business and members to focus to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung generate stable profits every year. welfare for this company seems good

Cons: more work, korean work culture, , more work, fun, best team
Advice: None
Pros: Good, more work, fun, best team

Cons: Hierarchial. There is a lot of pressure on employees
Advice: None
Pros: Knowledgable and hard working colleagues

Cons: Hierarchal decision making system. 
Limited career development opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Work place to start with early stage working.
Good infrastructure for global business.

Cons: As such I have not seen any major cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, learning,  growth,  exposure

Cons: You alwase need aproval for document to read
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment is very good

Cons: Meeting targets was a little annoying but not bad
Advice: None
Pros: Free devices and nice team members

Cons: No recognition no promotion high target
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits good environment and people

Cons: C level's decisions are not giving any motivation to me.
Advice: None
Pros: Working with good colleagues who are well educated gives me benefits.

Cons: male dominated, bureaucratic, not great development opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: able to use products, fun, good networking

Cons: No work from home provided
Advice: None
Pros: Perks, discount coupon, comfortability in work

Cons: Extra work no free time and low wages also
Advice: Management can improve by providing good infrastructures
Pros: Good working environment and friendly nature of all colleagues

Cons: the pay is quite low
Advice: None
Pros: Business trips are cool here

Cons: Work not that good. Can be improved.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, employee friendly

Cons: Support this company you are my family
Advice: You doing weel
Pros: Hard work and get sussed

Cons: There is too much work.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation &amp; benefits were good.

Cons: Rare to find a place like that
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment to work with

Cons: Only cons are there worst company
Advice: Improve your quality
Pros: Nothing is there as pro

Cons: coding should know very good
Advice: None
Pros: very hard working company work

Cons: red tapes, very top down approach
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn and grow

Cons: Bad target and bonus scheme- individual target sometimes higher than the entire phone branch working in
Advice: Need for more management intervention
Pros: Get to go on training in London, go to launches etc, good products, manager was excellent but the company overall wasn’t that great to work for day to day.

Cons: limited professional growth as a foreigner
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work abroad

Cons: No negative comments until now
Advice: None
Pros: Manages well all the sales

Cons: FIFO, Using SAP SD, MS-EXCEL is must.
Advice: no idea about to say
Pros: Working Culture is very Excellent and To gathering Experience very good with Friendly Employees

Cons: Pay is not comparable to similiar size companies
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworkers, easy to talk to people and get to know people

Cons: None specific enough to call out
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, engaging company and friendly environment

Cons: One needs to understand the Korean culture deeply
Advice: None
Pros: A good place to work and thrive

Cons: Slow processes, conservative, fast staff turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working, positive environment, great colleagues

Cons: Chaotic and stressful enviroment to work. Overtime is must.
Advice: None
Pros: International, great company. For Turkey standards they pay not bad.

Cons: No such yet for working as QA,
Advice: None
Pros: Good work enviroment for one to work.

Cons: Give opportunities to learn more and go forward
Advice: None
Pros: it's a great place to work

Cons: Nothing as of now .
Advice: None
Pros: free food with multi vender support

Cons: Too much pressure to solve the problem.
Advice: None
Pros: Have a good system in RnD.

Cons: Under paid compare to local market.
Advice: None
Pros: Close to where I live

Cons: R&amp;R is always changed.
There is less opportunities to grow as an engineer
Advice: None
Pros: there are lots of commute buses.
free meal, and its quality is good.
there are many chances to get a new job

Cons: Nothing such bad thing I found for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for freshers to start a career

Cons: nothing i think, everything is good
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work with

Cons: Everything In the company is bad
Advice: Adopt industry culturr
Pros: Nonthing worthy to be called as pro

Cons: Low salary, culture, management poor
Advice: None
Pros: Work and Life balance is good

Cons: None as far as i am concerned
Advice: None
Pros: Good growth opportunities. Lots of trainings

Cons: Shifts are there for most of the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Working hours are fixed , overtIme is given

Cons: Big company less chance, changing but still rigid culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good place to learn tech.

Cons: Hard comunication with team and headquarter
Advice: None
Pros: Reseanoable payment and bonuses, good balance work and personal life

Cons: - People tend to misuse lenient senior management and go rogue, giving others in the team extra burden
- Relatively less pay growth compared to peer companies
Advice: None
Pros: - Innovation
- Friendly environment
- Caring HR
- Timely feedback
- Good learning curve

Cons: - a little sticky working culture
- V.P decide and drive all kinds of work
- Security policy decrease work efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Salary , Profit sharing bonus Usually 50% of salary of year
- Secure Job position

Cons: you have to overcome competition with steady efforts
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is a rational, developmental, and harmonious organization.

Cons: Not a great work space
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty Good company to work

Cons: Over Audits, micro management, centralized decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Pay scale, cash rich, process driven

Cons: Very top down with limited flexibility in what you can do and effect,
Advice: None
Pros: International exposure working with colleagues across the world.

Cons: Not much learning as it is an established company
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Business trips
Flexible working hours

Cons: Many things. Not much holidays. Everyday is overtime.
Advice: None
Pros: No1 company in Korea. So if you want to move to South Korea. It can be good choice.

Cons: Poor increment. Not enough growing opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Some extra bonuses. Friendly, Good work culture.

Cons: At times a very fast paced environment which meant late nights and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Was a pleasure working at Samsung, the people the perks and work

Cons: Sometimes must OT because miss the deadline
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and good environment

Cons: Workload sometimes can be a bit much
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible work experience, colleagues and infrastructure

Cons: No flexible working hours for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Love the people and the management

Cons: Working weekends as it’s retail
Advice: No
Pros: Great perks free phone and headphones

Cons: Culture of burnout
Too much bureaucracy, long and inefficient processes
Severely under-resourced
Bullying, sexism and racism are discussed, but never actioned, bullies are thriving.
Advice: Treat employees like humans, not numbers.
Set fair objectives for sellers and give them the resource to achieve results.
Pros: Working with smart and hard working people.

Cons: Long working hour even on weekend or public holiday depends on the role assigned
Advice: Review staff benefits on OT rewards
Pros: Good platform for fresh grad to learn and widen knowledge, advance system that could bring clear visibility on biz movement.

Cons: Day starts very early for everyone there at 7am.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture now. Not like earlier

Cons: Heavy work load and work life not balanced
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good team

Cons: work super hard. What ever you though, its beyonds your imagine.
Advice: None
Pros: Well organized work flow and competitive salary

Cons: Prisoners in a well, surviving means you swallow your pride and principles and just abide
Advice: Listen to the ground
Pros: Good benefits for full time employee

Cons: Very rigid in terms of process and system
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture is very good

Cons: -Not friendly environment
-Luck of experience in Management
Advice: Support all stages at work
Pros: -Discounts on products 
-Nice office

Cons: hard working with very high-pressure
Advice: take care of employees' mental health
Pros: Good salary and the reputation

Cons: Not much career development or progression
Advice: None
Pros: Being at the heart of a giant electronics company

Cons: Nothing in particular to say
Advice: No Advice
Pros: Good working environment and friendly staff

Cons: Poor management but care for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, growth opportunities

Cons: - Salary is not good
- Takes a long time to be promoted
Advice: None
Pros: - Chance to go abroad

Cons: Salary review is worst than others
Advice: None
Pros: Research, management, stress-free, work environment

Cons: Low work and life balance. Too many report
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung has very strong process internal and well organized. Can learn and experience how to business going.

Cons: Work hours are too long
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work culture and ethics

Cons: Long periods of time on the road, and sometimes hotels would be skimped out on.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team energy creates great work environment, great company benefits, hotels, expenses covered ect

Cons: The management is not very appropriate
Advice: None
Pros: There is low work pressure comparatively

Cons: Not so hard and thing
Advice: None
Pros: It was very nice yah

Cons: None. Nice all thing but pay scale is less
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to work here. Nice policies

Cons: Hard work and hard training
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone knows samsung and
High quality products.

Cons: too much politics makes a waste of your energy
Advice: None
Pros: good welfare even 3 times free meals

Cons: There are many old-fashioned cultures.
Advice: I wish there was more young culture.
Pros: It pays a lot of salary.

Cons: Executive positions always have a korean mirror position, no trust in locals. Limited decision power or space to create, you are there mostly to execute what they want. Korean employees are treated differently.
Advice: Change is too slow
Pros: Stable, still growing, hi tech

Cons: Nothing , not seen yet
Advice: None
Pros: Good company , good culture

Cons: Long working hours, Company culture
Advice: More salary and work and life balance
Pros: good salary and nice working environment

Cons: Far from Seoul,
Hard to develop personal career strength
Advice: None
Pros: High salary for engineering field in Korea

Cons: Management had no power with it.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee centric facilities and infra.

Cons: the job was great i need to get into my account
Advice: None
Pros: the job was great excellent so good

Cons: bas work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and name value

Cons: Too many reports
Too strict hierarchy
Lack of diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Brand name value
Great people to work with
Not bad salary

Cons: People hours job career prospects
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible salary people location job

Cons: Toxic work culture and environment
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity for global experience and growth

Cons: Work life balance could use some improvements.
Advice: Spend more time with team building and let your employees know family is important.
Pros: Great place to work with solid benefits and potential.

Cons: Progression is veey limited and they normally look externally to fill vacancies
Advice: Avoid the high turn over
Pros: An easy job to learn and perform

Cons: hard work. no work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: nice people, nice salary and etc

Cons: Work culture is very hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: Global company with exposure to different markets

Cons: The company is very strong and famous in the world.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good experience to work with samsung because that have very strong system and very nice friends.

Cons: Nothing so far. Positive only
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive, empathetic management. Cares for the employees

Cons: there are no negative points
Advice: None
Pros: Very good working culture here

Cons: Nothing to say at all
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, lots of things to learn

Cons: Not enough wage
No Cons to add
Advice: Keep going
Pros: good environment
Maybe will not bankrupt

Cons: Culture not to try new technology and product
Advice: None
Pros: Good to develop your experience

Cons: Could not find any cons of working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Low workload, good work-life balance.

Cons: None from the top of my head
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, benefits, leaves, culture

Cons: Customers can be rude, overtime not paid enough,
Advice: None
Pros: Good job, nice staff, friends people, positive

Cons: No Growth for RSO profile
Advice: . . . . .
Pros: Good company to work there

Cons: hard reviews
goes only as per system
Advice: can be more employee friendly to remove the fear factor from employees mind
Pros: system oriented organization, global identity, latest products

Cons: No cons for the company
Advice: None
Pros: On time salary, good working environment

Cons: the load is large need to have enough skill
Advice: the management is quite transparent
Pros: quite ok for salary .

Cons: Political leaders, particularly in RHQ
Work Life balance
Unfair promotion practice
Blame Game
Incompetent Leaders
Advice: I think they should start to reevaluate leaders, particularly HR leaders, subsidiary and rhq
Pros: Bonus
Company brand
Nothing else
Nothing else
Nothing else

Cons: Low pay and low work&amp;life balance
Advice: None
Pros: it is close from home.

Cons: Too much working hour, and unfair evaluation.
Advice: None
Pros: Relatively high income, for a domestic company.

Cons: Unpredictable changes in senior management
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are good such as discounts.

Cons: The management only sees you as al number
Advice: Look after the staff under you because they are the ones on the front lines
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Ok ok it was good environment
Advice: None
Pros: It was normal working experience.

Cons: - The biggest issue comes from top management. No long-term vision or organizational plan shared by leaders, only focusing on short term numbers, treating employees as pieces on a chess board
- Micromanagement from HQ for every single target number and KPIs
- No work and life balance, long working hour required even in the weekend or holidays
Advice: .
Pros: - Competitive salary &amp; bonus scheme

Cons: Organization is large and inflexible.
Advice: None
Pros: Occupational stability is high ans secure.

Cons: Flexibility in choice of work can be improved.
Advice: None
Pros: Super-friendly seniors who motivate you to work hard and smart.

Cons: Work centric, army rule, stressed environment to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing too good about it.

Cons: too much work and officice is too far from the city
Advice: None
Pros: the industry is very upbit in the futures

Cons: None at all, there's none
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at

Cons: Management was not upto the mark
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great environment and fun

Cons: Top to down decision making , sometimes it could be hard to implement your own ideas.
Advice: To collect more talents' diverse ideas , it ends up making this giant grow better.
Pros: High visibilities internationally and a good company reputation to help career exploration.

Cons: evolution, balance work / personal life
Advice: None
Pros: training, business trip, work team

Cons: good place to start career
Advice: None
Pros: it is okay nothing much

Cons: not good at all no bueno
Advice: None
Pros: big Fun indeed mad respect

Cons: i dont have conts, great job
Advice: None
Pros: Nice job, i like it

Cons: Hard to get promoted
Low salary compared to other QA engineers
Advice: QA engineers deserves to get more salary.
Pros: Great people, Great projects
Great benefit

Cons: Not bad company for me
Advice: None
Pros: This is good company for me

Cons: Long hours depends devision you are in
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits
flexible hours

Cons: Pressure, too many systems, operational workload for all of the work
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, teaches a lot, dresscode,

Cons: Sometimes too many things to do.
Advice: None
Pros: Several opportunities for you to grab. Has work from home. You will definitely learn several things here.

Cons: Working time, balance, unfair evaluation sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Avble to seek various opportunities, many experiences

Cons: Some Company policies are not good,like to stay for 9 hrs inside office.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good.Good learning experience.

Cons: No transport in gurgaon..timings are fixed
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing can be mentioned ad such

Cons: Less diversity
But i think it is a good workspace
Advice: None
Pros: Good wellfare
 good culture
High salary

Cons: less time for personal life
Advice: None
Pros: amazing, luxurious life, good salary,

Cons: No experince required to join samsung
Advice: Just change interviewer
Pros: Worst experience not great experience

Cons: Nothing as such. Cool company and cool product
Advice: None
Pros: Very good company for work. You may be stressed out sometimes.

Cons: Too much systematic- process-driven, top-down decision making process. Has difficult culture to give constructive pushback to exec. and even director level seniors.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of chances to be exposed to new technologies. Work with great talents across the globe. Many exciting opportunities to partner with industry-leading players

Cons: Need you to be self aware and some luck if have not too good mentor.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary at starting point, environment, clear and easy to track policy.

Cons: High pressure and competitive working environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning opportunity and high ownership

Cons: No relocation programs, weak connection between teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good team, interesting tasks, nice office

Cons: Salary is not so good.
Advice: Wfh should be there
Pros: Good place to work .

Cons: Hierarchy, type of projects can be limited
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, people, culture, career opportunities,

Cons: No Comments Best Ever Right Place To Work with This Brand
Advice: All Good 👍
Pros: I Am So Lucky To Work With Symphony Limited Ad

Cons: no better career, no future
Advice: None
Pros: comfortable to earn money, work life balance

Cons: ceo made me massage him i hated that
Advice: None
Pros: people are okay support to be an artist

Cons: work culture, work life balance, stress
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, market value, market facing

Cons: Direct manager behavior, they donot behave you like a human.
Advice: None
Pros: good payment, nice people, good HR team

Cons: Lot of dirty floors, lot of works
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment, good people

Cons: no balance you should work hard
Advice: None
Pros: nice salaries, good transportation to go

Cons: But there is no chance of upgrading my self. Just doing the same task again and again
Advice: They should be more humble to their employers
Pros: They have few good things motive their employers. Good work environment.

Cons: Work balance really depends on what team you work with
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate people, great development opportunities, supportive culture.

Cons: I dont think there is any problem with the same
Advice: None
Pros: It is very good company for career growth

Cons: Work life  imbalance, low skilled employment
Advice: None
Pros: Facilities, Skill enhancement programs, management's

Cons: there's no chance to improve your skills
Advice: None
Pros: really easy to live or

Cons: Lack of vision for the future
Advice: None
Pros: Proper salary, good welfare, good colleagues

Cons: can be a bit work intensive sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance + flexibility to work

Cons: Too much clutter, 
Hard to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks. 
Good discounts
Well organized

Cons: - Low salaries
- Bad work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - Prospects for developement
- A lot of space for research
- Available resources for development

Cons: - Can have better policies
- Should have better WFH setup
Advice: None
Pros: - Good WLB
- Good work
- Good office

Cons: There are weak software eco- system
Advice: None
Pros: There are various type of area like mobile phone, memory .

Cons: Less salary.
Not a great infrastructure campus
Advice: None
Pros: Good work in few teams
Good work life balance
Good additional benefits like vouchers, gifts, transport, festival bonus

Cons: A lot of overpaid people
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee benefits and salary

Cons: hierarchical culture, limited flexibility, work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: large scale projects, dynamic environment

Cons: Salary is less as compare other organization,
No value for third party employee
Advice: Take to all the employee on Payroll of Samsung company
Pros: Day to day work 
all time busy work

Cons: No impressive rewards
Korean language required
Advice: None
Pros: Good meal and It depends on the situation, but it is stable

Cons: complex system to reduce human error makes some inconvenience.
Advice: None
Pros: nice colleaues are here to dicuss thechnologies

Cons: sometimes too much work to do
Advice: None
Pros: nice place to work. satisfied

Cons: no i dont think any nkhjjnkjnjkn
Advice: bbjnknkjnjhbnjnknknilnlnjnj;kmnj
Pros: good pay good work life balance

Cons: No job safety and process only on papers
Advice: Follow the process
Pros: Work and family life balance

Cons: Very traditional and hierarchical, Status Driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive Packages. Growth Opportunity if you want it

Cons: Lack of promotion and long working hours (12pm-9pm)
Advice: None
Pros: Light workload and good supervisor

Cons: Demanding and lots of pressure to hit targets
Advice: Less pressure on staff
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits, great training and support

Cons: well...
so so
low benefits
kkn is bad guy.
Advice: None
Pros: well...
enough goos i think.
korea is good.

Cons: Could not find any. I liked it
Advice: None
Pros: It’s good company for learning and grow

Cons: it not recommended for software engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: average salary in Korea, higher than LG, lower than other service company such as Naver, Kakao

Cons: very stressful work place 
negative Korean culture
Advice: None
Pros: good salary but very stressful and long working hours

Cons: The deduction on incentives comes in different ways
Advice: Bring back the old computation on incentives
Pros: The Incentives is much higher that your basic salary

Cons: Long Working time and distance
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, great working environment

Cons: - As much as the division of labor is good, if it is abnormal to a certain extent, it will be difficult for you to grow.
- There are more chores than actually making something
Advice: None
Pros: - A system of division of labor,
- Well-designed rules,
- And a high salary for the work you do

Cons: Less learning opportunity as have stable project
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance ans stable life

Cons: Mobbing is the common culture there in Samsung
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, tech driven, competitive compensation package

Cons: Sometimes, at peak period, no time to take breaks.
Advice: Just a better time management for employees.
Pros: Nice Company. Good and relaxing atmosphere.

Cons: Management is very demanding and result oriented.
Advice: None
Pros: Aggressive and Fast actions, suitable for those seek for high value job. Always stay innovate and creative ahead of competitors.

Cons: lots of overtimes, many burocracy
Advice: None
Pros: great experience with extraordinary cases

Cons: As the company is too big, the job scope is very limited
Advice: None
Pros: Good process, and diligent co-workers

Cons: Bad Management. Slow growth and learning
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Friendly culture. Free cabs for pickup and drop

Cons: Long working hours
less foreign employees
Advice: None
Pros: Take very good care of employees
Exciting remuneration

Cons: Maybe.. Rigidity of organizations..
Veri rigid
Advice: ..
Pros: Pay, Location, Fame, Awareness, Experience

Cons: Scope of work is too wide and unspecific skill.
Advice: None
Pros: Good brand. Good Pay. Challenging.

Cons: College racism is there in the company and teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good teams and it's good that they provide meals as well

Cons: sometimes hectic work life .
Advice: None
Pros: good environment , work life balance

Cons: Low salary and bad management. Manager are not technical only forces work on you without any guidance.
Advice: None
Pros: comp off leave we get when you forced to come on saturdays

Cons: No career bat, and no interest in skills related to service design nor customer experience
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salaries compared to Jordan market

Cons: No such constraints experienced here
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is good and flexible

Cons: Bad behaviour by local guys. They are not supporting.
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere. Good team leader.

Cons: less growth in the company
Advice: None
Pros: good pay good work life balance

Cons: No social life, overtime always
Advice: None
Pros: Career advancement and competitive salary

Cons: Culture and internal comms need huge improvement
Advice: Start listening and change
Pros: Salary and benefits are not bad

Cons: Only persons who are interested in sales
Advice: None
Pros: Waste of time this isi

Cons: In terms of transportation about if and buts
Advice: None
Pros: Good For new joinee And last age employees

Cons: You will be underpayed if you perform just well else will be pretty good. (unless the company thinks you are top 1%).
The employer does not evaluate your performance by your performance.
Advice: None
Pros: Free meals, nice people, company is pretty stable, job is pretty much secure(in Korea)

Cons: 1. Working culture is not as flex as global top tier companies
2. Base salary is not high
Advice: None
Pros: You can experience
1. most efficient high volume manufacturing system
2. various devices such as DRAM, flash, logic

Cons: The compensation is less competitive .
Advice: None
Pros: The place offers a good work-life balance

Cons: there is no vision on future decision. only cut off the employees salary.
Advice: learn Korean and speak with manager.
Pros: comfortable work style and life balance

Cons: Work from home is not easy. Still on the way to adapt WFH culture
Advice: None
Pros: Better Work life balance
Work on new technologies &amp; industry standard.

Cons: Conservative culture, less development work for sw engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Can earn lots of money

Cons: Don't expect work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Free Trial on new products

Cons: Nothing much to say. It was all good
Advice: None
Pros: Okay all good for me

Cons: high pressure, long working hours, no career growth because mostly they hire new leader instead considerating the capable staffs
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit, challenging, can get much new knowledge

Cons: too much report focused 
too often CEO changes which leads un stable business strategy
Advice: None
Pros: free food for 3 times a day
international company and very well organized systems

Cons: Learning and knowledge less for freshers
Advice: None
Pros: Good workstyle and yearly increment

Cons: No cons i have't any thing to tell
Advice: None
Pros: Good have good calture
You can learn fast

Cons: no cons, just great company
Advice: None
Pros: great employee benefits and bonuses

Cons: Working cultures is not so good as U.S
Advice: Good for Korean-American low grade people
Pros: Making money As much as U.S based companies

Cons: Quite good, no bad thing
Advice: None
Pros: Good leaders and teammates, willing to support me all the time

Cons: Beyond Korea, not good, no have office in Seoul
Advice: None
Pros: Best in Korea, Good compensation, Good system

Cons: salary is not as competitive as current market
Advice: None
Pros: Good tech, talented team, chance to learn a lot

Cons: Nothing as special, not available
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture good to work with

Cons: Salary was below market range. Toxic working environment and bad management.
Advice: Please kindly appreciate people's hardwork.
Pros: Good colleagues, good facilities, good benefits.

Cons: Relatively narrow work scope due to work boundary
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of people to learn

Cons: very conservative environment and management
Advice: None
Pros: not much of business pressure

Cons: Too much overtimes when launching the new product every year.
Advice: None
Pros: You can have a full view of how the big company works, and what the R&amp;D process Samsung use.

Cons: Working under pressure.lots task in very short deadline
Advice: None
Pros: Great quality company. you can learn from every moment that spend in it.

Cons: HR policies are very bad.
Changing teams for better work is very difficult.
Advice: SRI Delhi is just following HR policies from HQ. They need to change their ways.
Pros: Good work in some teams only. Others are just keeping the already built system run smoothly.

Cons: Heavy work load, and tight development plan
Advice: None
Pros: The best job in Korean, and high insensitive

Cons: Salary is not market average
Advice: None
Pros: Good and systematic company, Enjoy

Cons: If you have a same job in america, you will get higher salary
Advice: None
Pros: Relatively high salary in south korea

Cons: - Quite stressful 
- Under pressure
- Lack of Social interactions
Advice: None
Pros: -Salary 
-Work Environment
- Work from Home possibility

Cons: Toxic and highly political environment
Zero Work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent salary and bonus payment

Cons: Chertsey office is not the easiest to get to if living in London
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, huge business ambition

Cons: Headline says it all. It is a headline all former Samsung employees know and can relate to.
Advice: None
Pros: Used to have their own Starbucks, not sure currently

Cons: working time is not very flexible
Advice: None
Pros: its not hard money is good.

Cons: bad management, no respect towards employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and benefits on monthly and quarterly level

Cons: Management support is weak for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Currently very low learning for experienced

Cons: dont have nice perks, not much time off
Advice: None
Pros: nice work environment friendly in nature

Cons: I don't find any, recommend
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly, managers are nice, growing start up in an interesting field

Cons: Place is outside of london
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
OK salary 
Good colleagues

Cons: Big amount of buracracy, over-security
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Interesting projects, Carreer path, Good work-life balance

Cons: nothing as per now
management behaviour
Advice: None
Pros: al good ,free food and cab

Cons: No future, can change your position from tech to other without asking
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, good for your cv

Cons: Nothing  cons ,everything is fine
Advice: None
Pros: Good at all ,nice working environment

Cons: Payment is not the best at South Korea.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung Electronics is a big company.

Cons: In Suwon. 
Still in the process of changing work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Shuttle buses from and to Seoul.
Can wear shorts in the summer.

Cons: No PF is given to employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to start a career

Cons: Korea does not allowing creativity
Advice: None
Pros: good people 
nice place
nice benfits

Cons: Executives want employees to follow their orders without thought like slaves.
Discussion? It's a beautiful dream.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary? It's quite good in the case of dwelling Korea.

Cons: Very Strict rules and regulations
Advice: None
Pros: Targets high cont achieve any target

Cons: Survive with your own kind respectful way
Advice: Be fair don't feed the discrimination like it's the greatest aim in the world
Pros: The brand name and system

Cons: A little competive atmosphere
Too fast paced development procedure
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work-hour, good work and life balance

Cons: IT is not working and distribution is not working and I
Advice: None
Pros: IT is a good time to be bold and

Cons: - Management could be better
- Average salary
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting and innovative projects
- Growth opportunities

Cons: work life balance needs work
Advice: None
Pros: people make the company great

Cons: Different work culture than Western
Advice: None
Pros: Great job opportunities, possibilities for growth, international environment, fast-paced, professional

Cons: Long hours, stressful and demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay,
Interesting and rewarding

Overall I like it

Cons: Korea HQ centric R&amp;D system
Advice: None
Pros: Fastest R&amp;D and decision system

Cons: Very fast-paced environment and demanding, dominated by Korean senior management.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to grow by working in a global company striving to grow continously.

Cons: Less growth and nothing to complain and micro management
Advice: None
Pros: Good and job security and 
Colleagues

Cons: I don't have any concerns.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to start your career

Cons: Workload and other hr policies
Advice: No as of now
Pros: Stability, Facility , Food, Convenience , Medical

Cons: not really that many drawbacks ngl
Advice: None
Pros: loved it since pay is good

Cons: Everything except money that's it
Advice: None
Pros: Money money money money samsung

Cons: - can sometimes be strict in processes
Advice: None
Pros: - get experience with major global product launches
- interact with different local offices and partners

Cons: Improvement in technical skill is often under-appreciated
Advice: None
Pros: It has several great programs with personal development

Cons: Very busy workplace and nothing much
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and great culture, pay is good

Cons: Biased opportunity. Boss only favors certain people. No room of growth. No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Nice office. New building. Sometimes got free food

Cons: Lots of security issue. 
Hard to reach out data for analysis.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
Good welfare.

Cons: office is far from home
Advice: None
Pros: big salary, good team, flixable

Cons: Conservative and silo organization which obstacles communication
Advice: None
Pros: Many employee benefit ( free cafeteria and shuttle bus )

Cons: Long working hours to slow wages
Advice: None
Pros: It was okay to be honest

Cons: very old and strict culture
Advice: None
Pros: many chance to learn various tech

Cons: global company with lots of processes
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: improve their customer service because its awful
Advice: None
Pros: they create good products and techs

Cons: Intense workload and lots of reports
Advice: None
Pros: Can always try out new technology and innovative products

Cons: ok but you should check twice
Advice: None
Pros: tiring and lots of discussions with customer

Cons: Work / Life Balance Career Opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: salary Senior Management Diversity &amp; Inclusion

Cons: Had to handle store owner companies owner continues trainings . 9 to 12 hrs working
Advice: Respect
Pros: Good salary with huge incentives

Cons: Service industry is a thankless job
Advice: None
Pros: I learnt about the service industry how it works and all.

Cons: Commercialsation projects are worse. 
teams are constantly have shortage of people
High attrition
Advice: None
Pros: Good tech stack to work on

Cons: Bad news about the weather and the weather too charming
Advice: Good
Pros: Good cool decent awesome game

Cons: the company focus some product
Advice: None
Pros: the great ICT global company

Cons: Long working hours and hard to find parking.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefits and decent pay.

Cons: High Dependencies towards South Korea
Advice: None
Pros: Huge company with plenty of ressources

Cons: a bit stressfull and fast paced
Advice: keep on with the good work
Pros: good salary and better conditions of service

Cons: No job security. They Terminate employees frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: Company appreciates the hard work of employees.

Cons: Customers can get very rude at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, easy to get along

Cons: Very Strict policy for employee
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work in South Korea

Cons: too much unnecessary reporting, 
and not consistent strategy
Advice: None
Pros: free food, global level , dynamic work environment

Cons: Location, bureaucracy, long work days
Advice: None
Pros: tolerance, professionalism, community, education, international relationships

Cons: Too may hard workers 
compulsory job change
Advice: None
Pros: Good reputation, quite good location

Cons: Old working style, management are too old .
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, over-all above avg

Cons: expect long working hours
stress
you need to give 110% to impress your bosses
Advice: None
Pros: -good career growth
-good benefits and perk

Cons: Too much of hierarchy, processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good leader in the department

Cons: Challenge for every one who want to try them self.
Advice: Be more progressive and control personals who response at the high level.
Pros: Experience of production control, upgrade many hard skills

Cons: feel far away from FAANG
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is getting better and better

Cons: Sometimes the tasks given were very monotonous
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and staffs are very friendly towards you

Cons: working hours so long time
Advice: is good
Pros: benefits is quite good for employee

Cons: Old culture but try to change
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and salary, bonus

Cons: Tough competition and sticky company vibe
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good environment for working

Cons: As such there is no cons.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Good work life balance.
2. Healthy environment to grow in terms of technology and skills.
3. Supportive seniors.
4. Someone will always has an opportunity to develop new skill set .

Cons: Last minute culture and some bullies in management
Advice: Listen and don't just tell employees what do to. Ask their opinions.
Pros: Great work life balance and amazing colleagues, very good diversity.

Cons: to foreign employees, could be conservative culture
Advice: None
Pros: getting better in work life balance

Cons: Long hours, high stress, high pressure, fast paced
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, innovative, good leadership, rewarding

Cons: no career development if you are a software engineer
Advice: None
Pros: good salary 
free food everyday

Cons: a little hard work sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: company who wants provide good envirnment to work better for the employee

Cons: Big company where you cannt change anything
Advice: None
Pros: Very strong company with strong opportunities
Competitive salary
Good balance

Cons: Long working hours. 
No leave on holidays.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary package provided for employees.
Good incentive amounts.

Cons: Challenging job environment
Targets
Less growth avenues
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance
Outings
Good salary
Good location
Smart people

Cons: - High turn over rate.
Advice: - Need to develop on people to retain the valuable employee whom important for the company.
Pros: - Good package such as: salary, bonus, insurance (this is the best part), good training.

Cons: Bad communication within the company
Language barrier with HQ in Korea
Rigid org structure, harder to move up than smaller companies
Advice: None
Pros: Safe company to work for
Good benefits especially if you like Samsung products

Cons: I did not know well about the system to comment unfortunately
Advice: None
Pros: I think the working environment is professional

Cons: Competitive, conservative, hierarchical, boring, not inclusive
Advice: Listen to what young employees think.
Pros: Innovative, attractive package, Stable, Global, lots to.learn

Cons: Head office in Asia so time zone difference for interaction with support
Advice: None
Pros: Very good working environment. Good team work

Cons: I worked in TAnd because the change in them is done too late, so things seem very repetitiveV and LCD computers
Advice: Have training to improve the skills of their employees
Pros: At the Samsung factory, things were very repetitive for me

Cons: No worklife balance. Korean heavy management style
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Competitive Pay
2. . Innovative Products.

Cons: No longer competitive for employee
Korean led on almost all decisions
Heavy reporting and micro management everywhere
Sales first and customer second
Advice: Look and change before it is too late
Pros: Market leader in industry
Some good people still remain

Cons: needs improvement in career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for work environment

Cons: It is difficult to find good services.
Advice: None
Pros: good culture and good colleague

Cons: Lack of communication with HQ, makes it difficult to coordinate projects
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work culture, great colleagues

Cons: Tecnaly,  Challengeing, hard working & Respectable
Advice: Yes
Pros: As a best products & best service

Cons: A good company with the interest of the citizens at heart.
Advice: None
Pros: Always nice to work with samsung

Cons: low salaries, low salary increasing, no work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: nice buildings, professional employees with CEO and other directors

Cons: Medical insurance and flexi benefit is week
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues and flexible working hours

Cons: bad management
bad salary for off experience hire
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance, better salary for campus hire

Cons: Slow career progression, no fast track
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, follow government instruction

Cons: none all good just overworkload
Advice: None
Pros: nice good salary and environment

Cons: no cons with the company
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work with

Cons: International mobility within company needs further development
Advice: None
Pros: Endless opportunities for professional development, good compensation and company benefits

Cons: Slow growth in promotions of employees
Advice: Employee growth is very slow.
Pros: Good brand to work for.

Cons: Hard to improve developmemt skills for engineer
Advice: None
Pros: Big bonus, little nice welfare

Cons: Not enough opportunities for growth
Advice: N/a
Pros: They were a progressive company

Cons: bad culture, dominated by koreans, rigid time schedule. no matter where u come from or what ur going thru they will make u come at 9am sharp and leave at 6pm. 9.01 half day pay gets deducted.
Advice: None
Pros: pay wise good else pls donot go for it

Cons: Unfortunately I didn't find any
Advice: NA
Pros: They take care of their employees
Very good hikes

Cons: The company still grows for next step
Advice: None
Pros: Good location and great people

Cons: Low compensation, device restrictions, hard to geow as professional
Advice: None
Pros: Coll RnD process, nice people

Cons: work hard. no work life balance
Advice: High Salary, no work life balance
Pros: High salary, great working environment and benefit for employees

Cons: Pressure from management
Bad management quality
Need to fight for good tasks
Political games in management
Corporate culture uses humiliation as an instrument
Slow and not promising career
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting tasks
Ability to publish papers

Cons: Working time is too long
Advice: None
Pros: Well paid for employees. Big bonous

Cons: Boring job bro don't come
Advice: None
Pros: All girls full enough ejoy

Cons: unorganized company without much direction
Advice: None
Pros: salary enough to keep you there

Cons: hard work, working in weekend,
Advice: None
Pros: Active, Dynamic, Huge infra, Great benefits

Cons: No work-life balance, Korean mentality
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, young staff, entertainment

Cons: salary is below average in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Lunch is cheap and good

Cons: Ctc is around 10 lpa which is not that much
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work life balance as compared to other tech companies

Cons: - HR is a bit slow and indecisive
Advice: None
Pros: - Good team atmosphere
- Well-defined benefits scheme

Cons: Bad place to work for a long time
Advice: Do your best and you'll be an expert
Pros: Good place to work at first

Cons: -Too many hierarchy
- Too much micro management
Advice: None
Pros: - Nice work
- Good employee benefits
- Process oriented
- R&amp;D

Cons: Better place and evidence to work
Advice: Cool management to do work there
Pros: Good company to wok there

Cons: It is a company with a typical oriental culture. It is a strange company in which all decisions are made in the Top-Down method, and detailed decisions are controlled at least above VP.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is famous.
If you're not Korean, you can get paid pretty well.

Cons: Less to learn and grow
Advice: None
Pros: Food to eat transport facilities

Cons: Nothing much, really good working environment
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity to learn

Cons: Long working hours
Bad work cultyre
Advice: Treat shift employees same as general employee
Pros: Nice facility of bus food gifts

Cons: You may feel like you're constantly drowning in reports.
Advice: None
Pros: Korean managers don't bother you too much

You can easily discuss salary and benefits.

Cons: - Limited freedom for choosing the research topic
- The salary does not increase fast
Advice: None
Pros: Limited to Samsung Research (Seoul)
- Explore challenging and interesting research topic
- Highly-qualified colleagues
- Descent salary considering the geographic location

Cons: No cons multinational companies had a wonderful experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work at

Cons: It is quite competitive so you should be ready.
Advice: Improve on communication with employees.
Pros: It is Perfect Start-up for any beginner Sales personnel

Cons: Salary less as compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Good work, great work life balance

Cons: There is no choice of specific work area.
Advice: None
Pros: Highest salary in Korea
Good work environment
Smart colleagues

Cons: Difficult tasks, but it's good
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful corporate atmosphere. Opportunity to work in the field of research of new technologies and algorithms

Cons: Bad Work &amp; Life Balance, Lack of organized training process for newcomers, Old-age ethics.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of things to learn, competitive salary, good for training and challenging itself

Cons: Work culture, Management, work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, good bonus and location

Cons: Very demanding, work late .
Advice: None
Pros: Very professional, hard working .

Cons: lack of growth inside the company
Advice: None
Pros: great projects. the compensation was also a plus (salary and benefits)

Cons: No room to grow and the management is unnecessarily strict
Advice: Listen to staff
Pros: Good environment and benefits especially quarterly events

Cons: Must to to many job
Advice: Slow
Pros: Home Appliances, refrigerator, television, washing machine, vacuum cleaner

Cons: Adapt to environmental changing a bit slowly in compare to other large companies
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people very challenging job

Cons: Everything is good,there don't have any cons
Advice: No comment, everything is perfect
Pros: Culture and there rules Regulation is very good

Cons: Hard work and responsibilities an
Advice: Be responsible
Pros: Good and lovely and har

Cons: Samsung is tight to share between work and life
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is the best company to have dram technology

Cons: Yearly increment after covid is low
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Can't describe lots of cons
Advice: None
Pros: Brand value  is the only thing

Cons: i think no cons yet
Advice: None
Pros: have lots of education system

Cons: Salary should be more. perks should be more
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture and environment

Cons: Strict culture
No life because of work
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good
Welfare is amazing

Cons: Bureaucratic processes and unequal benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy environment, good salary, growing opportunities

Cons: No job structure
 Less technical
No job security
Advice: None
Pros: Unmatched job skills set
No hirarichy

Cons: I don't see any cons here
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Solid work.

Cons: Very stifling cutlure you know
Advice: None
Pros: Koreans leave you alone lor.

Cons: less freedom of what I could design
Advice: None
Pros: flexible working time and great cafeteria menu..

Cons: Too many free riders and grumblers
Advice: None
Pros: The highest level of compensation, working conditions,

Cons: Lack of process maps, documentations
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, nice office, multi-cultural environment

Cons: No work life balance and culture is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Good package with 4-month bonus.

Cons: Strong rigidity of fast follower
Advice: Fareware to past
Pros: Business Portfoilo (TV, Smartphone, memory, etc)

Cons: Loads of work with lots of pressure
Advice: None
Pros: good company knowledge people quality work

Cons: No cons, as I said
Advice: None
Pros: Remote, stable, good relations, Confucian values

Cons: okay, bad pay, friends, boss
Advice: None
Pros: nice people, food, drinks, pay

Cons: bad opportunity to grow up
Advice: None
Pros: good salary
good food
good shuttle bus chain around seoul

Cons: 1) There isnt much explosure to new technologies
Advice: None
Pros: 1) food
2) good work life balance

Cons: Promotions one time per year, based on your performance according to others.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to start your career. Variety of projects, research topics and activities to be involved in.

Cons: Korean dominant work atmosphere. 
Location
Advice: For experience different culture with benefit, it is recommendable
Pros: Decent benefit. 
Challenging and interesting Projects. 
Top tier clients and self position

Cons: Parking is limited. Otherwise,all good
Advice: None
Pros: Nice, promote positive growth, friendly

Cons: Korean structure, limited opportunity to control your own schedule
Advice: Communication between teams needs plenty of work.
Pros: Good benefits, flexible working, training opportunities

Cons: Learning not enough for beginners
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Less learning &amp; growth .
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance .

Cons: location of korea, limited development
Advice: None
Pros: high salary, good welfare, company name value

Cons: Work culture is too exhaustive
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and work environment

Cons: narrow scope, repeated work, limited env.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, proper salary, systematic and etc

Cons: No cons i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coffee free parking spacious office

Cons: Strong top down hierarchy system
Advice: None
Pros: Nice colleagues, good working environment. Especially, campus facilities are so great.

Cons: tight and busy culture to work and
Advice: None
Pros: tech school to learn the semiconductor engineering

Cons: Progression very limited unless you are Korean
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is on the decent side

Cons: Too busy i ever been
Advice: None
Pros: Do Not concern about firing

Cons: Company process requires too many approvals
Advice: None
Pros: Company puts importance to employee learning

Cons: Knowledge decrease
no value
poor growth
Not good for long time
No future
Overall not good
Advice: None
Pros: If ur goal to Retired then join Samsung

Cons: Easily exhausted for the work
Advice: None
Pros: It's quite big in Korea

Cons: A bureaucratic process in getting things done
Advice: .
Pros: It has fantastic product line ups

Cons: - Expect you to stay in office long hours and come over weekend
-
Advice: Be more Empathetic
Pros: - Comparable salaries
- Good Discounts on Samsung products

Cons: many people related to a project
Advice: None
Pros: A great company to work

Cons: - very demanding
- would work on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: - high salary
- employee discount on appliances
- good training and mentors

Cons: it is related to IT
Advice: None
Pros: a very idea working environment to fully develop yourself

Cons: - Poor executives
- Organizational culture
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance
- Name value

Cons: Very hierarchical with almost no autonomy
May be boring
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and good working hours, decent pay considering the costs living in Korea

Cons: Everything is outdated, slow and approvals needed.
Advice: Leave the company.
Pros: Recognized company in the world.

Cons: You have to sit at work while your boss is sitting
Advice: None
Pros: You can grow horizontally in your career.
Good conditions for university graduates

Cons: Definition of fast paced and a stressful environment at all times.
Advice: None
Pros: Always learn something new and great team culture

Cons: Work quality, leadership and salary
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and flexibility and company infra

Cons: no cons as far as i know in this company
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and environment in co,mpany

Cons: Manager is very bad and old school
Advice: None
Pros: Nice salary and benefits and free lunch

Cons: trust on employees
some politics in certain teams
Advice: None
Pros: Very good pay and good culture

Cons: -They encourage OTs which is not healthy
-OFFICE POLITICS
Advice: improve career goals
Pros: -Nice benefits and good office location

Cons: - garbage quality work
- no career growth
Advice: None
Pros: - Plenty of free time for you but zero quality work that will you grow professionally and personally.

Cons: Very strict management a lot of approval required to complete simple tasks
Advice: None
Pros: amazing system and tools that makes your day to day job easier

Cons: Hierarchical company due to Culture
Advice: None
Pros: Hard working company and good welfare

Cons: not challenging and lack of understanding IP
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and easy work to do

Cons: Very slow growth
Mismanagement from top leaders
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for maintaining work life balance
Addition incentives and attractive bonus

Cons: lack of career development. Otherwise ok
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience, positive relationship, nice work-life balance

Cons: If you can work under very high pressure...
Advice: None
Pros: It is a quite young organization

Cons: low pay and long hours
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and vacation time too

Cons: Bottle neck in constant growth
Advice: None
Pros: Safe and good pay for old campers

Cons: no cons to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: very large company with good compensation

Cons: Carrier growth. WLB is fair.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team. Interesting projects. Top level products.

Cons: very high workload but well paid with an effort
Advice: None
Pros: great company to learn specially for supply chain operation

Cons: Work load is a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and other benefits

Cons: Hard working, not capital, labor issue
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, global firm, high brand

Cons: but not the best place to grow
Advice: None
Pros: not that bad company to work

Cons: may require a lot of time (depend on season)
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good, and work and life is balanced

Cons: bad office environment and heavy office politics
Advice: None
Pros: nice colleagues to help each other

Cons: Strict work environment 
Office gives a feeling of being at school
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Meals at office

Cons: much bureaucracy and paperwork. that's all
Advice: None
Pros: nice office, close to the train station

Cons: no work-life balance, pressure, long hours
Advice: None
Pros: meals are good, free transportation

Cons: Tough deadlines
Cultural differences
Rapid work flow
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Friendly environment 
Great experience

Cons: can't think about any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Work Environment is very nice

Cons: laid back, old people, outdated tech
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, free food, cabs/bus, gifts

Cons: no no no no no
Advice: advice
Pros: ok ok ok ok ok

Cons: Hard work and not wellbing
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and pronounced company title

Cons: Need more Software advancements compare with Hardware advancements.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung Electronics minds employee's work and life balance.

Cons: So far can’t think of
Advice: Nil
Pros: Brand awareness in the market

Cons: this is only for hardworking people
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work in India

Cons: Can be quite a crazy place
Advice: None
Pros: Overall good enployeer, great products

Cons: Yearly appraisal
KPI is more on for developers not for QA benefit
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, - all leaves convertible to cash, Yearly Perf bonus, Staff sales

Cons: Job descriptions not very clear
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of Learning opportunities

Cons: strict office rules and it rules
Advice: None
Pros: work on whatever tech stack you want to work

Cons: slow training process and limited benefits as a team member
Advice: More team building excersises .
Pros: Forward thinking company with excellent teams and work culture

Cons: It is the only advantages.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of salary and incentive bonus.

Cons: Tough and tight for schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Good for welfare and salary

Cons: work on the weekends,
no possibility of promotion
Advice: None
Pros: professional management staff,
people with passion,
integration meetings

Cons: makes me sleepy and want to eat
Advice: care about your employees as a whole
Pros: great pro they are kind

Cons: Hard work. Deadlines. Language. Too many hours
Advice: None
Pros: Hard work. Great place. International

Cons: Career opportunities might be limited
Advice: None
Pros: Professional experience and Variety of Work Scope

Cons: long working hours is a disadvantage
Advice: None
Pros: high wages is an advantage

Cons: You can't groww professionally 
Not good culture
Advice: None
Pros: Better salary for freshers. And nothing else

Cons: Had some issues at first but were resolved with training
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company 
Flexible hours 
Decent pay

Cons: Nothing to say about this company
Advice: None
Pros: Good nice experience will know

Cons: Commute time (Far from seoul)
Advice: None
Pros: Good at Semiconductor business .

Cons: Not alot of career opportunities and progression
Advice: None
Pros: Great team and very dynamic environment

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: None
Pros: Cool place to work n have fun

Cons: Learning is not as much you could expect
Advice: focus on learning
Pros: work-life balanced is good
company provide perks on it product

Cons: work and life balance is poor
Advice: None
Pros: good compensation, environment, opportunity to learn

Cons: can't think of any
good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: good people and good development
fun events and training
good pay rates

Cons: Less pay than market
Team allocation is arbitrary
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance 
Exposure to latest smartphones

Cons: I always short of time and money
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good and people too

Cons: too much extra work, always work till 9 pm
Advice: None
Pros: well-being is perfect at Samsung

Cons: Management, Work Ethics, office politics and very high partiality.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, Work benefits and perks

Cons: very hard work
lower base salary
Advice: None
Pros: Higher compensation in Korea
Stable work

Cons: poor software skills and salary
Advice: None
Pros: no busy, there are many options to buy product in samsung

Cons: Repeated Organization reconstruction, Low base salary
Advice: None
Pros: Welfare, Profit sharing system, Good people

Cons: Not an international, just domestic BM.
Advice: None
Pros: An affiliate of Samsung. 
Good working status and high salary.
Great staff.

Cons: non-flexible company culture
company does not expect too much to employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Top Tier Memory Business Company

Cons: Working hours, stress, and etc
Advice: None
Pros: Salary food collegues and etc

Cons: Work life balance is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Fast growing company, intresting projects

Cons: - Not work from home setup
Advice: None
Pros: - High salary
- Lots of incentives
- Great Employee management

Cons: i did not see any at all
Advice: None
Pros: everything was really really cool

Cons: Significant salary disparity in the organization
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work in Nigeria

Cons: In house tech being used
Advice: None
Pros: Perks are Good, food , transport

Cons: Overhours is biggest problem. For a European person would be so tough
Advice: None
Pros: Very International place, goos salary

Cons: Not good company for slry
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work everyone should join

Cons: Workload not equal to pay
Advice: None
Pros: culture is okay with peers

Cons: Nothing as such it's good company
Advice: None
Pros: It's good company to work with

Cons: The career path is not clear.
Promotions are scarce. 
Lacking visibility to HQ.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is taken seriously.
Great autonomy.
Encourage personal development.

Cons: Big gap between task teams
Advice: None
Pros: Well motivated, stable, good location

Cons: hard to maintain the health weight
Advice: None
Pros: good workplace and proper workload

Cons: Workload and unstable working time
Advice: None
Pros: Ok good benefits by company

Cons: No vision and small salary
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is good

Cons: Ecofriendly environment is their side.
Advice: None
Pros: Growth is good in samsung electronics.

Cons: work time is longer than other company
Advice: None
Pros: can get a good bonus

Cons: Nothing so far that I experienced
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work as far as I know

Cons: Pressure, Career Opportunity, Compensation, Work Life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, products &amp; solutions, market leader in mobility

Cons: Bad work life balance in certain teams, with little flexibility that comes with working in a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Big conglomerate with international name value.

Cons: Overwork and high hierarchy company
Advice: None
Pros: Big sized company and good tech things

Cons: Lot of dependency on office
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work 
Good people

Cons: Many KPIs, regular exams, low yearly increase
Advice: None
Pros: Continous learning, Great environment, Cooperation

Cons: More transparency needed in work culture
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work for

Cons: Too many surplus engineer in HQ. They have no passion.
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing good. recommend not to apply.

Cons: Too much work hour need
Advice: More challenge and more gain your pocket
Pros: World wide no global company

Cons: There are no cons in company
Advice: None
Pros: Good better best very good

Cons: nothing big to mention here
Advice: None
Pros: good place to gain experience

Cons: Bad Salary , Bad Culture
Advice: None
Pros: Harder Work, More Learn. Good environment

Cons: Too far from my home
Advice: None
Pros: You can get certifications yearly

Cons: few development people in job
Advice: None
Pros: many project is handled in job

Cons: Nothing have for Cons to add .
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good Experience and nice culture

Cons: Lots of changes on schedule and priority
Advice: None
Pros: Many freedom on work, vacation and reasonable pay

Cons: long hours and many deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: good people and nice work culture

Cons: Korean style, headquarters is the main decision maker
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, work life balance, interesting projects

Cons: individual growth is slow in learning and earning
Advice: None
Pros: Good food and refreshments in cafe

Cons: Low is very very low for freshers
Advice: None
Pros: Great team leaders loved the team spirit

Cons: Not so much opotunities for development
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment to work in

Cons: No work from home provided by company
Advice: None
Pros: full time opportunity provided by company

Cons: Not so sure a it
Advice: None
Pros: Not good for experienced person

Cons: Pathetic work culture
Worst management 
Less pay with lots of deductions
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing pros in this company

Cons: fast paced business and tight competition
Advice: None
Pros: good remuneration and very dynamic

Cons: Management is incompetent and inexperienced
Advice: None
Pros: Advancement in company is very easy

Cons: I am still working here, I can't share any info for now.
Advice: None
Pros: Good welfare and benefits, work life balance.

Cons: work load little bit higher
Advice: None
Pros: very organized company, pay good salary, good working environment

Cons: Environment 
Decision flow 
Korean mirror (bm)
To operational
Advice: None
Pros: Salary 
Employee discounts 
Benefits and

Cons: lots of overtime, high customer demand
Advice: None
Pros: Chance for promotion, good working environment

Cons: work life balance takes a hit
Advice: None
Pros: team is great - filled with intelligent peoplee

Cons: Hard work and too young people.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy eviroment. Highly educated employers.

Cons: Tight schedule, huge working pressure sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful, good mentor ship, friendly working environment

Cons: Salary is a bit low compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: A very open company to work with

Cons: Language barrier as top management are all Koreans
Advice: None
Pros: Massive discounts on samsung products

Cons: I don't see any cons as of now
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance and opportunity for innovation

Cons: A lot of side projects.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of free trainings.

Cons: Korean culture might be wired for foreign employee
Advice: None
Pros: high salary in korea
many opportunities to learn and do anything

Cons: - Too many non-value added work
- Work till late hours
Advice: None
Pros: -Good Pay
-Great experiance to learn
-Best place for begineers

Cons: Bosses can be very rude
Advice: None
Pros: Good team environment to work in

Cons: salary is very compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: good wlb, chill life, flexible worktime

Cons: It's a good place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment.
Balance life
Good food.

Cons: lots of pressure for work
Advice: None
Pros: good workplace to make money

Cons: none.everything is perfectly balanced in the company
Advice: None
Pros: everything is good.not an single issue

Cons: Late response, not too fast,weak
Advice: Good planing for future
Pros: Excellent, good, marvalous, nice, fantastic

Cons: Nothing to write home about
Advice: None
Pros: All good no bad experiences

Cons: Tight schedule and result matters
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and chances to go abroad

Cons: nothing special mostly very good
Advice: None
Pros: high potential company and many opportunity

Cons: Strict entry time
Strict exit time
Advice: NA
Pros: Organized working style
Discipline
Work life balance
Initiatives 
New Opportunities

Cons: Nothing to learn new things things.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, helpful teammates, all facilities....

Cons: Work and life balance, culture
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, bonus, smart colleagues, and food

Cons: Managers watch out can lead to
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and pay to all

Cons: Technology is fixed by HQ team
Advice: None
Pros: many projects to work on

Cons: Some form of beurocracy exists in company
Advice: Faster process for employee growth
Pros: Compensation package above industry average
Employee friendly

Cons: HR policy is too bad
Advice: Not
Pros: here is heaven for Firmware Engineer

Cons: Not horizontal working culture
System is not good
Advice: None
Pros: Affordable salary
Affordable wealth/health programs
Good colleagues

Cons: Not proper employee friendly company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunity to grow in mobile domain

Cons: heated debates, little-bit crowdy environment
Advice: None
Pros: good people and the management

Cons: No cons is the cons
Advice: None
Pros: The best electronics company in the world

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with
Good work

Cons: not friendly in some companies worldwide
Advice: None
Pros: goood for career in the corporate sector

Cons: Korean culture (Vertical relationship) and a lot of job
Advice: None
Pros: Godd salary and Good career

Cons: commute issue. agency problem. etc
Advice: None
Pros: lots of opportunities. rich company

Cons: Nothing much 
Everything 8s good
Advice: None
Pros: Good, employee friendly, flexible work hours

Cons: Hard work and low opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit and pretty high salary

Cons: work load = hard work, co-workers,
Advice: None
Pros: high salary, nice co-workers, career,

Cons: no cons no cons no cons
Advice: None
Pros: best, inteligent, easy, fast fast fast

Cons: nothing to speecify as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Nice to work in this company

Cons: everything good. no cons there
Advice: None
Pros: good work, learning, time, project

Cons: Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, N/A
Advice: None
Pros: Nice workplace, dedicated co-worker, good benefit

Cons: Need to improve the employee caring things
Advice: None
Pros: Have a good culture and also employees are good

Cons: Compromised work-life balance, controversial policies during cover
Advice: None
Pros: Company package, highly professional employees

Cons: No cons at all actually
Advice: None
Pros: Great acedamic and learning experience here

Cons: make better environment for employees
Advice: None
Pros: not bad company to work with

Cons: Can be hectic sometimes and busy.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and work environment

Cons: Too competitive culture makes colleagues conflict.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities and well paid salary

Cons: I cant think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit flexible working environment

Cons: Korean working culture, work prrssure
Advice: Good
Pros: Job stability 
, Brand name ,MNC

Cons: Undervalued salary against other competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Stable payment for Profit sharing

Cons: long hours be prepared to work
Advice: None
Pros: good experience enhoyed working there
