Cons: Unless you know the Korean language, you can't get far within the company. HQ folks look down on you and rotational staffs don't care about you.  Environment was bad- low morale where EVERYONE wanted to quit the company. Although you may be hired under a certain position, you are expected to do many many things outside your position. It's good to get diverse experience, but you will never become good at any one thing.  Compensation was so low that it made me feel like I wasn't worth much despite all the hard work I put in. There was lack of appreciation and too many comments that were borderline harassment- "your arms are thick", "it looks like you need to lose a few more pounds", etc.... Although I learned a lot during my time there, I am glad to have left.
Advice: All the management are rotational staffs from Korea. I know that management will be here for a short period: 3-5 years but management should be involved more with the local staff instead of doing their own things. Also, the way management treats Korean speaking American staff members is different from the way management treats non-Korean speaking American staff members. Management tends to overwork the Korean speaking American staff members and compensate them less than their non-Korean speaking counterparts who do less work. What is up with that?
Pros: Benefits are good- health, dental, vision, subsidized lunches, gym membership, 401k, and education. Global network and a good name to have company pride.

Cons: The culture is rotten from the root.  From HQ, the very heirarchical culture gives little respect and room of freedom to lower level engineers.  Being a remote office in San Jose, we did not get to experience the worst.  But the local management here is super impowered over those ruled engineers.  Power plays.  Opaque..  Favoritism.  Politics.  Zero trust top down.  It is very difficult to feel proud and willing to contribute when knowing that as an employee you are not really treated as part of the company.  The best way to get company or organizational update is via Internet or grapevine.  Several almost got their pays doubled over several years, while most hardly moved an inch.  A few are very happy, most however are exploited.  The company force installs spyware on employees computers.  employees are not the esset of the company.  There is some fundamental philosophical problems with the company and the local management.
Advice: Think for the employees.  But I know it is impossible for these exploitatiers.
Pros: Health benefit is good.  Good bonus.  Mostly not busy.

Cons: The management team only cares about playing the politic game to focus and drive their team. There is also a lot of tension between the HQ and employees working oversees. You will be traveling on plane for 10+ hours to South Korea few times a year depending on your job with last minute notice. Due to the time difference in Asia, there will be many days you can be working late.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to play with the latest gadgets. The benefits and pay are competitive. You get to travel to Asia. There is a lot to learn.

Cons: Systems set you up for failure.
No true quality programs.
Fast paced, no quality etchic.
Quality training to do your job with-out error.
lack of computers and working space inside the FAB.
Advice: Dr. Deming said "is it the person or the system?"  High quality people with strong work ethics should be allowed to move to another area if the current job is not a good fit - before the employee fails in the current position.  Simply firing people is Samsung's loss.  Not being eligible for rehire if the person was not a good fit in one department is also Samsung's loss.
Pros: Pay
facility
safe working conditions
bonuses
cafe
coffe bar
peers
Nice FAB
Listerine in the bathrooms.
clean
matching lunch money

Cons: poor resources, poor managements, and unrealizable time line for a project. HQ takes all the credit  even if the project initiated and was demonstrated feasibility in this office. heavy politics involved.
Advice: N/A
Pros: you can take a lead on whatever project you can make once it's reasonable. various research opportunity.

Cons: our boss is a bit tough and the food in the cafeteria, i must say, is given ro prove very much
Advice: None
Pros: very good working conditions and very comftable salary.

Cons: Management made up of very intelligent engineers, but some of them lack the skills to lead.
Advice: Soft skills are just as important as your engineering degree when handling people
Pros: Decent pay for no degree

Cons: lack of management. sometmes your job is not specified
Advice: salary
Pros: Great learning opportunity. you meet a lot of distributors

Cons: intense workload. Korean culture of crisis.
Advice: None
Pros: Clear success criteria, good team work and Comraderie.

Cons: very little room for advancement
Advice: fight for your employees
Pros: Great benefits and team building events

Cons: Stressful, Very Hierarchic, Over working
Advice: None
Pros: High Tech, Goal oriented, Good Benefits, Well Structure, Smart

Cons: You won't get far
Salary is low
Most of the office speaks korean
no work/life balance
Advice: hire more nonkorean people
promote from within
Pros: Great people
Great benefits
Events for families
subsidized meals

Cons: Very rigid Korean control of key decisions and processes, yet can be incredibly chaotic and disorganised at the coal face. Needs better local control and a wider range of input.
Obsessive IT systems security and rigid approval processes are both obstructive to day to day activities.
Tends to produce employees of extremes - either Samsung-worshipping workaholics who you expect to find dead at their desks one morning, or people who use the vast structure and ever-present disorganisation to actually do very little. Very few "normal" people who work hard, and deliver on commitments, but go home on time and don't live and breathe the job.
Advice: Foster better relations between Korean and Western employees. Too much of a "them and us" culture, with an ever-present feeling among Western employees that we can never be as trusted or as valued as the Koreans. The company could also make much better use of the experience of your non-Korean employees to improve business processes and approaches to new markets, such as business to business sales. The very heavy dictation from Korea, and a tendency for Koreans to ignore or override Western input, often with no consultation or notice can be quite wearing. It does sometimes feel that this is not a global company, but a Korean company that operates globally.
Pros: Dynamic, fast paced environment
Hugely successful company with a tremendous range of consumer products
Good salary and benefits package, including excellent staff purchase scheme.
Many very skilled people
