Cons: Maybe being more open to working from home, the dress code, etc. This is the Valley and people want to work from home from time to time and also wear shorts, flip-flops on occasions.
Advice: You either accept the management style or you don't. I love the management I interact with and wouldn't change a thing.
Pros: Samsung is number one in many area's and I believe it's number one because of it's commitment to work hard and get the job done at all cost. If you want to be the best, then you have to strive to be the best and here at Samsung I believe we all strive to make that happen.

Cons: The culture promotes politics more than hard work.  Managers control 25% bonus payout, without which salary in not competitive in the market. Too much control by management to spend office hours past 8 PM.  In comparison to the profit Samsung makes, they don't even want to pay dinner for people staying late. At time politics based on which company you have worked earlier destroys the culture and creativity.
Advice: Hire managers who are technical and can relate to the engineers, and not just show off their expensive german cars.
Pros: 401K match by employer, job stability, cash rich company

Cons: Samsung Telecom America is the offshore for Samsung Korea and they get treated like that.  The work has to get done.  You will face some unrealistic deadline.  You may face some lack of information sharing situations.
Advice: They need to push back in terms of schedules and information shared.
Pros: They are working on some really cutting edge technologies.  The management is understanding and trying, but the work has to get done.  Generally flexible in terms of daily schedule. You can work from home some days if needed.

Cons: Long hours.  Too many biz trips to Korea.  No autonomy from HQ.
Too many projects are focused on commercialization work.
Advice: Improve the cafeteria - the vegetarian food was terrible.  
Focus more on long term planning.  Improve the internal systems.  End.
Pros: Hard working employees.  Good exposure to new technologies.  Challenging work.  
STA offers great benefits and the compensation is good.  End of year gifts are nice.

Cons: No hiring excellence criteria
Lack of trust on the human resource
Manufacturing Plant management style
Zero Marketing Capabilities, the marketing plan consist on reducing the price.
Overall disrespect from Koreans to locals.
Advice: Wake up is the 21st century, high employee rotation will eventually hurt the growth. Be a real global organization. The talent market knows how tough is to work at Samsung, it is hard to find real talent willing to put up with the management culture and style.
Pros: Amazing Product Development team
World Class Supply Chain organization
Massive Internal Information systems

Cons: lack of work-life balance, asian culture, poor recognition of hard work, pay is not as good as it could be for middle and lower level positions
Advice: listen to employee feedback, more competitive pay and to recognize hard work
Pros: great company, looks great on the resume, good industry growth especially during a recession

Cons: The team is relatively small compare to the Samsung's research arm in Korea. But the group has been growing very fast in recent years.
Advice: The only advice I would like to say is to make the internship program bigger and bigger. I am happy to see this is happening.
Pros: The Standards Research Lab has a very strong research team and a dynamic environment. The living expense in Texas is low.
