Cons: Location of the office is terrible since there are always lots of traffic, makes me nervous driving there because of all the bad drivers.
Advice: There are a lot of Korean employees so they speak Korean most of the time which is very rude in a business environment for all the non-Korean speakers
Pros: New Samsung building is great with a cool game room, basketball court, volleyball, ping pong, pool, video games, nap pods.  HR are quick and responsive and very helpful.  When CEO come around they have meetings for them to communicate with employees and let them know status and plans for the company.

Cons: No holidays off, the company is constantly changing their focus, they have way too many sales tracking forms and spreadsheets. I felt as though I was a number and not an employee. 

There are too many layers of management, and they poorly coach the employees.
Advice: Minimize the amount of spreadsheets you use to track sales and activities, eliminate the Mosaic middle man HR company (they never know what's going on in the field), stop focusing on any your product is a superior product - no one cares. People buy from companies who appeal to customer's identities, and not so much the features of your products. Also, stop hiring nerds to sell your technology; you need individuals with strong interpersonal skills to move product.
Pros: Pay is okay, once and a while you get technology on rent.

Cons: Korean management. You do not get negative feedback. It's not that rare that your emails when you are proactively asking about status of your project or it's drawbacks are simply ignored. Also, many projects have hard deadlines but too vague requirements which result in the lack of acceptance criteria. It is your team's responsibility to come up with something that would amuse management on several levels of hierarchy.

About paycheck. It's better to come to this place with PhD degree or 10+ years of experience. Otherwise your salary's growth would be almost non-existent.
Advice: Take into the account that your company is international. I cannot say anything regarding situation in filials in other countries but in Ukraine all projects were very tightly coupled to the headquarters in South Korea. As a result employees have to adopt to the aforementioned specifics of management which is really frustrating.
Pros: Interesting tasks that can involve cutting-edge computer science (for me it was machine learning). It is possible to transfer between different projects and departments.

Cons: Horrible culture.  Very Korean culture that isn't adjusted in any way for US based employees. It feels like you are occupied by a foreign country.  Work life balance doesn't exist unless you luck out and get a good boss who can shelter you from headquarters culture. And even then they have very limited power to do so.  And US employees including leaders have little to no autonomy to make strategic decisions or push new initiatives. If it didn't come from headquarters, it isn't accepted.
Advice: Look for ways to soften the Korean culture in the US. LG does it pretty well in the US. But LG doesn't seem to have as much arrogance as Samsung when it comes to inflicting their Korean culture on US employees.
Pros: Work for one of the top brands in the world and work with very smart people.

Cons: If given the chance, this place will overrun your life
HQ drives huge inefficiencies/unnecessary work, restrictive/slow HQ culture blocks many great ideas from moving forward  
Korean hierarchy above all - what HQ says goes - regardless of impact of those decisions
US leadership is powerless, which also means your department head has very little to do with your job security and/or career advancement

This is a decent enough short-term career opportunity. Get the experience and move on. Most of the people you meet will be gone in two years or less.  

If you have another offer, go there instead.
Advice: For the millionth time, let people do the job you hired them to do. You hire smart people and force them to produce mediocre work.
Pros: Good benefits (Health Insurance, PTO), decent pay
Opportunity to do exciting work and partner with smart and passionate people   
Global brand recognition and large scale projects  
If you have a good manager, good flexibility and team sub-culture

Cons: Little recognition. Forced distribution ratings for annual reviews. Upper management gets rewarded at the expense of the foot soldiers. Perks and benefits continue to decrease as cost cutting measures take effect the past few years. Runs lean. Current employees expected to do more with less.
Advice: Recognize and reward your foot soldiers. Provide clear path for advancement. Listen to and respect the feedback of your employees.
Pros: Innovative company with global resources and reach. Pretty good job security and good benefits. Pay is decent but not stellar. Great daily per diem when traveling.

Cons: Management changed frequently. Priorities constantly changing. Working in facilities, emphasis on cleaning the plant was often put ahead of operating the plant. Promotions were difficult, often non-existent. Self evaluations are a joke. Each department was required to give a percentage of poor reviews, no matter what. Rating on reviews ranged from 1-exceptional, to 5-instant termination. Most employees received a 3-average worker, but someone was required to get a 4-below average. To go from senior tech to master tech was nearly impossible. After submitting an application for master tech, your manager would give you a rating, then the application went to a board of managers and senior managers. They would decide if you were worthy of an interview, although no one on the board may be from your area, and may not even understand your job. Often times people would quit, then come back a year or so later, in a better position, a position that they should have been given while still employed there. Common phrase used in Samsung was, we make logic, we do not use logic.
Advice: The book, "Winning with Accountability" was given out to technicians quite often. We were required to read it, and put the principles to use. Management should use their own advise, be accountable. Quit telling workers they should be accountable, and become accountable themselves. Be willing to listen to the people that work for them, not just give out orders all the time. And promote from within. When outsiders continue to be hired for supervisor positions that have never worked for Samsung, or in the department they become supervisor for, they spend a lot of time trying to learn the area and job, instead of supporting the workers.
Pros: Great pay great PTO. Working compressed work week was nice. Bonus structure was nice, whey we received it.

Cons: Can be a lot of long hours that you are paid salary to work. You can travel a few hours a day and you will not always have working new demo. Some managers micro manage and make the job more difficult than is needed.
Advice: Integrity is what you do when no one is watching.
Pros: Work with amazing people In sales, electronics and big box retail. Be the first to show new changes in cutting edge products. See increases in sales and promotions as a result of your activity..

Cons: Difficult culture to adapt to and almost impossible to have success within as an employee outside of Korea. I've worked in multiple large corporate environments and never seen anything like this. Demanding and difficult to please.
Advice: The company business culture is understandably top down. Leadership needs to work to develop longer term plans that are clearly delineated to the development teams outside of Korea. Running a team in a satellite office is nearly impossible if you can't obtain applicable directives from leadership.
Pros: Dynamic environment that has big budget projects and a huge footprint with the capabilities to do great work. Deep pockets and an abundance of resources.

Cons: Decisions come from Korea and most of the time the US employees it effects are not considered. Very unorganized with how they give you information and resources to be effective at you job.  Expectations at times are very unrealistic and fluff is preferred over quality a lot.
Advice: cultivate your team, provide them with the necessary tools to effectively do job.
Pros: Large company with great benefits.  Flexible schedule due to the fact that you dont work in a office

Cons: Working as a team with different environment and different people is my big challenge
Advice: Sharing and Caring is the best thing to do, between the management and the staff, it has to be Honest and Faithful to each other in order to get Unity.
Pros: Um im very good in IT so i hope working here will helps me improve and learn more about electronics.

Cons: A young software company. No well-established company structure and immature management. Lot's of people coming and leaving. Difficulties in cross-cultural (Korean) understanding. Ultra-conservative approach to management. Difficult to get a raise.
Advice: Listen to your people.
Pros: Despite the long hardware history the company is only making its first steps in software. It's quite flexible. Ambitious projects, cutting-edge technologies. Easy to get funding for some interesting projects. Potential access to a large customers' base (all the people using Samsung devices).

Cons: Very demanding, hard to get promotion organically, work life balance is bad.  Have to manage carefully the often conflicting priorities, not everyone will be happy.
Advice: Improve work life balance conditions for employees, more open to promotion process.  encourage cross team/department team building. personal time off, family day
Pros: Great benefit, 401K match, annual gift, special annual bonus (depends on business results), employee discounts including Kia and Hyundai car shopping. 
Chances to play with many leading edge gadgets

Cons: Company politics, I am happier now at a small company. There is a sense that if you are not Korean, that you will not break into the fold.
Advice: Having time to be creative like the 10% time at Google could lead to a happier and more productive workforce. There could be more of a focus on the environment, like other companies that take climate change seriously.
Pros: Interesting work with top notch company. Projects that I work on were things that family could understand. Organized work environment and professional peers.

Cons: They pay is very low.  They pay the same salary nationally, and living in an expensive metro area it is really hard to budget.
Advice: I would considering offering cost of living raises and other forms to make better compensation.
Pros: Lots of Flexibility with scheduling and hours.  The pay is not great, and you are just based on your reports, but all in all it's a good company to work for.

Cons: I did not have to overwork, But I have heard that, after I left, the work was simply unbearabele and my friends left the company beause they could not take the workload
Advice: Please hire better people at the leadership role
Pros: Food, transport and facilities are free and great ! Pay is awesome. You easily go to Onsite

Cons: 1. Rigid company culture
2. A lot of reports to write
3. You need to be able to speak Korean. Otherwise, you won't be appreciated much.
Advice: - Wish the management set the goals and communicate them to employees
- A lot of talents are wasted due to rigid company culture
Pros: 1. Good system
2. A lot of opportunities to learn
3. One of the best paying job in Korea

Cons: Communication (top level down) has been something the company has been working on. Not necessarily a negative, just an area of opportunity.
Advice: Continue to grow and develop as you have been.
Pros: Company has an outstanding culture and allows that culture to be bred internally without forcing values and opinions. There is a good work-life balance at all levels of the organization.

Cons: Some managers know about the problems with company policy and culture and can't/won't change anything, others just don't care. Business trips must be paid for up front by the employee and reimbursed months after returning. The hotel for my month long business trip in France cleaned out my savings for three months.
Advice: None
Pros: Business trips are great. Weekend pay is not terrible. Older people invite you to coffee all the time.

Cons: It was not easy to keep the work life balance and some times had to work outside the regular working time.
Advice: It will be great to provide the employees better work life balance and more flexible working environment. That will help people improve their productivity.
Pros: The company offered competitive salary and additional benefits. I was able to work with many smart people and learn a lot at work.

Cons: Management / supervising were poor
Most of the employees are here for 1-2 year term from Korea, too Korean-minded
Poor training system and you are pretty much on your own in the beginning
If you are considered "young", be ready for occasional unfair treatment
There is no HR in any other branch except new jersey
Mostly people in high rank position are straight from Korea, and there is no hope for better adjustment for local employees
Advice: Listen and care more about local employees
Being older shouldn't be equal to more authority
Pros: HR people were friendly and nice
Somewhat systematic work role

Cons: They did cut hours periodically so didn't like that aspect. Also, had to get used to working with very small parts.
Advice: If employees are full time they need to make it a stable and consistent 40 hours a week so we feel more assured.
Pros: Working here was great. I was able to be around alot of employees but at the same time, worked independently.

Cons: System-driven instead of relying on individuals' capability. Mediocre salary. Long hours. Very top-down decisions instead of bottom-up. Again, long hours and sometimes weekends.
Advice: Please allow more individual freedom in terms of choosing tasks, vacations, hours, etc etc. Keep up the good work.
Pros: Company structure well-organized. Clear goal-oriented. A massive company moving at a lightening speed. A good reputation of its products and brand.

Cons: Time, it takes up not most but ALL of your day and you don't get creditted for that. You're pretty much on call, if they need you, you go.
Advice: Try being aware some of your employees do have families l.
Pros: The pay is really good first.  The positinerary isn't to bad, drive around and pretty much do your job.

Cons: We are very busy and need more qualified help on our teams. Positions are open, we just can't hire people fast enough.
Advice: Bring in on-site beer kegs like other Boston area tech companies have.
Pros: It's very exciting to collaborate with a global organization like Samsung.
You really feel like you are contributing at a grand scale.

Cons: Progression is a little difficult to obtain, once you are in a role it is really hard to take the next step.
Advice: Keep up the amazing culture and how you care for employees
Pros: Samsung has a culture of leadership and growth in employees, they are always pushing to make the best work force and recruit top talent.

Cons: poor management focus, poor planning on job assignments, you would pass other techs going to where you just came from and you would be assigned where they just came from, not efficient.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, flex hours, use of company car or paid for miles for your car, work by yourself very few times with others, on job training.

Cons: Long working hours and strict working process. Not much creative and fun projects are going on... and so on.
Advice: I think Samsung has been doing great under the circumstance, so not much things to talk about.
Pros: Samsung provides good payment, nice work environment, many oversea working opportunities even to software engineers if employees want.

Cons: Team culture and environment is different by location and team
Advice: HR and finance teams need to change in order for this company to be successful in the future. These teams are the biggest hold back of the company. They are still living in 1980s.
Pros: One of the best mobile/CE companies in the world

Cons: Lack of autonomy.   Korea too involved w day to day business of local operations.  Need to push accountability to the regions
Advice: Trust the local teams
Pros: High focus on quality.   Very innovative.  Strong financially.  Willing to take appropriate risks to move company forward

Cons: Samsung has a highly political environment where perception is everything. Good technical work is not rewarded, sometimes even discouraged. This is a terrible place to work if your ambition is to make a career out of doing good technical work.
Advice: Focus more on building good product. Be more transparent. Hire based on technical ability and cultural fit instead of loyalty at previous companies.
Pros: You can get away with doing very little work as long as you establish the right personal relationship with management.

Cons: Somewhat traditional corporate. Could be hard to take initiative to do your own project due to hierarchical sturucture.
Advice: Be more open to each individual's opinion to be more innovative tech company. Now is somewhat hierarchical.
Pros: One of the biggest, fastest growing tech companies in the world. Innovative corporate. Good transition wherever you go next.

Cons: Foreign leadership demands unrealistic expectations.    Not a positive work place due to foreign leadership.   American leadership does not have a say so in business practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung brings the most innovative product to the marketplace.   They compensate very well and provide great benefits.

Cons: Samsung Market managers lack motivation to keep employees engaged no upward movement within company
Advice: Start promoting from within mosaic bc you kill moral. Even being employees of mosaic you still have great talent under your nose.
Pros: Mosaic is an amazing company

Cons: Sometimes want smaller teams to bite off more than they can realistically chew for the resources available and size, etc.
Advice: Keep looking ahead and focusing on innovation but try to inject a bit more realism into plans, acquisitions, etc.
Pros: Really smart team, ambitious and innovative / forward thinking for a large company

Cons: over controlling everything and every movement and lacks communication from top to lower management
Advice: have nothing to say as the management changed ever since i've worked there
Pros: had a great time there as a sales supervisor , the hours were long but the overall experience was good

Cons: Lack of focus from the company.  Things change in a split second.  Lack of growth, unless your in the club.
Advice: Stop allowing your management team dictate any employees future based on if they are friends or not.
Pros: Pay, checking out the new devices, interaction with people.

Cons: None the company was great. It improved over time and the hiring process was smooth. The employees only asked for commitment from management on staffing issues
Advice: None
Pros: Open door policy for input and ideas related to improving relations between employees. Management was excellent and staffing began to improve over time

Cons: Samsung needs to create a culture of more diversities.
Advice: You need to focus on how you are going to maintain the existing culture and protocols as you grow. I think this could be really tough.
Pros: Good benefit, talented work mates. Exciting projects are going on all the time

Cons: As sales for Samsung steadied, all of the luxuries went away.
Advice: None
Pros: While working for corporate as a field sales manager I received GREAT benefits, a spending account, mileage reimbursing, etc.

Cons: 1) Very bad funding model
2) Headquarters in Korea does not share information with overseas centers and requires excessive reporting
Advice: Advice to HQ: stop micromanaging, improve your funding model and be more open.
Pros: 1) Aggressive and dynamic.
2) Work on good projects.
3) Good career progression.

Cons: Highly competitive, expect lots of hours and hard work.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome campus!
Great benefits!
Gym, fun and dog friendly!
Good people, they listen.
Lots of diversity - culturally and projects.

Cons: Mid level employees do not take any action to improve situations. Very closed minded and do not accept change easily
Advice: Find a way to open the mid/lower level employees minds to the changing business world and its practices.
Pros: Friendly environment
Constantly improving company processes at the macro level

Cons: They are the worst if you have child support taken out of your check! The HR department is a bunch of lazy people who don't do their job. The child support is deducted from your paycheck, but they don't bother sending it off to the proper agencies. This has happened on at least 6 occasions in the last year. Ridiculous!!
Advice: Replace the entire payroll/HR department.
Pros: Benefits, pay are okay. Decent growth potential with the company.

Cons: More contractors, than full time employees
Advice: Convert more contractors to full time employees
Pros: Great pay, great environment to be in, easy to be advanced if you like to work, and sometimes hours can be long but well worth it with bonuses

Cons: Korean work culture is not very progressive. It's very demanding.
Advice: Please stop placing unrealistic goals that won't be met.
Pros: Job stability.  State of the art facility and technology. Good benefits.

Cons: lack of collaboration among different labs with overlapping projects, no housing provided
Advice: It would be much beneficial if different labs working on related projects get to know each other's work and collaborate
Pros: Nice campus, friendly environment, nice cafe and gym

Cons: Vacation time and time off is hard to get. Lots of overtime needed
Advice: Need to be more fixable and listen to employee suggestions.
Pros: Great culture and good people to work with

Cons: Hours are hard...mostly new graduates for new hires.  Culture shock for people not accustomed to diversity.
Advice: None
Pros: People...and benefits.  These items make the day go smoother for the employees.  Benefits used to be more though, however.

Cons: Too much instability, lack of vision from the top such as the idiot President YJ Kim, lack of understanding of research, hardware based approach to software, lazy corrupt and unethical Korean culture approach.
Advice: Stop frequent reorganization
Pros: Nothing major. Decent food. Benefits getting worse. HR is helpful, but Finance is a mess -- corrupt, unehtical, lazy, and completely useless.

Cons: Full time is a lot more hectic
Hierarchy is a bit confusing and flat
Advice: Hierarchy can be made a bit more clearer
Pros: Easy on the interns, not extremely challenging 
Free food
Work is reasonably satisfying
Pays well

Cons: The research mostly is prototyping by computer simulation old stuff done by others 10 years ago. Spinning around with no direction, no meaningful deliverable.
Advice: None
Pros: Good health benefit, occasionally hear some new technology

Cons: People's mind was so bad.
They always say that I don't want this job or company.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was good. 
and benefit also good.
Because they provide free resort ticket and huge bonus

Cons: Sadly my division will be closed.
Advice: None
Pros: have the opportunity to work with different professional people along different branches involved in the development of each style from begging to release to customer.

Cons: hierarchical culture. they maintained low employee turnover through many changes and how long you've worked there is important
Advice: None
Pros: exciting opportunities all around the world. fast-moving. people know how to get things done.

Cons: Long hours but that is expected when you travel
Advice: Over all great company to work for
Pros: Overall great job to work for.  They expect a lot but all gives a lot

Cons: Top down driven culture and executive focus led to setting the unrealistic goals and resulting in inefficiency and demoralizing the organization
Advice: None
Pros: Fast moving and streamlined execution; Great products and engineering focus

Cons: Difficult work environment, need to know Korean to advance in certain functions, limited areas of growth in company.
Advice: Expand diversity hiring in company, expand opportunities for promotion and growth.
Pros: Dynamic workplace, great colleagues, good compensation

Cons: Culture, Management.  Everyone is always on guard. CYA is the norm.  If your not an Engineer you have limited value.
Advice: Need to improve Corporate Culture.
Pros: Good Pay, and exceptional benefits.

Cons: Very hard working and military type command will bw puzzled always.
Advice: Dont work here over 10 yeras or you are genious.
Pros: Work experience but very hard working. You may go to hospital.

Cons: disorganized because too many worker comes and  go
Advice: because big company wrong management so worker comes and go so often
Pros: Big company has a lot to learn

Cons: Management team's processes and policies are not in line with the forward thinking exhibited with products
Advice: Invest in developing strong leadership team
Pros: Innovative and forward thinking with products

Cons: Very busy or very slow at times. Limited training.
Advice: To become more familiar with employee duties.
Pros: Independent work environment. Great management and teamwork. Hard work is noticed.

Cons: You will have to be extra flexible when it comes to the scheduling.
Advice: None
Pros: You get the chance to work with the best products next to the best people.

Cons: High turnover, compensation is only avg., lack of transparency from senior management.
Advice: Stop turnover
Pros: Very flat organizationally and given autonomy to get the job done.

Cons: Too many last minute changes, unrealistic schedule pressure
Advice: Please have a long term plan.
Pros: Smart coworkers, good neighbor, above average salary compared to other local companies

Cons: Low morale, no software support, uses archaic systems: old Windows edition, old Microsoft Suite, gives too many responsibilities for one worker, poor management, poor opportunities for advancement, questionable ethics in management
Advice: None
Pros: Some employees are able to test out products.  Many employees are contractors. No new hires.

Cons: Your ideas don't matter.  You have no life outside of work.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to work with some of the smartest people in the world.

Cons: - lay offs
- frequent reorg
Advice: - good management is critical in how the team is shaped
Pros: -large team, large office space
- various labs (get to interact with others)
-  great benefits

Cons: no true complaints at this time
Advice: everything is going well without any problems.  will continue part time until i cannot work any more.
Pros: a good place to work and play

Cons: Bad communication with college , no one will help you
Advice: Dont do mistakes, even how tiny they are
Pros: Good pay , good hours and great team

Cons: No growth potential, culture problem
Advice: Replace expatriates with locals on senior mgmt. position as many as possible.
Pros: Well known brand which is good to put on your resume

Cons: Poor management and all directions are made in HQ causing cultural differences for daily operations
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a lot of growth potential as Samsung becomes leader in many sectors globally.

Cons: Constant management changes. Bureaucratic culture with parallel Korean management structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Pleasant professional staff work alongside you. Always new products and releases to work on. Superb health benefits.

Cons: not too much, but it is the state of all SAMSUNG companies, too much working hours
Advice: Keep focus on training
Pros: Big Organization to work with

Cons: Tall structure, long working hours, very bureaucratic, slow decision making, high pressures
Advice: Work more, think more, made your own decision
Pros: Good reputation in industry, good salary in Seoul

Cons: - Salaries lower as compared to market.
-
Advice: None
Pros: - Variety of departments.
- Variety of interesting projects.
- Investment in employee's growth.
- Good equipment.
- Bonuses and benefits.

Cons: upper management is not in touch with employee needs
Advice: None
Pros: overall average, sometimes during projects the work life balance could be out of order.

Cons: Somewhat disjointed upper-level leadership. All Field Sales Manager's (FSM's) were moved to 3rd party vendor.
Advice: Get organized
Pros: Great people, and local leadership

Cons: need to improve work culture. managers need to be more responsible. more benefits would be motivating.
Advice: None
Pros: Breakthrough technology. constant innovation and a drive for change.

Cons: - intense work environment, lack of creativity, too much hardware orientation
Advice: None
Pros: - it's a big company so you can do literally anything related to consumer electronics

Cons: All upper managers are rotational staffs from Korea - poor English skills
Terrible work / life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Globally recognized name on your resume
Health Insurance and benefits

Cons: Everything is controlled by HQ (Korea)
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung has very good Health Insurance. Free coffee bar and decent cafe. The HR dept is very friendly and helpful.

Cons: hierarchical work culture, long work hours including weekends, too many reorganizations
Advice: Samsung needs to improve their employee development programs.
Pros: Good Salary, nice office environment,

Cons: little to no work life balance - you will work crazy hours
Promotions are not based on performance but on how long you have been with the company
Management cannot figure out what direction to take
Advice: Get together a good idea as to where the business is going to go
Pros: Coworkers are nice to work with

Cons: Sometime you need to work overtime depends on team and project
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work for female and working mom

Cons: Very fast paced environment. No life/work balance.
Advice: Improve communications to employees from upper management
Pros: Big company. Good procedures and systems. Efficient.

Cons: Korean culture and Korean foused promotion regardless of performance
Advice: Make the company culture global
Pros: Global company with good future prosecpts

Cons: Unstable decision making processes from top management with lack of consistency
Advice: None
Pros: Great work experience with talented and hard working people

Cons: no work/life balance.
political and no straight career advancement
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits.
insurance a plus. 401k

Cons: There are too many complicated processes. It could be made low productivity.
Advice: None
Pros: It has high job security and good working environment.

Cons: Sometimes, required to work during weekend
Advice: None
Pros: Active and professional work environment, good benefits

Cons: work-life balance, work load, management, job security, difference bonus due to cycle
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Bonus, supports, good working environment, nice co-worker

Cons: Too much politics within the ranks
Advice: Be more transparent
Pros: Great opportunity to grow within firm.Options to move laterally

Cons: RF jobs can be very busy or very slow
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Good work environment. 
A Team establish environment.

Cons: Simple processes are over complicated which can get frustrating, no consistency to decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work/life balance, nice co-workers

Cons: Can start running out of things to do as internship winds down.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool project and good interactions with manager.

Cons: Not a lot of focus or commitments to projects
Advice: None
Pros: They empower employees of all levels to make decisions

Cons: too much drinking , if you do not know korean your development is constrained
Advice: None
Pros: Good company platform, training and orientation.

Cons: sometimes the workload is too low, time does not fly.
Advice: None
Pros: Workload is low, great environment, free lunch, no extended time

Cons: No cons whatsoever. Everything is good.
Advice: no advice!
Pros: Awesome place to work. No problems with it.

Cons: It seems to be better so I don't know yet
Advice: None
Pros: Company acquired by Samsung Electronics this year

Cons: No work life balance, no good project management
Advice: None
Pros: Great food, lot of good work

Cons: Koreans are racists, mean and heartless human beings
Advice: Treat your employees well
Pros: Benefits are perfect and best medical cover

Cons: none.  I loved working there.
Advice: None
Pros: great work environment, people were recognized for a job well done.

Cons: long and hard work.
Almost no flexibility.
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits for employers. (insurance, gym etc.)

Cons: Less Autonomy, More Red Tape, More Work for less Pay
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, JOB Security, Fast paced project

Cons: Hard work culture. They expect to work long hours.
vertical culture, matrixl organization
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of opportunities inside the company

Cons: too much favoritism amongst the employees and management
Advice: None
Pros: fun coworkers and you learn alot

Cons: Korean Centric cultural -might be hard for non koreans
Advice: None
Pros: Decent place to start your career

Cons: Sometimes too much of a work-load
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice working environment.
Hard-working, feel proud of myself and toward company

Cons: To many projects at the same time.
Advice: Keep up the good work guys.
Pros: I worked with great people.

Cons: You won't learn much. It depends on the team.
Advice: None
Pros: Free food, good pay and other perks

Cons: Too much focus on competing with Apple and not about handling retailer concerns
Advice: None
Pros: Compensated Fairly
Flexibility in position

Cons: Disorganized
Unclear direction
Lots of fire drills
Advice: Coach for advancement
Pros: Great benefits
Bonuses
Flexible schedule
Deal with different people daily

Cons: working environment , overtime working, overwhelmed. too many work
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good benefit, encouraging co-worker,

Cons: hard working, hard working, hard working,
Advice: None
Pros: great reputation, various challenge and opportunity

Cons: pay is lower than market, GTM strategy is not very sophisticated
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues, good perks, great healthcare

Cons: Worst HR team, Micromanaged, Poor Work Life Balance
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, Projects and Perks

Cons: face paced. top down management direction. too many VPs
Advice: None
Pros: good pay. benefits. good pay.. again

Cons: None, values are good, no complaints
Advice: None
Pros: Training and strong work ethics.

Cons: Receiving a full-time offer is like pulling teeth.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung is a welcoming, hands-on learning environment.

Cons: Demanding schedules and never settling for less than perfecction
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic workplace.  Cutting edge technology

Cons: -->Nothing its all great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: -->Good place to work
-->nice bonus
-->good people

Cons: Hope company will give more benefits!
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment, culture, food!

Cons: 9 hrs of compulsory daily hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great food. Great work. Many possible teams

Cons: none i see no problem yes
Advice: good job
Pros: best place to work yes

Cons: There is too much reporting.
Advice: 0
Pros: The benefits and work were good.

Cons: Time, Long Hours, Time Difference, Locations, Changemanagement
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent, Great, Opportunity, Travel, Teamplayer

Cons: Terrible work life balance, long hours
Advice: Become better leaders
Pros: Great Compensation and benefits package.

Cons: long working hours and pressure for sales
Advice: None
Pros: good salary with sales bonus

Cons: Lots of hours, covers morning and overnight calls
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and innovative products

Cons: Poor management, imbalance in salary
Advice: None
Pros: Good work, excellent learning curve

Cons: samsung is best to place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Good to work but too hard

Cons: Very convoluted decision making around innovation and product risk.
Advice: None
Pros: Hardworking, and technically competent teams.

Cons: Lack of projects, Lack of Direction
Advice: None
Pros: Telecom deployment engineer RF PM

Cons: Not a lot of follow up management
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours and easy job

Cons: Need to work over time
Advice: None
Pros: Food there is very good

Cons: Hard Working, Bad Company Culture.
Advice: None
Pros: A good company for entry level.

Cons: Want expand my experience
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Fast past, diversity in the people.

Cons: Too much politics
No training
Poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Good people but not much else

Cons: bad place to stay longer.
Advice: None
Pros: nice place to start career.

Cons: under pressure in many cases
Advice: .
Pros: opportunities to build your career

Cons: culture, culture, culture, culture and culture
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, interesting work, technology and innovation

Cons: There copier line needs work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with.

Cons: not organized. Slow paced.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot and great people

Cons: Corporate culture is difficult  to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits and nice office

Cons: Lack of process and organization. Expect you to work 12 hours a day. Not enough vacation days.
Advice: None
Pros: Multiculture. Friendly. Easy to learn

Cons: Dictatorship culture, fear tactics, favoritism toward Korean employees.
Advice: Improve the culture.
Pros: Good benefits, current technology, cafe.

Cons: Bureaucracy is near government-level. HR too deeply involved in gauging engineering talents and reviews, so much so that smart, creative, but non-conforming engineers are not treated well. HR knows jack about what engineering does yet they are given power to evaluate? Engineering managers don't have any real power in terms of controlling manpower because of the HR intervention. Performance review is corrupt to the point it is virtually irrelevant. Every year a set percentage of employees are given highest/lowest grade in evaluations, but engineering managers work around it by having their team members take turns taking the lowest grade, completely regardless of their performance. Lots of freeloaders who're there just to pretend to be working and kill time. Too much emphasis on "prettifying" documentations. Why must you use PPT in everything? Encouraging employees to quit smoking was great idea; forcing them to take blood tests for nicotine and checking CCTV / building entry logs to identify smokers and penalize them in performance reviews, not so great and might be illegal in first world countries.
Advice: Keep up the good work! You're still the no. 1 place to work for in Korea!
Pros: Samsung Electronics is a truly a gigantic corporate empire. You get to dog food almost all aspects of your economic life. Company is doing great and spirit is high. Benefits are okay. Great newly built buildings, gym, cafeteria, etc.. Competitive pay in local standards. Well-received by general public. (Company takes up 20~25% of S.Korean stock market in terms of market cap., and also 20~30% of total Korean exports) Senior management is composed of some of the best people in the business who are great at bringing in new bread winning deals and setting the right course for the company.

Cons: Stressful working environment, unrealistic targets set by management, unhealthy competition between employees. Too many changes - of hierarchy, of internal procedures, high employee fluctuation, difficult to keep up. Work overload, working overtime is expected from everybody. Bad work/life balance. There is a lot of guessing without exact instructions from management due to their lack of experience and know-how. Salaries are not fair and equal for people in same/similar positions. No predefined career path for employees, slow promotion system. Too many young employees without experience. Open space offices - no privacy, difficult when it comes to confidential business issues. Too many unneccessary, unproductive meetings. Too much reporting - often a waste of time. Too many internal programs in which employees work, often it is confusing. In theory a good idea for internal control and organisation, but difficult to handle in every-day practical work. Approvals by 3-8 people should be obtained for every single thing.
Advice: Do not hire people without right experience and then place them on important positions.  When hiring a person for an open position, first consider promoting existing employees, rather than hiring a stranger and not giving existing employees the chance to grow.
Pros: Employees are proud to work in Samsung as it is one of top 10 global brands. We get regular salary, and diverse benefits on top. Working environment is dynamic - it is never boring. International colleagues; possibility to travel to other Samsung subsidiaries for training. Possibility to learn a lot about everything. Existing awarding system for employees. Most employees are visionaries, with strong will and dedication to their work and to the success of the company. Many people from outside envy those who work in Samsung and dream of getting a job there.

Cons: Samsung does not have any clear plan to grow and overcome competitors, so time to time you meet illogical business decisions. Lot's of respect to all kind of formalities: if you are older and have some certificates you will likely to always have better performance grades, and your actual performance does not really counts. HQ is company for koreans - all good learning opportunities and resources are provided on Korean only. Work emails are in Korean. If you don't know Korean you will probably know all the news in the very last moment. If you project looks not important to VP you can have no work tasks for half year and that's ok. Situation IS changing to better side, but far from perfect. So I can recommend Samsung only to mentally stable people - still, work is interesting and living in Korea is great.
Advice: Have strength to risk. You tell lots of good things - about becoming more software then hardware company, about becoming "start-up" etc. Still there is almost no action because you fear to risk. You need to have some loud risky project that will blow up a business - small changes don't count any more.
Pros: Lots of different projects across the company to work on. Samsung owns more different businesses that you can imaging. If you find the project you are interested in, you can have opportunity to work with world-wide data and implement this project in millions devices across the world. Great benefit package for expats - flat provided, free meals, free transport etc.

Cons: High stress working environment 
No work life balance, long working hours for almost nothing.
Low working efficiency.
Hard to get a raise or recognition for all your hard work
Skinflint, they make lot of calculation before approving to spend money for you
All decisions shall be made by Koreans, you are just there to think instead of your manager
No career for non-Korean
They have no understanding of international business practices,
No training are given to non-Korean, you are supposed to learn by yourself
Korean culture is too rigid
Strong hierarchical culture to serving management
Quick to report everything to their managers, even if it is lies.
Hiring locals to lay groundwork, to build a work strategy, then quickly replaced by Koreans.
Different attitude towards non-Koreans. 
Favouritism to Korean, all benefits only for Koreans, also your managers will take all benefits due to your successful actions. If you fail, you'll be the only responsible and the one to blame.
No expertise in construction and engineering field
Too hierarchic and slow to make or adopt decision
Too much politics
Racist, arrogant and disrespectful to others
Advice: Trust on locals, many time they are better that Koreans
Change your attitude if you want to have more projects in the world
Open your mind to the world
Meet life balance
Pros: Salary is slightly better compared to other companies.
Opportunity to work with some good quality persons, but it is rare.
You'll have to learn to do many tasks which are not your specialty.
Brand name, working at SCT will open you doors and give you opportunity to move to another company with good valuable move
