Cons: Need to hire more people. Only limitation is the location of the facility but SARC is moving to a new location in July and that should help.
Advice: Don't change a thing!
Pros: Work is very interesting in CPU and GPU development. Very strategic to Samsung's growth to Number 1 position in Semiconductors worldwide. People are technically outstanding as SARC has done an excellent job of recruiting the best and brightest. No ego's policy is adhered to.  Leadership at the Group Manager, Director and VP level is awesome!

Cons: The professional level of the senior managers is not high enough. The lack of team building and strickt hierarchy creates an unpeasant conditions.
Advice: To concentrate on the team-building processes and change the strategy of support of the Korean employees, while decrease the informal oppression of the non-Korean employess.
Pros: Nice team, with employee oriented policy, sich approach provided intention to work and operate. Rather competitive salaries, this alos creates a certain advantage.

Cons: Hard to manage between work and life balance.
Highly demanded work places.
HQ control a lot of work process.
Advice: 
Pros: Good benefits including insurance, PTO and yearly presents.

Cons: ipeople work very hard and competition is strong
Advice: I don't know but manager should be more flexible. More salary is needed to incentivize employees
Pros: it is a global company

Cons: You can face cultural differences as an American working for Korean company
Advice: 
Pros: It has pretty good employer benefit

Cons: work hard , high expectations too much stress,
Advice: evertything is fine
Pros: great benefir, flexible time schedule

Cons: Small branch office in Seattle
Advice: 
Pros: Various high Tech devices launch

Cons: Work life balance is challenging, however if work is enjoyable and fulfilling the balance is not so important.
Too much focus on technical skills rather than leadership, managing change and communication. This leads to frustration and lack of understanding by employees of their roles and responbibilities and how what they do impacts the organisation. 
Too much top-down Korean management style, unfortunately this also applies to many local managers who use this as an excuse not to give feedback or support.
Lack of awareness of skill gaps, managers don't get feedback on leadership capability only revenue i.e. as long as they sell/market/manage products well they will be seen as high performers irrespective of how they treat the people around them. They generally get promoted.
Advice: Encourage collaboration between locals and Koreans, listen to both sides and act rather than pay lip service to Samsung being truly global.
Locals do not see Samsung as a fair company and are often not fully engaged, locals see much inequality between themselves and Koreans in compensation and perks. 
Improve communication across the board, stop announcing changes based on one person's opinion rather than the clear facts.
Move into the 21st Century with regards to people management and systems, the internal experience is nowhere near the external perception of the brand.
Pros: Local employees incredibly helpful especially within same team.
There are pockets of good collaboration between locals and Koreans and things have improved over the last 5 years.
Excellent technical skills, Koreans have great capability in managing businesses.
Products are getting better each year.
Opportunity to learn about working in a fast moving corporation.
Working for a well known company gives you a sense of satisfaction when you read how successful it is.
Company is moving into interesting and exciting new markets.
