Cons: -It is a Korean company:  poor communication from management; employees are treated poorly, especially if you are not Korean; complete disregard for US business practices; you will often be told that Americans are dumb and lazy; excessively long hours; mangement makes busy work (insane reporting of excrutiating detail); everything is a last minute fire drill and half-baked, there is no planning; manage by instilling fear in employees
-Most of US management is young and never really had any true leadership experience.  So, there is no leadership anywhere, just lots of micromanagement.  The lack of leadership depth produces a rude, disrespectful environment.  But they all look "pretty".
-The systems and tools employees have to do their jobs is unacceptable for a Global company as big as Samsung.
Advice: Implement world-class systems and treat all employees with respect.  Let local employees run the company.
Pros: -Benefits are very good:  cost and coverage is best in class.
-Pay is fair.
-There is no time to be bored
-Great brand recognition
-Produces good technology/product

Cons: Really none. SARC is three years old and continues to experience rapid growth and success. I think the design roadmap is challenging and exciting.
Advice: Keep it going. SARC is a unique environment with a bright future. I've spent over 20 years in the semiconductor industry with various companies and this is as good as it gets in my opinion.
Pros: A great collaborative engineering environment focused on advanced high performance and low power CPU/GPU  design. A perfect blend of senior design engineering talent and junior engineering energy. There is no better place for new grads to be exposed to industry leading designs and work closely with accomplished architects and engineers. There is high morale and a shared sense of accomplishment which is not easy to find.

Cons: The problems are just in all other places.

Poor planning, poor communication with HQ, poor work hours and work-life balance. Unclear expectations lead to a lot of rework and inefficiency. Inexperienced management that does not know how to properly plan a project. Massive reporting and micromanagement. Emergencies arise constantly that requires you to stay late for no good reason, e.g. create a demo for a visiting executive who just happens to be passing by to go somewhere else.

To properly gauge work-life balance, check the parking lot after hours or on weekends. Unfortunately, the parking lot here is full of cars after hours and on weekends.

Programmers are given only one monitor. Request for second monitor or more ergonomic workstation is always denied unless you get your doctor to declare you disabled.

This place also takes advantage of foreign workers who cannot easily transition to other jobs. And discriminates against Americans.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are the best you can find out there (because you will need it after you are worked hard).

You get to play with new toys before they are released.

Many dedicated and great engineers to work with. Build up your network with great engineers for a while and leave when something better comes along.
 
You will always hear "Money is not a problem at Samsung".

Cons: Since the Korean management team decided to "take over" an already established highly successful business, they have proceeded to alienate customers and destroy confidence with their management protocol roadblocks, communications barriers, and a lack of understanding in US-style relationship business as a model for success.
Advice: Due to the rotational nature of the management staff, you may want to consider not treating extremely talented non-Korean professionals as disposable, unnecessary, and targets for discriminatory remarks often chalked up to "language translation issues." Review the large number of business areas you have undertaken that have folded/failed within the 2 year mark and ask yourself why...
Pros: Perhaps being able to put the globally-recognized name of Samsung on a resume, even though the words and ideas of "Construction & Trading America" seem to negate that benefit.

Cons: The scope of control of this office has been since reduced to the U.S. only except for Power and Healthcare projects.  The Korean leadership distrusts the U.S. leadership hired to manage the office.  This constant distrust and power struggle is tangible & even new employees with less than 2 months tenure are already begining to realize.
Advice: Trust one another.  If you can't trust then fire everyone but don't waste talented professional's time in an effort that could be described as "Analysis Paralysis".
Pros: Initially the management made it sound like this newly formed Regional HQ for the C&T parent from Korea could really be a one in a life time opportunity but it never panned out.  The office's geographical territory was supposed to be all of the Americas (North, Central and Latin America).

Cons: Being a white american, I find that this company discriminates against the non-Koreans of the workforce. I was given excess responsibility and was set up for failure from the start and If I knew it was going to be an upward battle from the start I would not have joined here.
Advice: Spread the workload evenly and avoid being racially biased with the work load.
Pros: On one hand there are a lot of great things to learn from working here.

Cons: - decision making is rigidly top-down ; top-management mandate rules the business decisions even though they're not the most optimal ones
- samsung can do better in terms of diversity (gender, race, etc)
- there're lots of ethical questions around the huge influence of the chairman family
Advice: None
Pros: - company is doing well so the name value on the resume is high
- pay is decent compared to other tech companies in Korea
- company is trying to adopt more flexible culture i.e. flex-hour

Cons: You must work very very hard. It depends on your division.
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung group will make sure that you will get good salary as similar as intel or higher than others if you have job experience at Apple, Intel, A.M. and so on. In addition, they are  ready to learn your experience as soon as possible. 
Engineering supports from Samsung is great. Once you requests anything which you need, they will arrange that you get what you want.

Cons: - ultra-conservative and a lot of top decision making comes from headquarters in Korea
- can be difficult to communicate to management unless you can speak korean
Advice: None
Pros: - high-growth company, able to gain experience in many projects
- great to experience new product launches and take pride in company success

Cons: It can become very frustrating when orders come from the Korean headquarters. The culture clash is obvious and can sometimes make business situations difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people in the US office! A fun opportunity to learn about the Korean culture. Good healthcare and insurance package.

Cons: processes are redundant,systems in place arent adequate enough to meet management demands, thus workers can feel burned out and stressed
Advice: listen to feedback from your team and forums such as these
Pros: people work hard, excellent products, working for a major company

Cons: Keep telling you there's room to,advance. When positions are available then management outsources for the new positions that open up. Poor communication. management expects a lot and does very little training.
Advice: Train your employees properly
Pros: Decent pay. Not a lot of supervision.

Cons: the management team often lacks the execution of the visions of the company leading to a mis-match in what the corporate goals are and what is being executed
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung has some great opportunities where they offer you the ability to grow yourself through help from others

Cons: -Lots of hours
-Disorganized
-Hectic at times
-Need to have a better balance between work life and social life. Sometimes the hours are way too much and need to be taken down
Advice: -Plan out jobs better
Pros: -Good Salary
-Good work environment
-Surrounded by smart people
-Great company

Cons: management style is like dictator, decision making take place in secrecy, no clear directions.
Advice: should hire good technical directors, decision making should be open and all group members should be kept on board
Pros: good pay, co-worker are nice

Cons: Definitely a line between the Korean management and the Americans
Advice: None
Pros: Company is a leader in industry, no doubt of that.  Great products and technology

Cons: The usual corporate politics and BS.
Advice: Do a better job of controlling the BS
Pros: Interesting technical work, systems level design, which was a good fit for me

Cons: Too much work. Have to work long hours many times.
Advice: None
Pros: nice place to work and nice people.

Cons: No personal life, work and life imbalance
Dominated Korean culture
Hierarchical structure
Advice: Open communication to employees
Bottom up change needed
Willingness to help self-motivated employees
Pros: Top-notched and rapidly growing company
Good salary package
Professional experience
Fair opportunities to grow

Cons: Private opinions cannot be accepted.
Advice: If you want to enjoy your work goes fast, you can do it here.
Pros: With ownership, engineers can learn working together and leading projects.

Cons: micro managed a lot, no discount or employee benefits
Advice: quit micro managing employees
Pros: good pay, friendly co workers, fun work environment

Cons: Management not too understanding at times due to cultural differences
Advice: Provide opportunities for current employees to change departments
Pros: Helpful peers to guide you

Cons: extreme hour, no life, less compensation than major corp, management is very conservative
Advice: learn from google and care about your employees
Pros: great people and good benefit

Cons: Poorly managed by the senior management
Advice: Learn how to treat people with respect and integrity
Pros: Learn a lot of the business

Cons: Military style and many layers of decision makers
Advice: Work Life balance
Pros: Team work and hard work

Cons: Long hours, Underpaid and unfair advantages for some.
Advice: None
Pros: The working environment was ok. Coworkers were very good people.

Cons: too much work. many times you have to work during the weekends
Advice: None
Pros: working with smart people, nice benefits

Cons: not too much about the cons
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit and financially stable company

Cons: HQ is far and has different culture
Advice: None
Pros: fun working environments and values work & life balance

Cons: software part is not good yet.
Advice: None
Pros: world best hardware so you can use it

Cons: Working with overseas Head Quaters
Advice: None
Pros: Trying to improve, Nice work environment.

Cons: sometimes long hours during new projects.
Advice: None
Pros: great learning experience, technically fulfilling

Cons: Busy time management tough schedule
Advice: None
Pros: good salary flexible work environment

Cons: discrimination, upper management, culture, hours, selfishness
Advice: None
Pros: pay, people, customers, benefits, experience

Cons: There is much company culture
Advice: None
Pros: Globally well known company with more opportunities

Cons: Korean entry levels are worst
Advice: None
Pros: No work relax environment surfing net

Cons: Greater Samsung business does not understand Enterprise business
No Work life balance - expect to work 60-80 hours every week if you don't want to fall behind
Customers are affected because the consumer processes are forced on an enterprise business and they don't work the same way.
Higher priority on internal reports, meetings and training even to the point of having field sales people cancel customer meetings in favour of internal requirements
Flexible working policy is frowned upon - must be in the office if not at customer meetings  even though the company is selling mobility as their main go to market in Enterprise space. 
Internal policies and approval chains put needless overheads and inefficiencies on the business. Eg not allowed network connection through ethernet on other floors in office, only your own. Must apply to take laptop out of office every couple of months.
Advice: Learn from other enterprise businesses - how they go to market and their processes.
Don't just talk about work life balance - allow staff to achieve it with reasonable expectations
Allow field sales to be out talking to customers - sales 101! manage internal requirements better (again - just look at the way other businesses manage this).
If they got this right, Samsung would be a force to reckon with - but they are sabotaging their own business with processes and lack of understanding
Pros: Samsung has great innovative products and the team I was in was great and supportive. Pay and benefits were good such as fuel card, car allowance, corporate card etc.
