Cons: Nothing I can say that would be a con.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, competitive salary.no micromanagement, can work from home.

Cons: The executive leadership has completely disconnected itself from the reality of the post-COVID workspace. They lost all compassion for employees and now follow their own desires and feelings of how work "should be" rather than considering actual data when it comes to making decisions that affect the lives of their employees and their work productivity. They have abandoned SAP's sustainability goals. They have abandoned SAP's D&amp;I goals.
Advice: Stop making assumptions that actual data doesn't support.  You are not as smart as you think you are.  Drop the ego and LISTEN.  1:  There are no restrictions preventing employees from working in the office.  If we wanted to do that, we already would be.  Forcing it is foolish.  Treat us as the adults we are.  This RTO policy will cause a wave of quiet-quitting (and actual quitting) and only board/executives will be to blame for that massive loss of productivity.  2:  Your forced return to office policy means SAP has committed to its sustainability goals by pledging to put tens of thousands of cars back on the road over the next few months.  Congratulations on that.
Pros: Over 10 years at SAP and I have found my colleagues to be incredibly smart and dedicated. The work is fascinating. Up until this year, I would have also (and have) said top leadership generally strives to take care of its employees as much as it can though that is no longer the case, sadly.

Cons: New leadership in marketing (seems like they are coming from Microsoft) are bringing a toxic, arrogant culture with them.
Advice: Listen to your employees that do the work every day. Invest more in them and their well being.
Pros: Legacy employees are delightful to work with, decent salaray and benefits

Cons: Up until last year, then when the first round of terminations happened hope and culture slowly became toxic. Terminations happened without any reason, seemed like people where just numbers to ensure Board got their bonus.
This year board got a huge bonus and we had another round of termination.
Managers had no say who got terminated, L1 who did not know individuals dictated the decision.
People who worked with future projects where cut off due to lack of knowledge. AI is future, AI people got sacked nonetheless. 
SAP culture is dead and replaced by a culture of zombie and ignorance, except if you work in German HQ. 
Salary is purposely low.
Recent rounds of termination happens without giving reason as to why, push down from leadership.
Mandatory RTO isn't because of employee empowerment, more because of corporate state TAX implications.
Employees are now just a number, culture is dead, aspirations to do more is dead.
Advice: Always tell the why and don't treat employees like numbers that exist only to ensure some CEO and board bonus.
Start to embrace new ways of independent self controlling, self hiring teams. Treat people like humans not machines
Pros: Over the last 13 years I have loved SAP. Colleagues always wanted to help, when CEO spoke you became proud. First Bill left then Hasso...

Cons: Senior management fears to take measures based on poor performance but takes drastic random measures after years of mismanagement. Sad to watch this play out at the moment, considering the company's potential.

The sheer number of shadow processes, process inconsistencies &amp; redundancies, lack of detail orientation in M&amp;A, and the manic need to allow almost everything for everyone kills productivity, motivation and innovation.
Advice: Simplify and streamline processes with a holistic Enterprise Architecture view.
Create and enforce a baseline that applies across the company.
Pros: Good work life balance
Interesting products with strong potential

Cons: - Salary wayyyyy below market average, no merit increases, the more you stay here the less you make ( SAP average Increases at US are 2% even for top performers), its easier to switch teams internally or leave SAP and return to get a better compensation - or bringing an outside offer.
- YoY record profits that employees are not seeing a penny, but 5 billions EUR for buyback shares ? Easy peasy - Double Board’s salary ? Easy Peasy
- Mandatory Return to Office despite increasing cost of living - sustainability goals just for show - unless the goal is to put 100K cars on the roads increasing pollution and accidents
- CEO with no experience - holds position due father being a politician and founder’s friend.
- DEI is also just for show, if you are not a white german male your chances of reaching L1-L3 are minimal - DEI at SAP is only for the ones at the bottom, the “early talents”.
Advice: None
Pros: Our HR works overtime to delete 1 star reviews on GD

Cons: SAP is not for everybody
Advice: Let us continue on our path to be the number one Artificial Intelligence Functional and Technology Digital Company in the world, for the benefit of our Society, Associates, Customers, Shareholders, and SAP
Pros: Deep vertical knowledge of Industries' Functional, Technical Business Process Management
Top Digital Technology 
3/4 of Global Transactions are executed and managed using SAP Products
Front leader in AI in the commercial and public management systems
Founder values are reflected in the core values of the company, and I consider them top-class for associates and clients

Cons: In my personal expereince, compensation is not aligned with other big tech companies and you have to be strategic in your career moves in order to gain meaningful compensation increases. 

SAP touts "future of work" as a strategic area but the working environment and policies are lagging compared to the industry. 

Board mandates passed down to local HR for implementation often make HR look like the bad guy when really we are just put in charge of operationalizing unpopular policy created by out-of-touch execs in Germany. 

In the US, there is a general resentment towards European colleagues as they get much better benefits and protections from their workers councils. The Europeans think that we are spoiled with high salaries when in reality this is a small consolation prize for the expenses that we incur (employee healthcare costs, student debt, affordable housing crisis, lack of public transportation, I could go on). 

The US usually gets the short end of the stick at SAP since we are expected to produce the most value for the company while simultaneously being the easiest to cut during times of layoffs and cut backs.
Advice: Listen to your employees. Change and innovation are important for progress but you have to balance it. Too much change too quickly is alientaing your employees. I have heard so many people say "SAP doesn't feel like SAP anymore".
Pros: Affordable high-quality benefits in the US and a company that generally cares about it's people. Lots of internal growth opportunities, particularly for someone in the HR field. It's a better than average company to work for, but nowhere is perfect.

Cons: Big company. Hard to navigate and slow to get changes done. But once they get there they do it right!
Advice: None
Pros: Honest, hard working people and leadership. Driven to be the best and always providing opportunities to improve lives of customers &amp; employees .

Cons: The downfall of this company will be that nobody trains the newer generation. I was hired in a group of about 10 other early talent employees, and nobody in our group has seen a promotion. It has been realized the only way to grow is to leave, which is unfortunate because it is a great company.
Advice: No more teams of 50+. I should be speaking with my manager monthly at least, not 2x a year. Management should not be a formula of "work x amount of years and you become a manager". Managers should be truly helpful to who they manage and knowledgeable of their team.
Pros: Nobody is looking over your shoulder demanding you are present and working 8 hours a day 5 days a week, objectives are task based, and if completely with high quality, are trusted in delivery. Benefits are second to none. Great coworkers.

Cons: Compensation could be better.
Poor Leadership vision
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture.
Relaxing.
Good benefits.

Cons: Constant change as SAP evolves business model to full cloud company. Complex, matrixed, processes are heavy.
Advice: Simplify.
Pros: Smart, committed people. Great customers. Great mission.

Cons: People leave quickly in sap
Advice: None
Pros: Good work balance in sap

Cons: Unfortunately over the last 5 years of my 11 years of employment the culture went into the dumps. Constantly worrying if you were on the chopping block and you manager had no input or control no matter how talented you were.
Advice: Continue to offer voluntary early retirement packages and you will be left with no experience just early talent that doesn't have any work ethic.
Pros: I worked with some of the most talented and collaborative people - the company was a great place to work.

Cons: Nothing really, it’s a great company
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: - re-orgs every year
- if you love your role it could change even if you don’t want it to
- if you’re over 50 and a senior expert (i.e., high salary), you will feel like you’ve got a target on your back every time there’s a re-org.
Advice: After 50 years the company is moving away from its German roots and “Help the world run better and improve people’s lives” mission, to become another tech giant that’s a slave to short term profit-taking commercial investors. Change is necessary for growth - change only for the benefit of the stock price is bad for the company’s future.
Pros: - people are amazing and helpful, share knowledge freely and are and supportive
- work changes every year, new priorities, new projects
- most managers support “side quests” as long as they relate to your FT job, e.g., learning a new skill, participating in a short term project in an area of interest
- opportunity to work with people from all over the world
- if you’re in the first 10 years of your career there is tremendous opportunity to move into different types of roles
- when layoffs happen (inevitable in tech) they’re very supportive to affected people and include transition assistance

Cons: Early career growth, internal promoting, exposure to resources
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to incredible network, basic sales techniques, exposure to sales, one on one attention.

Cons: Massive 8% layoffs. Indiscriminately. Especially targeting long time employees. Not much loyalty under current CEO to its employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Used to follow European work guidelines and investing in its employess. Sadly that's disappearing. Used to have great work life balance, but the return-to-office is a bit pointless since many teams will not see fellow members as everyone is dispersed.

Cons: The grow success plays such a little part, I am the top performer &amp; I still can't get an AE role. "Not about what you know, but who you know".
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work life balance, people are very nice and supportive as well as insightful. You will constinetly find your self askig how did I find such a great job,

Pay - amazing
Bonus- the model is phenomenal 
Paternity/Maternity Leave - The best I have ever seen, recently had my son is march and I won't have to go back until august.

Hopefully this informative :)

Cons: Workday can be very Long
Advice: Great managers. Very supportive
Pros: Great place to work !

Cons: pay is not among top tier companies, growth and learning opportunities may be limited,
Advice: provide better opportunities to talented and high performing employees. They have a lot more to offer and can contribute a lot more
Pros: employee benefits, work culture, flexibility,

Cons: Salaries are not the greatest. It's a typical large company. Corporate nonsense is abundant. 
Remote has gone to only 2 days a week. Pre-covid era remote employees are not exempt from return to office.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours
Good learning resources 
Opportunities for advancement if you want it
People describe SAP as a blah company, but it's stable and not going out of business or getting sold. You can move around in your field or geographically within the company.
Use it as a stepping stone to better opportunities or stay because it's as comfy as your favorite sweater.

Cons: Inertia at customers for change, Cloud offering is hybrid, Experience leaving company,
Advice: Find a way to retain the vast experience exiting the company
Pros: Great customer base, Excellent partner ecosystem, Business Area coverage, Value at business level as well as IT.

Cons: frequent leadership changes 
only cares about the bottom line
Advice: None
Pros: good pay 
good work/life balance 
collaborative environment

Cons: Declining employee sentiment due to poor leadership, layoffs, restructurings, and reversals in work location policies. Main issues at the company are a lack of vision, poor quality of products compared to competitors, and struggles with integrating various acquisitions.
Advice: Focus on quality products that are well integrated with each other and can integrate with external solutions. Stop major reorganizations every couple years because you want to shuffle the executive board and they each want to claim their little fiefdom (the business does not work that way).  
Pros: Total compensation is good, though not as high as some peers in the industry. Though a 3-day return-to-office mandate has recently been imposed, general flexibility in terms of hours and hybrid work is still good. Leave time and other benefits are also relatively good compared to other companies (though, again, they may not be as good compared to peer companies in the tech industry).

Cons: Some management teams are conservative.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly, most of them are professional

Cons: things tend to move slowly.
Advice: None
Pros: great WLB
great peers
decent perks

Cons: None to mention at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful, lots of resources available

Cons: Conflicted and unreliable management decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers to work with

Cons: A real good old boy club (Sales)
Advice: More females in Sales Management, less bullys in the Channel Management
Pros: Compensation, Benefits, people, Work life balance

Cons: It's a geared toward the interests and careers of German employees. During recent restructuring, all German employees were protected from layoff, so the US side took the hit. The restructuring is not over, and so U.S.-based people should consider staying away.
Advice: Stop coddling German employees.
Pros: Solid benefits. A culture that tends to respect work/life boundaries. Salary and bonus structuring tends to be good when you join, then it's difficult to get good raises year to year.

Cons: You learn so much in the first 3-4 months and then things get too chill. You start kind of doing the same things over and over, and it's hard for career growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is pretty amazing, you don't really work 40 hours a week (less), and the people are pretty nice.

Cons: Systems and processes are often disconnected or competing with one another.
Advice: Simplify and standardize how you run the organization.
Pros: Many smart people work here. Lots of long term employees (which I regard as a positive sign).

Cons: The hay day of software sales has come to an end across the industry and at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Committed to the vision of cloud and AI

Cons: The pay is very low given that the workload has increased significantly due to changes throughout the company. There are barely any pay increases once a year. We should be given pay increases throughout the year
Advice: Pay the employees more money if you are going to increase the workloads
Pros: Flexible time off, however you still have to ask others to cover your work which feels like another job in itself

Cons: RTO and other broken promises
Slow moving
Politics
Advice: "Keep the promise" was one of your core values. I suggest you have a hard look at it as you broke it for forcing employees back into the office who were hired as remote for many years, working in many time zones with geographically diverse teams, and doing an outstanding job. It is utter stupidity.
Pros: Great caring people
Interesting work
Benefits
WLB was great until 2024

Cons: The SAP Executive Board betrayed its 100,000+ employees on January 9th, 2024, at 12:02 Pacific Time. We received a notification that employees must work in the office three days per week even though we have been a remote culture for at least 15 years. 

Most employees at SAP joined, at least in part, because we had a remote culture. For many years, our LOBs actively supported remote work. We've never discriminated against WFH employees. We had a remote work culture before COVID, and it was critical to the ease with which we navigated the pandemic. Nobody expected the executive board to betray our culture and people like this.

Realistically, I suspect this is all an attempt for SAP to avoid laying people off two years in a row. If they institute a 3-day-in-office policy, they darn well know that a significant percentage of its population will quit. What a shame. I'll probably be amongst them if this policy goes into effect for real in May.

Workday and Oracle Recruiters, get ready! You'll have your pick of the litter as soon as this policy goes into effect. Many of us will probably jump sooner.

SAP, prepare for the brain drain. What a shame. I loved this company.
Advice: Every manager needs to tell every executive just what we all think of this. To a person, every SAP employee I have spoken with is furious. Let's make our voices heard and change this policy.
Pros: I've loved SAP for the last 15 years. They typically do a great job with DEI, purpose, health and wellness, etc.

Cons: lagging in cloud culture mentality
Advice: dont talk cloud live cloud
Pros: great company and place to work

Cons: Politics
Germany has all the real power
Advice: None
Pros: People
Customers
Innovation
Global
Solutions

Cons: Flex to work is no longer flexible. Have to be in office 3 days per week and any flexibility is manager discretion (if you don’t have a good manager, you have zero flexibility). Layoffs aren’t over, minimal raises, no promotions, but more work than ever.
Advice: When you say flexible, BE FLEXIBLE. Go back to 2 days in office with more leeway. Understand and adjust because less employees means less work will get done or everyone will be more burned out than they already are. Very low morale means output will be low.
Pros: Decent pay, if you have a good manager you will have a decent experience.

Cons: Can't move upward, must leave company and return for promotion, jobs posted for executive level already decided before interview
Advice: Don't post jobs unless you're actually looking
Pros: Good pay , good people, good work/life balance

Cons: Corporate Bureaucracy to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and solid place to work

Cons: large company and sometimes difficult to find the right SME
Advice: None
Pros: collaborative with a team environment

Cons: Micromanaging, politics to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and that is it

Cons: Work life balance challenging at times; large company politics and bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good benefits, very good mission

Cons: Still a lot of dependence on ABAP
Advice: None
Pros: Values its employees, puts customers first

Cons: poor decision making, old tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good work life balance, easy culture

Cons: Layoffs have bad internal vibes.
Advice: None
Pros: Not good place to work.

Cons: unsupportive management, lack of opportunities for growth, lack of teamwork, lack of HR support for issues raised
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and Health Benefits. Diversity and Inclusion important at company

Cons: if business software isn't your thing, it could be a little boring
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great people, well supported

Cons: Aside from not actively engaging their employees and making each location feel like an island, they are dumping billions into India while actively removing older employees from their workforce.

Any negative feedback on mangers is ignored by HR.

Statements made the their CEO regarding retooling of employees is a blatant falsehood.
Advice: Find a better company that fosters a proper work environment and actually cares about employees, or should I say non-German employees.
Pros: Total compensation packages, especially benefits.

Cons: Culture is hit or miss
Advice: Communication
Pros: Large solution set to sell

Cons: - customers can be a little rude and impatient at times
Advice: None
Pros: - nice supervisors and are always supporting you

Cons: tough to change roles or get back into the company once you leave
Advice: None
Pros: great work-life balance, pays well, good benefits

Cons: They forced out foreign males in sales who went to winners' circle multiple times or were top 3 on their respective teams to promote females from within who were not qualified. The HR team is also does not listen to anything you have to say and takes management's word for everything without fail.....even when it is obvious they are lying and defaming you.
Advice: Don't mix up things when its working.....
Pros: Great overall ecosystem of talent and people to work with.

Cons: no cons had a great work environment
Advice: None
Pros: great team, provided lunch, good work life balance

Cons: Recently merged strategy and operations functions into one unit, people are really unsure how to operate internally right now. Large restructuring initiative in 2024, large amount of layoffs.
Advice: Clear direction needed to strengthen morale.
Pros: Good benefits, large office presence in Newtown square, free lunch (daily allowance), extended maternity leave policies last year

Cons: Difficult to navigate if you aren't based in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and collaborative culture

Cons: Not good grotwh opps to be in
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work and grow as a pro

Cons: Lack of internal growth from entry level to mid level
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, benefits, pay

Cons: German-centric "not-invented here" mentality permeates everything the company does.
Conservative to a fault, often letting the accountants make strategic decisions, rather than leaders
Ageism very prevelant - very hard to move up or laterally if you are over 50 years old and male
Services work is a fast track to burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Very good pay
Multi-national company with opportunities all over the world
Solid industry reputation

Cons: Layoffs happen in business sometimes and I was part of that situation.
Advice: Have a better plan for good employees when downsizing.
Pros: Good teamwork with enthusiastic and inclusive environment.

Cons: Weak sales culture. A lot of back stabbing people who can’t be trusted. There are a lot of older men who need to retire from SAP sales. There are a lot of employees who are sick or die, from either cancer or stress leave. Lots of drama. Unprofessional behavior from sales leadership. The systems are extremely difficult to work with, mostly excel. Contracts and Deal Desk are outsourced to South America and Europe, which causes unnecessary stress and long hours for the US sales team. Check the Bloomberg articles about two Sales women at SAP reported being raped. And Senior woman were bullied out of their roles.
Advice: Since Bill McDermott left the company has been on a downward spiral. North America is Germany’s puppet. The operating model doesn’t work in the ERP competitive landscape; Oracle and Workday being American companies. Replace your systems for sales and marketing. You’re losing millions by having no central system to capture customer data. Too many men in senior leadership positions. Sales and Customer Success leadership are majority white men and lots of family members. Major nepotism at SAP! Stop bullying certain employees and giving sales AE women and minority men the roles and territories that the SAP white men don’t want. Learn how to effectively sell new business, majority of the sales are from existing customers. Everyone is so busy chasing churn and onpremise to cloud deals, the GTM strategy is not taken seriously.
Pros: A lot of good people Lots of product to sell Benefits are top notch Good cultures in pockets of company

Cons: Not a great challenge with company changing strategic direction often. Little in terms of organic growth as they have pushed channel alignment in lieu of product development
Advice: You riffed too many talented people doing away with jobs we still very much need. The riff was not thought out very well.
Pros: Good pay, awesome culture, great work life balance

Cons: Lack of vision; company lives off prior sucesses and doesnt invest in real innovation. Development cycles are 5x what they should be
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for; prior to layoffs treated employees very well.

Cons: Promotions and raises are hard to come by. Comp system has you competing with your peers and there's never enough to go around. It comes down to who's turn vs who is the high performer.
Advice: Better acknowledgement for high performance and award compensation accordingly.
Pros: There's a lot of talented and knowledgeable individuals at the company, there's always something to learn. Company treats employees relatively well even during the "bad" times. We have announced reductions this year like many company but ours has offered early retirement options, severance, and promotes hiring teams to hire those affected by the reduction.

Many huge enterprises often have a dark side or history related to questionable acts. SAP doesn't really have anything that would be controversial, which I appreciate as an employee and a representative.

Cons: Sometimes operates in silos across business units.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team collaboration in this role. Learn something new every day.

Cons: Slow
Steady
Takes
Spaghetti
Home
Advice: None
Pros: Great
Good
Amazing
Gooood
Fun

Cons: Big company with people decisions perhaps being made from a spreadsheet
Advice: Empower the lower ranks of managers to make decisions - like it used to be - there is too much centralization taking place
Pros: Vast product range and only true ERP + CRM + everything else enterprise company

Cons: Hard to navigate such a large org
Advice: None
Pros: Great HR system and support across various levels of management

Cons: terrible pay, old technology and company vision
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance and stable job

Cons: Culture can be somewhat slow; board turnover is somewhat concerning; pricing/quoting/sales/contract process can be overly (and unnecessarily) complex; recent early retirement and layoffs may have hurt the internal knowledge base
Advice: Pricing and quoting needs to be simplified - including the systems used.
Pros: Compensation and benefits are very good; work hours are flexible; general perks are very good. Stock is soaring right now.

Cons: Unnecessary layoffs when we are post billion(s) in revenue.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of products to gather knowledge in. The people, for the most part, are very willing to help.

Cons: Not company-specific but my role was not that exciting and it was not easy to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: My team was amazing and I loved my coworkers
I enjoyed the comforts of working for a big company

Cons: SAP Restricted mobility for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: SAP benefits are quite generous

Cons: Pay can be more competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid throughout the years. Positioned well for the future with new ceo.

Cons: A lot of couples from the Customer that comes
Advice: None
Pros: Wonder, it was a wonderful time over

Cons: No cons at all I would say
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work in real

Cons: So many org changes and restructures has shown employees are not valued at this point, it’s all about cost efficiencies
Advice: Really try to retain and promote talent, not just buddies of the buddies get management roles.
Pros: Great company to grow and expand knowledge with amazing talent

Cons: No employee related thinking, very business focused. employees are having hard time to reach out for help
Advice: Think for people who have worked with you for so long
Pros: Slow process in software development

Cons: Old technology, not a lot of career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for! Very good work life balance

Cons: Bad politics and silos in teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good money and good benefits

Cons: Large organization with many processes
Advice: None
Pros: Working at SAP you get the benefit of being the incumbent

Cons: Follows industry fads a little too closely now
Advice: Believe in your people and vision for the company and ignore temporary industry trends
Pros: Great people, great benefits, culture is fantastic

Cons: Christian Klein makes all the decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Super awesome people at SAP

Cons: There are distinct teams with focused responsibilities, and there is a current transition towards more in-office collaboration.
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers abundant career opportunities and significant potential for professional growth.

Cons: Pay has declined across the board for folks in past years.
Advice: Continue to be innovative w pay practices

Pros: Flexible, schedules, work from home and fun events as well as pretty engaged executives

Cons: They can't get out of their way! Need subject matter experts to drive strategy and then IT to deliver technology!
Advice: Look at internal talent before hiring external talent! Use your own tools, listen to your own message.
Pros: SAP is a true technology company and you will meet some of the most intelligent minds in the field.

Cons: The company has been changing rapidly internally from an organizational structure standpoint to better serve our customers as SAP has shifted to a cloud-first company. This change has brought complexities with SAP's GTM strategy. Enormous organization with tons of informational assets and people resources but it can be very challenging to know where/who to go to for what.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an industry leader in enterprise software so the big name reputation goes a long way. SAP has some of the largest, most successful companies in the world running on our software so working day in and day out with our customers is extremely fun and rewarding. The sales job itself is very challenging in a good way because there's always something new to learn as the company continues to innovate and there's always new obstacles to overcome with our customers. In terms of compensation, SAP pays sales reps more than almost all software companies accross the board and top performers have a chance to do extremely well every year.

Cons: Leadership constantly using reorganization as a means to attempt to make the business run better, but often doing so with no strategic planning around what the end results are meant to be or the real best way to get there.
Advice: None
Pros: Many interesting technical people to collaborate with and learn from.

Cons: I have no cons to share. I love this place.
Advice: None
Pros: It is very flexible and coworkers are very knowledgeable

Cons: The board seems to not care about their employees as much as they once did.
Advice: None
Pros: Direct management is always willing to help.

Cons: Middle management don't know what they are doing 
Salary is low
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Relaxed culture
Good Opportunity to move around

Cons: The raises have been behind inflation and cost of living.  The company is not stable; constant threat of layoffs; clear goal to offshore as many jobs as they can.  Inequity in pay policies and advancement opportunities.
Advice: Retirement matches could be increased in % or the amount of match to $1 for $1 / at 100%; and the extra stock purchase incentive be offered more than just me quarter for the 50 year anniversary.
Pros: There was a work from home policy but, SAP is adjusting it.  There had been good work/life balance.  Stock purchase plan is nice, but comparable I’m sure to other large software companies.

Cons: net new is difficult to sell in
Advice: None
Pros: big logo, big name, good brand recognition, competitive pay

Cons: - work balance is difficult 
- internal processes need an overhaul
- management is not transparent 
- complex internal network to master
Advice: SAP will need to continue to hire new talent
Pros: - people are excellent 
- customer respect
- complex problem solving with customers
- autonomy to work and be your best

Cons: The culture used to be great. Then they hired an influx of Oracle individuals and promoted more old white men who should retire.
- backend systems and deal desk is overseas and incredibly slow - think 3 weeks for contracts.
- there is no CRM or knowledge of accounts - it’s excel.
- there is no strategy regarding territory assignments
- they have eliminated spiffs and accelerators
- the culture has gone from okay to terrible
- customers are being bludgeoned to select RISE erp even when not a fit and the company has truly only released only smoke and mirrors innovation since 2020.
Advice: Fire the long time sales regime that is not innovative nor up to speed with a beat in class sales organization.
Buy a true CRM
Localize sales support and simplify contracting 
Automate extremely menial processes and simplify contracting 
Actually teach your partners how to deliver successfully
Stop selling implementation like it’s on-prem.
Pros: The US benefits and 401k were fairly strong

Cons: Frequently Layoffs in the last two years
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and work balance

Cons: Again, depending on your manager will depend on how much you receive for a raise and a bonus.
Advice: Get your act together and assist your employees during this strenuous time.
Pros: Depending on your manager you could get a great raise and bonus.

Cons: Long working hrs, and hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefit u could get as insurance

Cons: low salary and compensation, no RSU
Advice: None
Pros: cozy office and nice colleagues to work togehter

Cons: Too much politics and constant leadership changes
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly coworkers and product opportunities

Cons: Lower salary that I had anticipated
Advice: None
Pros: good company culture and teamwork

Cons: recent years layoff always happened
Advice: None
Pros: its cluture is work life balance

Cons: Company is constantly reorganizing and people leaving
Advice: None
Pros: People are amazing and benefits are great

Cons: Work life balance is a challenge you must manage.
Advice: Current leadership in 2024 needs to me more mindful of competition in the marketplace for enterprise resource planning in North America that may not exist at the same level in Europe.
Pros: Company reputation is built on integrity and they are a leader in their space

Cons: Slow innovation, permanent transformation, stress
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, responsibility, functional specialization

Cons: lower pay compared to other conpanies
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance here

Cons: There were none that I can think of...
Advice: Keep people first.
Pros: culture 
people investment
global exposure

Cons: Long hours, and is somewhat bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are awesome. Pay is above average.

Cons: Long working hrs, and hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefit u could get as insurance

Cons: Recently released a sweeping mandate requiring ALL employees globally to be in-office 3 days per week. Will be implementing a stricter performance review policy, and they effectively eliminated our employee appreciation tool. Feels like the company is regressing to an "old-school" culture, as they are doing away with everything that made SAP a great place to work. The historically very positive culture is deteriorating fast, and morale is low.
Advice: Listen to your employees. Feedback to recent changes has been loud and clear.
Pros: My colleagues and managers. Most SAP employees are incredibly knowledgeable, friendly, and fun to be around. Worklife balance historically has also been pretty good. Although I fear that with recent changes, the culture will change for the worse.

Cons: Senior levels are a big mess
Advice: Senior leaders should be more connected with team
Pros: Good work culture
People are welcoming

Cons: Too much manager politics
Fake promises about H1B sponsorship by Manager
Advice: If you can't sponsor please tell while hiring don't play with immigrants visa status. 
Pros: Discounted food coupons
Good teammates

Cons: - Board has become greedy. They fired high performant employees as they are expensive/making more and moving roles to low cost regions.
- No ethics - They said restructuring and will place redundant employees in other roles but nothing offered
- Lot of disturbance and employees couldn't focus on work due to constant changes and no confidence on board
Advice: Please take good care of your employees and they'll take care of your business
Pros: SAP was once a great company with a great culture, ethics, and empathy toward employees

Cons: Over the years I had a couple of managers who I did not think were capable, but they soon moved to other roles and overall the managers have been great.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, SAP has some of the most highly qualified employees I have ever worked with. Company benefits are state-of-the-art. There is a strong sense of teamwork.

Cons: Future of AE is uncertain with GTM restructures, AI, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Great customer base. Regular customers buying often for different projects. Leadership is tenured.

Cons: Product experience still has a long way to go to catch up with the rest of the industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Talented leadership, competitive benefits and salary, great work-life balance. Utterly lovely offices in NYC &amp; Walldorf, DE

Cons: SAP's corporate culture can get in the way of innovation
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has one of the greatest benefits.

Cons: It takes some gumption to make cold calls day in and day out.
Advice: They are doing a great job.
Pros: Managers care and what to help you succeed

Cons: Can micro manage some time
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive environment for new grad

Cons: I only see this company going downhill. They continue to layoff hundreds of employees while making “record profits,” not increasing the salaries of those still there to even match inflation, and have a lot of people working multiple jobs’ workload because they don’t backfill for those they laid off while the board continues to make millions
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work environment and great colleagues

Cons: Low pay. Not dynamic. Advancement difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Straightforward accounting focused work.

Cons: big company-&gt; feels hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: learn a lot
able to work hybrid/remote
good leadership

Cons: Recent Restructure has been very disruptive
Advice: Listen to your people and clients
Pros: Opportunities, Career Development, Training, People

Cons: Travel budget didn't come back after Covid, leaving remote employees isolated. While there, I had a good manager, mediocre managers and a terrible manager. The studies are true...job satisfaction truly relies on the relationship you have with your manager.
Advice: All of the technology-based "engagement" tools will not keep your employees from burning out. Take HR and ombudsman complaints more seriously.
Pros: They pay well and, since it's a remote role, the hours are flexible.

Cons: Getting transferred to a permanent contracted developer position from the year 2022 - 2024 was very difficult. There was a "hiring freeze" that prevented me from being hired full time regardless of how essential my role on the team was.
Advice: 
Pros: Money is great. Experience even better, equivalent to that of developer. Work life balance is great, Since everyone works in different time zones every individual on the team gets to have their own schedule.

Cons: Not the highest pay compared to other big IT companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people in good working environment.

Cons: ability to succeed is very dependent on accounts
new churn policy 
not paid on renewals
Advice: pay structure needs serious work
Pros: good base
high earning potential

Cons: Behind the technology curve
Relatively low pay for entry level jobs
Moving to low-cost countries for a lot of jobs.
Advice: The recent round of restructuring was done in such a ham-fisted way that it puts into question senior leadership competencies. Please don't blame it on outside consultancy advice.
Pros: Good work-life balance
Large organization allows for career advancement.

Cons: Many weak minded employees and complaining as if they are being asked to go to war (hybrid work)
Advice: None
Pros: great environment and mentor structure for early talent, strong benefits, endless education

Cons: nO cons from SA&amp;P tHANK YOU
Advice: N/A
Pros: Master of data symphonies, weaving insights into harmonious solutions, orchestrating success with precision and creativity.

Cons: Difficult to grow in role
Advice: None
Pros: Love the benefits at SAP

Cons: It was a good job. I can't complain.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a good sized company and lots of opportunities to do different kinds of work.

Cons: Wonky processes to get things done, it's Germany-centric
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay, exceptional health care coverage, decent time off, cafeteria and fitness center, flexible hours depending on manager

Cons: - pay increases can be stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: - everyone is friendly and help you develop in role 
- set goals and how to succeed

Cons: Full of cumbersome work processes
Advice: None
Pros: An orderly and stable company

Cons: Killing off sales culture big time
Advice: None
Pros: Good name and good reputation

Cons: Change is in inevitable.
Difficult to transfer to international SAP locations.
Advice: Continue transparency to employees.  We appreciate it!
Don't lose sight on getting in on new technology.

Pros: Great salary.
SAP provides lunch to full-time employees.
Excellent medical, dental and vision.
Outstanding vacation accruals with an additional 5 personal days.

Cons: Finding fully engaged, highly responsive people to help can be a challenge. Reorg going on right now doesn't help this.
Advice: Hire managers who actually have leadership qualities or potential not just the next diversity hire
Pros: Good solutions that the market actually wants/needs

Cons: A bit slow with getting things done since it's a large company
Advice: None
Pros: Love the people at the company

Cons: Germany is being hit with economic disturbances. The economics don't make sense for USD employee's.
Advice: I like to manage myself to stay busy.  I don't like the woke upper management.
Pros: Lunch from multiple vendors with card on site.

Cons: A lot of internal integrations to be made
Advice: Please consider the eligible candidates for the open position, instead of ext or int openings.
Pros: Growing in the right direction

Cons: frequent lay offs at sap
Advice: no
Pros: all good for sap employees

Cons: Recent changes in strategy and structure can be overwhelming for people that like stability
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company with good benefits and respect for employees

Cons: The products are well behind competitors in terms of ease of use and functionality, I feel like I'm cleaning up messes every day. The massive org makes it impossible to find the teams or people you need, so many tools and resources that we're drowning, pitiful raises this year even though we had record performance, unhappy customers.
Advice: It's easier said than done to stay strategic with our customers.
Pros: Competitive compensation, opportunity to transfer internally, great coworkers, challenging and stimulating work, great place to learn and be mentored

Cons: Heavy travel. Challenging work life balance.
Advice: Be more empathetic during downturns. 
Pros: Solid customer base. Surrounded by smart people. Great culture.

Cons: Burocracy. Sometimes high load of work for the office hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Good payment and flexible working hours

Cons: - Did not receive a full-time offer due to them not hiring at the end of my internship
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Supportive Team
- A lot to learn
- Flexible

Cons: The training could be improved as there is complex process that is primarily self taught
Advice: More training for implementation :)
Pros: -benefits, managers, culture, teams, pto

Cons: Executive Leadership is disconnected employee base.
Advice: Listen to employees concers with the direction of the company. Every 5 years or so we restructure back to what we were doing previously and was working.
Pros: Decent pay and interesting work.

Cons: Return to office, the current CEO..and did I say the current CEO. Raises, paying what people are actually worth..and oh..did I mention the current CEO.
Advice: Listen to your employees. They can make or break a company! 
Pros: I used to have many. No longer have one.

Cons: Not great stock options here
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance here

Cons: I am happy with my salary. No Cons
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good work life balance

Cons: Lots of people to get to know- processes are cumbersome
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity and freedom

Cons: job future uncertainty makes long term planning hard
Advice: decrease uncertainty or risk losing many good people
Pros: make a difference to our customers

Cons: I had several meetings at odd hours because most of the team was based in Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros include a plethora of learning opportunities, supportive environment, and work model freedom.

Cons: Too much control of power at offshore Labs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: Cons of SAP may include complexity in implementation, high costs for small businesses, potential for system customizations, a steep learning curve, and occasional challenges in customer support responsiveness.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at SAP offers numerous advantages, including its global presence, commitment to innovation and technology, and a diverse and inclusive workforce. Employees benefit from career development opportunities, comprehensive benefits, and a strong emphasis on work-life balance. SAP's corporate social responsibility initiatives contribute to a positive impact on communities and the environment. The company fosters an inclusive culture that values the contributions of all employees and promotes collaboration. SAP's recognition and rewards programs, continuous learning culture, and innovative workspaces further contribute to a positive and fulfilling work environment.

Cons: I can’t think of any disadvantages that other big tech companies wouldn’t have
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and flexibility on your schedule. Managers very open to hear employees

Cons: HQ in Germany, so reduced visibility to leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Large enterprise with focus on people. 
Very competitive with benefits, salaries and perks.

Cons: SAP used to be an excellent place to work back under the leadership of CEO Bill McDermott. Those days are gone. Thankfully, the current CEO Christian is pretty good. Although the management team in the front office is not as strong as it’s been in past decades, C’est la vie.
Advice: None
Pros: Been working at SAP for almost 2 decades. Now in 2024 it’s a pretty good company to work for. Benefits are solid, industry positioning is semi solid, big company politics are as expected.

Cons: Employment is not as stable as it used to be, restructuring in past two years has morale and motivation low. Work-life balance is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is reasonable, opportunities are good, A lot of latest tech is available to you.

Cons: The German culture does show and most often, if you get to work for some there, it can be tough. They are very matter of fact and usually have an unemotional approach to everything.
Advice: None
Pros: They are a decent company, however it will all depend on who you work for.

Cons: Toxic Team members
Dependency creating long timers
Credit Stealers
Zero Transparency
Pay hike not based on work performance, but purely based on acting performance and managers preference
Advice: Look after employees and your workforce rather than rattling them off not to ask for raise or question management with the word layoff and restructuring
Pros: Wide array of tools and technologies to learn
Free access to learning platforms
Car lease policy
Free lunch &amp; transportation

Cons: Conversion only if they have budget
Advice: Keep your interns with you.
Pros: Good work culture
Good network

Cons: Progressions are slower than other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work for any role

Cons: RTO even if you don't have coworkers there at new office.
Current CEO is out of touch with yearly layoffs.
Advice: Would it matter ?
Pros: Salary, vacation time. Unlimited sick within reason.

Cons: Benefits are made worse and worse every year.
DEI is ONLY done in name, not in reality. No budget is ever given to the topic.
Everything is a bureaucratic nightmare of processes layered on processes. 
Executives are worthless. A year or two after something is trending, they will latch onto it, and push it like nobody's heard of it before.
Advice: Fire every exec and board member that Hasso Plattner has recommended or mentored, and get fresh people in that he has no influence over. His picks are all duds. Christian Klein, in particular, shows no semblance of real leadership.
Pros: Lower-level, direct management has been amazing my 5+ years here.

Cons: Executive Leadership is disconnected employee base.
Advice: Listen to employees concers with the direction of the company. Every 5 years or so we restructure back to what we were doing previously and was working.
Pros: Decent pay and interesting work.

Cons: Depending on team, required to work on different time zones.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, learning platforms

Cons: less pay so becareful when joining
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and very good wlf

Cons: Return to the office being mandatory as of Q2 '24
Advice: None
Pros: Good teammates to work with

Cons: Huge disconnect between global leaderships' growth strategy and realistic expectations/quotas for individual contributors.
Advice: Build global growth strategy in collaboration with your direct employees not Wall Street.
Pros: Great direct company culture and plenty of intelligent resources to help you close deals.

Cons: No room for growth. Progressions once every 3-5 years. Raises do not keep up with inflation, making less than when I started 7 years ago. Aggressive RTO policy. WFH was my favorite (most important) benefit. 3 days in the office mandatory and enforced, vut not enough workspace for employees. Demands increase every year while rewards go away.
Advice: Use the carrot not the stick. Start rewarding employees instead of threatening them. Promote people and backfill when people leave.
Pros: Great colleagues, free/discounted lunch, 40% match on 401k up to 6% of salary.

Cons: Return to office 3 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and training

Cons: Slow to change - very much pivoted back to Germany after CK became CEO (has made a lot of good changes).
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. If your role is embraced by the 'Core' team, SAP can offer you a good job / career.

Cons: lots of work
lots of stress
lots of people
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus good pay
good people
good pay
good people

Cons: - horrible management in almost all departments --&gt; too many people being managers without proper qualification but based on tenure or nepotism - no innovation power or corporate vision - very "German" as the exec board consists of a few buddies playing soccer in the same hobby team - Hasso has become a burden vs an asset (which he was for so many years) - Ageism galore - questionable view on D&amp;I - non-existing HR function (they are pure administrators) - most boring stock there is (attracting dividend shareholders, thus company does not take ANY risk or drives innovation) - poor compensation if you're not hired in the last 2 years
Advice: - management has lost the regular employee or mid-management - too political to drive innovation and growth - nepotism kills motivation, do some sentiment analysis and you'll see that 90% of employees are coasting and have mentally quit
Pros: - huge product portfolio with a lot of good tools - huge organization with ample opportunity to shift roles - usually very social employer (exception lay-offs in Feb 2023 which was super poorly managed) - ok brand

Cons: A little unstructured internship program
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team, very helpful and kind

Cons: less pay compared to peers
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits and work life balance

Cons: bad product, lots of changes in direction
Advice: None
Pros: chill environment but lots of favoritism

Cons: Management is horrible. Very “straight white male” so if you’re female, a minority, or anything other than straight, don’t even bother. You will be grossly underpaid in comparison to your colleagues and if you complain, you’ll be removed. And trust me, they’ll find some asinine reason to do so.
Advice: Review and act on the people survey results. If a manager is getting a low NPS or they’re in the negative, they are the problem, not the team! And when it happens to be negative two times in a row or more, that should be an even bigger red flag. Just because the manager use to be a board members assistant doesn’t mean they are management material.
Pros: Amazing colleagues and if you’re in the right team, it’s a great opportunity to grow and learn.

Cons: Need more leadership transparency at board level
Advice: Look at more options vs layoffs
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay
Good culture

Cons: Would like more transparency to what it takes to level up whether it be next level as individual contributor or leadership
Advice: Investing in the midmarket team can only help drive more revenue
Pros: Good culture, good pay, good product

Cons: 2024 return to office policy, global numbers game with recent restructure
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive benefits and salary, great work-life balance

Cons: Starting to implement a hybrid model vs. 100% remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible people, amazing benefits, flexible working location, and ability to move roles around the company based on interest.

Cons: Sales mgmt needs a complete overhaul. It's still very much a "boys club" with an extreme amount of corporate politics. The goals are unrealistic, yet the company still shows it's making their number. This is due to the company placing a higher quota on the sales org than the companies anticipated financial performance. There is a significant gap in the "haves and have nots" amongst sakes reps. 
Not all territories are created equal by a long shot. It takes a long time to build up a pipeline and close deals. If you are not making your number or very close to it within a year, you WILL be managed out, even if you're on the uptick. Managers will remove s significant number of reps on their team and the company will not even consider looking at the leadership qualities / styles of its sales management. Lastly, the training is lacking. The expectation is what I would call, trial by fire. In my first year, I wasn't shown a demo of the core product itself. The HR department is negligent at best. HR complaints almost always side with the company even though they boast of policies in place to support and protect employees. Extremely hypocritical. I've witnessed numerous cases of this in my 5+ years with SAP. Lastly, you're expected to work 40+ hours consistently. I was told numerous times since I've been here...this is NOT a 40 hour a week job, period." There is little to no life balance, but yet we are told this is "being worked on" at Sr leadership levels. Certainly NOT in the sales org.
Advice: Evaluate your sales leadership further vs. churning through very good reps with many years of software sales experience.  Many leaders simply "blame their reps &amp; manage them out" when performance suffers to save their own jobs.  The Sr leadership simply turns the other way.
Pros: Large company with a significant amount of internal support for the sales org. The benefits are very good in my opinion as well. Sr leadership has a decent vision of where the company is going and needs to get to. SAP hods a high amount of dominance in the ERP space globally. The partner network int he US and globally is very strong as well with a lot of options and niches available to the diverse portfolio of companies who use SAP products.

Cons: Culture and leadership is better in core SAP divisions compared to the ISBN division, which is composed of Ariba, Fieldglass, and Concur.
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, benefits, and overall compensation. Flexible work environment, good work/life balance.

Cons: Destroying mental heath of everyone dragging the layoff for more than 3 months after announcement in January
Advice: None
Pros: Not applicable
Not applicable 
Not applicable

Cons: Destroying mental heath of everyone dragging the layoff for more than 3 months after announcement in January
Advice: None
Pros: Not applicable
Not applicable 
Not applicable

Cons: - Dishonest, greedy, and untrustworthy company leadership. They blatantly lie to us about not having layoffs. - Over-engineered, low quality proprietary technologies - No QA staff at all (they were laid off years ago) = low quality products, high pressure customer reports. Culture doesn't properly account for testing. - Commitment to user experience was non-existent until recently, and there is a very, very long way to go to catch up with competition - RTO means 3 days in the office unless you have executive approval - Career progression is based on tenure instead of merit. Your hard work may be rewarded by RSUs and a pay increase if you're lucky and a high performer. But actual promotions are based on a schedule. If you're good at your job, be prepared to be placed in a role that you aren't properly compensated for.
Advice: Why bother with advice? It's obvious where the company places its values. SAP is adopting the standard corporate adversarial stance towards its employees. It used to be different. It's the same as any other no-name corp now.
Pros: - Most managers try to respect your work-life balance. - Schedule is very flexible - Lots of interesting technical problems to solve. - Respectful and inclusive work culture - Global workforce means you'll work with people on every continent - Strong benefit package compared to employers in my region

Cons: Company restructure gaining work extra responsibilities and no extra pay. No clear direction and leadership letting sales get away with setting incorrect expectations creating monsters. Horrible place to work! Not the same SAP.
Advice: The pressure is understandable it’s not you, it’s CK.
Pros: Benefits are very good, but insurance co-pays are increasing.

Cons: There are some challenges internally within the teams on processes and red tape, trying to get deals done. You need to be a serious self starter to figure things out on sometimes.
Advice: Find a way to improve the processes when putting deals together or our customers.
Pros: SAP treats, their women in account executive and leadership roles equal to the men.

Cons: Large orgaization, Germany centric set up can be challenging for global employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, smart people, global opportunities

Cons: Potential for 100% travel. Lots of organizational changes.
Advice: Need to consider employee input before making global decisions that effect employee perfomance
Pros: People centric and great training

Cons: - RTO
- Below Market Salaries
- Yearly Layoffs 
- US Jobs moving to low cost countrie
- Tone-deaf management
Advice: None
Pros: I would like to know as well

Cons: Work-life balance can be difficult to accomplish depending on your group.
Advice: None
Pros: Many learning opportunities for your career growth

Cons: Constant change requires new information every few months, which may be overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: Constant change, taken place every year, leading with new technology and innovation.

Cons: the power center is definitely shifting back to Germany
Advice: None
Pros: you can expect good Work-life balance

Cons: Horrible management, I mean extremely incompetent. These people should be restocking my La Croix to be honest...
Advice: Hire better
Pros: Good company, decent pay with good perks

Cons: Company does not have stable direction.
Advice: Provide a better go forward plan.
Pros: Great Colleagues to work with.

Cons: Lack of career path for employees.
Advice: Better career paths.
Pros: Strong company, good working conditions, good salary.

Cons: My career trajectory is a bit rocky currently. Company is going through some changes, but things should be getting better.
Advice: None
Pros: * ton of sales training, with lots of one on ones to help you prosper in your career
*Great work environment, and lots of recognition for hard work

Cons: None, it is an amazing place to work.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great working environment and office.

Cons: Constant leadership change, hard to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, remote work options .

Cons: SAP must continue its drive to the cloud with laser focus while leaving no customer behind. This is evolving nicely, though.
Advice: Stay the cloud course, sharpen the AI focus but not at the expense of ERP in the cloud, but as an addition to the core value of SAP ERP
Pros: Amazing professionalism and knowledge of colleagues. Amazing Brand power. Great customer base, the IT backbone of global commerce.

Cons: A lot of changes recently
Advice: None
Pros: Great people who are very willing to help you grow within your career

Cons: Not really much to share here
Advice: Should really engage with the sales floor more
Pros: Leadership and Energy in the office is amazing.

Cons: SAP Just announced mandatory 3 days per week return to office policy after years of promises of Flexible work choices continuing. Even before the pandemic my team came to the office 2 times per week at most. There are also signs that we may be headed towards a stack ranking type performance review after years of leaving it to individual managers. I have lost trust in a company I’ve enjoyed working for, for a decade.
Advice: Keep your promises!
Pros: Remains to be seen if work/life balance remains a big pro to this company

Cons: Global company. Tough to move positions if located in US
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Solid processes and procedures in my area

Cons: Can be a little confusing when you first join the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and workplace environment!

Cons: Lower pay than typical tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is very nice, great people

Cons: no empowerment. all decisions made from Waldorf Germany and you're expected to fall in line
Advice: None
Pros: some great leaders and co-workers

Cons: The biggest con of SAP is the executive board. For the past several years the board has been seemingly trying their hardest to destroy employee trust. During the pandemic they lied to all of us, promising that they were embracing a flexible work environment. Only to do a complete 180 and now requiring every employee globally to be in an office 3-days a week, regardless if you are 2 hours from an office and regardless of personal circumstance. I will no longer suggest SAP as a good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: The best part about SAP is undoubtedly the people. I have met some of the kindest, smartest, most incredible people working at SAP.

Cons: So much to learn so little time.
Advice: Provide career planning for people.
Pros: People, Strategy, Products, and benefits. Did I mention People ?!

Cons: No motivated or talented devs
Advice: Attract more youmg talent
Pros: Free food,Like alot of it.

Cons: low pay, some technical debts
Advice: None
Pros: good WLB, not a lot of politics

Cons: Being on call evenings and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Life-work balance
Salary
Career advancement

Cons: I don't know the shortages
Advice: None
Pros: very good and work life balance

Cons: Location of HQ
Size of organization
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Vacations
Work / Life Balance
Diversity and inclusion

Cons: Backend systems could be more nimble.
Advice: None
Pros: Leading software and very proactive in solutions for customers. Great collaboration. Great culture.

Cons: Bureaucracy, slow for company to adapt to outside changes
Advice: None
Pros: Well supported employees, excellent benefits and high salaries

Cons: - Career growth is limited to the point that you risk falling behind your industry peers
Advice: Less politics, less German management monopoly.
Pros: - It's not a high pressure environment
- People are generally friendly

Cons: The small company for which I worked was not onboarded into SAP well when it was acquired. As a result, it took a long time for us to learn SAP's structure - particularly sales and project management.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP actually does care and tries to take care of its employees.
Compensation is good.
Company culture is supportive.

Cons: Relatively dated German management style that is yet to understand the value that the internet can bring to drive awareness and ultimately growth
Advice: None
Pros: Oportunity to work with some of the largest companies in the world, along side of some of the most talented people in the world

Cons: The organization has an opportunity to consolidate as one whole organization. Their multiple investments sometimes behave as a separate org.
Advice: Allow for skip level one-to-one and become One. I think SAP is an outstanding organization. Become one full organization, do not let acquisitions separate from the values and mission. Have full visibility over the structure, over employees &amp; leaders behavior without glass ceiling... This will allow SAP to roar and lead and grow with excellence and become the number 1 in the market place. 
Pros: They care for the employee wellness overall, development and growth

Cons: Processes can slow down the actual work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Good people to work with.

Cons: Low acceptance rate in Interviews
Advice: None
Pros: Good salery and lots of benefits

Cons: Culture is rapidly declining as layoffs are the new norm. Opportunities for advancement are few. Pay is very low.
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues
Work life balance

Cons: Limited growth potential although pay is good.
Advice: Cut down the number of levels and no-value add managers/execs. Too much duplication.
Pros: Sufficient freedom to do what you need to do.

Cons: Underpaid
Hard to move up
Products need major improvements 
Renewal rates Dropping
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work life balance 
I've explored 3 different roles within the company

Cons: reducing customer interaction by moving to shared service model and 100% self-service and AI support
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexible work arrangement, ample career opportunities, learning opportunities

Cons: high pay disparity among employees
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and great benefits

Cons: Getting bigger so harder to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: lots of smart people and energizing work

Cons: RTO
Salary is low
New board destroying WLB 
Low morale
Advice: 
Pros: Great coworkers that will work hard to meet customers expectations

Cons: Leadership has decided to enact a sweeping RTO policy, even for those hired into remote positions before the pandemic. 

Difficult to obtain fair pay raises as an internal employee, regardless of performance. 

Unsupportive management
Advice: Listen to your people. Happy employees provide the best results.
Pros: The people. This company has some of the best people.

The culture was also wonderful but it seems to be changing.

Cons: They betray and lie. And they smile while doing it. Just two years ago they sent an email stating how they’re going to allow us to work from home because it’s better blah blah blah. Well - lies. Now we’re going into the office for no reason. Our teams are scattered all over the world, so there’s zero benefit.

Also, managers don’t get held accountable. Mine threatened me and my family, yet he’s still there.
Advice: Change your mind about RTO. It’s demoralizing, and will not allow employees best performance.
Pros: Free lunch is a plus

Cons: Sometimes life balance was hard to achieve with the workload, but I knew that going in as a project manager working in Professional Services.
Advice: None
Pros: I really liked the team and my boss at SAP. Pay is competitive and benefits are great. Lots of training us up on our skills.

Cons: Office politics and favoritism, managers and execs whose only job has been with SAP and literally have no idea of how different the outer world is. Old mindset, D&amp;I only on the surface and, overall, leadership does not walk the talk. Very disappointing.
Advice: I would suggest to try something new, but you cannot teach an old dog a new trick, I am afraid.
Pros: Lots of learning and access to great talents. Huge customer base. Good benefits.

Cons: Impossible to advance if you are not based in Germany. Multiple teams working on same projects.
Advice: Mandate advancement criteria for managers to follow to prevent holding on to top talent preventing talent to grow.
Pros: Benefits good with global interactions broad range of topics.

Cons: Management is not qualified at all.Short sighted
Advice: None
Pros: Office location is expensive and scenary good

Cons: STRESS Work , NEW PROJECTS , Skill development low
Advice: None
Pros: HOME OFFICE and TEAM SUPPORT

Cons: Low pay and no good stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for full time.

Cons: Sometimes it feels too big
Advice: None
Pros: Being a large company there are growth opportunities across the business but you need to take the initiative

Cons: Return to office mandate
Board giving themselves huge raises
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworkers which I can happily talk via teams

Cons: Recent announcement retracting Pledge to Flex allowing employees to work from where they work best. Now mandating 3 days per week at the nearest office - even if you don't have anyone there on your team.
Advice: Walk back the 3 day per week mandate and trust your employees to do the right thing for the business. Our results demonstrate for themselves.
Pros: Used to be great benefits, some still are, but some of the best are eroding away.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work it was fun while it lasted.

Cons: Management need to shake up; lack of direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, life work balance. Peers supportive.

Cons: Can't really think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a rotational program experience that allowed me to explore different teams and their dynamics

Cons: Has become to HR structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and learning opportunities

Cons: Very large so not in tune with details for each area product needs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and Competitive salary.

Cons: The company is passing through a transition but it is going very well
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and work environment are great

Cons: Full of old technology, old business processes, and long tenure employees who are stuck in their ways. They play politics and do everything they can to push out people who bring in new ideas and business practices that could shake up the status quo. Cares ZERO about diversity. Diversity officers don't have any power or direct reports.
Advice: The company will never succeed if you aren't able to retain and support people who actually want to help the company evolve into something modern. 
Pros: Good benefits and healthcare options.

Cons: Can't think of any at this time.
Advice: Keep up that great work!
Pros: Strategic company that enabled the sales team.

Cons: The amount of uncertainty with staff reductions around the world was worrisome. Too many times we spent effort in wondering if we would be the next ones to lose our job.
Advice: None
Pros: It was great to work with people from all over the world. The company has good benefits and a wonderful inclusive policy.

Cons: low salary. Work is boring.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance. Many holidays.

Cons: telling people they're family to get them to buy into a skewed work/life balance is at best misleading. very focused on employees in "low cost" countries, as opposed to the best talent for the job too many re-organizations (3-4 managers a year is common for many) negotiate your salary as high as possible going in, you may never get more than a cost of living raise ever again ("sorry it's just not in the budget this year"... every year) accomplishment is very driven by adjusting to manager personalities and not necessarily your work (although there are good managers there)
Advice: Truly be an advocate for your employee - learn to manage up when leadership is asking you to do things that are incongruous with being a good manager. Senior leaders: while reorganizations are inevitable, and they occur more frequently now as the pace of change in the world accelerates, be conscious of the stresses this puts on individuals as they have to navigate new leaders, new teams, new work. Change isn't easy, change management is usually nonexistent at SAP down at the "worker bee" level... and that needs to change, itself.
Pros: great benefits my leadership was overall very good

Cons: Work is not going to be exceptionally inventive. Very bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Very stable. Good work-life balance

Cons: 1) not great benefits compared with peer companies in bay area
2) very limited RSUs
Advice: None
Pros: 1) Accrued PTO
2) flexible work locations in bay area

Cons: Pay is below average. What flexibility we had to work from home and contributed to our work life balance is now gone. 3 days in office mandatory, for no good reason. The team I work with is spread out globally.
Advice: Give us flexibility back. The only reason to accept low pay was flexibility. Now that it is gone, it is not worth it to stay.
Pros: Awesome coworkers and managers. Great benefits. Higher education tuition assistance.

Cons: Little chance for advancement or growth
Advice: Don't terminate employees based on age 
Pros: SAP did offer geat benefits

Cons: But they are CONSTANTLY transforming to the point of "change fatigue"
Advice: None
Pros: The company is trying to do a great job with it's ransformation.

Cons: Bureaucratic for a tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Attempts to treat employees fairly.  Interesting products and market offering.

Cons: Little bit slower in making major tech decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great work ethics and easy to work with cross teams most of the time

Cons: Believes in hiring new hires, lower cost and eliminating previous employees
Advice: None
Pros: Company pays well good vacation policy

Cons: Hard to get ahead outside of Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, lots of perks

Cons: Bad money for competent people and poor culture- ppl care more about networking than doing well
Advice: Transfer decisions to the USA and pay for good engineers
Pros: Good work life balance for sure, and a product that is central to business and can’t be changed by existing customers.

Cons: Continuous reorganization and changing leadership
Advice: Invest more in the employees
Pros: Good benefits
flexible and hybrid work options
Lots of room to grow

Cons: not much career opportunity. Pay grade will depend on your task, not your capability.
Advice: None
Pros: have work and life balance

Cons: Can't really think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a rotational program experience that allowed me to explore different teams and their dynamics

Cons: The main one - Christian Klein
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work until April I guess

Cons: Not much room for growth, internal politics
Advice: More one on one meetings with employees.
Pros: Access to new tech, Lots of opportunity for learning, work/life balance, flex/hybrid remote

Cons: Not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Subsidized lunch and remote work

Cons: RTO
Yearly layoffs
No such thing as rewarding high performers
Advice: None
Pros: I am not homeless; for now

Cons: Stagnant in strategy and limits growth in ambition for margin
Advice: None
Pros: Pays for talent and celebrates success

Cons: Constant changes to role and expectations so never same year to year.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training, and a positive work environment

Cons: life /work balance is at times out of control
Advice: Listen more to the wisdom of the crowd
Pros: Opportunity for global exposure; develop your own career path; appreciates hard work, intelligence and communication talent

Cons: RSUs are managers descrete
Management
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture
Work life balance
Benefits

Cons: There are several people doing similar roles or job functions as you since management use them to speed up, weed out and cross-train employees for current and future projects including consulting work with outside clients.
Advice: Less intra-staff competition and more focus on developing individual talents to meet company and employee's goals.
Pros: A good company that supports its employees with extensive training and learning options, sufficient input from management about structured job responsibilities for various projects.

Cons: Pointless return-to-office policy announced in 2024
Layoffs...again!
Advice: Please do not drag out restructuring and layoffs over months.
Pros: Good work culture
Benefits
Employee friendly policies

Cons: Management executives sometimes difficult to work with, strange and narcissistic, uninformed and hiding it - so that is dishonest, critical, selfish rather than loyal to SAP’s long-term success.
Advice: Hire from within, those who are honest, hard-working, normal in social behavior, care for employees and company, know how to do the regular work. No narcissists.
Pros: Great peers, salary, benefits working here.

Cons: Little room for growth or upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Team
Training 
Collaborative
Interesting work

Cons: RTO ( Hybrid ) 
Layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Engaging Work Environment
Career Development

Cons: sap has little interest in sales people and no diversity
Advice: None
Pros: decent money, complex exciting sale cycles

Cons: can be slow in projects
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance
people friendly

Cons: hard to develop career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good People
Good Benefits
good WLB

Cons: Silo's
Frequent Restructuring, need to scramble to find new positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Strong Company 
Industry Leader

Cons: On projects, work life balance is poor and your manager you are under will greatly determine your experience.
Advice: None
Pros: The openess of SAP. Environment for learning and sharing information that is hard to find in the consultant industry.

Cons: Nothing I can think of as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is having loads of good technical work. Good learning opportunity. Good flexibility.

Cons: Was re-orged multiple times as company made significant directional changes. Still feels like there are too many siloes and many job functions where people stay narrowly in their lanes.
Advice: Innovation and 'telling it like it is' feels foreign. Leadership decisions at all levels feel like cautious baby steps, with limited opportunity for entrepreneurial employees to shine outside of fringe/niche roles.
Pros: Good Benefits; Relatively few layoffs during my time which overlapped with big changes and a global pandemic; Comfortable place to work if you are looking for a long-term home; Most people are nice to work with.

Cons: Board doesn’t care about employees anymore, just bottom line
Advice: STOP the Return to Office (RTO) mandate!
Pros: Not many left these days

Cons: Large company - lots of processes
Advice: Be transparent, Be agile, Be empathetic,
Pros: Phenomenal team culture
Wonderful Work Life Balance with Flex Work (Remote)

Cons: Culture of overworking and some slight prejudices
Advice: None
Pros: Great teammates and very good benefits

Cons: Terrible, process-heavy company. Top-down hierarchy. Relying on customer's reluctance to switch away from legacy apps (similar to the mainframe computing)
Advice: None
Pros: Can't think of many worth sharing

Cons: They are now requiring office attendance, reneging on their pledge to be flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, lots of learning opportunities

Cons: After the SAP acquisition, leadership changed. SAP forced changes on Fieldglass which impacted Fieldglass' ability to serve customers.
Advice: None
Pros: The office is located across Canal St from Ogilvie station, making it a great location for commuters across Chicagoland.

Cons: Cons are this company does lots of layoffs, pay is not very competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: It was fine working here.

Cons: Too unstable and disorganized in management decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Nice employee programs, opportunity to find alternative jobs/position within the company

Cons: Can be a lot of travel at times
Advice: None
Pros: High energy workplace, lots of great people to work with

Cons: Less Salary as compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Team and work and managers are quiet chill

Cons: Commission payments are very low
Advice: None
Pros: Broad product suite to sell

Cons: Work life balance can be tough at times
Advice: None
Pros: - excellent benefits
- good people

Cons: The company is just so big. Many employees and leaders are not looking out for your best interests. It’s also very difficult to move internally and get a fair pay increase.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and training, resources, and professional development.

Cons: No concerns but rapid technology changes require great amount of time to get trained.
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive leadership team to develop new skills , listening to innovative ideas .

Cons: It is hard to get in
Advice: None
Pros: a good place to work and has a great atmosphere

Cons: Very big company that can be hard to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP treats its workers right.

Cons: Hard to make large changes in the company due to the size and complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people with great benefit. 15 days PTO + 5 days personal days off.

Cons: A little less compensation as compared to peers
Advice: None
Pros: Managers have not only the people skills but also have great technical skills.
Have great people who value each other.

Cons: SAP is a bit restricted with pay raises.
Advice: None
Pros: Push to use new technologies and a lot of free range to implement best practices and use your own judgement.

Cons: None, had a great learning experience at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities to shape your career

Cons: Limited opportunity for advancement, pay is average
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Balance, Paid Time Off, No Micro Managing

Cons: Culture can be toxic due to high risers trying manage up and get promoted and not caring about the people around them
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Good work life balance

Cons: Poor leadership feedback and transparency of responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Great employee and health benefits

Cons: promotion is slow and long business process
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great people, thriving D&amp;I

Cons: Company needs new blood, old-school folks still holding onto power (some deserve it, not all).
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, process, and predictability. Still a leader.

Cons: Who actually likes their SAP product?
Advice: 30% growth YoY and cutting 8k positions? What?
Pros: Get paid while making others wildly wealthy

Cons: Infighting everywhere. Licensing actively undercuts services, lots of fingerpointing, little to no support, Offshore difficult to work with Virtual no growth opportunity for anyone thats not a millenial. Limited salary growth beyond variable pay. Too many insiders with no knowledge of what good looks like, all competing against each other. It will take you weeks to get anything out of offshore, delivery, estimation, accounting, legal, and other management. By the time you respond to a customer, you're late and your price is 50% over what you expected. Then you will run into the fact that they have cut budgets everywhere, so there are constant resource shortages, cut budgets on promised delivery. 99 different job titles, most of which are back office or some type of fluffy do-nothing roles and metrics collection. Archaic processes
Advice: You had best start talking to people who do the work, because you are out of touch with the reality of what I going on. Just fix processes and get some folks that know how to manage a team over the long run.
Pros: Can get close to the product, decent training.

Cons: It’s a big company and there’s a lot of change.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great culture, benefits and purpose

Cons: Bureaucracy and slow decision-making. High workload and tight deadlines. Involvement with legacy systems. Limited autonomy in technical decisions. Limited remote work options. Potentially overwhelming training resources. Competitive work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: From the moment I stepped into the role, I was met with a supportive and collaborative environment. The team members at SAP are not only highly skilled professionals but also genuinely friendly and encouraging. I felt welcomed and appreciated from day one, which greatly enhanced my motivation to perform at my best. As a Front-End Developer, I had the opportunity to work on a diverse range of projects that challenged my abilities and expanded my knowledge. SAP fosters a culture of innovation and creativity, allowing developers like me to explore new technologies and solutions. The company's commitment to staying at the forefront of cutting-edge technology sets it apart from other companies in the industry.

Cons: Nothing I can think of as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is having loads of good technical work. Good learning opportunity. Good flexibility.

Cons: Professional Growth is not that much great
Advice: None
Pros: SAP Is the retirement company

Cons: Recently the board is pushing everybody to return to office 3 days a week even when you don't have direct colleagues at your office - which is completely nonsense.
Advice: Do not enforce all the company to return to office when it is not necessary most of the times.
Pros: Benefits related to health and work life balance

Cons: Not much as far I see
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work and good team

Cons: Large organization can be hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Room to advanced flexible work schedule

Cons: No complaints so far - time will tell
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn skills

Cons: Work life balance due to reorg
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work on new products

Cons: Not high growth company. no ipo.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, pay well, great calture, European flavour

Cons: Chaotic, disorganized culture, lack of direction within teams. You'll do the job for at least a year or two before you actually get the promotion. Heavy reliance on early talent to fill gaps puts strain on teams. Lack of transparency from senior management. The recent restructuring showed a major lack of strategy with many high performers let go and low performers kept putting major strains on teams and thereby PEOPLE. Tough work-life balance as the environment is unstable.
Advice: Lean into managers and seniors on teams when planning a restructuring to avoid leaving teams in shambles with select high performers left to keep fort with low performers staying on but not pulling any weight. Get transparent - none of the tough questions were directly answered, rather run around with foggy responses. Create a space for true, open, honest feedback from your employees, especially during the most difficult times. Stop tooting the benefits plan in compensation conversations, all large orgs and most small now offer benefits packages, this is standard industry practice. Make it right: Seek to bring back the major talent that was given away and eliminate the burden of low performers.
Pros: Good benefits, lots of opportunities to learn on the fly, self-teach, and grow professionally as a result. Great opportunity to grow and learn if you are a student as there are lots of internships - be prepared to work!

Cons: Dispersed Teams, Time Zones can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, People are great

Cons: At times it becomes difficulat to work with multiple teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance in SAP

Cons: Department relatively affected by recession and layoffs, currently in a state of regrouping.
Advice: None
Pros: Great balance between work and personal life, as health is prioritized and time off is promoted

Cons: Everything moves too slow to keep up with competition
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company and good products

Cons: - Inevitably, with every big company, there is going to be politics. - Yearly compensation review - Salary raises - most of the bump goes into bonus and not base, which is a bummer. - Not a whole lot of benefits, pretty bad to be honest, given that we are a tech company located in Palo Alto...
Advice: Wish compensation reviews happen at least twice a year to allow for better mobility, and less stagnation in a T-level. As for salary bumps, would be more motivating if you place most of the bump into the base and not the bonus. More PTO days to match what is available in Germany would be great, 2 weeks is very little in comparison to other tech companies in the Bay Area.
Pros: - Really eye-opening internship program - they allowed me to actually do valuable work that's going to used, not just some random summer project. - Since it is a huge company, there are a lot of opportunities for students/interns. - Great working culture -- flexible work locations. - Work-Life balance is good!

Cons: A micro management environment which stems from the top down. This is not all of SAP but more so in the mid market. Less empowered to think for yourself as they’ve started hiring folks with less experience as they are more likely to follow the straight line approach without question. The role has really moved to an inside beginners sales role. Leaders will strong arm their way into your deals rather than train you to be a better rep.
Advice: Before making a decision to change the corporate strategy make sure the entire company is aligned. The company offers incentives to sell a specific product line but leaders will tell you not to sell it because there’s bad CSAT’s / tons of failed implementations on it. The “give a man a fish for a day and he eats once, teach a man to fish he eats for a lifetime” really needs to be taught to leadership in the mid market starting from the top down. Get rid of the military environment this is a tech company not the army.
Pros: SAP is one of the biggest/greatest names in technology. You will work with some of the brightest people you’ve ever met who are really good at their job. Unlimited resources and the ability to make a lot of money. Industry leader in a lot of products.

Cons: boring projects, not very innovative, slow development
Advice: None
Pros: nice colleagues, free food, global company, work from home

Cons: Company has limited hiring opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: The company has been stable

Cons: The only way to get a raise is to network with the right people
Advice: Make HR a useful team.
Pros: Great benefits
Work life balance is good if you are in the right team
Steady income

Cons: there was no con for me.
Advice: None
Pros: It has great manager and helpful

Cons: Lack of growth, nothing much
Advice: Provide more opportunities to grow.
Pros: Great company, Supportive and talented team, great benefits, flexibility

Cons: It's a big company so there's always a bit of procedural slow motion, but that's to be expected.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Never a dull moment, challenging work, and plenty to do and learn.

Cons: Started to become too social justice focused instead of just making the world run better such that lives of all people improve.
Advice: Stop with excessive focus on DEI and get back to just treating all with respect and helping them improve their business.
Pros: Globally impactful company with great people, pay and benefits

Cons: Honestly, there are none for me.
Advice: None
Pros: collaborative and supportive environment
good salary and bonus, 6% 401k match. 
you get to work with people from across the globe
work life balance
internal promotion

Cons: Never enough time to get it all done.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, People, Challenging, Compensation, Opportunity

Cons: Large company and a lot of travel
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Insurance and leave

Cons: You can get stuck in a portion of the organization with limited raises, however applying to other parts of the organization allows you to get larger internal increases
Advice: None
Pros: The flexibility is what I love best, my team trusts me to do what I need to do to get done and gives me the freedom to do it as I see fit.

Cons: Lower than average pay, confusing/ineffective product strategy, tension between countries and business units, getting stuck in career dead-ends
Advice: Less secretive planning and ninja corporate pivots, decide whether you want to be a tech company or a consulting company
Pros: Relatively good benefits, commitment to diversity, generally positive co-workers, training/upskilling opportunities

Cons: Bad pay, not all managers are very empathetic and not really care about one's feelings. Frequent changes in the leadership creates some bad image.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. You will learn a lot and gain a wealth of knowledge, as there are many SAP veterans who have spent 2-3 decades working with SAP, and they always have a lot to talk about.

Cons: Big company, sometimes tricky to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: You could build a career around SAP whether technical or non-technical, either working for SAP or within its huge partner ecosystem.

Cons: 1. Slow and bureaucratic 
2. Lacks a competitive atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Great work life balance
2. Multiple kinds of opportunities- but you have to work for them

Cons: Ready to be located to San Francisco
Advice: None
Pros: Professional development - managers allow you to explore new technologies

Cons: Career progression can be slow but you can do your best to climb by switching areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of flexibility to work from anywhere, several benefits and perks

Cons: Not that I came across.
Advice: Doing wonderful job and come up with more innovative ideas.
Pros: Wonderful people and excellent learning platforms.

Cons: No problem or complaint as lot get resolved fast
Advice: None
Pros: Love working for SAP, I have no regrets

Cons: Sometimes shareholders sway the company to make decisions that are poor for employee life. SAP is so big that things can sometimes get caught up in the massive environment that is SAP products
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working here while I could - great pay, flexible work conditions, and nice people.

Cons: - pay
- not diverse (mostly indian)
Advice: None
Pros: - Work life balance
-

Cons: Not many, sometimes things feel a bit disorganized but management constantly tries to address and improve
Advice: None
Pros: - Get to work with amazing engineers
- Great WLB
- Challenging issues

Cons: Convoluted business processes requiring too much time dealing with manually entering data in systems and back office approvals. One manager told a license sales colleague to spend 1 to 2 hrs a day updating Harmony (sales data), which takes away far too much time that would be better spent on sales strategy and customer interactions. Management invites feedback, but it does not result in meaningful changes. Upper management, outside of your direct manager, rarely interacts or tries to build a relationship with his/her sales team (some live on opposite coasts) and we have little idea of what they do to bring value to the organization.
Advice: None
Pros: People are collaborative, supportive, smart, fun to work with. SaP provides a generally positive work environment.

Cons: reconstruction sometimes , management might be displaying favoritism in their small group of people.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits , and friendly co-workers

Cons: German company on an american market, but overall ability to innovate is great.
Advice: No Advice.
Pros: People-oriented, result-driven, careful, ability to make money and transform companies.

Cons: I don't have any cons that I would like to highlight.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Work life balance and interesting products to work on

Cons: This site is a remote location to headquarters.
Advice: None
Pros: Best work life balance. Best in class culture.

Cons: The company is often difficult to navigate.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: SAP continues as a market leader in the ERP space and has made great strides as an organization and developer of products to emerge as a cloud leader.

Cons: Low pay 
too many conflicting priorities
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of internal opportunities
Hybrid flexibility

Cons: Low pay for industry, failing to uphold hiring agreements, worldwide foreign bribery charges
Advice: They have been given plenty, but they disregard all input. Not putting in the energy.
Pros: Paycheck, standard benefits, a job

Cons: Constant change and layoffs can be hard to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: Remote,Flexibility, pay, and travel perks

Cons: overloaded with work, need to work many weekends, not great weekend compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, planty of opportunities, interesting tasks

Cons: Huge Company
Moves Slowly
Teams spread all over the world
Advice: None
Pros: Well Paying
Amazing Benefits
Stock Purchase Plan

Cons: Very large global corporation where you feel like a number
Advice: None
Pros: SAP training opportunities in multiple disciplines

Cons: The technology is old and the company is transitioning into a true cloud company. Depending on your line of business it can be hard to hit your quota.
Advice: I would recommend stepping up your marketing and in bound demand generation Strategies.
Pros: Public company, which pays solid salaries and has many lines of business. A bit political but it’s possible to be promoted.

Cons: Work life balance is difficult at times. You’re always on call.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with fantastic opportunities for advancement into leadership roles.

Cons: Leadership direction over the past several years has been poor. No clear direction or strategy. Products and integration across the suite seem to lack quality compared to competitors. Recent round of layoffs was not as "targeted" as they claim and was instead focused on cost cutting without recognizing the value added by some colleagues who were laid off. Teams are also now left with too few resources to accomplish essential tasks which will put increased strain and stress on those who remain.
Advice: Have a clear product strategy and invest in appropriate development to fully integrate the suite of products offered and make them best-in-class. Communicate clearly with actionable direction.
Pros: Very flexible work environment with remote and hybrid work opportunities. Compensation is on the lower end for the industry as a whole but better than similar roles outside the tech industry (depending on the individual role and company).

Cons: Certain regional cultures can be very clique-y and very boys club mentality.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay Opportunities Early career development

Cons: Changes every year can be frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is good for the most part

Cons: not much advancement in career
Advice: lead with more passion and vision
Pros: fun place to be at for me

Cons: Marketing leadership and CMO (absolutely the worst!!!). Lack of diversity in marketing. DEI initiatives are primarily benefiting white/ Caucasian women. Women of color are disregarded for internal promotions. White men laid off to make way for white women with no experience . Men of color stand zero chance! LGBTQ has zero representation in marketing. Employee survey feedback is never acted upon. CMO from Microsoft prefer hiring from Microsoft ( laid off Microsoft employees should consider a career transition to SAP, courtesy Julia White) Julia’s contract renewal with SAP spells further doom for SAP (What is wrong is wrong with Hasso and the other founders?)
Advice: Send Julia packing back to Microsoft. Replace her leadership team within SAP Marketing
Pros: Work-life balance is good I have a good manager! Generally speaking the company’s executive management and board is also good (except for a few bad apples) Remote/hybrid flexibility Decent bonuses Liberal vacation policy

Cons: You’re going to make less than compared to google and Apple or Microsoft. It’s just a fact
Advice: Decide if they want their selling point to be culture or competitive pay. Trying to do both now and failing at both
Pros: Awesome coworkers Decent work life balance Good balance of pressure and coolness without cut throat or anxiety inducing

Cons: Slow career growth, team dependent politics,
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits: free lunch, stock options, work-life balance

Cons: Strict management 
Low salary
High targets
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful team
Good office
Good benefits

Cons: Very difficult to change roles or move up within HR
Advice: None
Pros: Chasing Zero plan to achieve net zero along our value chain by 2030

Cons: Pay - You dont get pay at the market rate. Promotion - "who you know" is important to get a promotion. Sometimes you realize that the job you are applying for was already reserved for somebody but they had to publish in public ( because of the laws). Sometimes, they dont even publish the job req.
Advice: Run another wave of "equal pay" report and please focus on your "loyal" employees. Why pay more to somebody that you hire externally when you can improve the performance &amp; loyalty of your current employee? Retention is the key if you want to become a true Cloud company.
Pros: WLB - People are not trying to step on you and you get a decent WLB Change - Everything changes every year and keeping up with those changes require attention. So you dont get bored Global - You really experience the global company feel working with people from so many different cultures

Cons: No clear roadmap Leadership decisions can improve
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance Decent Pay

Cons: Big company. Easy to get siloed.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of new development using leading technologies.

Cons: Weak Engineering Leadership (RESTON Office) - A long-time supervisor in particular, who lets his team defend for themselves - Instills an insecure, and untrustworthy work environment - Uses different strokes for different folks, groups, and favoritism at its peak - Forget defending, he nitpicks his own team members on anyone's complaint without evaluating the situation - Apparently, the more one grows, the more insecure the supervisor becomes here - Steals team's work for his self-promotion, even applauded by higher-ups - Shamelessly asks for a 10 rating in team meetings and resorts to micro-managing if he suspects anyone's not obliging. Poor Engineering Work Culture (RESTON Office) - Long-time arrogant Tech leads and Architects use bullying tactics on team members (thanks to spineless supervisors) - Teams remain constantly pressurized by staying defensive and collecting proof to save face - Almost a full-fledged Asian work culture in play but with special treatment for Westerners, who are far and in between. Old Engineering Technologies (RESTON Office) - Outdated models in play, very slow to embrace the latest and the greatest - No transparency in Tech proceedings, only a select few get to call the shots - Only a select few (again preferred old-timers) get to work on "what matters", and others are entrust to their people bargain skills. Inefficient HR - Pathetic coordination with Engineering managers - Each one to fend for his own visa, because HR needs the manager's input, and a "Manager" is not supposed to get involved in visa decisions. So, please contact the HR! - Not to mention weak and useless Legal supporting teams.
Advice: Engineering and technologies are the backbones of a Tech company like SAP. Please invest in the right engineering people and philosophy with special attention to revamping tech management and their presence going forward.
Pros: Company's Reputation - Identified as one of the most sort-after companies to work for by employees. Company's Vision - The CEO and team seem to be doing good. RSUs, Benefits - Gives a reason to make merry on every anniversary.

Cons: Lower salary Low benefits/perks ( compared to what it was a decade ago)
Advice: Make SAP what it was more than a decade ago.
Pros: Good Work life balance Good people to work with

Cons: Overly complex internal processes make the job near impossible
Advice: None
Pros: Long term tenure is more than possible.

Cons: It is a large company, be prepared for matrixed organizations.
Advice: Carry on the amazing work.
Pros: Soem of the best people I have worked with, and amazing benefits.

Cons: None that I have found
Advice: no advice to offer
Pros: Great benefits, flexible work , smart people, many great learning opportunities

Cons: Not much , best in business world
Advice: None
Pros: Very cool company to work for

Cons: Not much cons, leadership was ok
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was pretty good and

Cons: My current manager here in United States is the opposite of my director. She doesn't care of my opinions, and tries to take control instead of empowering the team.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great place to work within my team. They are care about your mental health and what is best for the team. They listen to your ideas and empower you to make the team better. My director is in Europe and their mindset for employees is a lot better than in United States.

Cons: West coast US colleagues are often at risk of layoffs because of higher salaries.
Advice: None
Pros: Good, work life balance and nice colleagues

Cons: CoE org is limited in career growth. Compensation can and has been an issue in comparison to competitors, but this can be said to be a company-wide issue. In the US, most of the more technical job opportunities will be found on the west coast and not so much on the east. While the CoE can be a good professional start out of university, you're better off seeking either different positions internally or looking elsewhere for upward mobility.
Advice: While inflation is still very much an issue these days, competitors have been more aggressive when it comes to compensation despite what has been announced to employees from top down. I understand budget cuts have significantly affected many companies these days, but SAP needs to work on compensation in order to retain talent.
Pros: Very large company with many world office locations. Therefore there's a lot to choose from in terms of positions if you'd like to switch things up. NSQ office is large and provides ample resources for employees.

Cons: Constant churn of employer leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Good team environment - good benefits

Cons: Gets a little busy with projects, but with the support of the team members it's possible to get the projects done quite before the deadline.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing place to work. Helpful staff and members.

Cons: less pay, future dicey, leadership lazy
Advice: None
Pros: good team, chill and relaxed wlb

Cons: Changes in thought leadership, monkey on steroid acquisition &amp; lack of integration with one of the best products out there #SAPHANA, too many sales cycles … supply chain of selling not implemented
Advice: Tried
Pros: Amazing people, culture and great, lively spirit before Covid.

Cons: Hard to ascend and grow within roles
Advice: Ability to grow financially within role
Pros: Good company and benefits overall

Cons: Toxic culture, no teamwork, duplicitous management.
Advice: Quit and let real leaders take over
Pros: Easy parking in the building

Cons: Sometimes takes too long to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues, global scope, lots of opportunity

Cons: A lot of new initiatives that get churned quickly
Advice: None
Pros: Strong lower level leadership in my experience who really want you to succeed

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy in a large company
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hybrid schedule, great benefits

Cons: Work-life becomes challenging to mantain
Advice: None
Pros: Great career opportunities
Good benefits

Cons: A lot of turnover and constant leadership changes
Advice: Focus more on solutions and business and less on political global initiatives
Pros: Great benefits and nice co workers

Cons: A lot of re-orgs, hard to navigate the size and scope of some orgs.
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours, flexible work / life balance.

Cons: Internal systems/processes like pricing or deal desk approvals are agonizingly painful.
Advice: Be transparent with reps of why things need to be done a certain way.
Pros: There is an abundance of resources to help you team sell.

Cons: Complicated Org structures and massive restructuring
Advice: Keep going on the change to a Cloud operating model and focus on customer adoption and success.
Pros: Exciting opportunities to build SAP for the future and establish as a leader in Cloud business software

Cons: Some unnecessarily over-engineered development processes that slow down creativity. Having a (luckily) large install base to support can make it tougher to move fast on changing/adding new technology. Can be very difficult to find colleagues working on related topics to gain synergy and collaborate. Going a little too far on some DEI initiatives and fear it will create more division than inclusion.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, fair treatment of employees but there's always the exceptional great or not-so-great manager that can make or break it. Good focus on innovation and personal/skills growth. Pros which may vary between teams are: Good training/growth opportunities, flexibility in working style, trust and delegated decision making, ability to raise concerns or new ideas with little risk, good camaraderie among colleagues. Very strong focus on helping the customer and end-users. Lots of interest in how to incorporate new technology and capabilities.

Cons: Continuous change in organizational structure
Advice: None
Pros: Technology and strategy are top notch

Cons: Never know when the shoe will drop as it relates to layoffs.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, bonus, employee stock purchase plan

Cons: I have not enjoyed not having anything to do. I feel as though I am falling behind in my career and I will never ever get a promotion. There is very little to do for associate consultants across my whole team as well, so I am not sure why they hired like 10 of us to just sit around and do nothing.
Advice: Management needs to understand who is working for them and how to get them the help they need to advance their careers. 40 people to 1 team is way too many.
Pros: I have done about 10 hours of work a week for the past year and a half, so most days I just wait for a notification and attend my meetings and that's it.

Cons: Big focus on Early Talent. Needs to also appriciate the +40 :-)
Advice: None
Pros: Flat org. big independence in your role

Cons: big company is a big con for sap
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility is a big pro for sap

Cons: Hiring freeze for New Grads.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Large scope projects

Cons: Head and shoulders above other big tech companies, not sure there is a con. If anything maybe just that the transition of on prem customers to cloud is slower than plan in some countries?
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Benefits, Work Life Balance, Pledge to Flexibility in Work Location, Colleagues are Quality Professionals, Strong Brand/Stable

Cons: None that I can think of at the moment
Advice: Keep promoting the young talent
Pros: The customers, company values, and work-life balance

Cons: The industry changes so rapidly you need to keep up on trends and product innovation. SAP is at times slow to the water and for good reason. We do a good job of avoiding fabs and are in it for the long term. Which is not as sexy as the fintechs and startups who are in it to win it out of the gate.
Advice: Keep up the good work and I appreciate the support.
Pros: Love working at SAP. Main reason is the culture. We are a true team through thick and thin. I have been here going on 10 years and pray for 10 more. Long Live SAP!!!

Cons: poor mgmt, micro manager, too many company politics, tons of tech debt, high attrition
Advice: when you say unlimited pto, mean it, dont cap it at 15 days - better work life balance for engineers, get rid of the engingeering manager
Pros: remote work, flexible pto, benefits, nice laptop

Cons: Culture of tenured employees often not sharing information with newer members or across teams. When there is downsizing or other austerity measures dependent on the market, it appears the US always bears the brunt and Germany is left untouched.
Advice: Put the same effort into topics such as DEI into knowledge sharing and responsive communications across SAP. It's easy to feel like an outsider.
Pros: Salary &amp; total comp, benefits, WLB are all competitive.

Cons: Slow paced. Growth opportunities are not great esp outside the HQ
Advice: None
Pros: Great if you work for teams working with enterprise customers directly. You will get to learn the business processes. Colleagues are smart and the company culture is great

Cons: Leadership has forced move to cloud which both cannibalizes existing customer base and opens up risk of competition. Legal is well established, which is a double edge as there is limited opportunity for advancement, and much advancement is reserved for friends of legal leadership Relatively low pay compared to industry.
Advice: Don’t sacrifice what you are for what you could be
Pros: Solid product that has great stickiness. Due to switching costs, there’s high retention. Product often sells it self. Legal function is well developed and provides many resources to do the job.

Cons: Sometimes there are to few account to sell to in your territory
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, good co-workers, great company

Cons: small space to get promition
Advice: None
Pros: life and work balance, no pressure

Cons: Competitive industry. Challenging for customers to fully migrate their enterprise landscape to the cloud.
Advice: Focus on technology roadmap execution, lots of slippage across different solution areas.
Pros: Smart, conscientious people. Friendly, collaborative. Good work life balance.

Cons: Big company processes (bureaucracy), operate too lean for a big company, long hours
Advice: Please invest in initiatives fully until complete, and fund the change you want to see
Pros: Great benefits, above average salaries (outside of Silicon Valley), big on diversity and inclusion culture

Cons: pay is not high and some company political changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good work and life balance with good working environment

Cons: Too many changes in senior leadership cause unrest and upset in staff.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, work to home life balance is great, hybrid/remote options are possible.

Cons: Long hours. Constant cost savings
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good place to work

Cons: specialized skillset which is hard to find in open market
Advice: None
Pros: Top places to work in the world

Cons: The company is going through transformation which is painful. Systems have not been maintained or simplified for use.
Advice: Practice what you preach. Work with key customers and the front line to simplify the process.
Pros: SAP is a great company providing true value to several corporate functions and lines of businesses.

Cons: The on-boarding training could have been better organized. I realize it has been updated recently and is a work in progress.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits, pay and atmosphere are all top tier.

Cons: If you don't like gigantic corporations, the sheer amount of information here can be overwhelming. It's good to focus on what your team is doing and try not to get sidetracked by all the cool things happening elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: The people here are big on learning new things on the clock. If you can manage your time well, you'll learn so much.

Cons: Not much exposure to technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Best work life balance at SAP

Cons: Low salary is the main con
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility is the main advantage

Cons: too big to step up frequently
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work there

Cons: Tech is falling behind competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Good ceo, and solid pay

Cons: Internal systems and processes are challenging with many bottlenecks, learning curve is steep across the SAP portfolio, work/life balance can be problematic at times, high quotas
Advice: Great leaders across SAP that are supportive and actively contribute to career growth and advancement!
Pros: Total Rewards, global brand recognition, strong leadership, selling mission-critical applications for large, global customers, broad ecosystem of partners, opportunity for internal mobility, positive and collaborative culture

Cons: I can’t think of anything.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance; collaborative working environment

Cons: No Headcount for returnship opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: No pressure Good package and benefit

Cons: Pay a little lower in beginning
Advice: None
Pros: Super supportive managers and team

Cons: Salary is very less compared with other competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is there

Cons: Internal CRM and pressure packed industry.
Advice: I enjoy the exec leadership within SAP. Focused on new talent growth.
Pros: Commission ability is expansive and limitless.

Cons: Bonus structure is not defined
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and healthcare benefits

Cons: No growth and weak C suite and a lot of nepotism. If you make too much money you will simply be laid off and no appreciation of skill sets. German employees always come first, as a US employee, Germany employees will be protected while you are laid off.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits such as health, vacation etc is good

Cons: can be hard to navigate at times, but everyone is super helpful.
Advice: be nimble, adjust to the market, keep innovating
Pros: With over 100,000 employees the company can be a bit daunting, but your team makes it what it is. Cutting edge products, a broad product portfolio and good people!

Cons: No cons at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to grow your career in different areas Work-life-balance / Flex work

Cons: Not always a consideration for personal time
Advice: None
Pros: They provide flexible work arrangements

Cons: So many people with similar jobs and goals it can be hard to find the right person to help you. Some people feel like keeping information to themselves makes them relevant. So collaboration can be difficult.
Advice: Remember that keeping someone who is causing bad environment because they are producing, does not help the future. Good people will see bad being rewarded and leave.
Pros: The culture is improving. There are still people who don't embrace the change but it feels like they are being asked to step up or step off. So the number of them is reducing.

Cons: None. Everything was perfect. Good management.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is good in this company

Cons: Board doesn't have details to make decisions so makes decisions with a broad brush. Leadership isn't integrated with their teams. If you are over 50 and highly compensated you have a target on your back.
Advice: Life the culture you proclaim to hold so dear.
Pros: Benefits, employee stock purchase, development opportunities

Cons: There are occasional layoff plan
Advice: None
Pros: good company culture and good people

Cons: Post acquisition, continuity of business was disrupted.
Advice: Leverage the innovation in tech and business models that comes from acquired companies.
Pros: Amazing solutions that delivered on what we promised customers.

Cons: like working for your retired grandpa
Advice: None
Pros: very stable will never fire you

Cons: can be tough based on territory
Advice: None
Pros: Line of business sales roles at SAP are great opportunities for learning how to sell but not a great way to spend your whole career.

Cons: Legacy products and Old Software
Advice: None
Pros: Employee Benefits, HR policies, Global Presence

Cons: - Avg pay compared to the industry (but that's okay due to better work/life balance) - Strategies keeps changing
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible work hours with better work/life balance - Design team is great - Good food - 401k match

Cons: We bought too many companies and didn't do enough cultural change management to bring the disparate teams together and get everyone on the same page. Teams are running wild trying to make their mark and become knowns versus working as one voice. The changes from 2020 caused more problems than it solved.
Advice: Acceleration requires a clear path to execute. Clear the way. Solving customer problems and challenges with using our software brings just as much value as aligning with why customer's purchased our software in the first place.
Pros: The 99% of the people and 90% of the managers I have had the privilege to work with have been the best. There is A LOT of opportunity to do great things and make a positive impact.

Cons: Pay - it’s non-existent, particularly those at lower levels. I feel like we’re taking advantage of people. Most managers have zero ethics. Good old boys network. Misogynistic and homophobic.
Advice: Ethics? and follow through on commitments
Pros: Short work days Ability to just glide by with minimal effort. Benefits are just ok

Cons: Too competitive, weak project management
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, training, work with SAP products

Cons: very large pay gap compared to current market and competitions , employees get underpaid
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, excellent products, better share plan match, good benefits

Cons: Some politics in different departments
Advice: None
Pros: Big company so things tends to move slow

Cons: NA - don't have any to mention. Your career at SAP is what you make of it.
Advice: None
Pros: Best Software Company with 50+ years of growth.

Cons: None None None None and None.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful company providing opportunity to work on cutting edge technolog

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work in, the culture was great!

Cons: I was part of a mass layoff after working there 4.5 years. Then, I was unable to get another job within the company, probably due to my age. (I was in my early 60's.)
Advice: None
Pros: This company paid reasonably and supported a great work life balance. I also enjoyed the work and found it challenging.

Cons: Terrible demand gen organization. You will be on your own for cold calling and prospecting. This is where you lose work life balance! A lot of pressure to build pipeline with no PROPERLY staffed and distributed demand gen support. No account history repository so you start from ground zero when you get your account list, begging the former team for their time on the phone to data dump. MEN get the best accounts compared to tenured women and therefore appear to be more successful in the role and then get promoted as a result. THIS NEEDS TO CHANGE! Sellers are hurt by accounts not renewing software that they purchased years ago that the sales rep had nothing to do with. Sellers are hurt by the cost of providing SAP services to help accounts realize the value of what they bought. For example, if SAP provides a free consultant to assist an account, that cost comes out of the sellers next deal or is carved out of their commission check! If a concession is made and a credit is given to the account, that comes out of the sellers commission! This is demotivating and unfair!
Advice: Give the sales teams best in class CRM and demand gen support. Put more women on the good accounts and better distribution of active named accounts.
Pros: Amazing SMEs and support when you are in a sales cycle. Smart people who are willing to help and share their expertise. If you get a good named account list, you can be successful.

Cons: Large organization that is relatively slow to adapt new business practices
Advice: Nimble and agile execution on strategic shifts
Pros: Supportive work environment Strong brand presence Strength of relationship with customers Enriching quality of work

Cons: slow process, it can be faster
Advice: None
Pros: Good workculture Nice People Opportunities to grow

Cons: Bureaucracy makes it hard to manage days to day activities.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and profit sharing are great

Cons: Sr Management has deteriorated massively. Abusive managers seem to be the norm - it never was prior and I have been here 12 continuous years. I would avoid anything to do with Digital Supply Chain - their NA leader is the worst and no one will address her toxicity nor will they address the toxicity of her line managers. Career advancement is based on where you live and your gender
Advice: Clean house and start over.
Pros: Great pay and benefits however you work for it

Cons: no comments at this time
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work fun

Cons: Pay is very low compared to the market and the management doesn't try to act on it. Career growth is also quite limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Merit at the middle to upper management isn't very clear
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great

Cons: Large company with some things slow moving.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance

Cons: lots to learn constantly evolving
Advice: None
Pros: it is an amazing place to work

Cons: There is no HR function to facilitate career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation plans and benefits

Cons: Myopic vision, Silent Layoffs, Slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: Great and loyal enterprise customers

Cons: Difficult work and lots of it!
Advice: Be just a little more transparent! Otherwise, great job!
Pros: Workers council is the best thing!

Cons: Boring Tasks at time and too many reorgs
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company Culture, Supportive Teammates

Cons: Large focus on software sales
Advice: Stay committed to people and continue to engage in feedback surveys. Things are good overall, and keeping people engaged will be key to maintaining that direction.
Pros: People first approach Good benefits Decent work life balance

Cons: Difficult reporting hierarchy to German ownership makes for odd hours and lost in translation scenarios despite the fact everyone is trying their best.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive local management, great coworkers

Cons: Work-life balance is a challenge, high-stress environment, unbelievably complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is very competitive and the benefits are good

Cons: Very large organization and hard to navigate at times. Feels like you’re drinking from the fire hose.
Advice: None
Pros: Very great opportunity for “early talent” sales individuals which SAP defines as 2 - 4 years of prior sales experience. The Sales Academy is a 9-10 month rotational program (two classroom experiences and two field experiences) which then places you in a quota carrying role after you “graduate”. The academy is a very well known program both at SAP and externally. It involves early talent from all over the globe so it’s a very diverse program that provides great training and sales exposure.

Cons: Low compensation and low bonus pay
Advice: None
Pros: Offers flex work and work from home option

Cons: Legacy software has little marketability
Advice: Product support management needs to build a better mentoring culture across product lines that depend upon each other.
Pros: Big software company excellent benefits and opportunity to learn a lot of different software

Cons: None for me so far
Advice: None
Pros: Great company for early talent to grow

Cons: None really, all good stuff
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to be at!

Cons: Politics within upper and middle management prevent change quickly and often.
Advice: Stop getting in your own way! You are excellent - now show us how you are excellent in simple terms.
Pros: SAP employees bring with them the patience, understanding, and empathy needed to communicate effectively with both clients and colleagues.

Cons: Sometimes internal bureaucracy can throw up unnecessary obstacles to getting things done.
Advice: There are many layers of middle management and some bureaucracy that can often impede progress.
Pros: The level of skill and focus on getting things done i have witnessed is excellent. There are many people in the organization who are incredibly bright and focused on getting big things done.

Cons: Difficult to grow beyond Sr. Director.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay Outstanding benefits Great team collaboration

Cons: Big organization with some long processes
Advice: Continue to take care of your employees
Pros: Work life balance is excellent

Cons: -Too much focus on sales and revenues within delivery. Felt like I was working in sales, not project delivery anymore. -Peer recognition program was cancelled -No break between projects -No concept of sabbaticals to recharge -Hard to set aside any work time to update on training and keep current
Advice: -Put some focus back on client success and less about dollars that you can squeeze out of each account - stop trying to make the consulting delivery staff into salespeople -Offer breaks between projects, even at no pay -Implement a program to allow for sabbaticals - offer extended time off to alleviate burn-out
Pros: -Great Benefits and Salary -Extremely Supportive Management Team -Access to training and SAP materials -Amazing Co-Workers

Cons: Salary is below industry standards, but the company culture makes up for it.
Advice: None
Pros: I feel heard, very helpful colleagues, fantastic place to work at!

Cons: Could give more stock benefits to entry level employees
Advice: None
Pros: Working on impactful projects and focus topics

Cons: Highly politicized and disorganized, lack of ownership / constant ping pong and over-delegation of work
Advice: Have more oversight in the sales process as overpromising by the sales reps leavea escalations for months and years after
Pros: Good pay good benefits good opportunities for growth

Cons: Long hours Quarter crunches Corporate directional changes
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited PTO Great team members Great work/life balance Stock options and grants

Cons: - work life balance could be better
Advice: None
Pros: - Good pay and benefits

Cons: Leadership is far disconnected from reality, favoritism is common, constantly changing leadership, product strategy, and GTM strategy. Unrealistic sales goals and inequitable territories. CX products were not good. Mass layoff handled very poorly.
Advice: None
Pros: People are generally nice and talented. Opportunity to make good money and switch jobs internally. Great offices.

Cons: Challenging and complex environment to navigate internally. Complex contracts and internal approval processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, career growth opportunities and true "CEO of your own territory" type experience in terms of work life balance and flexibility.

Cons: Equity sharing could be way better. 401k matching is not great. Product portfolio needs to modern up! Large company that trips over its internal processes which makes any change time consuming. Germany doesn’t seem to place the almighty buck in an equivalent importance as US in terms of aggressiveness in sales but their kindness to their people somewhat makes up for that. Everything in life has its trade offs. Quantity or quality… you need to decide.
Advice: Time to ramp up in equity sharing. The board has been in existence since the beginning of time and it is evident they don’t want to share the profits. Diversity speak is great but need to walk the talk more. Modernize sw and reevaluate and increase diversity in leadership roles - based on merit.
Pros: SAP has wonderful people. There will always be a few bad apples wherever you go- SAP is no exception. But for the most part, I’ve never worked with a kinder bunch. You are free to share your ideas and be your authentic self. 
Pay is standard market , benefits- standard. Great work life balance- It’s HQ out of Germany encourages employees to take their vacation time and really supports employees well. I have literally never seen any amount of back stabbing or underhandedness from anyone here. Best culture in a company so far.

Cons: very large pay gap compared to current market and competitions , employees get underpaid
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, excellent products, better share plan match, good benefits

Cons: It can be a very draining company depending on what part of the organization you are in
Advice: None
Pros: you can create your own career within your LoB

Cons: - not great or exciting work to work on, but you learn a lot on the job
Advice: None
Pros: - mentorship offered is amazing compared to other companies with intern programs

Cons: Management seemed very far away
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, team management, balance

Cons: They'll turn you into a cog in their machine
Advice: None
Pros: Large Ecosystem Well Recognized Good Benefits

Cons: Even with an internal cloud transformation underway martech and CRM systems and processes lag and aren’t cutting edge - ‘the cobbler’s children never wear shoes’. Processes can be daunting and like any large org things take ages for funding, approval, and access. From my perspective all the tech innovation goes to customers. You’d better bring your own innovation, force your team to experiment with tech and new marketing, or outsource with agencies because you won’t learn modern marketing at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful colleagues, great solutions and customers, great culture and DEI, nice benefits and pay, good career trajectory. Remote roles and work is the norm. Many career opportunities exist since this is a 100K org.

Cons: Pay may not be competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly and relax working culture

Cons: Diversity and inclusion, while good, has sort of gone a little too far like it drives the company. If you are a female wanting to climb the ladder you have a distinct advantage, enjoy it, they will roll out the red carpet for you.

Not always nimble. Process changes were mandated frequently, but change in reality happened slowly, like turning a large ship. Often as soon as everyone finally got on board with the changes, new changes were required.

Sometimes it seemed like changes were mandated simply because a new chief took the reins and felt the need to rock the boat.

In 2019 shortly before the pandemic hit, SAP laid off thousands of people as part of a "global restructuring." In the United States, employees and entire teams getting the axe were told their time was up because they were not co-located. So remote work would no longer be supported? Funny how the new rule did not apply to everyone. Many suspected it was a way to eliminate older, senior, highly compensated employees. Then enter the pandemic -- "Oops, reverse that, we were just kidding, remote work is the only way!"
Advice: Don't fix what ain't broke. You don't have to rock the boat when things are going well.
Pros: In general, reasonable work-life balance. Strong support for full-time remote work, even pre-pandemic. Healthy culture of honest, open communication. Positive collaboration between departments.

Cons: Salary is too low, less RSUs
Advice: None
Pros: Nice Work life Balance, Culture

Cons: -Global company means everyone has different working hours and it can be a challenge at times
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible hours -Remote Friendly -Entrusted environment where you have the freedom to make your schedule your own and find the best way that works for you

Cons: can be slow and bureaucratic at times
Advice: None
Pros: benefits are good for what they are

Cons: That being said, I was bitter over not being bitter. I had been re-assigned to a different project last year and it was intolerably difficult to affect any change. There is a prevalent sense the company should be Agile, but no one, with any influence, was willing to criticize very slow, essentially Waterfall practices. My team and other teams were re-assigned but we had little training and were given few tasks to do; it would take several months to actually get features - fairly small in anyone's definition - shipped. New projects would be planned and talent would not be assigned. It was a huge waste of resources. Meanwhile, our competitors were soldiering ahead. In this environment, one inevitably thinks about their own career. This hurt because I like the company. I understand Rome wasn't built in a day. And, with Scrum, it's not about blaming anyone. But that's my honest opinion. My hope is that other domains in SAP take the actions to be and remain competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: I was part of the North America layoffs for SAP. I don't feel all too bad, because I thought SAP was rather courteous about it - given the recent news of other companies' layoffs, I got a message ahead of time, a month of sort-of not-really "employment" (to look for another role in the company, if possible), and general help with my sort-of not-really "unemployment". I mention all this because SAP, and I, prided the company's "family" values. It did seem the company cared about the employees. During the pandemic and after there wasn't a point where my arm was twisted and I was forced to do so-and-so. My team and I worked at our own pace and took the breaks we needed for our mental health - and we worked better for it. While I considered other opportunities in the past, this culture really stuck out to me and I felt this would have been rare in other companies. All the compensation in the word really doesn't touch upon this.

Cons: Board is out of touch for a tech company and todays culture. Pay is less then other tech companies. Little growth for admins which is discouraging. Coming from an outside firm prior to SAP EA positions at SAP operate more as an admin assistant. Which is odd when COS positions at SAP positions are more of a sr EA position.
Advice: Value your admins and promote them up to COS or project manager positions
Pros: Easy job for the industry. Good teams that treat you well and value you.

Cons: has a old tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: lots of benefits such as stock, insurance and 6% match

Cons: - like any company, some leaders exhibit bad behavior but are not held accountable. This is getting better. - if you are not a woman or a visible minority, your career may face headwinds regardless of how good you are at your job compared to those peers. I suppose they are making up for past hiring practices, but quotas of any kind can be de-motivating.
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of structure and courses to help you learn - Excellent benefits and salary - Ability to move laterally to grow your career

Cons: struggling to deliver an effective cloud strategy. work/life balance is a challenge
Advice: remember where you came from
Pros: performance is rewarded. commission caps are liberal. core customer base is huge

Cons: No negative views come to mind
Advice: Continually develop innovative solutions
Pros: True work life balance. Challenging opportunities. Ability to work with the best companies in the world on a daily basis

Cons: There are no cons for me atm.
Advice: None
Pros: I would say Flexibility, Pay, Culture.

Cons: Can be somewhat political so need to be aware.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of career opportunities for those looking for long term employment

Cons: No work life balance. Poor leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Some people were good to work with

Cons: Training gets thrown in last minute
Advice: Promote internal growth
Pros: Leads come in regularly to support sales efforts

Cons: Frequent leadership changes which result in org changes; roles/responsibilities are not always clear
Advice: Consider employee feedback when making reorg/restructure decisions
Pros: Collaboration is encouraged; No bad ideas; Work life balance and self care promoted

Cons: Being SA a large organization too much Politics.
Advice: Give more power to the team members
Pros: Good Teammates and Great Leadership. Various teams to move around.

Cons: * a bit slow-moving at times * not too well connected to HQ in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: * stable company * nice benefits and work-life balance (depending on team)

Cons: Complex internal processes. Slow to react to market conditions. Too many lifers that wont leave to create space for new employees to get into leadership roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture. Loved the people. Very employee friendly. Beautiful campus.

Cons: Changes can sometimes shake things up
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company and solutions. Leadership and teams are encouraging.

Cons: Being a large company, there are multiple products that are siloed from each other so it can be difficult to collaborate across product boards.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for the specific product was great as my team was experienced and got along well.

Cons: you can be lost if you do not put effort to be visible.
Advice: understand that consultants has lot of expectation from customers and are working hard, do not load them more with internal work and expectations
Pros: Decent pay, good internal support from product teams

Cons: There is certainly a good old boys vibe, I had a very weak manager, who could only manage up.. and only cared about managing up. could not motivate people, only brought them down
Advice: Don't lose good people because of bad managers
Pros: Has all the right elements, Work, life balance , Diversity, good pay, Most Managers are very involved and care.

Cons: Work life balance is a thing of the past. 
Pay is half of market rates. 
Development senior leadership is overly frugal and inexperienced; they set unrealistic goals with no objective reasoning and then blame/punish the productive roles for failing to meet them.
Development senior leadership is only concerned with getting something on the product listing; no regard for quality or product viability.
Development senior leadership greenlights projects that aren’t ready and short-circuits their own product lifecycle processes, leading to serious delays from research.
Development senior leadership is completely inflexible about product release dates for literally no reason other than to get products listed as fast as possible, leading to release of unusable software.
All members of leadership constantly make bad decisions for short term gains because they are using their roles as a springboard into higher leadership and leave before they face any consequences.
Product Managers have their own reporting line so they have completely different goals and success criteria not aligned with their development teams.
Product Managers have no scrum training nor experience, don’t come to scrum ceremonies.
Development managers who are brand new to the company think senior developers are inept because they haven’t quit already, don’t consult them on major decisions, and then blame them when everything backfires.
Development managers have no B2B nor enterprise software experience, and fail to recognize the inherent complexity.
Advice: Pay better and support work/life balance. Actually talk to senior technical staff about team dynamics and technical decisions. Involve technical staff with interviews for people who will be on their own team.  End the practice of hiring new graduates to just to save money.
Pros: Moved towards modern technologies and architectures.
Benefits on par with job market.
Large corporate users/customer base.

Cons: There is very little direction and people are continuing to do more of the same
Advice: Value your employees and let them continue to work from home
Pros: Great colleagues and lots of opportunity to learn HANA

Cons: Too much re-organization happening within the company every other year.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment within the organization.

Cons: Diversity only in name. Poor growth and diversity for non-white specially in some regions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance

Cons: Nothing major comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, employee-first culture, lots of opportunity to grow and advance

Cons: Huge bias towards caucasian males.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, and nice site locations.

Cons: Responsibility and leadership focussed in Germany and not US
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company very employee friendly Great Benefits

Cons: nothing to mention . Growth is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Great reliable company to work.

Cons: It’s a large company and it takes time to navigate.
Advice: Keep paying your employees well and they will stay and help you continue to scale.
Pros: Great company with a lot of talent. Everyone really works hard to help their customers.

Cons: short hours Little pay No tip Short shift Short pay
Advice: None
Pros: Chill Cool Great Fun Easy

Cons: Company is not Loyal to their employees. After still making a profit and because other large tech companies were laying off. They laid off loyal employees who were working understaffed and overworked for 3 years and through covid. A lot have had 20 years or over with the company.
Advice: Current leadership needs to go back to the SAP loyalty of old. Current climate is not good.
Pros: Use to be a great company. Always talked about team work and family. Was always looking out for the employees

Cons: Very low pay for young new hires
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture Kitchen is unreal

Cons: no career advancement, below average compensation esp. in the bay area, raises can't keep up with inflation, politics, skillset easily becomes obsolete
Advice: None
Pros: slow pace, generally nice colleagues, good benefits, good place if you want to stay for last few years before retirement

Cons: None to me, really don't have any.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company to work for.

Cons: It is a large corporation with it's pros and cons
Advice: None
Pros: Taking care of employees very well

Cons: Lack of diversity and people of color in leadership roles
Advice: Hire more diverse candidates to be in leadership
Pros: Great place to work and grow

Cons: Few opportunities for growth of creatives in a sales focused company. Content can be a bit dry to work with, however some enjoy the challenge to do so.
Advice: Recognition of internal designers/creatives with more growth opportunities and recognition.
Pros: Benefits: 401k, Stock options, full medical, dental/vision Stable Pay

Cons: Would have loved to work at SAP for a longer tenure but was collateral in recent layoffs.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Work with managers who care and want to make an impact. The company treats its employees like humans and handled layoffs with respect and care.

Cons: Speaking solely about their involvement in the healthcare industry for ERP, they haven’t EVER been competitive in this space and have failed to make a commitment to doing so. Let me amend that statement… over the last 25 years SAP has made a few attempts to create a true “Healthcare Vertical” but then pull the plug after a couple/few years. Selling within the healthcare group is an uphill battle for many reasons but truly are leaders in many other industries.
Advice: My belief is that SAP made the decision a long time ago that becoming competitive within healthcare to compete with Oracle, Workday, and Infor just isn’t worth the investment. The “Juice isn’t worth the squeeze” so to speak.
Pros: SAP is a fantastic company to work for due to their company culture. They push the importance of personal well-being and having a work-life balance. The sales organization for high level sales roles compensates generously. Their employee benefit package and time-off policies are great.

Cons: Like most companies some leadership challenges
Advice: None
Pros: Focused on strategy and execution

Cons: Just another number and always one call away from being let go…
Advice: None
Pros: SAP forces customers to continuously upgrade software and spend more money each year. Costs never go down…

Cons: Complicated reporting structure. Slow to make changes. Unrealistic change management on larger projects
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation Work-life balance Other employees

Cons: Like any sales job it’s a grind, and if you do not seek constant training or new ideas from colleagues the job may feel dull and repetitive
Advice: None
Pros: There are so many colleagues that are open to helping you/training you in order to better yourself as a sales person

Cons: Work life balance is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting environment working with great people.

Cons: nothing comes to my mind.
Advice: None
Pros: really enjoy working for SAP. Lots of friendly colleagues and good spirit.

Cons: Larger bureaucracy, complicated processes, highly competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative team, sales driven organization, competitive salary structure, flexible working arrangements

Cons: Feels like there is an underground network of best practices that not everyone is privy to
Advice: The micro management style of some can be difficult
Pros: Unlimited training and support for SDR team

Cons: Not many, other than it's a for-profit company
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible in every sense of the word, room for growth, great benefits.

Cons: no cons for the position
Advice: None
Pros: good experience as a student

Cons: -- Middle management is too beurocratic -- Technical knowhow of manager -- Very slow moving sw development
Advice: None
Pros: ++ Good pay for an intern ++ Good cafe, office, and parking ++ Stable SAAS company with established processes

Cons: Management at SAP is not good
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has work life balance

Cons: pay isn't competitive too few women in senior leadership diversity and inclusion is lacking
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits work remotely work with a global team

Cons: No cons at all here
Advice: None
Pros: Good life style balance here

Cons: Need to be realistic that their strength is ERP and all other products revolve around that.
Advice: Continue the focus on moving to the cloud but be realistic about non ERP product growth and performance.
Pros: Best ERP in the industry

Cons: Sometimes you run into passive aggressive behavior. Consensus building can slow things down.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great opportunities and real desire to create a great place to work.

Cons: Lots of internal red tape to get anything done internal politics success largely determined by accounts in your patch
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Opportunity to make 6 - 7 figures

Cons: German culture makes it hard to be agile, where decisions must be routed through SAP Board
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work arrangements, great benefits, progressive, great co-workers who care about the long-term success of the company

Cons: Dont have any cons that I have come across personally
Advice: The Management is doing great for the benefit of employees
Pros: Great Learning and a wonderful place to grow

Cons: -A lot of information to learn and your job is relevant on how much you know -Training is great but its a data dump - make sure you take good notes -There is a lot of internal coordination - you have endless resources which sounds amazing but you need to know what resource and when to engage them. You will play a lot of "musical calendars" -Organization!!!! If you are not organized this job can take a toll on you - you are the owner of your account and its your responsibility to do everything for that account from scheduling meetings to taking care of administrative work
Advice: -The training process could be better. Its a data dump and studies show a retention of about 10% of that data. If this was more interactive the retention would go up.
Pros: -Flexible work schedule -Treats you like an adult -Allows you to run your territory without micro management -Great benefits -Family first - always supports you if you have family matters come up -Pays well -PTO is great -DEI is apart of the corporate DNA and they take that seriously -Fun working environment -Remote - there is an office in most cities that you can work at if you want too, but you can also work from home. You get to choose when you travel and can customize your schedule as needed -No such thing as "work life balance" - what I mean by that is they are so flexible that its very much so get your work done however that looks for you. That way if you need to pick kids up from school, go to the doctor, etc do it, and then work when you can! This is the BEST feeling. No stress or anxiety of needing to take care of basic life needs. -Some of the best employees! Everyone is willing to help where they can - I have yet to have someone push something off on me, or be unsupportive. The staff at SAP is a tenure staff and have been doing this a long time, therefore they are so knowledgeable and willing to support newer employees.

Cons: Small personal impact on products, numerous re-works due to miss communication (top down, bottom up, and with peers- usual in large , more mature corporations)
Advice: None
Pros: Enphasis in work life balance

Cons: Stuck in the old way of doing things.
Advice: Get to know your employees career goals better. Take a vested interested in grooming young talent and for those who been with the company for many years get to understand if they want to explore other opportunities within the organization.
Pros: Solid brand, and good company to get experience in

Cons: Internship program doesn't automatically lead to a full-time job. Interns are considered external applicants so you can't apply to internal job positions which are the only ones that are open at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and people are willing to meet/network with you. Lots of resources are available event to interns.

Cons: Work/life balance is very blended and a lot of travel required .
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership and culture. Place where you can build a career.

Cons: Office politics too much with new joine
Advice: None
Pros: Good in compensation on all levels

Cons: Management is bad, Overutilization of resources, no clear communication within employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good tech stacks, learning opportunities are many

Cons: Fellow members may be located in different time zones, so being in sync with someone who is opposite to your time can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Five days off granted by company annually that is not part of regular accrued vacation. Training offered but could be a challenge with existing workload.

Cons: Salary is low compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly and caring Good work life balance

Cons: Big company slowness sometimes but otherwise nothing major
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome all around as a workplace

Cons: Everyone is underpaid; constantly changing environment; poor management. Some managers are toxic and are allowed to remain managers even after several complaints and poor reviews. TQMs are overworked, underpaid, and no one invests in them. They have to hire from China and India because no one wants to do this job.
Advice: Pay more, stop restructuring every other month, fire bad managers
Pros: Free lunch, 401K match is good, good healthcare benefits

Cons: Salaries are little less compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance is good

Cons: Work life balance could use some improvement
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great culture

Cons: They never take action against a lousy manager or employee. They just move them around positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Benefits, Culture, Paid time off, gorgeous building

Cons: - Pay may be slightly lower than FAANG but still decent overall.
Advice: None
Pros: - Good work / life balance - Supportive leadership at all levels - Many learning and mentorship opportunities - Exciting tech innovations - Great outlook in the next 5 years - Highly data-driven business team that value data analytics

Cons: Many re-organizations led to less than ideal setups. Some bad management which can disproportionally affect the work experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Mostly positive experiences and colleagues. Good benefits.

Cons: Large organization, so you need to know how to navigate and network
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to explore different areas of business

Cons: internal processes are somewhat bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: great company with committed professionals

Cons: Not much growth when compare with other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall my experience was ok but no growth.

Cons: Poorly managed. The newer smaller companies, like Workday, are taking away its share of market.
Advice: 
Pros: Large company with international presence, some what shielded from US economic cycles

Cons: None that I know of
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for

Cons: Too many talented leaders left SAP.
Advice: Get out of the way, and let people innovate, define new processes, develop new products &amp; solutions. Lack of proper internal processes has hit a tipping point.
Pros: Colleagues are smart, ambitious, and hardworking.

Cons: Due to overlap on projects with other countries, the hours can be long to handle cross-coordination
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, supportive to allow you to grow into positions

Cons: Nothing that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work-life balance. Great people to work and learn from. Decent Pay

Cons: Large organization that can feel overly bureaucratic at time
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay Great work flexibility Great benefits

Cons: BIG comapny - lots of managers and layoffs disproportionately hitting doers.
Advice: Hard to convince people to give up micro-kingdoms to advance cause
Pros: People, customers, culture of keeping your word and being supported to do so

Cons: You're a number, so you can be replaced, don't forget that
Advice: None
Pros: Ton of possibilities to move up and around

Cons: Enterprise organization with many divisions. Sometimes a challenge to navigate into other divisions.
Advice: Keep moving forward and continue listening to your team!
Pros: Great company with really nice people

Cons: A lot of deadlines depending on what your focus is
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great

Cons: Location is expensive its difficult to relocate
Advice: None
Pros: Great office location Management was nice

Cons: No option to work at a location
Advice: None
Pros: Great solution great company and benefits.

Cons: No cons at this company
Advice: None
Pros: Love working here, great company and culture.

Cons: Difficult to turn around the culture of 110+ employee and 50-year old organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Well-intentioned focus on personal/professional balance; and focus on customers.

Cons: Extremely challenging to advance on work achievement alone. Culture has changed in past few years, many top performers leaving. Career development needs to improve.
Advice: Could use more inspirational motivation to engage with employees.
Pros: Large stable company, with broad portfolio. Interesting projects and technology innovation trends keep you engaged. Solid benefits great vacation time.

Cons: -Old fashioned work environment -Little on-site perks
Advice: None
Pros: -Working with competent people who been in their career for years

Cons: No Cons when I was working here
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a great company overall

Cons: Your experience is completely driven by your manager. If you have a good manager then you will love it. If you have a bad manager you may not feel the same. There are lots of bad managers.
Advice: Hire better or train low level managers. Employee retention will probably get better.
Pros: Know how to take care of their employees. Nice benefits and lots of little perks.

Cons: The people in leadership lack inspiration. People focus on quantity rather than quality--every inch of a ppt slide has content. It is a very complex, matrixed work environment. Many, many stakeholders.
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about its employees inside and outside of work. Good compensation and excellent benefits. Most of the leadership is strong. Excellent brand.

Cons: Because of the restructure, leadership decided to let go few Sr level director then re-hired lower level (T4) candidate. It's a chaotic, politic, lack of trust.
Advice: Board of Directors need to review the sr leadership.
Pros: WFH / Hybrid work. Great people to work with but bad new hired from Marketing &amp; Solutions leadership since 1.5 years,

Cons: Being part of the restructuring plan and having my position eliminated.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP was a great company to work for, benefits, work life balance and co-workers were great.

Cons: Pay is low, slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, huge company and good network

Cons: Comp is 15% - 25% lower than average in the same role.
Work life balance is never good if you want promotion or salary rise.
Toxic politics - Although you work 50 - 60 hours a week and achieve amazing tasks, if you are not leadership teams favor, your career growth can be very slow.
People can occupy at the same role forever and stay in their comfort zone easily.
People diversity is NOT always true like my engineering dept.
Advice: Team should consist of diverse people from different races. When 99% developers and managers are in the same race, how can we trust there is no bias on performance reviews?
Pros: Have so many different resources to learn tech.
You have opportunity to transfer to different locations.
As a global company, your experience can be fun and interesting to engage across teams.
Good PTO policy.

Cons: - Workload ebbs-and-flows considerably over the year (usually a mad dash to hire heavily in Q1 followed by decreasing demand throughout the rest of the year) Can lead to feeling burnt out in Q1 and bored in Q3/4
- Systems and analytics are shockingly basic for a tech company (ATS is crude compared to newer software products on the market, metrics and analytics are impossible to find)
Advice: - Invest in workforce demand planning and load the hiring demand more smoothly over the entire year. 
- Invest more time and resources into strategic recruiting practices (more technology and data for recruiters to leverage in their day-to-day) 
- Fix the ATS - the internal ATS is the worst system I've used in my recruitment career, and it's functionality is 20 years behind other competitors in the market.
Pros: - Super flexible work arrangement (can work pretty much whenever from wherever) 
- Strong culture of trust from Talent Attraction management - recruiters are truly regarded as experts and opinions are respected

Cons: SAP is 100+k employees and has been driving Fortune 500 companies for 50+ years - don't expect nimble, especially around diversity, inclusion and belonging.
Advice: If you're serious about fighting for gender parity then tie metrics to executives' Performance plans. Period.
Pros: Really smart people doing really cool stuff that helps the world.

Cons: Large Company, location of resources
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Collaboration, open door policy

Cons: Growth is tough so you generally have to leave.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome! This is a great company to go work at and cut your teeth.

Cons: Lean into managers and seniors on teams when planning a restructuring to avoid leaving teams in shambles with select high performers left to keep fort with low performers staying on but not pulling any weight.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote / Hybrid workplace. Lot of internships opening. Good if you are in Germany.

Cons: Work life balance. Lower pay and lot of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Large company. Opportunities to work across different products

Cons: It's a big global organization. Sometimes things take a bit to get implemented.
Advice: None
Pros: You are part of an established, trusted, and innovative global community. Transparent leadership. Endless touch points of interaction with colleagues and partners.

Cons: Work life balance can be difficult. Tough managing timezones.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits, flexible remote work, global teams and cultural diversity.

Cons: It's a male dominated/manage up culture. You move up in management based on your revenue performance, nothing else. They discourage work/life balance (ie I had a co-worker who lost 30lbs going through a personal trauma and asked for mental health leave and her manager and her manager's manager begged her not to take a mental health leave because it would look bad on her brand).
Advice: None
Pros: Value-selling is their bread and butter - great sales people to learn from!

Cons: really really german. hard processes to get things through
Advice: None
Pros: great people. lovely technology and engineering

Cons: Not a lot of Diversity
Advice: Management should have more diverse perspectives and allow ethnic diversity to flourish to ensure the best ideas are implemented!
Pros: Flexible Work options Freedom to have many career tracks Great customer engagement opportunities

Cons: -average salaries -no meaningful stock awards
Advice: None
Pros: -Good WLB -Good management -good benefits and leave policy

Cons: Average pay and stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and benefits, good vacation time

Cons: Takes a long time to innovate and a very long vertical org chart.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance. The company takes time to develop tech and is very focused on security and compliance.

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work life balance

Cons: A lot of red tape, slow to change.
Advice: Work harder to keep your strong employees from leaving
Pros: I enjoy the culture here

Cons: Slow on innovation, somewhat bureaucratic, decision making concentrated in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Smart colleagues, flexible work environment, travel opportunities, competitive salary

Cons: SAP used to be a good company, from the employee and product point of view, however, it continues to decline in both areas. 1) Pay – still good overall, however, it comes with a price of high demands, long working hours and negatively impacted work / life balance. 2) Benefits – look god on “paper”, however, in reality hard to utilize. Time off is negatively affected by high demands, learning advancement hard to get as it is linked to manager’s budget / performance, and the rest is similar to other tech companies. 3) Management / company structure – different in various parts, however, overall highly hierarchical and focused on German top management. Company rewards qualities that in many cases lead to promoting “bad” managers. Leadership and vision are negatively affected as many in top positions left the company. The current top management is just supervising the operation. 4) Job security – relatively low if you are outside of EU. German / European employees are unionized and protected by EU law, so any workforce changes only affect those outside of EU. Layoffs often happen behind the scenes. 5) Products / innovation - SAP used to innovate internally, however, for some time the focus has been on just acquiring. The acquisitions had a varying level of success, yet almost none went well. The result is a suite of disjoined products requiring ongoing fixes, corrections and many time re-architecting. Switch to the subscription model shifted the burden of those issues to SAP employees. 6) People - the company has been steadily losing top talent / performers. 6) Other – financials are heavily influenced by outside investors. You can still learn something for your next step; however, plan than next step early.
Advice: Change the way you promote people. Some of your managers are border-line abusive and HR refuses to acknowledge it. You need true leadership and vision as just supervising the day to day operation can only get you so far.
Pros: Pay and benefits are still good and some learning is possible.

Cons: * Equity not bad but could be better
Advice: None
Pros: * Amazing Flex work benefits * Great culture * Great people * Great leadership

Cons: Large company - things move slowly
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really takes care of it's people

Cons: Lack of direction from leadership, lots of change, lack of opportunity to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, good product, work-life balance, benefits

Cons: I did not find anything as issues while working there, great company
Advice: None
Pros: Great Workplace, Flexible and friendly colleges

Cons: Company culture is heavy on internal politics Layoffs were not handled well. After many years with the company, lost job right out of maternity leave
Advice: Adjust compensation package to market rate Treat employees well - employee loyalty is an asset these days
Pros: SAP has been a very 'people' oriented company. Growth and professional development opportunities. Great people. Smart Minds. Collaborative culture

Cons: Maybe to have a better career plan for experts
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Company has a lot of flexibility

Cons: Some I nternal organizational transformation and change
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance overall

Cons: SAP moves very slowly when it comes to adopting new technologies and improving their products
Advice: None
Pros: Outstanding Worklife Balance and respectful work environment

Cons: Training material isn't well-organized (or well-organized content is overwhelmed by disorganized/stale content) learning/progression for acquired staff is unclear
Advice: None
Pros: massive amounts of training data frequent tactical acquisitions of smaller companies

Cons: I haven't found anything bad about the company yet. If i have name one, it is the company is so big that it is going to take some time for me to poke around to get familiar with different teams and it's people and functions.
Advice: It really not much advice for me to say. I have been provided support and flexibility to do my job and grow my carrer. I do appreciate it.
Pros: I had been hearing about all the good stuff about my team during the hiring period and from other departments when I first joined the compant. It's been not quite long. It's about a month and a half, but i can confirm it's true. All the seniors in the team all very welcoming. They greeted me and offered support/help at the very beginning. I didn't expect I can make any impact to the team in a couple of months. What am I surprised for is that my work can be recognized by the managers in such a short peroid. So far my overall experience is great.

Cons: Could be better if they hired less people
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work highly recommend

Cons: hardly any cons I see
Advice: None
Pros: good culture, uplifting boss and positive working environment

Cons: No hay ningún desventaja a menos que llegues a u. Buen sueldo.
Advice: La integridad es u. Buen miembro en el equipo.
Pros: Lo mejor es que termino y salgo de trabajar rápido

Cons: Lack of direction from leadership, lots of change, lack of opportunity to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, good product, work-life balance, benefits

Cons: Staffing is not always equally considered in various regions in the world creating a disproportionate workload in certain regions. This likely has a lot to do with cultural tolerances for a disproportionate work life balance especially in North America, but the company should be more sensitive and aware of the disproportionate workloads and strive to improve it. It is very difficult to provide customer satisfaction without the resources needed but we really try.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great benefits and lots of smart people to work with. Love the daily challenges and collaboration. SAP has a genuine interest in customer satisfaction. In general, the pro's far outweigh the cons.

Cons: The CEO is the son of a German politican who happens to be best friends with Hasso. Hasso makes all the decisions around here. Most of them are poor. Below market pay, below market raises... and you guessed it! Poor career trajectory. Attrition is very high in North America but the board chooses to focus on Germany, where employees have unionized and have rights. The executive board is a clown show. The CEO and both CTOs are completely unfit for their current roles. Its a German boys club at the top. Diversity and Inclusion is also a joke here. Once you get to a certain point, you must be a white German male or female to be a leader.
Advice: Hire based on accomplishments - not who knows the founding members. Pay high performers and eliminate low performers.
Pros: The job is incredibly easy. You need to do some highly illegal stuff to get fired from SAP. I worked maybe 10 hours a week here.

Cons: Rigid policies, very German, unwavering
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, Culture, team focused, nice office

Cons: All Virtually and over online meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Weekly Pay, Flexible Hours, Different Roles

Cons: Size of company difficult to navigate for first 1-2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Vast company with multiple career choices, for self driven individuals who perform well

Cons: No clear career path, recent bad press
Advice: None
Pros: Able to work remotely, laid-back company culture

Cons: Sometimes slow to move Long time to implement
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work/life balance Good overall compensation Good connection with strategy and day to day execution

Cons: There were no cons at this job.
Advice: None
Pros: They had great lunch coupons.

Cons: Grind while working, too much
Advice: None
Pros: Had good pay and company culture

Cons: Low pay relative to industry peers
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance Development Opportunities People are great

Cons: Pay was low compared to industry-standards. Work-life balance suffers in departments dedicated to Sales support including Finance, Legal and Ops. Never enough headcount to keep up with sales goals.
Advice: Hire more people and pay them better. It's a fabulous company and one which I recommend to this day but the company will be more successful if you adequately staff. SAP was far too lean to successfully support your customers, sales and employees. "Lean and mean" will not scale.
Pros: Mature business with efficient organization. Generous benefits and employee support. Early adopter of remote WFH model even before the pandemic. Diversity initiatives and corporate support for them is good.

Cons: Politics are everywhere. No leading edge products
Advice: None
Pros: Global footprint. Large product profile

Cons: Lower pay compared to area
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and culture.

Cons: salary is really really low
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is good

Cons: managers are having too many power
Advice: None
Pros: good wlb; fun project; a lot of space for designers

Cons: Can’t even get their core ERP offering to market Rise / (S/4 HANA). Micromanagement all the way down with zero growth or employee retention interest. Accounts will be stolen deals will be lost all due to internal conflict
Advice: Operations needs to eliminate the unqualified managers
Pros: Great brand name in technology

Cons: Nothing much other than what they are doing
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and work life balance

Cons: Very little balance, but very fun job
Advice: Please keep up the growth.
Pros: Very good pay and benefits

Cons: - Hard to move into new positions. Must conform
Advice: None
Pros: Has a lot of processes. Good management. strong culture

Cons: none, very good work environment
Advice: None
Pros: good work, lots of challenging tasks

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and great work life balance

Cons: Complexity, big company, different cultures
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, inclusion, flexibility, different cultures

Cons: Since it is such a large company it's easy to get lost in the shuffle and you have to make sure to stand out from the resst.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP does very well in rewarding along with annual reviews, so you know what to look forward to.

Cons: Large is also a con because you can’t know everything the company does. Too many acronyms, if you don’t work for that div you have no idea what it is or what they do.
Advice: Simplicity please
Pros: Large enough to move around

Cons: Dated technology, typical big company culture. Hard to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, good teammates

Cons: Career advancement tracks are not as clear as they should be.
Advice: Make guidelines for career advancement clear and not subjective by leaving the requirements abstract and ambiguous.
Pros: Name alone on a resume is worth it's weight in gold. Plenty of certifications and areas to expand your arsenal of knowledge.

Cons: A little on the low end from an equity perspective
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a really good culture. One example is their autism at work program, where they’ve done a marvelous job.

Cons: Endlessly drinking from the firehose. Overengineering workflows and help tools. Resource depth is lacking.
Advice: Bring back office resources back to the US, and foster immediate connections between teams for more efficient workflows.
Pros: Schedule autonomy. Superior product. Intelligent and quality people..

Cons: Job role changes can occur every
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, supportive, collaborative culture Hybrid flexible work environment They really are focused on sustainability and diversity, inclusion and equality Promote growth and development Great benefits Competitive salary

Cons: Job role changes can occur every
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, supportive, collaborative culture Hybrid flexible work environment They really are focused on sustainability and diversity, inclusion and equality Promote growth and development Great benefits Competitive salary

Cons: A lot of talk around diversity, but seems to care very little about it. Very focused on increasing female representation,  yet offers the bare minimum in regards to parental leave.  The D&amp;I team is very small and seems to have very little opportunity for impact.

Much of leadership is old school, very “we’ve always done it this way” and not receptive to new ideas. Protective of the old ways rather than looking towards innovation and collaboration. Many great new hires leave because they are stifled by the culture that values what is known over what could be achieved.
Advice: Talk is just talk. Action matters more
Pros: Stable, fiscally conservative company.  Great health plan.

Cons: Some leaders remain in roles due to relationships vs. ability
Advice: Identify leaders not aligned to company culture and work to move the leader to the appropriate role or coach them to improve.
Pros: Culture. Mentorship. Focus on experience. Support. Resources. Leadership.

Cons: There are a lot of politics. Youre in the in crowd or your not.
Advice: None
Pros: Many great opportunities here if current role not a good fit.

Cons: strategic change...stuck in old world approaches
Advice: None
Pros: good people, willing to help at times

Cons: very very slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: really great people, global company

Cons: A lotta people are just coasting there
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance for families

Cons: action about D&amp;I big miss - continue to hire White German men for key roles. Good Ole Boy Network at its finest
Advice: None
Pros: talk about D&amp;I is on the mark

Cons: I have a lack of faith in our CEO and global leadership. I have much more faith in the North American leadership, but I think they have their hands tied a bit.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company Amazingly smart and talented people Caring culture

Cons: Very poor cloud products, availability and customer outcomes. Laggard renewal rates though improving.
Advice: Listen to customers, cull the portfolio, complete the integration with the remaining products and right size the organization.
Pros: Work with great customers from all industries and continents.

Cons: Big and not always organized in the best way for you
Advice: None
Pros: Good products, lots of different avenues to pursue

Cons: None that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Very good organization to work with

Cons: Sometimes work can move slow.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a great place to work at for those that enjoy working in a technology driven company. The overall company culture is also nothing but great as well.

Cons: The current CEO has never worked anywhere else and is very insular, and doesn’t have the market or customer trust our former CEO had. Group think in his office is a concern. Change is constant - depending on your job you could have new KPIs every year, and they can change mid year, so you have to be flexible. Th be company is very entrepreneurial - the good news is I’ve encountered few micro managers, but the flip side is many jobs you just have to figure out on your own - there’s not a lot of structured learning and onboarding outside sales, and it can be daunting and overwhelming when you’re new. The whole company runs on networks - if you’re not good at building networks, unless you’re in dev or maybe support, it’s difficult to ramp up quickly.
Advice: SAP may have been revolutionary in its practices fifty years ago, but the German engineering that got us to be the largest enterprise software company in the world is best suited to an on prem environment… we need radical change in the way decisions are made. We need to break the habit of consensus decision making that pushes every single decision up several levels, no matter how small. Cloud isn’t just a software mindset - it’s got to be a cultural shift to rapid, agile management, too.
Pros: European style benefits e.g., stay long enough you can get up to 30 data PTO/yr.; excellent healthcare options, some offices provide lunch Really wonderful people who share knowledge freely and are at the top of their game, well-regarded brand in the industry - the company name opens doors and alumni network is strong. Collaborative, supportive environment with mentoring and reverse mentoring programs, autism at work, employee interest groups, and a highly diverse workforce compared to most other tech companies, especially the percentage of women in leadership roles.

Cons: Insecure about job when the announcement of 2.5% layoff was out Slow promotion
Advice: Decide who to layoff first and then announce it. Letting us hang for 3 weeks is mental torture.
Pros: Great culture, great co-workers, great PTO plan, great stock investment plan

Cons: The complexity of the organization and the Board structure makes it difficult to make any real changes or to get anything major done.
Advice: None
Pros: International company, interesting and complex topics, employee-friendly policies and environment. Good place to work.

Cons: 401K employer match could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Culture and diversity and inclusion are taken seriously

Cons: Disjointed company strategy Rampant duplication of work and internal competition Lacking in true leaders Poor communication from L1 leaders Lack of understanding the North American market
Advice: Hire and train leaders, not managers
Pros: Autonomy in regular job duties Talented staff Compensation and benefits

Cons: slow, political, not much movement
Advice: None
Pros: great place to learn, and kick start your career

Cons: I could not find any cons
Advice: None
Pros: The company has an amazing Work-life balance

Cons: Frustrating for high performers and people who want to achieve
Due to too many people, cannot get consensus on anything and due to multiple timezones, cannot even have meetings to take things forward. 
You always deal with strangers in different countries - 50% of whom will not respond at all - regardless of what you ask or how you ask
Advice: Manage your company better!
Pros: Less work; can relax - great for people with multiple kids or other priorities
Not competitive; stable job with a very stable company
There will always be reorgs and so it will always be ambiguous as to what you need to do- so no need to do any work; just sit back and watch a movie- no problem!

Cons: Very large organization, people stay for long time in same positions which impact agility
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams, interesting work, people conscious

Cons: High Intensity, Fast - Paced, Organizational Skills Required
Advice: None
Pros: Great collaboration, great culture, Great growth opportunities.

Cons: many processes hard to confirm
Advice: None
Pros: good peopl good culture good environment

Cons: -Stagnant company -German Centric -Not great for advancing your career
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility -Management Support -Ability to move roles

Cons: Often Change of senior leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity, work environment, and people

Cons: None, better positioned than most
Advice: Keep innovating
Pros: All for one, one for all

Cons: Management is a joke. The promote talkers rather than do-ers. They also keep no one accountable. 

Company commuications are completely unclear. 

Company just runs poor. Its a laugh they expect to be able to help other companies run better. For example, they own a expense report company (Concur). However they have the worst expense policy themselves (Not concur's fault). If you go for a team dinner or traveling with a group and eat at the same dinner you have to get VP approval. Thats even if the meal is being paid by the client. This creates such inefficiency and confusion its laughable. Then the audit team (SAP not Concur) doesnt know how to read receipts and rejects most expense reports for no reason and takes a escalation to get it approved. 

HR is effectively humanness with everything (oustide of VP level) being just a ticketing system.
Advice: Split the company into multiple new companies. You are acting like a inefficient government.  Adjust or you will continue to lose in the future. .
Pros: *High pay for very little work. 
*They do not fire anyone for any reason (also a Con).

Cons: CEO Christian Klein isn’t selling SAP like Bill McD did, stock price is at a 6 yr low, budget cuts risk US employees more than German
Advice: Woke agendas are a great opportunity to sell SAP software - talk about global warming by sharing how companies beat global warming by using SAP software. Talk about gender equality in context to using SAP software to address it.
Pros: Value on work life balance, value on job security

Cons: Worst HR department- can’t handle real issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and supplemented lunch are great.

Cons: Worst HR department- can’t handle real issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and supplemented lunch are great.

Cons: I really had no cons working there
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, benefits, culture, great life work balance

Cons: none, amazing company. Enjoy my team and role
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, no complaints

Cons: Some manager should be trained in case saying some nonsense
Advice: None
Pros: Have a fair work load

Cons: Typical large company slow processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, inclusive, great pay.

Cons: I did not like the culture here
Advice: None
Pros: You are able to build a good network

Cons: Too much process and bureaucracy to make decisions and get work done quickly and efficiently.
Advice: Eliminate fat in the company and tear down massive bureaucracy
Pros: Great products and brand recognition. Touches virtually every sector within enterprise software space. Treats employees well.

Cons: Meetings meetings meetings. Very waterfall; deadlines are determined by product stakeholders at the beginning, without consulting engineers, and never modified.

Local management can (and was for me) very 'butts in seats' mid-pandemic, and regardless of the company's 'pledge to flex' ("you don't have to be in here 5 days a week 9-5. Just 8 hours of your choosing MWF. See? Flex!). 

Equity grants are budgeted only for ~half the team. 401k takes 3 years to fully vest. Comp is below market for companies of its size/name brand.
Advice: You're not agile, even when you think you are. No one who has worked there for the past decade is going to be able to fix that for you.
Pros: CEO is actually looking to steer the behemoth into the public cloud. Uniquely positioned to understand the needs of non-tech companies and create broadly usable solutions (albeit very inefficiently).

Cons: no cons for my opinion
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place wor work Smart people

Cons: Navigating the politics is sometimes a challenge.
Advice: Keep listening to your employees.  They are the lifeline and key to your success.
Pros: I have worked for SAP for almost 10 years (Prior to that worked at a company that they acquired). Their Pledge to Flex program is a huge benefit to work at your best. While being with a big company can be challenging to navigate and find the right role, there are so many opportunities available. You may have to take a role that is a stepping stone towards your ultimate dream job. However if you put in the work, stay curious and never stop learning, you'll find that opportunity and schedule that is right for you.

Cons: I could not find any cons
Advice: None
Pros: The company has an amazing Work-life balance

Cons: Everyone seems nice enough but there is a very clique culture that is really strong the higher up the ladder. No transparency or trust from anyone. Don’t get lured in by all the good reviews.
Advice: Listen to the worker bees on the ground and don’t believe all the hype management tries to blind you with.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Unlimited sick days.

Cons: lower pay compare to market level
Advice: None
Pros: relative great work life experience

Cons: Too large. Too many microsoft employees coming in trying to change the culture without understanding (or trying to understand) this business. So many meeting, with a lot of attendees. A lot of weak managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid reputation, great benefits, vacation, sick, etc.

Cons: need to wait for the promotion(very long time).
Advice: None
Pros: open minded team members for learning!!!

Cons: all good, good company to work
Advice: None
Pros: amazing culture and nice work

Cons: Goalposts from a comp standpoint keep moving and SAP doesn’t have the cloud solution set which matches their expectations around quota achievement. Regional leadership is underwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall good people. Great place to start a career and/or gain experience.

Cons: None actually that I could point out
Advice: None
Pros: No Cons. Amazing Company. Great Managers.

Cons: CEO board politics are perennial. You will get promoted if you play politics. Can do better than being a mid field player. it's a classic story of too big to fail.
Advice: Show some damn leadership and stop playing games.
Pros: Lots of average talent, can give stability at low wages.

Cons: Process oriented organization Slow to move
Advice: None
Pros: Stable environment for long term carreer

Cons: Not always the clearest goals and objectives present
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch, great out of work experiences, personable coworkers

Cons: Changes are always imminent which is expected.
Advice: Continue with the transparency as you have been.
Pros: Culture focused on people, careers, flexibility, and challenging oneself always.

Cons: N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Advice: None
Pros: Nice pay good culture，great place to work

Cons: Culture is a challenge along with the ever evolving leadership changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits and commission plans

Cons: Because there are so many employees, you can get lost if you do not speak up and ask questions.
Advice: Continue to provide the employees with tools to assist in networking for your next position.
Pros: There is so much to learn at SAP! After almost 10 years I can still say, " I have a lot to learn." SAP provides opportunities to move within the company and experience different roles. It is up to the employee to network within and choose their own path.

Cons: Processes can sometimes be cumbersome and complex but this is usually driven by compliance requirements. Compliance is definitely very important for SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for a long time and SAP has done a great job transitioning from the onPrem business to the cloud. SAP is all about cloud now and has a great cloud product portfolio and an outstanding leadership team. The collaboration between teams is generally very good. Of course there are always exceptions but in general everybody is very helpful, friendly and interested in the success of the customer.

Employees have great flexibility with regards to work location and hours. You don't need to be there 9 to 5, you can start early, work late, take breaks in the day, work from anywhere. The flex work policy is outstanding. 

The technology SAP is using is up to the newest trends but we make sure everything is enterprise ready as we support large scale customers which are very demanding and reliability is critical.

Cons: Too large, complex processes internally
Advice: None
Pros: Nice benefits, competitive pay and bonuses

Cons: None, great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, development opportunities, benefits, people, products and technology platform

Cons: This may apply more for my area rather than whole company
-Hard to get a grasp on workflow
-Management feels extremely disconnected from employees
-Cut a lot of benefits since I had started
-Horrendous WLB at times, working weekends and until 8pm several nights with no extra benefits
-Pay was low for amount of hours putting in (Sometimes 50-70 hours) compared to other similar teams
-Many early talents I have seen leave SAP in large troves for better opportunities not even that long into there time at the company
Advice: Create more incentive for Early Talents to stay and create a better WLB for some teams
Pros: -Good opportunity for growth
-Good Benefits
-Job Security
-Great and helpful colleagues
-Cool office
-Constant events for employees
-Always willing make improvements to work culture

Cons: Too much red tape to get things done sometimes, but in a large enterprise, it’s not uncommon.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity and benefits, chance for advancing career

Cons: Nothing I would mention as a disadvantage
Advice: None
Pros: Got the best team to work with, helpful colleagues, and flexible work times

Cons: Nothing to complain related to sap
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work, no complaints

Cons: Somewhat Siloed. Hard to move up and move around from a home office. Not much networking.
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, Ethics, Customer Support Focus

Cons: Global makes hard to feel connected
Advice: none
Pros: Benefits, Salary, Work Life Balance

Cons: Need more engineers to be employed and actively transforming legacy solutions to Cloud.
Advice: None
Pros: ability to organically build out development plaftorm

Cons: often work with people in different timezones resulting in meetings outside normal working hours
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance, good benefit, interesting work

Cons: Salary is low, comparing to FAANG companies, but it's OK. I'd rather go for SAP with lower salaries and less stress than for such a company with a short-lived employment with high salary and high stress.
Advice: Keep up the good work and thank you for being considerate to care for employees!
Pros: Simply the best place to work for Lots of learning opportunities Work-life balance

Cons: Early meetings pay is a bit low
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great

Cons: Be patient— given breadth of solutions and very global team, it can take time to truly ramp. Build internal and external SAP networks quickly to drive success.
Advice: None
Pros: World-class products and complete end to end business application portfolio (more vast than any other software or technology company). Altruistic culture based on doing what’s right for the customer and long-term healthy growth. Desire to drive innovation and business transformation focused client discussions.

Cons: Seems like there is always reorgs
Advice: None
Pros: Great people with with plenty of opportunities to grow.

Cons: They hired a sales director with no previous experience in sales. He lasted less than a year but was replaced with a seasoned sales director.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company to work for. Good people who are very supportive.

Cons: None no cons to report
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture Great people and great software

Cons: Unfortunately, my position was eliminated due to restructuring.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is filled with smart, wonderful people.

Cons: I have no comments about Cons
Advice: None
Pros: Transparency, professional development, opportunities and teamwork

Cons: Huge matrix company which can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: They provide you all the resources to be successful

Cons: Good for work at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing bad in here thought.

Cons: Extremely difficult to find part or full-time young (less expensive) workers with excellent work ethic and minimal mistakes
Advice: I am the owner of P &amp; A Consulting - So no advice, COVID killed my business model (Inviting individuals to live events)
Pros: Flexibility, growth potential (until COVID) Exposure to all aspects of business ownership

Cons: Added responsibilities no addtl income
Advice: None
Pros: good health benefits and remote

Cons: IT support organization is tough to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and Fair Salary

Cons: Can't think of any negative points
Advice: None
Pros: Company understands Value Advisory and is an industry leader in the space

Cons: Constant restructuring that leads to uncertainty in day-to-day execution
Advice: None
Pros: Can work with few of the best minds at SAP

Cons: Work-life balance and expectations around it suck
Advice: None
Pros: Great place for lifelong learners to work

Cons: German heavy. Favors Germans and german speaking community
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, benefits, WLB, etc. Overall good company to work for

Cons: No clarity in direction from senior management
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and work life balance

Cons: - Working hours, because often working with different time zones
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible Work - Great Colleagues

Cons: SAP is going through a change and the vision isn’t always clear
Advice: None
Pros: Great, company with great people

Cons: -Nearly impossible to implement new ideas for efficiency or positive changes to process-- way too much red tape and bureaucracy. 

-This is likely a common one for SaaS/cloud companies, but Sales often puts Implementation, Solutions, and Operations teams in a difficult position by overpromising on functionality and timeline. This his been a known problem for years, and always impacts project success, yet management puts very little time and effort into solving this issue.

-Over 100,000 employees. You are just a name on a spreadsheet

-SAP has a number of incredible products. They also have many applications that make zero sense to end user. It's difficult to effectively use many of their applications, even for SAP employees

-Too many org/changes, strategy adjustments, new leadership, etc. Not much consistency
Advice: The biggest thing is that there is too much red tape. So many of the internal SOPs are extremely cumbersome and inefficient...and nearly impossible to change.
Pros: Great benefits, many career paths, great resources

Cons: Bureaucracy was painful. Projects took too long and required input from too many team members and teams. Strategic direction was hard for management to convey with so many product lines and divisions.
Advice: Strategic direction was hard for management to convey with so many product lines and divisions.
Pros: Stable job and career, decent pay for remote environment, coworkers were generally smart and hardworking.

Cons: Easy to get lost in the large company
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of resources to help you enable

Cons: none so far, going great
Advice: None
Pros: good opportunity to make money

Cons: None that can be identified
Advice: None
Pros: Portfolio of stellar products Leader in space Knowledge

Cons: low pay as compared to industry
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, good medical benefits

Cons: They sometimes lag a bit in terms of the software products they are bringing to market. I believe that's part of a huge company compared to a start up.
Advice: None
Pros: Love this company. They do care about their employees and ensuring this is a great place to work. It took me a bit to find the job that fit my personality, skills, and interests, but once I did, easily the best experience of my career

Cons: - growth opportunities, lots of people competing for minimal positions
Advice: None
Pros: -flexible work environment -supportive coworkers -wfh

Cons: Could be slightly better on Compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Loaded with talented and gerat workforce

Cons: Work/Life balance needs to improve. Many employees work from home during hours that work for them, and then in addition to that, will also work late nights and/or weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is really great with Flex Hours and understanding that as a global company- everyone is going to be working at different times (and usually working from home).

Cons: Company moves slow, and sometimes does not speak to itself
Advice: Work together and please make sure that there is alignment in one strategy horizontally and vertically
Pros: SAP supports the individual and helps him /her innovate

Cons: No training provided at all.
Advice: Listen to employees
Pros: Great place to work in the summer.

Cons: Nothing to say with SAP
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Everything is good at it's best

Cons: Nothing comes to mind as a downside
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work culture. Would recommend.

Cons: no work life balance. Had to extend my work hours most of the time
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and Bonus Package

Cons: Navigating the large organization can be complex and challenging for newcomers.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Work/Life Balance, Management Style

Cons: Work-life balance is not good. Although not official, there is a "leadership committee" within product support where they decide people's life and if they don't like you, there is no promotion. Hard work won't get you a promotion being a sycophant with the leadership group will. Lack of transparency.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities. Salary is Ok.

Cons: Remote/hybrid work model cannot be applied.
Advice: None
Pros: Has large number of customers.

Cons: Again, the experience depends on your place in the organization. The experience, for example, in the Global Center of Expertise (a support/consulting function) can be condescending. While never the target myself, I saw others publicly berated multiple times when they could have been coached instead. Additionally, if you made a mistake in front of certain leadership, it would be very difficult to recover from. I did not experience either of these elements from other business units I served in. There were specific leaders, who had been raised in the organization over a long period of time, who were ultimately responsible for both of these issues. To be fair, some of those same leaders had some redeeming qualities as well--including really going to bat for people when it was time for a raise . But those qualities were not enough to overcome the negatives for the leadership in place. 

If after a long time working at the company you decide to pursue a career change, I would advise not trying to complete the transition within SAP. One might think it would be easier to change internally, it is not. There is a huge headcount is gold culture among hiring managers; which is likely true in many organizations. However, at SAP it makes it incredibly difficult to make a change even with transferable skills. It essentially makes hiring managers unwilling to take a chance that they might take otherwise, on someone who has great transferable skills but might not have the functional background (which they could learn). Examples of my own experiences included:
- 10+ interviews for one position, but then having an external consultant chosen instead
- A manager told me I didn't have enough experience in their function despite the fact that I was willing to reduce my grade in order to grow and had significant levels of transferable skills.
- Many hiring managers, after 2-3 (sometimes more) interviews, never get back to you; you find out weeks later through automated notifications that you didn't get the job; when they did let you know, they almost never responded to requests for feedback that would help you grow
Advice: Provide leadership training on how to deliver feedback (specifically to the members of what was the Global CoE in 2021). 

Transform from the headcount is gold hiring culture and take chances, specifically on long tenured internal applicants trying to make a change. You'll find them to be motivated, quick to learn, and a passionate member of the team. 

Reduce the number of interviews--5 interviews was not uncommon, in one case I experienced 10+. It's a waste of time and money for SAP and a horrible experience for the candidate. 

Infuse empathy into the hiring process. You might not be able to reply to every external candidate you interview. Internal candidates are taking a risk by applying and if you are going to put them through 2, 3, 4, 5 interviews and not be willing to reply when they ask for feedback so they can improve, you are adding to a negative employee experience. SAP did a project a number of years ago about Moments that Matter in the employee experience; hearing feedback was a moment that mattered for me, and honestly, not hearing it over and over made me feel that I didn't matter to SAP.
Pros: I spent more than 15 years at SAP, so obviously there are many good things. The experience you have is going to differ (sometimes drastically) depending on the part of the business you work in. If you are in the technical space, it's an amazing place to grow--over time you could stay in the same role and work on many different technologies because they are always evolving. If you are into problem solving, its also a really good place to work--they have the tools and methodologies for root cause analysis in customer support and you'll learn a ton even if you're already good at it. People tend to stay in the organization for a long time or return to work there after stepping away.

Over the time I worked there, I saw incredible growth and transformation, and over that time I continued to have good benefits, and good bonuses. I learned a lot.

Cons: To many reorganizations, to much complaxity
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with A lot of opportunities

Cons: With everything in life, great rewards, and success come with a lot of hard work and some late nights. I would not say this is necessarily a con, but just a normal part of anyone's career who strives to work and succeed at a top-tier technology company.
Advice: When you have a process that is working, don't try and fix it.
Pros: SAP is the type of quality organization you hope to work at and are able to make a life-long career in. The options for career growth, personal skills growth, and the ability to move around within the company are endless and only limited by your personal success map.

Cons: Salary are not to competetive
Advice: None
Pros: I love Sap Great Culture

Cons: In transition to convert to being a cloud company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture. Excellent advancement opportunities.

Cons: Large corporation sometimes set in it's ways
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Dynamic. Fast paced. European and progressive

Cons: Too much crazy things idk
Advice: You do you princess
Pros: They are coo and nice to be around

Cons: Almost no pay increases, no incentives to work hard - as there's no advancement
Advice: Remember that executive salaries are public and those doing the work can see when you take huge salaries, even as there's no money for rewarding rank and file employees.
Pros: SAP is a solid brand name to have on resume

Cons: not much I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is great

Cons: They're struggling to transition to the cloud mindset.
There are lots of long-timers who have been with the company a long time and want to continue doing things the same way as 20 years ago.
They're very good about women in leadership, but I don't see people of color much in leadership. I think the people have generally inclusive values in terms of collaboration, but they need to show it in their hiring practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Good values in terms of sustainability. 
Handled the pandemic well, didn't lay anyone off.
They act with integrity and ethically.
Smart, talented people work there.

Cons: I can't think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Many benefits that really make a difference in our career and personal life

Cons: Very large organization can be hard to navigate at times
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to grow upwards and branch out if you have the desire

Cons: Company uses some proprietary technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunity. Amazing company with great food

Cons: Project uncertainty Advancement Leaving in the middle of a project
Advice: Networking Be proactive
Pros: Work-life balance Stay Curious Embrace differences

Cons: Salaries are not competitive against others tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good.

Cons: Lack of structure and process. Everyone does things a little differently.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and nice company culture.

Cons: Little room to move, and develop. The company as a whole struggle to innovate or think fast. They are always on a hiring freeze, benefits lack, and raises/ pay are behind industry standards.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, ability to work remotely.

Cons: Internal job changes are a nightmare.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to work at the times you like

Cons: Seems like a constant re-organization of resources and budgets. New management seems to have full flexibility to fill their teams with friends and family so promotion from within is hard to come by (most open positions are not truly or fairly offered to those working their way from the bottom).
Advice: - Loyalty in an organization needs to be a reciprocal arrangement - so you need to look within first and focus on developing that talent. If you are always looking outside, chances are you are doing a poor job at development and retention issues will follow. 
- Listen to customers (yes), but listen to and focus on your employees first (they will take care of the customers for you).
Pros: By far, the individuals at SAP are the most competent and genuinely nice people that I have met in the software industry. Good culture led/driven by the employees. Compensation is fair, bonuses are always paid.

Cons: CEO is not very inspiring and not sure he is the right one for moving the company forward
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic culture and company that cares about its employees. Excellent benefits and competitive pay.

Cons: the epitome of a giant corp - lots of process, regulation, politics
Advice: you aren't listening anyway
Pros: Good pay, solid benefits, smart people

Cons: none of them at this point
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: salary is not great in SAP
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is great

Cons: Sap has lit of internal loopholes
Advice: None
Pros: Sap is employee friendly organisation

Cons: Pay can be better compared to tech companies in comparable size
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about employees. No lay offs during COVID

Cons: It's a very competitive environment - depending on your perspective, this can seem like a lot at times....but it is only that way to make you better and strive to be the best employee possible. Not a CON to most, but can be to some people.
Advice: Spending more quality time with each team member. It's better to overcommunicate, than to under communicate. Overcommunication bores (but is highly effective), and under communication cripples! Even if it's a 5 minute chat, it can go a long way. No issues from my direct manager, but perhaps getting to meet the higher-ups, that they report to, will go a long way!
Pros: The teamwork is unmatched! Everyone is helpful with sharing tips/tricks/best methods for driving sales numbers, etc. Marketing does a fantastic job with qualifying leads for the Sales team, which makes our jobs easier! Extremely thankful for that. Positive environment, from a culture standpoint. From one peer to the next, everyone is looking to help you grow!

Cons: poor supervision from team leader
Advice: None
Pros: providing paid trainings not necessarily related to the rule

Cons: Constant travel to clients sites
Advice: Keep up the great work of developing high quality consulting talent
Pros: Freedom to execute/implement your innovative ideas

Cons: constant process changes but nothing too concerning
Advice: None
Pros: Employee first company, great benefits

Cons: Working abroad is an issue with a 30 day limit on out of country work. 

Some internal systems are out-dated and need a complete overhaul
Advice: Push harder for tool updates. Some visibility into customer info is required in order to be more effective in CEE role
Pros: Perks, pay, work/live balance. They provide everything you need to be successful and allow for remote, flex, or in office work depending on preference

Cons: Bleach Explosive diarrhea Dirty diapers
Advice: None
Pros: Money Flexible hours Didn't have to deal with retail

Cons: Rarely a pure technology play. Best to make sure you're aligned with the core SAP value
Advice: None
Pros: Big company in, almost like several mega-companies in one

Cons: culture pay is not up to industry
Advice: None
Pros: learn how to run a sales cycle exposure to a large network ecosystem

Cons: Boring, not much room to grow
Advice: None
Pros: Nice very nice at times

Cons: Extremely micro managed, a lot of pressure on employees about performance, onboarding is virtual and not the greatest, they should do a boot camp for all new employees prior to entering their role.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, they provide you with everything and beyond what is needed to help you succeed. Everyone is willing to help you no matter what.

Cons: Part of colleagues culture is somehow spoiled by company benfits policy.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to self development on technical, business and softskills.

Cons: assigned projects can be quite weird
Advice: None
Pros: many internal events and opportunities to interact with senior staff

Cons: Support for relocation can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Career growth Great management Care for employees

Cons: Great Salary and good upward mobility
Advice: NA
Pros: SAP is a great place to work

Cons: Pay under the competition and too complex
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment with very good colleagues.

Cons: work at odd hours since teams are global
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work free snacks, meal discount program

Cons: Nothing that I can Recall. Everything was extremely good
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good work environment, Pay and also collaborative team members

Cons: can get overwhelming at times when it comes to dealing with the customers
Advice: None
Pros: great way to work on customer service skills

Cons: lost of traveling and cutomer meeting
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work, good managers

Cons: No cons.Great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work.Mentors are very helpful

Cons: Global company can make for difficult scheduling meetings, but everyone is flexible and makes it work
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, people-focused, great pay and benefits

Cons: Nothing as I could remember
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Working on real productive projects which helps on growing economy

Cons: Global company = can cause delays, bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Work with many great, talented people Products that deliver strong business value Lots of customer references Continuous improvement

Cons: Not very competitive comp, not exciting
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefits, care about employees, good recognition

Cons: Stability, low salaries as for now, big flat payments in area, you need to have a car.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable position, nice office with food and nature around

Cons: Sometimes there is too much work
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of learning and growth opportunities, good benefits, good culture, good people,

Cons: This is a great place to get started as a new graduate. However, after you have gained some experience it is time to move on. 

SAP is miles behind other companies when it comes to pay and other perks. They will pat themselves on the back about all the great things they do hoping you don't realize that other tech companies do those same things far more often, and better. And pay you 50% more.
Advice: Watching all of the technical leaders on a project leave for more money elsewhere is not good for morale.  But it seems like that's the entire operating philosophy in Vancouver -- hire out of school and groom until they leave for greener pastures.
Pros: - stable
- decent pay for new grads
- good people
- nice office (Vancouver)

Cons: As a company still reeling from the side effects of COVID-19, the return to work has been slow but steady. Therefore, the in-office environment is a bit quiet at the current moment.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a strong focus on empowering the employee and opening doors for career advancement. They not only want to see you advance in your career but prosper. In addition to this, they have a strong Early Talent community, which allows colleagues early in their careers the ability to network, learn and develop from senior leaders.
They also offer in-office amenities that promote mental &amp; physical well-being such as a gym, stipend lunch, collaborative and open working spaces and outdoor walking paths.

Cons: Outdated Cloud Technologies Salary not comparable with other product companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Wide product portfolio

Cons: Additional social events could improve dynamic
Advice: None
Pros: development and growth opportunities team culture and dynamic

Cons: Salary is lagging behind (pay raise has been about 3%). You have to transfer internally or keep switching roles if you want a realistic pay bump on the consulting side. Getting promoted especially as consultant is pretty difficult. You have to be on the right team at the right time pretty much.
Advice: Provide more frequent promotions and better career path/options for consultants so that they are not stuck in the same roles for 5-10 years waiting to be recognized.
Pros: SAP is an amazing company to work for. The work life balance especially post pandemic has been fantastic. The benefits (401K, Healthcare, etc.) are top notch. There has been a lot of new products in the pipeline and the technology is evolving. My consulting manager is great and our team has been getting projects constantly.

Cons: Extremely busy schedule at QEC’s Shortage of team members occasionally where other team members are required to cover
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to work from home or in the office Opportunity to change roles within different organizations Plenty of learning and career development opportunities: trainings, fellowships, job shadowings

Cons: Below par managers Clueless mid-management
Advice: Focus on - getting resourceful managers - keeping an eye on groupism based on ethnicity and language
Pros: Work life balance Good pay Good employee benefits

Cons: benefit structure could be more competitive when compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great leadership + management

Cons: It can be hard to know who is on your team/who is in charge, likely because it Is such a big company. Policy on certain things changes like night/day. The company won't offer you a new role you have to go find it, they don't like people switch from team to team. If you don't ask for work you'll be bored to tears.
Advice: None
Pros: Despite being a massive company, the people at SAP do their best to make you feel important and valuable. Very understanding and supportive, really lets you move at your own pace. One of the few places that doesn't force you out of confront zone.

Cons: Lower Salary, Portfolio planning &amp; overlaps
Advice: Communicate strategy more often from Business unit down to team level every quarter, to improve employee engagement/motivation
Pros: Great culture - a place which which will very soon make you feel you are at home.

Cons: Loses its way due to bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Great Direction set by the Founder

Cons: It can feel a little slow
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: Large company with many layers of mgt.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture with great benefits

Cons: Travel can get to be a lot in some roles but the company does everything it can to make it acceptable.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of flexibility. Endless opportunity.

Cons: Low pay tons of work
Advice: SAP is at the same tier of WITCH company
Pros: There is nothing good about this company

Cons: Its a huge company and a lot of projects going on and everyone is busy so getting help can be difficult.
Advice: I think there could be a better program for beginner project managers
Pros: Get to work on real projects and work cross functionally with all areas.

Cons: benefit is not as good as these top software companies in bay area.
Advice: Look out for the latest IT trend
Pros: workload is good, great team to work with.

Cons: Salary is sub-par and you can easily get better pay by switching the job
Advice: None
Pros: You will not get a better work-life in the US. Great benefits that can beat some of the MAANG companies.

Cons: Salaries are not up to market standards
Advice: None
Pros: Explore new technologies Scope for innovation Friendly environment

Cons: Some of the typical corporate bureaucracy and politics, but not as much as thought
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach an ecosystem of peers and partners with virtually anything you need to perform your job.

Cons: Under transformation from On Prem to Cloud and in process of updating internal operating systems.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for and ability to explore different career opportunities

Cons: Unable to determine clear mission
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and time off.

Cons: Pay is okay, not great. YoY growth was around 2%.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, teams are tight-knit

Cons: Too many changes Need to be more focused on Cloud offerings
Advice: None
Pros: Great stable company long term outlook

Cons: - Not a clear growth in career - Big corporate struggles
Advice: None
Pros: - Good People - Control over hours

Cons: Fast-paced (which can be both good and bad!)
Advice: None
Pros: Embraced Flex Work Lots of change that provides opportunity Global experiences Great people

Cons: Lack of projects and extra
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and working environment

Cons: traveling, work life balances and lack direct mgmt feedback
Advice: None
Pros: breadth of technology and customer facing

Cons: Nothing bad to say.I wish was not too cold in the office:)
Advice: None
Pros: The company is great, the place and co-workers are wonderful and talented people.

Cons: There is nothing to share concerning this topic.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a mature company With big responsibility in the market actuating in the big companies.

Cons: Poor technology, they riffed there old people using creative spreadsheet analysis
Advice: None
Pros: I have good friends there

Cons: A focus on incremental improvements over innovation.
Lack of flexibility
Lack of effort to identify customer problems.
A culture of mercenaries instead of missionaries.
Advice: Focus on solving customer problems rather than functionality
use an outside-in product development process
Allow for ideations to be sourced outside of management.
Allow for disagreement (it's a good thing).
Pros: Pretty reasonable work-life balance.
401k and own SAP stock options are nice.
Working to be more inclusive.

Cons: very matrixed organization - hard to know who to talk to.
Advice: None
Pros: company has made the move to be cloud native - and restructuring in a good way

Cons: SAP has a zero accountability culture particularly for their managers. In the more than 12 years I have worked for SAP I have watched many managers who are incompetent or barely competent continue to get promoted or remain in their position with no consequence for their behavior or lack of skill. Their hiring process is so filled with nepotism that the only way to change jobs is to be friends first with the hiring manager. HR does nothing to stop these practices and does not care that qualified internal candidates are being overlooked and dismissed due to the inherent "friends and family" hiring practices. They do not pay people well and offer very little in compensation for raises unless you work in sales. They will push any raise you get into your bonus to avoid paying you more money in your base salary. They have very old school hierarchical approaches to everything and fight against change that could be innovative and beneficial unless it comes from someone they are friends with or aligned politically with. It's a very political organization which does a great job of pretending they care about diversity and inclusion but they demonstrate that they do not through hiring and promoting people who are unqualified for their roles while overlooking people internally who are qualified. Their internal systems are inefficient and there is continual duplication of work due to poor planning and communication practices. It's the most uninspiring, tedious organization I have ever worked for outside of the US government. The most egregious thing they do is create unnecessary obstacles to getting work done through processes that are ineffective and cumbersome, which are continually changing without notice or information. Beyond all of that, the other incredibly harmful cultural norm they have is to NEVER have a discussion about resources beyond headcount. There is no discussion of whether we have enough resources to get work done just the expectation that if you are told this needs to be done you will find a way to add it to your already overwhelming work schedule. This leads to mediocre work that has no real impact on the organization or work that creates no real contribution because no one took the time to create a realistic resource-driven project that holds up to reasonable scrutiny.
Advice: If management truly wants to elevate the company to a more competitive level they need to be held accountable for their own poor behavior and lack of skill.  Promoting people because you like them or because they are a good individual contributor does not make them a good manager.  De-politicize SAP.  Hiring more people who are your friends does not create an innovative company and only demonstrates that your managers are threatened by anyone who may have a higher level of skill than they do.
Pros: SAP has decent benefits in alignment with other companies of their size and industry. They have many workshops and opportunities for learning.

Cons: Internal systems can really be a challenge.  Organization can be bureaucratic and political.  SAP is famous for having 'many layers of middle management'.
Advice: None
Pros: Great, collaborative culture.  Encourage learning. High expectations for you to perform and to thrive but you are supported and are given room to grow.

Cons: Lateral moves and growth is not very good unless you have good connections.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work if working for in good teams.

Cons: Not a market leader in salary, decent pay though
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Good company with decent benefits

Cons: haven't encountered any so far
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance good team environment

Cons: Never had any issues while working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Amazing culture.

Cons: Do not have any cons it is an amazing company
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Company culture Pay Supportive management

Cons: Unless you like to reach out, it can be hard to figure things out on your own.
Advice: None
Pros: Most tenured employee are very Professional. Depending on your pod, Team focus is very well highlighted while personal growth are encouraged.

Cons: High prices on contracts being coosed
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: I really don't have any cons
Advice: Creating an open and safe space where employees are cared about and treated as human beings, actually pushes people to be more efficient in their job.
Pros: This company offers help wherever needed. Whether you need help with work assignments or work life balance. SAP has created a safe work place for employees to share their thoughts and feelings.

Cons: all things are positive currently.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits options for families!

Cons: Fast-paced (which can be both good and bad!)
Advice: None
Pros: Embraced Flex Work Lots of change that provides opportunity Global experiences Great people

Cons: Not as many clear opportunities for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great job and exposure to executives and customers

Cons: None it’s a great company and great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and growth.

Cons: Internal processes are impossible to navigate and get things done. Execs are not aligned with middle management and the needs of the field.
Advice: Listen to and value the people on the front line
Pros: The people (peers)are amazing and try to help you.

Cons: No real cons. It’s what you make of your opportunities
Advice: I’m
Pros: Breadth and scale of exposure to customers

Cons: I found no cons in SAP
Advice: None
Pros: very good company with good salary

Cons: Large org to navigate; can be challenging
Advice: Keep up the transparency and focus on success
Pros: Lots of opportunities to contribute

Cons: well, the amount of emails is crazy
Advice: None
Pros: well work from home is always good

Cons: Some employees may seem work hard, but did not have any real contribution.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, nice people, benefits are good/okay.

Cons: pay is not too competitive, long growth periods
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, nice office perks, respected role within the company

Cons: Outside Germany - less control and decision making capacity!
Advice: None
Pros: if you are under good management, work/life balance is good, money probably not. Type of work depends on which part of the company you are.

Cons: Salary should be better and competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Was a pretty great run

Cons: Still has monolith and is not getting rid of it
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance and benefits

Cons: Sometimes harder to advance in your career - it takes time, there are more than 100.000 people and many great candidates for open roles, just like you.
Could be more innovative - technology and improvements implementation and adoption take a lot of time, no idea why.
Strong works councils that slow down decision making and progress sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of learning and development opportunities, internal coaches and mentors network.
Clear and transparent strategy and organizational goals.
Great global benefits and opportunities for everyone.
Focus on diversity and inclusion, flexible work, future readiness, upskilling internal employees based on our aspirations and needs.
Focus on sustainability, health and mindfulness.
Offers flexibility for parents and those who need to care for others.
Makes real impact on people´s lives.
Implementing new work, agile approaches.
Very open for feedback from employees.

Cons: Their 401k plan is good but not great. Would like to see a little higher match.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers great benefits. Particularly their time off and sick policy for newer employees.

Cons: Hard to get visa sponsorship to move to other countries
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, salary, culture, work-life balance

Cons: SAP prefers to put people in manager roles based on relationship, when many of those people have no manager experience. Meanwhile there are many people seeking promotion, have high performance, and previous manager experience and are somehow not considered. This is not how a successful, leader based company operates.
Advice: Look at the skills, experience and accomplishments on your teams for growth potential (past performance best predictor of future performance) before putting your buddy in a role and making teams miserable.
Pros: Kind people
Good Benefits
Vacation policy
WLB

Cons: Large size also comes with bureaucracy. Sometimes like an aircraft carrier that changes direction slowly.
Advice: None
Pros: Treats employees fairly. Many diverse learning and career opportunities. Many great talented colleagues.

Cons: You can sometimes feel lost at sea.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity and enjoyed my time there.

Cons: Management disconnected from working level resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, decent work life balance

Cons: Slow moving and sometimes slow for changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly workspace with relatively ok wlb.

Cons: Pay needs to be revised
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing place with great work life balance

Cons: Not a growth company
Compensation swings wildly based on company value and market
Slow to adapt
Advice: Control your own budget if at all possible, otherwise don't take a management position.  You will be expected to explain budget decisions made by others
Pros: Stable company with good internal process
Great support for learning
Friendly and open communication

Cons: Very Very Segregated between depts
Advice: None
Pros: A Learners platform to improve on skills.

Cons: Previous co-ceo created a serority and frat house. Excellent sales people with no class.
Advice: Humility, integrity and fairness.  Practice giving people worthy of opportunity to rise.   
A few years ago, co-CEO was giving away her shoes to employees and giving opportunities to only people she knew.  

Try to be inclusive to a fault.  I was asked to allow recent MBA graduates to mentor the team.  Instead of fostering good collaboration and team dynamics, SAP mgmt gave graduates the floor.  One woman continued to tout that she graduated from MIT at every mtg.  She had no content depth, writing abilities and soft skills and after a few years, I had never seen a decent deck from her.
Pros: Great compensation. Glad that Christen is the sole CEO.

Cons: There is definitely a lack of women and younger people working in the engineering field at SAP. Also being on a team with people in Europe can be challenging as they take many more vacation days than we receive in the US.
Advice: None
Pros: For someone who recently graduated from university, I'm making a great salary and my management is supportive. I've had great mentoring opportunities.

Cons: Lack of diversity in management Internal talent overlooked for management positions
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture Management support Brand name in the market

Cons: - They are not a pay master
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits -opportunities - Employee friendly - no pressure - amazing process

Cons: There are some growing pains
Advice: None
Pros: The Comp is pretty Good

Cons: can be hard to move up depending on what team you're on
Advice: None
Pros: really good benefits available to all employees

Cons: Package is not on par in the market.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company with work-life balance.

Cons: Constant restructuring and redoing things, just with a new name
Advice: None
Pros: Good salaries, great benefits, flexible worklife

Cons: Challenging tasks can be detrimental.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP prioritizes mental wellness for all of employees.

Cons: Employees are expected to do more to do less. No salary increases in 3 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work from home benefits

Cons: Pay is average at this company
Advice: Understand how difficult it can be for those that are in DNN patches
Pros: It feels like a family there

Cons: Volume and length of subsequent required trainings are difficult to complete within work hours which means working nights and weekends to stay current.
Advice: None
Pros: Very thorough onboarding process. Virtual orientation included a detailed benefits review and comprehensive employee tools training.

Cons: Work is too technical unless you speak programming
Advice: None
Pros: Able to work from home Insurance

Cons: No such found. Everything was phenomenal. I wanted to have higher education in other country which was not supported so had to resign.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, you will fall in love with

Cons: German business culture can be tricky to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Huge work life balance focus

Cons: people management, managers skillset site transport
Advice: None
Pros: culture, people policies ,managers, food

Cons: not good pay though for seniors
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: not good pay though for seniors
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: - Can be slow-moving so will not be a good fit for someone looking to move fast and break things
- Frequent reorgs and organization is fairly siloed in general. Makes lateral transfers outside of your domain as hard as applying externally
Advice: Find ways to identify early talent and nurture them into leadership roles. Make SAP a place where the ambitious want to create change otherwise organizations edge will be lost to competitors and startups
Pros: - Competitive pay and good benefits
- Employee loyalty, they take care of their people 
- Growth opportunities and career advancement available for early-career employees but you have to seek it out yourself and make a case for why you deserve it

Cons: Lack of structure Complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Strong earning potential Plenty of resources Global reach

Cons: Internal politics, high pressure environment
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, good product to sell

Cons: The complexity of everything and anything
Advice: None
Pros: The people I work with are GREAT

Cons: sap sucked fieldglass into the company fold and customer satisfaction declined
Advice: None
Pros: loved the tech and the people

Cons: Stock price down, lots of politics
Advice: Train leadership in the latest standards to get the most of of the workforce and energize people.
Pros: Excellent benefits, flexible WFH policy.

Cons: Lower salary or pay. Too chill.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun atmosphere, Good employees, and relaxed life.

Cons: Very big and hard to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and very diverse

Cons: Executive leadership doesn't articulate the company's vision efficiently and we're losing to the competition
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, travel, people, and growth opportunities

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Employees are treated very well Great team work Nice employees

Cons: No Cons for working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance is good

Cons: Leadership and management is slow
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: very complex and can be simplified
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and life balance are priority

Cons: Leadership is not knowledgeable about their own company or products.
Advice: Hire management with experience
Pros: deals fall on your lap which is cool.

Cons: CEO is not a product oriented leader.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, amazing customers and brand in the enterprise

Cons: None, I loved my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful place to work with even better people

Cons: Lack of meritocracy that sometimes creates difficult environment for advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Progressive company with great brand recognition.

Cons: no response for cons yet
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, and company culture

Cons: 1. Due to the sheer size, internal professional growth prospects are slower compared to the newer tech companies like AWS, GCP
Advice: Keep your focus on innovation and new product development
Pros: 1. Leader in ERP technology development, market and innovations
2. Extremely employee friendly culture - with high emphasis on work life balance
3. Showed extreme empathy and employee centric rules during the pandemic

Cons: Burocracy tends to be higher sometimes because of being a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Team collaboration
Great Environment
Best equipment

Cons: It is a fast paced environment, the pace may be to fast for some people.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP employs some of the best, highly motivated employees. The benefit package is excellent

Cons: Mandate to work in office, not a lot of strategy
Advice: Put some structure in place and understand people don't want to return to the office
Pros: SAP does a lot for the community and has pretty good benefits

Cons: No cons coming to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Sap treats women very well

Cons: Work life balance can get touchy
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, opportunities, support and benefits

Cons: Not a clear direction
Lots of Silos
Not Nimble
Advice: Less Corporate emails
Pros: Flexible Schedule
Employee Stock Purchase
401K Match
Medical &amp; Dental
RSU's

Cons: Lack of transparency btw upper management and employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Open door for movement within company

Cons: If you're on a bad team you're kind of screwed. The company overall has positive reviews but i was on a very toxic team
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and amazing facilities

Cons: Salary could have been better for the amount of work
Advice: None
Pros: Good team work and leave policy

Cons: Too soon to say as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed Work Environment
Good Pay
Great Team Members

Cons: very low salary compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance, great manager

Cons: Passive aggressive culture. 
Too nice sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: I would not comment now

Cons: - If you're not German, kiss your ambitions good-bye. Most executives are German males. Diversity (national, racial, linguistic, any measure) is limited to a junior or senior levels.
- Stifling political games, bosses ask you to spend time "explaining your work" and making fancy decks so that a certain impression is made to executives
- No problem for management/executives to lie or bend the truth to drive their personal agenda forward
- Difficult to grow within the company
Advice: Develop an exit strategy and aim for sale to a larger company that understands and implements good international practices
Pros: - Job security
- Decent benefits
- Workload can be low at times

Cons: Lack of comminacation between management and employee
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent, good, nice culture, good working environment

Cons: SAP is not at all a good company for the new young talent or the people who have high ambitions, who wanted to learn &amp; grow. If you join SAP at early stage, you will not be able to enhance your career and limit your potential. I would suggest to join other companies who give you challenge in the beginning of your career and later join SAP once you want to settle down and just retire from SAP.
Advice: Provide the right salary and promote the right candidate based on work and not based on personal relationship.
Pros: SAP have great cultural values. SAP is a company from where you would like to retire, a very good work-life balance. Join SAP, relax work life. It is very good company for average skillsets people who do not want to work too much and enjoy the life.

Cons: No cons for me as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits
Good Pay
Room to Grow

Cons: What used to be a beloved company now has very little regard for employee empowerment. Everyone is unhappy.
Advice: Please unseat Christian Klein as CEO. He is destroying the legacy and culture of our company.
Pros: Colleagues at the team level are intelligent, collaborative, generous.

Cons: Pay, constant changes, female senior leadership nonexistent
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of work from home

Cons: Large company - easy to get lost.  Pay structure doesn't reward formal education in the way that a GS scale does.  The best way to advance is through an LOB vertical - cross training doesn't usually foster promotions and advancement.
Advice: More transparency on salaries.  Value and pay for work experience.  A new graduate out of college 2 years should not earn more than someone with 13 years at the company and 20 years industry experience.  Sometimes pay needs to be adjusted because it's the right thing to do.
Pros: Large company - lots of room to grow including internationally

Cons: Unprofessional organization, they treat you with no respect. There’s no accountability. Very racist. Stay away from this place if you want to add value to your career.
Advice: Respect the people you hire. They are humans too!
Pros: None to even write here

Cons: Slow German culture may conflict with US values
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance for younger and older professionals alike

Cons: Lower than average pay compared to industry
Advice: None
Pros: Company Culture, Work Life Balance, Perks

Cons: - many organizational changes which causes priorities to shift
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits
- lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Hectic work schedule and travel
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work and I like the diversity

Cons: Going through some changes to better integrate companies
Advice: I keep investing in early talent programs
Pros: The people create such an amazing culture!

Cons: No such Cons for SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Balance and Innovative Solutions

Cons: Product roadmaps are slow moving - feels like we're not innovating as fast as our competitors.
Advice: None
Pros: Large enough to weather a storm. Very professional and reasonable managers. Ability to impact customer success.

Cons: Endless transformation, too many leadership changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great benefits, flexible work

Cons: - move towards more shared services means getting anything done is getting harder and harder
- legacy on prem mindset is deeply embedded with some which is making cloud shift more difficult 
- It’s nearly impossible to be fired here so there is deadweight in a lot of key roles
Advice: Get away from trying to shift all sales operations to offshore shared services. It may appear to look good on the bottom line but it’s hurting top line more than it’s helping bottom line
Pros: - Company takes very good care of its employees
- Co-workers are all tremendous
- Leadership is engaged and always willing to help; don’t get a feel of “I’m too important” like at other large companies…even NA president is highly approachable so this attitude comes from the top
- company is pivoting in right direction

Cons: Not very competitive pay as compared to other FAANGs
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB and perks and culture

Cons: Depending on the role, at some points, the work can be a little overwhelming but it's really all how well you manage it and communicate your needs, set boundaries, etc. Overall, very manageable.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible growth opportunity, pay and benefits are highly competitive, management is responsible and trustworthy to make the right decisions for its people, the culture is work hard play hard, and there is a wonderful feedback and learning culture so everyone has ample opportunity to excel and be the best version of themselves

Cons: Such a large organization that exposure do different LOBs is difficult to navigate and communicate with.
Advice: Ensure that all product lines have seamless integration.
Pros: Great pay, Great benefits, Management that Cares about your growth.

Cons: We're a large organization.  With this, it can be challenging to know what each part of the organization does on a daily basis.  This can really be more of a "pro" than a "con."  But those who need to see the whole organization will find this challenging.
Advice: We have top talent in all parts of the organization.  To keep top talent happy (and staying at SAP), keep on encouraging professional growth and development at all levels.
Pros: SAP is very in-touch with the reality of today's workforce.  Many employees have a variety of needs - SAP helps connect employees to those needs.  Based on my assignment, I have the privilege to work from home - and can move anywhere in the world that I choose.  I also have benefits that meet my family's needs.  My manager is great - and we always connect at least 2-3 times per week to check-in.

Cons: Low profit sharing compared to other bay area companies
Advice: Match compensation with location
Pros: Super flexible
Good bonus plan and benefits

Cons: Nothing that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours free food free perks

Cons: Too slow, very hard to move horizontally, Germanmentality based company
Advice: None
Pros: Large, stable, employee carrying, nice reference, large partner ecosystem

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible work flex program
Great team
Many opportunities

Cons: Keeping up with inflation; Competing with competitive offers
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity and Inclusion; Health and Well-Being; Career Growth

Cons: A little old fashion and not so welcoming to change
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, many growth opportunities and care for employees

Cons: very low salary compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance, great manager

Cons: Navigating the internal matrix and all of the various contacts/business units
Advice: None
Pros: Large deal &amp; commission opportunities

Cons: -Some systems and processes are not the best. Take more of your time.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility
-Opportunity for growth
-Supportive leadership
-Work with awesome accounts

Cons: Too many non technical process interfering with the technical work.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, Stable business model

Cons: The compliance overhead is exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: The company does a lot for employees in their programs, dni, etc...

Cons: Upward communication mechanisms not always engaged for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for social community involvement and activism are abundant and genuine.

Cons: Lack of human connection due to large office space
Advice: None
Pros: -Global environment; - innovative; - collaborative work

Cons: Salary in Brazil could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work with and great product innovation

Cons: Organization moves slowly at times
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive of life work balance

Cons: Compensation is below market standards
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and culture

Cons: Slow to get promotion and raises. Workload and responsibilities have increased during my time here but my pay is stagnant. With high inflation, I hope the Board would assess comp as a priority for 2022 to retain good talent.
Advice: People survey this year has been open and honest. Please read all comments and scores and dive deep into teams and create action plan to improve.
Pros: Flexible work schedule. I love working with the cross teams. Global colleagues are very nice and supportive. Level 1 leadership is long tenured and they know the ins and outs of the company.

Cons: Benefits needs to be looked upon
Attrition
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture right from the top
Values and missions resonate well
Opportunities to take more responsibility and advance
Diverse and open collaboration

Cons: Nothing truly comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: Weak PMO team, light on project planning and tracking.
Advice: None
Pros: Well funded IT department, good company to work for.

Cons: An old school company need new technology.
Advice: None
Pros: A good work life balance

Cons: Requires travel, not a con to me but can be to others if you don’t like to travel during the week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, nice people, good pay

Cons: If you start with a low salary (I started as a student), getting a higher pay will be difficult. I´ve seen new hires consistently get paid more than me.
Advice: Improve compensation
Pros: Amazing benefits, great teamwork, global companny

Cons: Decisions are driven from Germany. Slow pace of change and tons of process and bureaucracy in trying to get decisions made. Very white-man dominated company.
Advice: None
Pros: People-oriented culture, massive enterprise with lots of opportunity to do different things and build a long career. Treats their employees well considering how large it is, and the complexity of the organization. Great work life balance with the ability to essentially work from anywhere.

Cons: difficult to advance and find mentors.
Advice: None
Pros: wonderful benefits, especially for reproductive health.

Cons: Old stack, no progress or career growth
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance overall

Cons: Work life balance a bit hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and team spirit

Cons: There really is an ever-changing strategy and there's almost never a clear direction. The company doesn't invest in services so those don't get sold and they'd rather send services to partners.
Advice: Take care of your own services employees before being overly concerned about the employees at partner organizations.
Pros: Everyone wants to do a great job and moat folks are kind and supportive.

Cons: lack of progression within certain orgs
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: Low pay and start-up environment
Advice: None
Pros: Small team working fully remotely

Cons: SAP is a large company, so it has its politics and bureaucratic problems.
Advice: None
Pros: Even before COVID, I was able to WFH on a full time basis.

Cons: sales driven culture which does not always put employees first
Advice: more female leaders
Pros: Flexible working locations / work from home options

Cons: 1. Salary a bit less
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Best HR policies in the world
2. Best Work Life balance in the world

Cons: Some processes can be slow. Comp could be bettwr
Advice: Innovate faster and break down silos
Pros: Good benefits, good work life balance

Good place to work

Cons: SAP is a good company, but the salaries are lower then they should be. Also, it would be more attractive to provide its EEs with unlimited contract...
Advice: Motivate your own employees to stay. You pay your experienced people less than you offer to the new hires, this is not fair and not at all motivating to stay.
Also, offer more unlimited contracts, especially in HR.
Pros: trainings,
benefits, 
well-organized
Possibility of prevalent Home office

Cons: Some departments can be highly political
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, work life, care about people

Cons: big company, so it can be a rat race
Advice: None
Pros: if you work hard youll be rewarded

Cons: Process heavy and something’s take too long to progress.
Advice: Let new programs fully back before shifting gears on the same initiative
Pros: It’s all about the people, very smart caring and committed professionals. Management cares and are constantly evaluating how to get better.

Cons: IT rules the roost in terms of internal data management and applications. Things can change so fast the changes are hard to keep
Up with, especially if your manager cannot translate or are not in the loop.
Advice: None
Pros: Most colleagues and managers are decent human beings. Understaffing tends to be an issue with internal operations. External facing roles tend to be well
Staffed.

Cons: - very stable processes so less challenges
- Internal conflicts are more than customer issues
Advice: Internal teams must come forward to help each other instead of blaming or pointing the finger on each other
Pros: - work life balance
- company perks and facilities
- employee centric

Cons: Organic growth is not very well defined
Advice: None
Pros: Company values and how it treats employees. The work culture is excellent and I have had a great working environment through out the 15 years.

Cons: US side is carrying German culture, make it easy for those doesn't perform...
Advice: None
Pros: stable job there it it

Cons: Work life balance can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive company environment to work in

Cons: A bit far from home
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: Complex organization
Too many lines of businesses
Advice: None
Pros: Puts people first
Innovative company

Cons: The company is built for employees who are achievers, but the junior people who lack organizational skills are creating quite a lot of problems to deal with.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment.
Highly skilled personnel.
Extra benefits for people who achieve their KPIs

Cons: The work pace would be faster.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team and supportive culture.

Cons: There are no real negatives
Advice: None
Pros: Pay well
Great teamwork
Remote

Cons: If you're part of an acquisition, you may find it difficult to get acclimated to SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall benefits are really good

Cons: there isn't enough black/ POC in leadership. Can get lost in your career because its such a huge company.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, Free lunch, Gym and the opportunity to travel thew world. Very flexible workforce and offers a lot of opportunities to grow

Cons: Feels the management is slow sometimes
Advice: Streamlining the process
Pros: Good work life balance. Good bonus

Cons: Penalized for sticking around when it comes to raises and promotions
Advancements depend on tenure, not work meaningful work
Low pay compared to market for early talent across the board, makes it hard to advance long term
Advice: None
Pros: Great company that cares about employees

Cons: Cant think of any at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: great work culture, supportive environment

Cons: Big company without much growth potential within the organization. Employee recognition is mostly focused on software sales roles.
Advice: Recognize work done by service delivery consulting roles, since it currently focuses too much on software sales. The few employees that are recognized from the services organization are usually the same each year, giving little opportunities to others.
Pros: Great company that cares about its employees. Excellent benefits. Very bright and hard-working people focused on delivering the best solutions with very high standards, so a lot to learn from. Working for the market leader really empowers you and opens up a world of possibilities.

Cons: Culture sucks. Sales tools, environment is just awful. You won't believe how bad it is till you get in.
Advice: Kill Harmony (internal CRM) and invest in tools.  Make territories equitable to improve retention.  ONly a few favorites keep making bank every year...rest are revolving door
Pros: When you exceed your number, you can make bank! I mean the accelerators are best in the industry.

Cons: Average salary. Innovations take back seat.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Challenging work.

Cons: Old technologies, any introduction of newer tech/methodologies will be given to new hires/contractors who implement them. Don't expect to grow your technical experience here, as work is highly siloed
Advice: More opportunity within teams without leaving
Pros: Relatively laid back culture, decent work life balance

Cons: Growth can be slow at times.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a good company with good aaaWLB

Cons: more salary. learn more thing.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, many vancations

Cons: Not all internships end in conversion to FT. Make sure you network or else converting won’t be easy
Advice: Management should have a better understanding of the iXp program and how they can help interns convert to FT
Pros: Great salary, amazing opportunities with the internship program (outside of your team). Really good networking

Cons: - The product isn't great. Clients are often underwhelmed or downright angry
- Not enough structure on the teams. Architects end up shouldering most of the implementation burden
- Not enough engineers. Bugs are simply not fixed in time because there aren't enough human brains assigned to tackle them.
Advice: Do what you can to influence the expansion of the engineering team so that the consultants can have a better product to give a better experience to the clients.
Pros: - Very little micromanaging
- Management believes in and trusts the employees
- Compensation, while low nationally, is okay for Birmingham

Cons: -It is difficult to maintain work life balance. Often find myself starting work at 7am and finishing at 9pm
-Pressure is high to deliver on your #
-Internal admin processes are very painful
Advice: None
Pros: -The opportunity to work with some great clients
-Path for growth
-A very diverse technology suite to present in sales cycles
-Tons of training and enablement

Cons: Work can be very busy depending on the services you are assigned to.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone one is extremely nice and you are never left without any support. There is always someone to reach out to. People are very helpful.

Cons: slightly below average pay
partners suck
promotions are all about how much butt munching you do
Advice: if you get a good one, you'll go far.
If you get a bad one, you'll stay in the same place forever.
Pros: Good Work-life balance
Great Benefits
mostly nice people

Cons: Normal corporate BS that everyone experiences at any large company
Advice: None
Pros: The people, culture,  flex work, benefits

Cons: no concerns in the project
Advice: None
Pros: worked as a Plsql developer

Cons: Right now great external candidates can't join team
Advice: None
Pros: This company supports the employees

Cons: Salary , office is cold during the winter
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, challenging,amazing people and atmosphere

Cons: Very slow environment and didn’t stimulate me intellectually
Advice: None
Pros: Learnt a lot with supportive colleagues

Cons: Chaotic - the CEO is on more or less equal footing with other board members.
Poor leadership - Too often mediocrity rises to the top.
Slow moving
Unaddressed D&amp;I issues
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people
Network with people all over the world
Benefits

Cons: Sr Leadership is not trust worthy, they are condescending and do everything in their power to oppress women. Women (especially American women) hit an instant glass ceiling upon being hired.
Advice: Take some ownership in learning diverse business cultures, and stop expecting everyone to conform to the German culture. In addition, it’s time to rise with the times and treat women with more dignity and respect
Pros: Work flex, pay and benefits

Cons: pay is not as per market
Advice: None
Pros: awesome place to work.
culture is relaxed

Cons: - Frequent restructuring in the roles and leadership.
- Some teams work in silos and compete within SAP
- Too many solutions or products of similar business applications.
Advice: None
Pros: - Good opportunities to grow and learn.
- CEO and local leadership has clear vision 
- Good compensation and reward plans
- 401K, Share purchase plans etc.
- Flexibility, Work-life balance.

Cons: Salary could be better in comparison to other major tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. No micromanagement. Good work is always appreciated. Unlike some other companies, SAP celebrates what you can bring to the table, not pinpoint on your personal shortcomings. As they say "Bring Everything You Are, Become Everything You Want".

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment
Good work life balance

Cons: Many companies now offer 3-4 months of may leave… 6 weeks is not enough but that’s a US problem
Advice: Please support women and raise maternity leave time to 3 months (12 weeks)
Pros: .offers mat / pat leave and to go part time for a month after to transition.

Cons: - not the cleanest onboarding for external hires but they’re working on it!
Advice: Keep building out the management onboarding for external hires and keep being amazing!
Pros: - Very collaborative culture 
- Sales leadership team is MSP is incredible, they’re all focused on making themselves and everyone around them better
- competitive salary and benefits 
- Devoted to diversifying the sales org and providing training and opportunities for people from all industries and backgrounds

Cons: Focusing on long term tech strategy is an area of opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow a career - lots of focus on work life balance

Cons: bureaucracy. very hard to get anything done that is new or innovative
Advice: None
Pros: pay, work/life balance, benefits. lots of longer term employees

Cons: The culture is a bit boring. A lot of technical debts.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly employee, few workload, free parking

Cons: Re-org happens all the time, politics here and there
Advice: less changes, less politics
Pros: Company spends efforts on social responsibilities, work life balance

Cons: SAP is a very political company and many decisions are based on politics
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great culture

Cons: None that I am aware
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, great environment, amazing teams to work for.

Cons: Fiscal year, work on New Years/Christmas.
Advice: Good
Pros: The Pay, fully remote, relevant.

Cons: SAP IS TOO quarterly focused
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers a Decent salary

Cons: Unable to work fully remote
Advice: Allow individuals to decide whether to come back in the office or not.
Pros: Great benefits, job security, and pay

Cons: There are no real negatives
Advice: None
Pros: Pay well
Great teamwork
Remote

Cons: No complaints, pay is good
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good and culture is good

Cons: Some pockets are hard to get out of.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and people are amazing!!!

Cons: I'm stuck on thinking of one Con
Advice: I think management and process in place are spot on
Pros: SAP has a vibrant customer focused culture that rewards employees that perform, and gives them plenty of opportunities

Cons: Choosing senior leaders
Effective communication and transparency
Advice: Choosing good senior leadership
Pros: Team building
Good Pay and Benefits
Corporate Strategy to build Cloud business

Cons: Pay is very less compared to market.
Advice: Increase the pay to retain employees.
Pros: Work culture is amazing. Good people.

Cons: No issues other hq is Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: It's a big company, so anything can take time and seem red-tape ish
Advice: Empower middle management to do what's required
Pros: SAP means what it says when it talks about sustainability and a people first culture. They talk the talk and walk the walk.

Cons: Low salaries and equity.
Low bonus and stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance
Good teams to work with
Good products with CRM exposure

Cons: Can’t think of anything here
Advice: None
Pros: Love everything about SAP - smart people, amazing boss, good benefits

Cons: Does not have the highest salary in industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance can be very easy to achieve. A lot opportunities to work with people around the world.

Cons: SAP is big. It does take time for the great ideas to make it into the marketplace. With 100k employees, it can be difficult for your voice to be heard. However, team and regional leaders make SAP a great place to work.
Advice: Keep up the innovation and make sure to allocate good team resources to bring the ideas to fruition to the marketplace, as quickly as possible.
Pros: I am literally amazed, almost daily, at how experienced and thoughtful the SAP staff is to each other and our customers. There is a fast pace of new ideas at SAP. Leadership is forward thinking and dynamic.

Cons: upper management can get hooked on emerging technologies and try to push for new things that do not necessarily improve our workflows. Worst case scenario, they will completely change out our tools every few years.
Progression can also be slow compared to other companies. People tend to stay in their positions for quite a while, so vacancies will tend to be in other departments. Frankly I consider this to be a plus, but I understand some people dream of climbing the corporate ladder, so I placed it here.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is solid. I live in a relatively expensive neighborhood and I can still save. Bonuses can be huge. 
Work-life balance is solid. You're never penalized for not working overtime. You get sufficient breaks.

Cons: Co-workers often do not follow the work rules and nothing is done about it.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is very friendly and easy to work with.
Benefits are good.

Cons: Closed office in Russia, so sad
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is good no problems

Cons: There is often difficulty in finding pathways to promotion unless you network heavily.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is good and is generally fair. Can be tough to get large increases once in your role, so recommend negotiating if co I got from an external company.

Cons: Lack of diversity, poor leadership and mismanagement at many levels
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities, global experience available

Cons: Needs mastery of multiple business / subject matter aspects which require coaching.
Advice: None
Pros: Advanced subject matter expertise and understanding true essence of optimization in best ERP chains.

Cons: Can be unnecessarily bureaucratic at times.
Advice: Keep focusing on employees.
Pros: Great opportunities for growth. Really cared about social causes.

Cons: Fast-paced and can be challenging to keep up with, management does not communicate clearly and the vision changes often.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of development opportunities and top innovative technologies and methodologies. Work life balance is good, and you will be recognized for your job. The working environment is also good, people are usually respectful and nice.

Cons: better salary, better management, more learning, better structure
Advice: None
Pros: approach to the employee, benefits, vacation, home office, healthy days

Cons: Not always the latest technology and customers may already be licensed for software you are trying to sell.
Advice: None
Pros: Big. Well-known. Thorough review of customer needs.

Cons: Your experience will be directly tied to your manager, good or bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Very socially diverse and accepting

Cons: share options is not offered as a part of salary
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is the best

Cons: Below average salary for tech industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and stock purchase plan

Cons: No innovation. Extremely bloated and slow moving. Lots of bureaucracy
Advice: Materially reduce employee base, encourage innovation, increase decision agilty
Pros: Good WLB, people are nice

Cons: Challenging for upward momentum. Can easily get stuck in a roll or
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of knowledge, great benefits, Great coworkers

Cons: Some lack of own technology adoption.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, forward thinking, eco friendly.

Cons: limited opportunity of career growing
Advice: None
Pros: work life balanced, flex work hour

Cons: nope/don't have any cons &amp; problems
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch/ great place/ good team culture

Cons: No cons after working 16 years in this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about people
Opportunities abound
Involvement in leadership decisions up to 3 levels higher

Cons: SAP leadership team is nepotism city.  They are driving this company into the ground.
Advice: None
Pros: The job is a joke. My side hustle makes almost half my total comp here because my main job here requires so little effort. It’s like adult daycare but better.

Cons: Work can start too early for those not based in Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Intelligent colleagues, continuous learning, supportive senior staff

Cons: Remote work is not ideal
Advice: None
Pros: - great culture
- great pay
-lots of networking opportunities
- set up for success

Cons: Too much beauracracy and poor decision on some leaders
Advice: Make sure you choose wisely on your Leaders.
Pros: Great benefits and flexibility. Love the diversity!

Cons: Pay was way below other large companies. Yearly raises were also minimal.
Advice: None
Pros: The people were very nice.

Cons: - income not as competitive 
- can be slow or too fast depending on team
Advice: be more transparent with general directions
Pros: - usually good coworkers
- work life balance

Cons: No Cons at SAP AFAIK
Advice: saas
Pros: Good Company to work for

Cons: Lots of email communication, too much sometimes so key messages are missed.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very people friendly. They want you to be happy in your job, offices are nice and onsite perks are great! Open door policy is amazing. Communication to C-level is received and responded to. Lots of communication and Execs are very transparent with information. Really values giving back to the community, generous with time off (in addition to 3 weeks vacation to start, + holidays, you get 5 personal days to take whenever you want).

Cons: no cons, the company is just great
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture, amazing people

Cons: SAP is big. It does take time for the great ideas to make it into the marketplace. With 100k employees, it can be difficult for your voice to be heard. However, team and regional leaders make SAP a great place to work.
Advice: Keep up the innovation and make sure to allocate good team resources to bring the ideas to fruition to the marketplace, as quickly as possible.
Pros: I am literally amazed, almost daily, at how experienced and thoughtful the SAP staff is to each other and our customers. There is a fast pace of new ideas at SAP. Leadership is forward thinking and dynamic.

Cons: Frequent account and sales bag shuffling.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/benefits, work life balance, culture, learning and develop opportunities

Cons: No cons as I am fully satisfied with SAP Labs
Advice: None
Pros: Dream of every ABAPer is to work in SAP Labs, I am so fortunate to get to work here for four years. Its a Great place to work.

Cons: Too much unnecessary middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working environment for remote

Cons: Has not been a 'high growth' company in terms of share price in the last few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, investment in employees, leadership and management, opportunity to travel nationally and internationally (before COVID), and work/life balance each come top of mind. I'd consider myself to be a highly satisfied employee, and there are plenty more reasons as to why SAP is consistently ranked as one of the 'Best Places to Work'. Great employer.

Cons: Pay is a little low when you compare it to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company Culture and a great place to work.

Cons: -compensation
-getting promotions can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: -work life balance
-work culture
-free breakfast and lunch

Cons: Too much politics
Some lazy employees are bringing down the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit
Work from home

Cons: Team was constantly at risk of being defunded or dissolved on account of infighting between varying software products and offerings internally.
Advice: None
Pros: Got exposed to a variety of cutting-edge technologies by virtue of the product and team I worked with

Cons: nothing, maybe just higher pay
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, company culture, benefits

Cons: Really large, but small teams allow for great connections
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing product, amazing teammates, inclusive

Cons: Hard to walk away from the pros
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is best I've seen.
Great benefits, especially maternity leave.
Supportive Leadership.

Cons: More politics than most places.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and Benefits
Good Work Life Balance
Well Managed

Cons: Not nimble. Way behind on the transition to the cloud
Advice: None
Pros: Very well organized and structured

Cons: Mundane from time to time, really large company
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good work life balance

Cons: This position was a customer support for account executive. Answering live chats and tickets all day can get overwhelming
Advice: N/a
Pros: Everyone is welcoming , very team oriented.

Cons: so far so good and everything goes well
Advice: None
Pros: very nice colleagues, open and collaborative
great culture, supporting individual growth, impact and contribution
leading technologies to resolve world's largest enterprises' business needs

Cons: - They do not invest on engineer
- They are cheap are budgeting, cut this cut that...
- You should rethink what you are doing..
Advice: You will extinct if you keep having old and incompetent dinasours managemnt.
Pros: At first, WLB then no WLB

Cons: Complex organization with shifting priorities
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to grow and develop internally, sincere interest in well being of employees, hard-working employees

Cons: everything is good as of now
Advice: None
Pros: very good working environment, very supportive

Cons: constant changing of leadership and sporadic tasks
Advice: None
Pros: lots of opportunity and chances to grow and learn

Cons: Can be difficult to get visibility within the organization as employees are spreadout across the world. Need to be fairly independent in driving your own career as you are not likely to have a manager locally. This can be challenging for individuals that are newer in their career.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, diversity &amp; inclusion, flex work, lateral career opportunities

Cons: Work life balance not that great
Advice: None
Pros: Employee benefits
Company reputation 
Quality work

Cons: Pay raise not upto industry standards
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and great culture

Cons: Before quarter-end work load can be quite hectic
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, high annual leave, job security, diverse workforce, flexible working arrangements

Cons: As its a massive company, sometimes timezones get in the way of work
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment with many people working globally

Cons: huge company with a lot of processes. stagnant / very difficult to grow career due to size and stage of company. reasonably good salary, good benefits--esp. remote work policy. losing a lot of talent due to salary increase not keeping up inflation, &amp; little-no stock comp
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance. generally nice and collaborative co-workers. company cares about employees

Cons: Few meaningful decisions, simplistic tasks, and bureaucratic processes weigh down the process of doing unique things with the brand
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours, decent pay, experience in the field, and what it's like to work at a big company

Cons: There is always a lot of change happening within your organization which can make understanding your duties or others difficult at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, benefits of a large company, great comp packages

Cons: There were no real cons to working there
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working there as everyone was very collaborative

Cons: Frequent account and sales bag shuffling.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/benefits, work life balance, culture, learning and develop opportunities

Cons: can be overwhelming at times depending on your role
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work
Happy environment
great benefits
great way development

Cons: None to report. All positive
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Place to Work for a long term

Cons: somewhat ridged culture and "that's how we've always done it here" attitude.
Advice: None
Pros: Market share dominance in several software areas.

Cons: nothing so far haha ha
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment
good work life balance

Cons: You are just a number.
Advice: None
Pros: Benifits are much better than typical.

Cons: Lack of trust in Board leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay, bright people and a lot of opportunity for growth

Cons: Career growth within the company lacking
A lot of talk for PR and lack of follow through for employees
Advice: Direct manager was great, others, not sure how they still have their jobs.
Pros: Has a wonderful work life balance

Cons: Reorg happens 
Salary is ok
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work Culture
Friendly colleagues
Learning opportunities
Exciting projects
Good Medical benefits

Cons: More Reorgs in th eorganization
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company towork with in USA

Cons: Communication is abysmal and employees in U.S. are treated poorly in relation to their German counterparts. Employees in Kiev, India, and China phone it in while U.S. employees who care about the quality of the work but get blamed when software quality is poor.
Advice: Treat the employees doing the real work like the champions they are and stop coddling the employees who phone it in.
Pros: Benefits are outstanding: 401k match, health benefits, yearly bonus.

Cons: monotonous and pretty much no growth
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance and tech stack

Cons: Pay is lower than competitors 
Stock options are lower than competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible 
Lots of PTO
Great benefits

Cons: no negative behavior so far
Advice: None
Pros: Positive work and environmental culture

Cons: Now that we've been bought by SAP, the true decision-making happens in Germany, despite the fact that SAP has historically failed in the Cloud.  The Works Councils have a strangle-hold on the company, so there's little correlation been performance/experience, and professional opportunity.  SAP had layoffs earlier this year, and the determining factor seems to have been whether or not the employee was German:  U.S-based team members almost all got sacked, but our colleagues in Germany held onto their positions, or got transferred within SAP.  Thus, the decision-makers are almost completely insulated from the consequences of bad decisions.  Most of the SuccessFactors employees who were with SuccessFactors when we got bought by SAP, have fled (probably less than 10% remain).
Advice: Lars was right.  The only way SAP will succeed in the Cloud long term is if you keep the Cloud business separate from the legacy on-premise business.  Stop putting the folk who have failed in the Cloud in charge of the folk who have succeeded -- that's a sure fire way of getting us to leave for other companies -- and you paid billions for us.  I'm on Glass Door today because I've finally had enough, and am researching how much I should I ask for in my next job (I've already interviewed with the hiring manager, and am meeting with HR tomorrow).
Pros: There are still a few fantastic employees left from our pre-SAP days, and I love working with them.  The office is also pretty cool, and there's plenty of flexibility in when/whether to physically arrive -- working from home is fine.

Cons: - lack of standardized coding practices
Advice: None
Pros: - great benefits
- cool HQ office

Cons: Compensation growth can be a struggle. Headquarters in Germany can mean a lot of remote leadership.
Advice: Rationalize the compensation to company performance: stock price, operating margin. Merit increase pools are tiny compared to how well the company is doing.
Pros: SAP is doing well while doing good. Socially responsible, making the world a better place. Respectful and diverse workplace.

Cons: No innovation. Bureaucratic processes, like working for big government.
Advice: None
Pros: Kind colleagues. Good work/life balance.

Cons: Management could be more transparent.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, friendly people.

Cons: Board design operates in silos
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation and benefits - flexible work environment. Plenty of room to grow your career

Cons: - Huge room for People to fool around there, with no organization wise support for correction 
- Creative and enthusiastic people easily demolished by those bad figures …
- No much you can really expect as for a major and meanfull change 

-
Advice: None
Pros: - Very stable job
- Good for just staying there..

Cons: - Huge room for People to fool around there, with no organization wise support for correction 
- Creative and enthusiastic people easily demolished by those bad figures …
- No much you can really expect as for a major and meanfull change 

-
Advice: None
Pros: - Very stable job
- Good for just staying there..

Cons: Red Tape, Difficulty improving things due to too many cooks in the kitchen.
Advice: Actually listen to those below and customer feedback.
Pros: Colleagues, Collaboration, Customer Base, Perks, Salary

Cons: Typical challenges you see in large companies - not unique to SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome people, challenging &amp; interesting work, great comp &amp; benefits, flexibility to move around

Cons: Managing change timely due to size
Advice: Continue to challenge the status quo
Pros: Global mindset, experience and maturity

Cons: Very good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Love it here great place

Cons: not much,work life balance,not much
Advice: None
Pros: people, flexibility, benefits,brand, growth prospects

Cons: Lower than average pay here
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance, Good Leadership

Cons: I have zero complaints working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Employees are treated very fairly.

Cons: Many decisions come from committees based in Germany, but they're trying to move towards a more collaborative model.
Advice: None
Pros: Fairly stable work environment, I guess.

Cons: Pay is not that great
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is good, Teammates are nice

Cons: None at all this is the best
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and a great place to work

Cons: Sometimes there is a lack of focus to get things done!
Advice: None
Pros: Love the people on my team and have had great managers!

Cons: Onboarding at SAP is heavy.
Advice: Internal processes at SAP are the single biggest time waster.
Pros: Great long term culture. Great people. Lots of career growth. Well compensated.

Cons: Compensation is not that great
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Good company to work with

Cons: None it was a good place.
best for first timer
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has great worklife. Agile development and always in pace. its a great place to work

Cons: Compensation is does not keep up with the rest of the market, but there are some other great benefits. YMMV in regard to them making up for compensation. Lots of senior management leaving the company recently.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot's to learn that can be applied at lots of employers.

Cons: Compensation is not at par with the industry.
Advice: Reconsider bumping up the base pay.
Pros: Collegial environment that supports learning and personal growth.

Cons: Could see improvement in competitive salary.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great culture and values their employees.

Cons: There aren’t many cons working here
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: none come to mind at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, pay, equity programs, flexibility, programs

Cons: For sales people base to compensation ratio is 5:5
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn about both On-Premises and Cloud Solution

Cons: Big company. Big offices. A lot of hybrid too.
Advice: Be very quick in buying small comapnies in radar.
Pros: Great environment and people. Love it.

Cons: Cutting edge products are made to work with exsisting SAP customers
Advice: Too much top down managing
Pros: Good products - lots of references and support team

Cons: Political at times, big company internal processes can be slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, people, career growth, culture

Cons: Overall Compensation is less than what other tech companies offering in the US market
Advice: Review the overall compensation like other tech companies to retain the talent workforce.
Pros: Good Work Life Balance
Cool Management and nice team work

Cons: Slow growth -- takes a while to move up
Lack of communication within teams
Lack of camaraderie &amp; company culture
Puts emphasis on stock options and not salary/raises
Not a lot of women
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits (Healthcare, 401k Match, Equity)
Fair salary
Good work/life balance
Flexible working environment

Cons: -D&amp;I
-comp
-hard to change something
Advice: None
Pros: - overall good employer
-overall good benefits

Cons: lack of leadership and no strategy
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and knowledgeable peers

Cons: Limited opportunities for advancement if you are not considered early talent
Advice: None
Pros: There is good work life balance

Cons: Pay is low and not match to the inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Job security is good and work culture

Cons: There is constant change in leaders and positions and it is extremely hard to keep track of. Career paths are also not very clear in some departments.
Advice: None
Pros: The people at the company are great and wonderful colleagues to have. Most are team players and willing to help if a need arises. The benefits are also very good.

Cons: Sometimes, meeting could sneak overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Great team culture and great office environment

Cons: Big companies can be slow to do anything
Advice: None
Pros: They genuinely focus on Sustainability

Cons: Not much of work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Learning new technologies and platforms

Cons: areas of management stricken with corporate nepotism / this is familiarity bias at work
Advice: Review bias in career movements.
Pros: Progressive inclusive company with great core values

Cons: There were benefits for some regions more than others
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, professionalism, organized, culture and employees

Cons: I don't see any con
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture , multitude of opportunities for growth

Cons: Heavy internal politics and inadequate management of consultants.
Advice: Promoting the best consultant into a Practice Manager frequently creates management issues unless the individual has had significant experience in mid-management positions/
Pros: Great community. Great projects. Depends on timing coming off the bench or transitioning to a new project.

Cons: Depending on what modules you are an expert on, demand can be very cyclical.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, walk the talk on diversity and respect for others, especially GLBT.
Good at looking at the long term picture and keeping expertise on the bench in leaner times if work is ahead in the pipeline.

Cons: Team is too big and sometimes you wait too long for decision to be made.
Advice: None
Pros: Very driven working environment, open communication

Cons: Transitioning to cloud is still catching up.
Advice: None
Pros: Work load balance is good!

Cons: hard to think of any
Advice: Continue to listen to customers and employees as you continue to improve and drive value
Pros: Strong leadership, flexibility, and ability to leverage industry knowledge to drive value in the sales cycle

Cons: Need more cross org interactions, beyond work meetings, to bridge company's scale
Advice: Bridge hierarchical silos - knowledge and important insights may not cascade up fast enough
Pros: Good work/life balance
People generally enjoy working together
Interesting work

Cons: Some competitors do pay more
Advice: Keep continuing the great transparency  for the business
Pros: SAP offers good compensation packages including base pay, bonuses, and stock. Great leadership in all areas of the business.

Cons: - Sometimes hard being a marketer inside a sales organization
- Still work to be done on getting tools and processes where they need to be
Advice: I love this team and I love Concur. I can’t think of a better place to be as a growing marketer and professional.

Keep moving the SMN organization in the direction it is going. I’ve been on the SMN Marketing team 2+ years, and in the last 1 year we have seen a lot of very positive growth and change. Changes that needed to be made.

For those of us that have been on the team for a while, it is refreshing to see where we are today. And my historical understanding of how and why we made past decisions is more valuable than ever before. I’m also being given opportunities that never existed for me before - like building a business strategy and presenting business results to stakeholders.

Many new team members and new leaders that are bringing great ideas. My boss is one of them - and is the best!

I am happy to see that we are embracing team diversity in the form of culture, backgrounds and skill sets as we hire. This has been a good thing for SMN and is a good influence on overall Concur culture. This is easy to see in the revived team atmosphere and great business results. 

I’ve appreciated the additional investment in communication & transparency across the team, and increased investments in career growth. These are areas that had been missing for me.
Pros: - Fun and smart coworkers
- My boss values me and my contributions
- Strong team culture
- Ability to make an impact on the business
- Honest, open work environment
- Clear and transparent communication
- Start up culture

Cons: Though development opportunities are present, networking is important.
Advice: D&amp;I can improve by creating many opportunities for minorities, women, and LGBTQ+ community
Pros: Supportive Environment
Great Pay
Clear Growth Path 
Multiple Opportunities to Develop

Cons: Can be slow at times to finalize decisions which are frustrating to customers. Development of new features is also slow.
Advice: Focus on customer needs, continue to improve enhancement process
Pros: Collaborative, energetic, dynamic, lots to learn and do. Adopted virtual work during pandemic well. Continue to focus on mindfulness and other employee wellness programs

Cons: get lost in crowd
impossible to get anything done
Advice: None
Pros: decent benefits. networking, learning opportunities, big company

Cons: Too many silos and disaggregated systems.
Disconnection during the customer lifecycle.
Advice: Simplify and standardize.
Pros: Good work/Life balance.
Good compensation.
Good benefits.
Excellent co-workers

Cons: slow progression paths and confusing roles
Advice: better integration between the various roles involved in the sales cycle
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: Development process may be cumbersome
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance
Managers are generally very supportive on career growing opportunities

Cons: Many acquisitions and constant change in leadership, this leads to frequent process and strategy changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, great pay, great benefits

Cons: Some sales techniques suggested from the top down do not always work.
Advice: None
Pros: Always someone there to help with the role. Laid back managers. Great training experience

Cons: Focus change for our group
Advice: None
Pros: Highly recommended, great work culture

Cons: Not competitive pay and not a great office
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture, flex work and easy commute

Cons: Need to prioritize hiring early talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company that has a great culture.

Cons: - Leadership - or lack thereof
- Silos everywhere
- Managers who hold grudges
- Most employees are complacent
- Organization changes every three to four months
- Lack of transparency
Advice: Put your values into action
Stop promoting managers who take credit for the work individual contributors did
Take complaints seriously
Pros: Pay is slightly above average 
Benefits are decent
Ability to work remotely

Cons: no real cons at all, maybe consider complex processes
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, learning and colleagues

Cons: salary doesn't keep up with other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: New challenges, time to learn most recent cloud technologies, great colleagues

Cons: Predominately male executive team
Large company with competing priorities
Advice: Minimize executive layers
Improve product integration
Listen to customer facing employees
Pros: Great employees focused on teamwork
Encourages work life balance

Cons: Company is still behind in terms of cloud business
Advice: None
Pros: ample opportunities to learn new things at SAP

Cons: Big
Virtual
Not virtual
Layers
Nothing else
Advice: Keep top performers and stay ahead of the competition.
Pros: Vision
Great co-workers
Innovation 
Culture
Ethical

Cons: No real cons. If you're working on something complex, SAP can be a large organization to navigate at times but everyone is always supportive.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: 1. Great company culture
2. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow
3. Excellent benefit package

Cons: compensation is not so great compare to the average tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, flexible work hours

Cons: top down mentality; very hierarchical; frequently changing priorities; low accountability
Advice: Don't keep adding to the company strategy. The strategy loses meaning and importance.
Pros: nice people; good benefits; culture of learning; attempts at inclusivity

Cons: It is difficult to move up in pay, once you enter the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Most positions are remote and the work life balance is great. Good benefits and quality leadership.

Cons: Restricted relocation policies
Less external client projects
Advice: None
Pros: Good Brand Value
Nice Work Environment
Opportunities to Grow

Cons: Nothing that I can think of. SAP is a top employer
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture
Great Benefits
Flexible Work hours

Cons: Be careful on "where you work" at SAP in sales. Make sure it's part of the broader organization versus the innovative pockets with half baked ideas as SAP will not support you very well. The bulk of SAPs sales are made in big BOMs (Bill of Materials) and if your solution is not established enough - you are all alone with no help nor any support from any areas. This includes a lack of pre sales, implementation, value engineering and executive level support. It will be almost non existent.

The "SAP" Establishment still runs the show there. If you can get into the broader org, you may have a chance with some hard work. If not, there is little to no priority on your success or your team.

The onboarding process is horrific, worst I have ever seen and been in software sales for 10+ years. Remote employees are isolated and building an internal network is near impossible.
Advice: Pay attention to all businesses you invest in, not just HANA. Just because you are SAP, at least for now, does not mean you are better or deserve to win. 
Bill McDemott needs to be "present" as he is the motivating force behind the company. He is not in many areas of SAP except for the core HANA business. This is unsustainable as there are many amazing sales people at the Cloud busineseses who feel isolated and not part of the "country club" - it won't last and your talent will be lost.
Pros: Good company overall with many good people. They do their best to make all feel included but is that genuine or the "PC" way to operate for public relations purposes?

Cons: Prior-CEO's lacked the future .
Advice: Keep the sam CEO/Board Members
Pros: Outstanding Board members and Current CEO , Overall an excellent experience. I learned so much at SAP over the years , Joining SAP was one of the best things I ever did. Excellent culture, work life balance, and opportunity.

Cons: Not too much honestly that I can think of.
Advice: We have so many smart people with great ideas. Sometimes we move too fast and recreate the wheel when it comes to tools we use internally vs. assessing what we have, making it better, and simplifying.
Pros: SAP has no doubt the best company culture. Amazing leaders, employee benefits, career growth, employee experience, and winning mindset.

Cons: Career progression is very difficult.
Advice: Focus on the career progression of employees.
Pros: Good work-life balance and great people.

Cons: Difficult to move up. Very strong cliques in leadership roles. Gotta know someone to move.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture , openness, good diversity globally

Cons: - Slow career advancement
- Hard to effect change
- Lots of leadership turnover
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people
- Flexible WFH
- Strong corporate sense of responsibility
- Interaction with teams around the globe

Cons: SAP did not have unlimited PTO, they should switch to that to be more competitive. They should also have monthly wellness days
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, Benefits, Remote work friendly

Cons: At least in product engineering, SAP’s culture seems to be trending towards expecting the work ethic of a start up with all the bureaucratic red tape of an international software company. This equates to long hours, never ending backlog, and a lot of pressure on engineering. Not saying it’s different at other large software companies, it’s just a cultural shift for SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers competitive benefits, from vacation to 401k. Also, as a large company, there are many opportunities for growth and specialization.

Cons: Unfortunately, the pay is a bit light by Sillicon Valley standards. Career advancement is very slow unless you are located in Germany.
Advice: Need better compensation to keep talented people from leaving.
Pros: The best thing about SAP is the people. I've met more of the nicest people here than at any other company I've worked for.

Cons: In the past, middle and front line managers were not A+ talent but this seems to be improving.    The job is hard....if you are looking for easy big money - this is not the place for you.    Big company means "run simple" is just a tag line - not a reality.  Product mgmt slow to make the changes that really matter to the customer - but getting better.
Advice: New Hire product training for presales is non existent.   You hire people with 5-10 yrs experience in sales/presales and then send them to 101 sales skills / soft skills for a week.    New hires already have this - that is why they were hired.   They need specific PRODUCT training.   Make certain direct managers actually bring value to the people they manage.   There are a few in management that should have never been put in that role.    Management generally does not have the bandwidth to actually support their team on deals. 
Talk is all about getting employee feedback - do this more with your own employees.   Ask the questions that really matter - not just high level ones.
Pros: They are very focused on taking care of their employees.   Top management does a lot of Town Hall Meetings to share vision.   They have a big focus on diversity and giving back to the community.   Great benefits and care a lot about work/life balance and putting family first.   For key product such as Finance &amp; HR - earnings potential is the highest in the industry.

Cons: Big companies move very slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Diversity. Culture.

Cons: -Outdated legacy code
-Most time is spent debugging terrible code than actually doing development
-Outdated tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible schedules
-Work life balance
-Nice perks

Cons: -Outdated legacy code
-Most time is spent debugging terrible code than actually doing development
-Outdated tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible schedules
-Work life balance
-Nice perks

Cons: Some people in other teams, they left very early, which makes me feel not that good.
Advice: None
Pros: Managers, teammates are great people. I was happy when I worked in SAP. My manager cares me and helps me when I am stucked. I learnt a lot of things from them.

Cons: Internal processes are horrible, too focused on the "SAP way"
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with, great products, customer focused.

Cons: No cons for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Stock has underperformed, limited technical jobs in the US
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company, worldwide, fair pay

Cons: Lack of direction for Data Science and Machine Learning roles in some organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Understanding management, Resonable benefits and good work life balance

Cons: Sometimes internal processes can be long and slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, takes care of employees

Cons: Not as competitive compensation of as the market
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities, healthy work environment

Cons: Limited raises annually, hard to climb ladder
Advice: Pay your internal employees competitive salaries to retain talent
Pros: Work life balance, great company

Cons: Level 2 & 3 leadership poorly trained, not qualified. Overcrowded, redundant teams, political. SVP layer of company is a mess.  Vision is clear at the top of the company, but then at the SVP layer that vision is twisted into a departmental, political battleground, a game of thrones.   Stock and other equity options are not great.  Brilliant, tenured, experienced people that bleed for the company are gifted very little stock.  BAD place for young talent (leadership at people managerial level is weak, uncertain about how to lead).   Not unusual to have a new boss every 3-9 months resulting in limited understanding of skill, trust, relationship.
Advice: Spend more time qualifying the SVP's, Stop selecting leadership based on your personal relationship. Loyalty, tenure, and performance does not make for a good people manager.  LISTEN more.  

Spend less time trying to recruit the millennials, and more time hiring strong, experienced leaders.  The young talent will then come to the company and STAY.  Increase the equity package, and reward the great talent that has been with the company for 10 plus years.
Pros: great vision, incredible people, winners that want to make the world a better place.  Great place for young talent.  Office is beautiful, wonderful facilities, free lunch, and many extras that make the work environment wonderful.  The people at SAP are the best, and nearly all would do anything to help.

Cons: It can cause lots of stress
Advice: None
Pros: The money is good Money

Cons: Hard to navigate given how big SAP is.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: No networking maybe due to covid
Advice: Opportunities for building connection between teams
Pros: Seasoned, well experienced people that you can learn more

Cons: Pay may be a bit low compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, awesome benefits, work with a very community based team.

Cons: There were definitely some times where I was working insane hours, but this was not the norm.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall an excellent experience. I learned so much at SAP and might go back someday.

Cons: Lots of pressure to sell
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Slow moving
Political
Large
Not as diverse as they want to be
Non-competitive salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible
Stable
Good people in general
Good culture
Various learning opportunities

Cons: Collaboration can be tricky due to global
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great support, good education opportunities, room for promotions

Cons: - Low salary compared to other tech companies
- Appreciation is only by words and does not reflect in your salary 
- Career growth and getting promotion is very difficult 
- Employee turnover is high
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent work-life balance
- Good benefits (insurance, paid family leave, etc.)
- Nice people

Cons: There are a lot of job roles
Advice: Please retain the top talent.
Pros: The culture is super great.

Cons: No cons. Best place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is the major pro

Cons: Nothing really, the leadership knows what they are doing
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly, lot of opportunities, good RSU or ESPP options

Cons: Many many levels , org chart changing too often
Advice: None
Pros: Looking to help you upskill and move forward

Cons: It is not too bad
Advice: None
Pros: collaborative, open, relaxing, work life balance

Cons: Complex and continual change organizationally. With headquarters in Germany it seems most high-level roles stay there and it’s political.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company that continued to take care of their employees during the pandemic.

Empowering culture, innovative.

Cons: 1. Pay
2. Technology
3. Bureaucracy
4 Slow delivery
Advice: Focus and deliver new innovative products that can actually compete
Pros: 1. Work life balance
2. Company culture
3. Benefits

Cons: Insurance coverage
Salary
Merit/cost of living increases
Advice: Treat your longtime employees as well as your new employees.
Pros: Decent work life balance and vacation allowance

Cons: Work life balance could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Great colleagues

Cons: Sometimes you have to travel alot
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible environment
Work - Life balance

Cons: The work is very monotonous but the great people on the team and the great team culture made the monotonous work more bearable. 
The pay isn't very good especially for the SF Bay Area's cost of living. 
The opportunity to advance in this role is very limited, and the opportunity to learn is very limited. 
SAP has too many hiring freezes or budget freezes- this makes it very difficult for a manager to hire even if he or she has an urgent need to.
Advice: Make it easier for employees to move around within the company. 
Make it easier for managers to hire employees.
Pros: Flexibility
Many employees can choose to work from home from one to three days a week depending on your relationship with your manager. 
Many employees have the flexibility to leave at 3 pm to pick up your kids or do other errands and log back in later in the evening. 
Many people on the team are very friendly and willing to help if you need any. 
If approved by one's manager, some employees could work from remote locations with a lower cost of living and maybe visit the California office once a quarter. 

My manager valued your opinion a fair amount. My manager would ask me frequently what the manager could do to improve the team culture or the general team atmosphere.  My manager would also bring this up in team meetings. 
Management would ask you if you are happy or unhappy an what they can do to help you move to the role you ideally want to be in. 

Other perks
Free lunches provided for full-time employees
company matches 401k up to 5%

Cons: Change without clarity. Execution of change lacking. Transformation fatigue.
Advice: Know where you want to go and let your people know.  Lead.  Communicate.  Be transparent.
Pros: Innovative. Great colleagues. Many different opportunities. Work-life balance. Good Compensation &amp; Benefits.

Cons: Nothing, a good company for the region
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, benefits, structure, colleagues

Cons: - Salaries are not the best
- Very difficult to get promoted or climb in the organization ladder
Advice: None
Pros: - Diversity
- Benefits
- Way wof working

Cons: Less innovation and frequent management changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good and stable growth with great integration among different SAP products

Cons: Lower market salary than other like-minded businesses, but health benefits are competitive and very affordable
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with competitive health benefits

Cons: May not lead to a full time job due to company red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to grow and connect with mentors

Cons: Slow career growth
Lots of siloed parts still
Advice: Improve cross-team collaboration
Pros: Decent pay
Work feels somewhat meaningful

Cons: Relatively slow career progression 
Almost yearly structural changes
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Remote culture
Fast pace environment triggering new challenges and learning opportunities 
People, gentle work environment

Cons: As with any large corporation, the constant change and org flux is tiresome. I miss the small, tech start-up vibe.
Advice: None
Pros: I have a flexible work schedule that allows me to work remotely and still be available for my family. The benefits are wonderful, the best I've had with any place I've worked in the past.

Cons: Low pay for comparable job description/offerings elsewhere.
Advice: More communication and higher pay.
Pros: Decent work life balance. WFH.

Cons: There are not negative aspects
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture, and career opportunities

Cons: Values promoted don’t any longer reflect reality.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and flexibility

Cons: I have no cons to list
Advice: None
Pros: Encouraged to maintain a good work life balance

Cons: Covid vaccines are mandatory for current employees to visit an office, customer site, or attend a company event.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work arrangements, great compensation &amp; benefits, amazing culture, prioritizes diversity &amp; inclusion

Cons: It is a giant company with HQ in Germany. It can feel like decisions take forever.
Advice: None
Pros: Very open communications. Lots of benefits and programs to help employees at work and in life.

Cons: There's a lot of job redundancy and activity for the sake of activity.
Advice: None
Pros: The company genuinely supports a good work/life balance.

Cons: Owned by SAP and processes are passed down that do not always fit the Fieldglass business model.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership supports their people and grows them personally and professionally.

Cons: no cons for this job
Advice: 
Pros: The company compensates their employees very well

Cons: No longer supportive of employees with disabilities, career growth is nearly unattainable, turnover in product development and leadership clearly indicate the organization has lost the best qualities it's ever offered.
Advice: Allow your direct reports to work in a way that allows them to be the most successful and productive as possible.   In support, operations and engineering - align SLAs and stop expecting the world from the most loyal and committed employees there.
Pros: Remote/virtual workspace, flex time, salary and health benefits

Cons: Reorganized and confusion about roles/ responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work and flexible schedules

Cons: Stock price is down a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Harmony balance community compensation travel

Cons: Near impossible to get into managerial positions
Advice: None
Pros: great organization to grow your knowledge base

Cons: None that I can think of honestly
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic company with good benefits, pay, and culture

Cons: Lack of US based Board/L1 Leadership to balance EMEA thought leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for growth, caring family-oriented environment

Cons: 5 reorgs in 5 years. Poor management. Individual contributors are not heard. Managers manage up rather than caring about their staff.
Advice: Listen to the colleagues who actually perform tasks.
Pros: Great benefits, great training opportunities

Cons: the company is too big. too many teams and this causes some overlap
many company wide initiatives and sometimes it is hard to keep up
many changes and reorganizations, but it doesn't lead to job loss.
Advice: None
Pros: Puts employees first.
Flexible work schedule
Great company culture

Cons: More opportunities to grow within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment at the workplace

Cons: not too many innovative projects
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful people
good work life balance

Cons: Large company - 110K+ employees
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility and management are key

Cons: Obtainable but very difficult to hit quota. Constantly making changes which requires you to adapt at a high level.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the market leaders for the products/services they offer.

Cons: Lots of corporate learning &amp; initiatives
Advice: Try to connect more with employees on a personal level
Pros: Unique and diverse work environment
Flexible

Cons: lots of work can interfere with work life balance
Advice: Learn to say no when projects come up, sometimes as great as that project may be there is no bandwidth
Pros: SAP is a great company to work for. Mistakes are really treated as learning opportunities and you are rewarded for good performance.

Cons: Slow moving, won’t grow as much, low compensation
Advice: Listen to employees
Pros: Great wlb, friendly people, big company, lots of support and resources

Cons: Old building Demanding Weekend on call
Advice: None
Pros: People Location Management Benefits Opportunity

Cons: Long hours but it pays off
Advice: None
Pros: Experience at SAP has been fantastic. Hard work is rewarded and in turn grows your career.

Cons: Difficult onboarding and tons of red tape/non-revenue generating activities within the role.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Teams
- Solid Compensation
- Excellent Benefits

Cons: Less pay  
Topical German company
Advice: Good
Pros: Great place to work 
Life work balance

Cons: Below-industry pay and top-heavy management can be tough to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Stable employment and good wlb are big perks here

Cons: It was virtual so not as much networking opportunities were presented
Advice: None
Pros: NA NA NA NA NA

Cons: There is a lack of forward looking strategy for the role
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership. Overall nice people to work with

Cons: rigid and somewhat inflexible, engineer mindset
Advice: path to move forward for employees
Pros: great people, good pay, great purpose

Cons: Long hours, travel can be excessive
Advice: management is sound, staying current with market demands
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, great work

Cons: MRP, ERP and any other 3 letter alphabet soup systems can be like chewing chalk however the amount of sophistication and technology required to get this stuff right add some luster back.  Regarding company size, this can be daunting almost like you need a map.  This makes it difficult to determine the interfaces and moving parts in any strategic effort as there are many stakeholders whos intent has to be gauged and accounted for.  This just means you have to be more astute and organized if you're dealing with senior level work.  I guess this would apply to any large company and SAP being a German company means you must be culturally aware.
Advice: Keep innovating and looking for additional opportunities that complement the core competencies of the company
Pros: Opportunities - tons of them.  Chance to travel and work overseas.  Company is well known, maybe for its legacy systems but it is the 800 lb gorilla.  Working in a 50,000 employee company can be a bit daunting however the converse means plenty of opportunity.  I think it comes down to "think globally, act locally" by this I mean it's who your immediate management chain is that will really make or break the work environment.  Maybe this is obvious but this mitigates the fact the company is so large.  The benefits are also extensive and the company takes care of its performers.  A critical view of any company is how they handle the top 10%.  This may seem elitist but if you don't take care of your top 10%, you will find them elsewhere.  SAP understands this.

Cons: Sink or swim culture
Upper management does not care 
Most, if not all employees are unhappy
Little room for growth
Advice: Listen and pay attention to your employees
Pros: Fast paced environment with lots of different software to support

Cons: * Not any I have come across
Advice: None
Pros: * Work life balance
* Employee Perks &amp; Benefits
* Health Insurance scheme like no other
* Flexible working hours
* Work from anywhere
* Ample Number of Leaves
* Healthy Work Environment
* Mangers taking regular feedback from Employees

Cons: Fortunately for me, there have been no downsides.
Advice: The management here walks the talk and they are committed to diversity and inclusion initiatives company wide which is important.
Pros: Great people, culture, benefits, and opportunities for advancement.

Cons: Absolutely nothing to complain about
Advice: None
Pros: Everything ; no complaints at all

Cons: A little old fashioned in terms of work culture and approach.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
Learning opportunities.

Cons: Management, managers, managers, manager, manager
Advice: None
Pros: Great, benefits, culture,people,job , great

Cons: no significant growth at this place
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work and work life balance

Cons: SPA uses very specific home-grown technologies like ABAP, Hana, Fiori that you cannot leverage your expertise nowhere else..
Advice: None
Pros: Job Security, work life balance

Cons: Red tapes and board mandates..
Competing business priorities.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging opportunities for enterprise software move to cloud.
Great career development opportunities.
Stability.

Cons: There is a collaborative decision making model, which sounds nice, but it's unclear who has what authority because every project is different.  For example, sometimes your boss saying yes doesn't make another team help out when you need them.  And if you didn't contact executive X until too late, then they might not want to help you.    Overall, it's hard to get be on the cutting edge of anything because so many people have to be involved with the decisions.  And little things like budgeting is difficult, you manage your budget offline in Excel because accessing the system isn't always accurate or up to date, it takes 2 weeks to get a purchase order open and over a month to get vendors paid.   I came to SAP through acquisition, and after the merger, I felt my career took a big step backward because half my job was getting all of the little things in line to get something complete.
Advice: Please encourage better engagement between sales and marketing.  Marketing wants to help sales but often is kept at arms length, this needs to be at the executive, middle management, and individual contributor level.  All marketing projects should have sales input, or more ideally customer input.  It's a big organization, but marketing can't do their jobs from an ivory tower.
Pros: Nice perks, like a cafeterias at the big offices.  Also on-site gym & dry cleaning available.  Relatively easy to work from home when necessary since communications are often via email and conference calls.

Cons: I am in Sales at SAP. Sitting here on April 3rd 2015 our group STILL DOES NOT HAVE ITS COMPENSATION PLAN.  If you are from one of the companies they acquired you will not be treated right.  Internal system are awful.  You will be forced to use SAP's technology for your daily job and its absolutely mind numbing that companies buy some of this technology.  I was lucky to hit quota last year, but only 10% of the SF field reps made their quotas last year.  SAP's slogan is "RUN SIMPLE", but if you are working here expect the exact opposite.  One last thing.....Last year they told us we would not get commissions until May, which ended up being August.  We literally did not get our first commission check until August.  They pulled the same thing again this year.  As of right now we are being told that the first commission check for 2015 biz will not come until May....my guess is they will continue to drag this out.  All of this information is accurate and true....I hope this helps.
Advice: Any advice you have for management will not matter.  They are too big for your opinions to matter.  At the end of the day they want the stockholders to be happy and do whatever they can to keep the cost of a sale down.  Turnover is inevitable and will only hurt SAP over time.
Pros: I came over from SuccessFactors.  SuccessFactors was an incredible experience.  Great money, work/life balance, and you felt like you made a difference.  Over the last year SuccessFactors has been completely taken over by SAP, which has killed the culture

Cons: Can get hard to navigate strategy sometime to your own business unit.
Advice: Keep things simple and build strong leadership trust at executive levels.
Pros: Great values and employee centric.

Cons: Not a ton of work-life balance, tons of leadership changes make it hard to feel secure
Advice: None
Pros: Great exposure and experience, freedom to be creative

Cons: Compensation is good but it could be more competitive.
Advice: You're doing great! I've heard compensation isn't as competitive as competitors and we have lost some good employees because of compensation.
Pros: Work/Life balance
Benefits
Compensation
Management/Leadership
Career advancement
Side projects
Fun Events
Remote work

Cons: The line between work and the rest of my life started was blurry at the best of times. 
Had issues with teams forming silos.
Advice: Communicate more with your teams, take steps to relieve team members if they are constantly being spread too thin.
Pros: Great people, great PTO and benefits, really enjoyed my time at this company.

Cons: Company and inter-organizational size creates lots of "red tape" processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company reach. Broad cross disciplinary functions. Pace and movement in the company is very much in the control of the employee
Flex work policies.

Cons: Sometimes it is overwhelming and challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, room for growth and appreciated.

Cons: Constant org changes
Complex architecture
Marketing focused and driven
Advice: Keep it simple.
Streamline organizational change.
Pros: Creative
Work from home
Good pay
Great benefits
Smart team

Cons: I was recently hit with a reorganization and lost my job. SAP, up until 2014, had a strong history of no layoffs, due to it's Co-CEO arrangement with Bill McDermott (US) and Jim Hagemann Snabe (Germany). However, McDermott took over as the sole CEO in 2014, and that's when the cuts and reorganizations started.  It has heavily affected offices in Israel, North American and other locations. SAP is putting an "all-in" strategy into HANA and SAP Cloud, so it's beefing up those areas, while placing less focus (and investment) into other areas of the business (like Middleware tools, for example), so folks on those sides of the business are feeling the heat.
Advice: Resteer the SAP HANA and SAP Cloud Story back into what made SAP great in the first place, which was it's ERP/Business Suite vs all HANA. HANA is an in-memory database platform, which is not a solution to all customer's problems.  While continuing to build-out SAP Solutions with HANA and Cloud, I would recommend they refocus their energies back to what made them great and what their "core focus" was all along - their depth and breath of business solutions!
Pros: SAP has always been one of the better tech giants to work for. They are well managed, consistently ranked one on the Top 100 Best places to Work (here in North America), have
lot's of great talent and very professional caliber people there. They offer all types of roles, no matter what you do. I have nothing but good things to say about them.

Cons: Large company has its downsides, sometimes it takes a while to see change
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, 401k, countless career paths at a large company, lots of employee network groups, locations and flex to work.

Cons: Need work on eradicating the gender pay gap issue
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance

Cons: 1) Hardly any con for this Company
Advice: No advice for the management
Pros: 1) Has good benefits and work life balance
2) Very Employee friendly policies

Cons: None to list. Great company
Advice: None
Pros: Well taken care of. Great company

Cons: Too many managers, too many reorganizations, salaries are woefully low ... just stay away!
Advice: None
Pros: Not much, honestly. The benefits would be good if they had a better network.

Cons: Management pushes the wrong agenda. don't know what they are doing.
Advice: None
Pros: always in play for business with leads.

Cons: Heavy on internal marketing/corporate messaging
Advice: None
Pros: Great professional culture and talent network

Cons: Hard to hit quota
Leadership is all over the place
Very corporate setting, you feel like youre a fish in ocean
Tough to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience for future sales roles

Cons: I can understand why many people rate SAP as satisfying. This is because working for SAP is like working for a government contractor. It is a relaxed environment with no work pressure and great work life flexibility. The pay is great and company hands out big titles to everyone (there are probably more than 1000 "Directors" alone)

I'm all for this but the reality is that the company has not gone anywhere in years. There are a lot of employees who produce nothing. Lot of people who get paid to be lazy and have no talent or interest in building next big thing. Layers of management who produce nothing. If all these people were let go, it would not make a single difference the next day for SAP.  The company as a whole is not innovating. It is still feeding off from old innovation that the company had once built. HANA is a grain of sand compared to what came out of SAP in the early days. In fact, the company is now walking backwards undoing everything that made it such a big company. Buying other companies to fill the gap only works till those companies also get SAP-fied. I think SAP is on its path to lose major business due to this.
Advice: Bring back the old SAP of 80s and 90s when it was the leader in innovation.
Pros: Lot of nice people. 
Great location. Lot of good amenities. 
Management always puts in the effort to keep employees informed through meetings.
Relaxing environment if you are looking for that. Sometimes too relaxing that no one really produces anything useful.

Cons: more work and travelling a lot over countries
Advice: research information
Pros: good culture and exciting colleagues and enviroment

Cons: quarterly pressure but expected with a sales job
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance and respect for their people

Cons: sluggish role movement and fixed component of compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Less stress, good work-life balance, Good bonus

Cons: Still need to figure out how to harmonize all the products and then publish (and keep up) tight and clear documentation on the harmonization. Many times it takes trial and error to figure out something one would think would be clearly documented.
Advice: Speed up the product harmonization. Improve internal technical documentation. You've been world-class in supporting everyone during COVID - keep that up!
Pros: SAP has exceeded my expectations all around. SAP is enormous so navigating the ins and outs of an enterprise this large is reality; so yes, there will be cliques here and there, there will be managers who aren't as adept as other managers, and change is constant. Thing is, in 2020 successful companies have to keep inventing and innovating. If you stay stagnant in this global economy, you'll struggle. I'm listing this as a "pro" - there is no hand holding at SAP. The company has invested mightily when it comes to self-learning and if you take advantage of these options and invest in yourself - you'll be successful. There's plenty of opportunity for growth and movement within the org and not just from a professional standpoint. The company offers and supports sabbaticals and fellowships. The technology provided to employees is top-notch. Want to use a mac and not a PC? Sure! Need supplies now that we're all working from home? No problem, order what you need (in reason, obviously). There are many 2018 reviews stating how people were leaving certain SAP brands en masse - and while there is some validity there, many of them expressed regret 6/12/18 months later. Says a lot about the company.

Cons: Extreme centralization to Germany under Christian Klein

Destruction of acquired cloud solutions by incompetent Walldorf leadership 

Use of UI5 over modern and widely used UX languageS

Highly political and lots of favoritism 

Sub-par compensation 

Mainly token women in leadership only
Advice: None
Pros: The people who still keep up the good fight

Cons: Very large hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: A company that cares about its employees

Cons: No comments. No comments. No comments.
Advice: None
Pros: Good to work with a team.

Cons: Less competitive compensation and benefits offered.
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership, great principles followed in the company

Cons: Promotion and bonuses are peanuts
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is good and team culture is great

Cons: Lower compensation if you are comparing with a FAANG equivalent
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed environment 
Work well with the team 
Great benefits 
Good Pay

Cons: takes a longer time to advance
Advice: None
Pros: strong brand and marketing. solid Ent solutions; great team and regional leadership

Cons: it has no cons as such.
Advice: None
Pros: it is a good company.

Cons: the constant uncertainty of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible and understanding towards employee needs

Cons: Onboarding into new roles isn't always smooth.
Advice: None
Pros: work culture
work life balance
benefits
work environment - offices are inviting and well decorated. Motivates you work

Cons: Hard company to get into
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work for!! Especially for early talents, lots of room to grow and options along the way

Cons: No complains No on calls etc
Advice: NA
Pros: Wlb. Best work life balance chill work project

Cons: None that I can think of thus far.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is such a wonderful company to work for. Everyone here truly cares about your career. I couldn't be happier with my manager and I feel very welcome.

Cons: Large Company with Focus out of Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Very good  company culture, benefits

Cons: too many sales executives and many layers
Advice: need more delivery experts than sales people
Pros: Very reasonable and provided work life balance

Cons: Cross company communications, duplicate efforts
Advice: None
Pros: We had the “dream team” for a while. Learned a lot.

Cons: I don't see any as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Favorable Work life balance

Cons: Sometimes projects move slower due to large company size, however the excellent vision outweights this issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Fair, excellent vision for the future.

Cons: Lots of procedures to manage
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: I can't think of any
Advice: Nothing that I can think of
Pros: Great leadership team, great transparency, culture is very positive

Cons: Retention Policies, Strategies may need some updating especially in today's competitive environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Work, Benefits, Growth and Employee Focused, Great SAP PH Leaders!

Cons: very very slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: super awesome people, very collaborative

Cons: Nothing bad to say about SAP
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has great company values

Cons: - Salaries aren't competitive (you'll make way more at another Seattle tech firm)
- The wrong people are in the wrong positions; leaders have Sr. Director roles who should not be Sr. Directors; people who have never done marketing before are "Sr. Marketing Managers" -- titles are sort of a joke.
- Innovation is lacking; the company is just trying to keep up with application stability so there isn't time for innovation
- Marketing / sales lacks connected scaleable processes; everything will change person by person; inability to function as a team; lots of cooks in the kitchen; death by committee with a lack of leadership
- Go work for SAP directly and spare yourself the pain of Concur
- Top talent has been leaving consistently for some time now and we are stuck with mediocrity; due to Concur's low market salaries, we can't hire top people to back fill positions leaving you with someone less capable than before.
- Top marketing leadership at Concur needs a shakeup
Advice: Keep your top people. Focus on the customer and not yourself. Create some processes and efficiencies so everything isn't so manual and tribal. Fix marketing from being so decentralized.
Pros: - Benefit of large international tech firm
- Career opportunities 
- The "pros" have taken a turn for the worst as most things that were once a "Pro" like working for an agile, innovative company that feels like a small business has all been washed down the drain.

Cons: Sometimes siloed, and a bit complex hierarchy to always fins the right person easily.
Advice: Keep listening. And keep making the decisions that support what you hear.
Pros: Room for advancement, cross-over roles. Culture supports the person, not the role. Do what they say. Committed to important global and social issues, not just selling more stuff at all costs.

Cons: Could be better built  for bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful place to work just out of college

Cons: I do not have any negative thoughts on my experience at the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and work life balance is great.

Cons: Change is a constant in the business work, particularly with tech. However, I have experienced more than average changes and re-orgs in my time at SAP. For example, I have had 4 different managers in one year as part of various re-orgs. My colleague has had 6 different managers in a year and a half. This leads to a feeling of job insecurity that is never good. Also, while SAP was ranked #1 for diversity by Forbes Magazine, my personal experience does not match that. There are no people of color on my team. Tangentially, I work with only one woman of color and three men of color. Older employees tend to get re-org'ed out. The Board is white and Germany with only one woman currently in what I would consider a 'more female" role. To SAP's credit, they have stepped up in 2020 to address racial injustice in a meaningful way that has been more than lip service.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares about its employees. Yes, really! It recognizes that its Human Resources are its most powerful resource. SAP has created a culture of people first, whether that be rewarding its employees with bonus days off during Covid to ease stress, gifting stock options or providing amazing free learning/class opportunities to ensure health and wellness. I have never felt that SAP talks a good talk but does not back it up with action. There is a clear path for advancement. The compensation is fair. The flexible work environments are a plus. As a working mom, I have never felt unable to put my children first before work commitments.

Cons: Comp is average, but the focus has changed from what's best for customers to what's best for shareholders.
Advice: None
Pros: You have an extremely large, stable organization that isn't going anywhere.

Cons: You will get less salary too.
Advice: Do an internal quality check and throw the trash away.
Pros: You have less work to do.

Cons: company is bit slow given its size
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities great people and culture

Cons: Lack of Diversity at the leadership level
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home 
Great Benefits 
Supportive of a work life balance for employees

Cons: No cons are there . Good life
Advice: None
Pros: Sap is good. No thanks problem

Cons: The tolerance for ineffective leadership is beyond any place I’ve ever seen in my career.
Advice: Tone down the bureaucracy, and recognize that legal makes recommendations not decisions.
Pros: SAP isn’t a bad place to work. I enjoy it. They take care of employees.

Cons: Process driven culture contributes to a lack of agility. More time is spent on internal selling versus external selling with our customers. It is very difficult to understand the products in your "sales bag" at any given moment and if not careful you can be positioning a solution you won't get paid on. Global deals are a train wreck and the sales split process take months to resolve and is a blood sport.  Virtual team sales model, while great to have, leaves a lot of dead weight and compensation for those who actually fail to contribute.  People are too busy and can never dig out of the pile, which mostly consists of internal, non-revenue generating garbage.
Advice: Enable your sales people to be in front of customers more by less reliance on duplicative reporting, tracking, and internal efforts.  Schedule less calls to prepare for calls.  Allow your front line sales managers to run their business and make difficult decisions - dont time them down in managerial report all day long.
Pros: Market leader with complete and proven portfolio.  Not afraid to acquire and integrate best-of-breed players.  Dynamic executives who clearly articulate vision and strategy. The global community remains centered on what is important in life and makes every effort to "give back" and support a cause.  The sales compensation plans are fair, as is the goaling. Sales management is patient in understanding that SAP solutions take time to sell - so long as you remain focused and "do the right things". Executives are fun to take on sales calls.

Cons: They provide less salary only.
Advice: NA
Pros: Amazing company to work !

Cons: Not a professional place, standard is very low in most of R&amp;D departments
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone are super nice and the environment is great

Cons: Can be complex
Lots of people to work through
Advice: Stay the course
Pros: Lots of product
Tons of processes 
Good mission

Cons: I do not see any as of now
Advice: None
Pros: WLB and benefits are good

Cons: None. None. None. None. None.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work environment and good work life balance

Cons: Too big of a company. Get lost easily in the smaller picture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and nice culture

Cons: Pay is ok but for the work life balance we get. it is good.
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive managers and good support for career development and learning.

Cons: Could be challenging and demanding - be ready to sacrifice your work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with strong corporate culture and mission. Rewarding a hard work.

Cons: No comments to provide here
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work culture and great leaders

Cons: Long hours/high expectations, some employees unresponsive/hard to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Connections, good training, ability to move upward within company

Cons: Decision making might be sometimes slow
Advice: None
Pros: People, flexible hours, benefits and more

Cons: Leadership changes very often. Not enough growth and guidance.
Advice: None
Pros: A friendly working environment also depends on the group

Cons: Lots of red tape, declining commission payouts
Advice: None
Pros: Large sales bag, extensive resources,

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance overall

Cons: - Primary account execs not motivated by compensation plan to ensure inclusion of secondary products (specialist sales) are included in deals. They do get commission, but there should be a factor placed on whole deal for including the secondary products to better motivate them.
- Part of selling newer technology at times of early market adoption maturity is investing in relationships with customers whose revenue is further out.
- Sales compensation of these less mature technologies should include engagements and efforts leading to "advisor status" for future funded projects.
- Frequent and involuntary territory changes with poor split compensation policy (only compensated for 30 days after change for any of your existing opportunities / efforts prior to change of territory) 
- very lopsided distribution of territories/ accounts, and of Customers with Funded sales cycles (the only way to make your number) are very unevenly distributed across sales reps.
- FOR any prospective Account Executive, choose to only accept position if you have responsibility that includes some mature technologies, as well as established and recurring existing customers if you want a prayer of  hitting quota.
Advice: - You have some very talented employees in your sales organization who are setup to fail due to poor distribution of accounts and methods of measurement for some of the specific products.
Pros: I was an Account Executive as a Technology Specialist (examples:  mobility, technology, hana etc.)
- Passionate leadership.
- very comfortable work environment and provided equipment
- innovative solutions (but are double edged if measure on rate of adoption)

Cons: There is a constant drive to re-invent the company and the recent acquisitions of Sybase, Successfactors, Ariba and Hybris were good choices.  The challenge has been to maintain the brand recognition and strengths of the products amidst the absorption of those organizations into the core of SAP.  Integration has been tough and after a few years the product development goes away and the company changes focus.  This really diminishes the value of the purchase and confuses the customer base in the process.

SAP appeals to many large companies and is therefore a staple of nearly 50% of the F1000.  The challenge has been to create a larger marketplace by moving the products into the mid-sized markets and really SAP doesn't resonate with them.  You can discount the products all you want but the cost of implementation and ongoing maintenance will still put you out of the running.
Advice: Figure out a long-term strategic vision or at least communicate it inward to your employees.  Realize that you cannot build relationships with new customers overnight and stop churning the accounts to try to find someone else to sell it.  The problem isn't the salespeople, it is the churn and the expectations.
Pros: I worked as an outside account executive for nearly two years at SAP.  The pro's are that there are a vast array of products to sell and there is great name recognition which helps to get you in the door.  Very solid benefits and a generally very supportive network environment.

Cons: SAP is a large organization with over 90,000 employees.  Large organizations can be tricky to navigate and often have many layers.   I believe the advantages outweigh the negatives.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is dedicated to helping businesses run their best and improving the lives of people.  As an SAP SuccessFactors Account Executive, I am proud to play a part in helping people all over the world work smarter.   The power of SAP's mobile applications, like Concur &amp; SuccessFactors,  can set people free from their desks. Freedom enables workers to spend more of the special moments in life with the people that matter.  

SAP's dedication to improving lives is not just externally focused but also internally focused.  SAP has invested in my career and wellbeing.  They have provided me with career specific training, flexibility to work from home, and personal development opportunities.  Recently they sponsored me to attend a wellbeing workshop, facilitated by Thrive Global, that provided ongoing personal coaching.

SAP is a profitable technology company with years of earnings growth.  The organization puts me in a position to lead change in a world full of disruption.   Their best in class employee stock program, Own SAP, has given me a path to grow future wealth and be a shareholder.    

SAP rewards performance.  If you are a motivated worker, willing to learn and are excited about how technology makes the world better - SAP could be the right place for you.

Cons: Can sometimes have to navigate a lot of organizational complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and enjoy the company culture

Cons: Pay is a little on the lower side for entry level.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance at SAP

Cons: Huge company can create pain points
Seems like everyday there is an email of new leadership of X team followed by the typical corporate speak
Advice: Pay SAP Concur employees more
Pros: Good work life balance
Opportunities for growth
Good benefits

Cons: work life balance, time-zones are a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Very diverse, global, intelligent people

Cons: no cons I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: great growth within company and team building

Cons: I had to get everything cleaned before the kids arrived. I set the lunch tables out in The gym for breakfast. Cleaned tables and put away till lunch time. I checked bathrooms throughout the day. I vacuumed and got that done early, along with the garbage. After lunch is over put away tales, take out the garbage, mop tile floors in gym area. Clean up THE kitchen, take out garbage, go over floor with dry mop then damp mop kitchen floor. Your done. Sign your name out on the clip board so the secretaries know your gone for the day. You can leave. It is a good thing I think to be singed out, cause it's for safety.
Advice: I got to the School encoded building and turned on lights. This was in Lakewood. There was a car there one time and I wasn't sure why, but the 🚗 left when I got there early. So that bothered me. Other then that everything went really well when I worked for LakeWood School District.
Pros: Being a Custodian there is easy. People were helpful when needed. I liked working at Lakewood, when I got to work. I wished I was called often. When I did work I really enjoyed it. Another person and me worked at the middle School on swing shift and it was good, cause if I had to ask a question, I would go ask. And when I Subbed at The Elementary, it was fast, easy, and fun. Before I knew it, It was time to GO.

Cons: -Org changes disrupt internal processes --&gt; handing work over is a long and slow process
-Politics of a large enterprise contingent on the team you're on - for better or for worse
-Pay for early talent is less attractive than firms of similar size and presence. Tenure based compensation doesn't seem in line with the young-recruit view toward career progression 
-Catching up to do to acquire and retain talent that would rather go to the top tier tech companies (Amazon, FB, Google)
Advice: Continue valuing your people in all functions and continue to make the org more lean. Entitlement has real implications on an org's ability to be flexible to changing market conditions, customer needs, and increasing competition. Find what you're good at and don't try to be everything all at once. Additionally, continue pushing for the development of tech skills among all levels of tiers. Top tech companies demand basic coding skills and excellent computer-intuition which seems to be lacking in certain back-office professions. This can be less efficient internal processes that ultimately slow down customer-oriented activities. I love this place and want to see it go far!!
Pros: SAP trains you to be the best and expects nothing less while also having a strong people-oriented and value-based culture. The opportunities are what you make of them and the company has a bright (if not perhaps less accelerated) future. I've always been proud to work at this company!
-Plenty of room for growth, laterally and horizontally
-Many mechanisms in place to develop its employees

Cons: Big company, rigid, lots of process
Advice: None
Pros: People, products, customers, pay, experience

Cons: Lot of changes in structure. Open communication to the employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work culture. Company takes care of its employees. Readiness to help and collaborate. Good work life balance.

Cons: Slow growth and slow paced environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance at SAP

Cons: I do not have an "cons"
Advice: None
Pros: Great Global Based Company for new and experienced employees

Cons: ERP needs to evolve and expand
Advice: None
Pros: US management is relatively strong

Cons: Weak/flat hierarchy in regards to career progression
Advice: None
Pros: Treats its employees incredibly well.

Cons: Lack of timely growth and market compensation.
Advice: Please priotize growth and career development for employees
Pros: Good global visibility and work life balance

Cons: SDR Senior Leadership is horrible.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is great. Commissions are uncapped. You can really make as much as you want.

Cons: The communication between the different departments is pretty nonexistent.  The right hand has no idea what the left hand is doing.  This creates frustration when you realize that 3-4 people have been tasked with the same thing and you've just been spinning your wheels.  Also there are some senior level management that treat administrative staff as if they are beneath them even though without them they wouldn't be able get anything done.  My work isn't necessarily challenging and I find myself bored and watching the clock quite often.
Advice: Trim the fat.  Define the roles of your employees and really get to know your employees strengths and put them in a role that challenges and inspires them.  You have some great talent but they are suffocating under the managers that have outlived their usefulness and are afraid to let them spread their wings for fear they might outshine them.
Pros: SAP overall is a great company.  There is low turnover and the majority of employess have been there 5+ years.  They have great perks for fulltime employees i.e., free  lunch, tuitiion reimbursement, etc.  There are a lot of contract employees which don't reap these benefits.  Contract employees are indefinite and there is really no explanation as to why this is or how to eventually become permanent.  Overall I found it surprising that for a tech/software company a lot of upper management is on the "senior" side and not very technologically savvy at all.

Cons: Margin pressure as on-prem to cloud transition happens, causing the company to revert to old-line hyper-aggressive sales tactics and strategies.  This includes using audits to drive "artificial" revenue, and mid-year changes to sales comp plans that cause deductions to Sales AE earnings.  This, coupled with the huge complexity of getting things down within the company,  is affecting cutomer relationships, and causing acclerated flight of seasoned Account Executives, Sales Directors, and pre-sales teams who rely on building and maintaining trusted relationships with key accounts and long-time client or industry contacts.  Successfull sales leaders defecting to smaller industry players or to larger consutling partners and SI's.  Huge confusion still in R&D make or buy process. Great acquistions so far, and great vision with HANA, but needs serious rationalization.
Advice: Stick with the vision and resist short term P&L-driven decisions to appease Wall Street or to maximize internal personal MBO's or bonuses.  Reverse the slide and dis-investment in caring & feeding of top sales people.   Get R&D figured out.   No longer feasible to be either a German OR an American solution development culture.  Need to meld together to become a global dev culture, that has it own unique "SAP theme".  Oh, and have a chat with all of the CMO's.  SAP branding and marketing is balkanized and terrible.
Pros: Still a top rated enterprise software company. Competitive salaries for the most part. Large market presence globally, and huge customer base. Smart acquistions that gradually transition cusotmers from expensive on-premise SW to more innovative, cheaper cloud-based solutions. Fairly strong vision from dynamic CEO, and beginnings of stability with top "Managing Board" executives who report to the CEO.

Cons: - Top heavy
- Lacks proper vision
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible timing
- People with a lot of experience to work with
- Flexible movement within organization

Cons: Sometimes Hike percentage is less
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance, Lot of opportunities to explore different technologies

Cons: can be a hostile environment for female engineers
Advice: None
Pros: generous paid time off and benefits

Cons: Salary might not be big with experiences you have or you gained
Advice: Encourage existing employees to progress in their career
Pros: Good Benefits and HR running business so people is given more important

Cons: Complex org internally and to the customer
Constant change
Advice: None
Pros: Fair comp plan
Good benefits
Opportunity for growth

Cons: - Pay is not that much.
Advice: None
Pros: - Everyone is very friendly and helpful.

Cons: limited transparency in job levels
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited sick off, Stock match, 401K, health insurance, paid time off

Cons: Hard to progress your career to the next level, salary is below market
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, good work life balance, insurance

Cons: Work / Life Balance in some case or proyects
Advice: None
Pros: Career Opportunities, good management day by day

Cons: Workloads have gotten absurd in recent years. Software is buggy and engineering is focused on developing new features instead of fixing issues, putting support into impossible positions. In essence, you are set up for failure day after day. 

There are very little opportunities for career development within the support organization, and the opportunities that are there are not advertised to the team. The only way for you to get a worthwhile raise is to get a different job within the company, and to leave support altogether. Management is in constant flux, so you never have the opportunity to work with anyone to develop your career in any meaningful way.

You get harassed on a daily basis for updates by other internal teams, and more effort has been put to hire people to micromanage you than to ease the workload.
Advice: Focus on getting people to manageable workloads. Help people develop their careers and give opportunities for raises and other positions within the support organization.
Pros: Extremely flexible. You have the freedom to work from home, and hours can be flexible as long as you are completing your work and participating with the team. 

Very laid back and informal atmosphere. The team is full of smart, hard working people, and there are a lot of opportunities to learn new things. Everyone is happy to help and communicates often. The office is fun, and there is occasional catered lunch and beer on Fridays. You will make many friends. 

SAP is a huge company, and there are tons of opportunities to connect with people around the world.

Cons: Long hours are seen as the norm
Advice: None
Pros: Company truly cares about their employees and the people are all pretty nice.

Cons: Very underpaid compared to every other large tech company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB and nice teammates

Cons: some time its hard to find work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work with

Cons: 1. The pay is sub-standard, compared to bay area's standard salary for software developer.
2. Most importantly, the immigration policies are really bad. SuccessFactors and SAP is not very employee-friendly with respect to immigration.
3.  Too many changes in the upper management has caused lack of direction to the company's vision. All the good people have left the company.
4. Managers and directors are fairly new and need extensive training. 
5.  No growth in the long run - if you are an entry level developer/QA, there is absolutely no growth here. Everyone in the team is lead/manager/director. Most of the development work is done from outside USA, from low cost centers.  So don't settle at SuccessFactors, move to the SAP umbrella such as SAP, Ariba, Concur, Lumira, etc.
Advice: 1. Be reasonable! Pay according to the standards of bay area.  Employees have families! 
2.  Please learn from other companies about Immigration and HR policies. These really need a reform at SAP and SuccessFactors, try to retain your experienced employees in the long-run! At least, TRY!
3. Train your new managers and new directors.
Pros: 1. SAP brand - Access to SAP, SAP technologies, learn from across SAP and its subsidiaries. All employees have the ability to move within SAP and be part of a new team.
2. Ability to work on your own schedule and also flexibility to work from home.
3. Good employee benefits
4. Great people to work with, everyone is really helpful and supportive
5. Job is highly stable and reliable
6. Great learning opportunity initially.

Cons: Sometimes slow depending on project you work on.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture.
Good work life balance.

Cons: Decision making might be sometimes slow
Advice: None
Pros: People, flexible hours, benefits and more

Cons: Management.
Pay.
Bonus.
Compensation. 
Management.
Forced work from office policy
Advice: Be better.
Pros: Very very very beautiful office and fantastic coworkers.

Cons: No cons whatsoever, they take care of their own.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: They take care of their people.

Cons: One of the largest problems at SAP, which is of no exception to any corporation over 50,000 people, is the incredible amount of red tape one must go through to push forward specific initiatives - regardless of how pressing. It is truly a German company that is not only obsessed with efficiency and achieving true economies of scale (by staffing in such a way that boxes people in to specializing in one specific function rather than a solid cross-functional understanding of the departments in which they work), but also in that one must know someone to achieve a promotion with the organization.
Advice: To help foster an environment where the goal isn't achieving perfect economies of scale in regards to employee skill specialization. The current model has a tendency to encourage work performed in a vacuum with minimal accountability.
Pros: At SAP the benefits are stellar and significantly higher than of any other technology corporation. The work/life balance is also what you make of it. Most of my colleagues work a 9 to 5 shift, but others work 8-10. The sky's the limit. The beauty though, is you can rest assured that your efforts will not go unnoticed. Its a company that always rewards hard workers and annually (and quarterly) reviews each and every employee to ensure that you are continually working with nothing but the best. This not only guarantees that you will always be working with smart minds, but also that you yourself will be provided with an opportunity to grow from your peers.

Cons: compensation could be better to compete with highly competitive market in this area.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and respectable work environment

Cons: Not many roles for "creatives". Sales and tech are the bulk of all jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, autonomy, flexibility are outstanding.

Cons: No Raises or any way to make more money
Advice: None
Pros: Free Food if you like garbage

Cons: No bonuses unless negotiated, health insurance isn't particularly good, no 401K match
Advice: Improve benefits
Pros: Very easy staff to work with, flexible schedule, when not onsite can work remote most of the time, decent pay for positions.

Cons: Hard to move up unless you know someone
Advice: Better incentives
Pros: Great career, pay is not bad, and benefits

Cons: Too many organizational shifts. Having atleast 1 new manager every year is the norm, and going back and forth on "new direction" is also very normal.

Too stuck in old ways of thinking for tech companies, hard to implement change without getting hammered with corporate red tape.

HR is the biggest problem (with the exception of the Diversity and Inclusion Pillar which is phenomenal. ). There's very low EQ for alot of the HR staff and many of them have long tenures so they are just coasting at this point. Even when doing internal transfers, HR can be terrible. Direct quote from HR during an internal transfer when negotiating level and salary cap "If money is all you care about, maybe SAP is not the company for you." Why would you say this to someone who already works for SAP? 

I also think there needs to be better company wide training and evaluation on how to deal with situations of harassment in the work place as HR consistently botches the handling of these type of situations. Again, the exception is the Diversity and Inclusion division of HR which is top notch at SAP.
Advice: Be transparent and authentic. You're dealing with educated people who know when things are not great and when things are, so don't try to sugar coat where we stand in comparison to our competitors.
Pros: Competitive Benefits
Ability to work remotely for many positions where teams are global
Fantastic travel opportunities (pre-pandemic)
Most people have wonderful personalities and are truly decent human beings

Cons: Complexity of internal and external processes, offerings.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is very inclusive, people oriented.

Cons: Wish to have at least 10-20% increase of wage for the time invested into the company and the work I put in.
Advice: Compensate the team for the amount of work and time we put in.
Pros: Love the work life balance and the surrounding people

Cons: SAP is like working in a retirement home. A lot of lifers, a lot of people not wanting to leave their positions, and a lack of fresh and creative people. The CEO keeps talking about all the millenials he wants to bring in.  All of my friends who are millenials were either laid off, moved into a short term contracted, or vastly underpaid.  SAP people love to throw the word "junior" around and use it as a bad word to scorn anyone under 35.  The company is super traditional, male, white, and top down style management. Unless you are a White or Asian man who can play hardball politics, you won't move up in this stale company.
Advice: Remove the multiple layers of management.  Everyone is either a Director or VP and a lot of managers are not necessary.  Put budget into recruiting and university relations and make it a point to hire younger and more diverse people. Don't just throw "diversity" around and say you're diverse because you're a global company.  When you look at Palo Alto, there are no women leaders (they're all pushed out) and all the leaders are male, white, or Asian.  Stop trying to be like Apple or Oracle and make your own brand.
Pros: Depending on your manager, you can work from home whenever you want.  They are very flexible on how you do your work as long as you get it done.  Outside of the company, the SAP brand is respected. Free lunch in the Palo Alto location is a big plus. Their catering company, Bon Appetit, puts a big emphasis on fresh and organic food.

Cons: promotion slow
compensation review if you stay at company longer not great
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for. Provides flexible benefits

Cons: Alot of bureaucracy.
Moving from one salary tier to another can be hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to start your career.
Flexible work life balance.

Cons: Bureaucratic, indecisive leadership struggling to define its transition to cloud
Advice: None
Pros: Great Products and People Business Process Applications second to none

Cons: None at this point. Good so far
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work !!

Cons: Lack of influence and tribalism hinders empowerment/growth
Advice: Listen and action on what you see and hear
Pros: Family culture within the CRC

Cons: There's a lot of fat here. The marketing organization in particular has a lot, and I wonder how they keep their jobs given how many airy ideas they have without results to show for it. I don't think most of them realize how good they have it here, since it's been so long since they've had layoffs, so they can be a bit complacent. Many people work remotely, which can be a good or bad thing, depending on your work style and perspective. It can be very bureaucratic. A simple task can be routed to five different people before you finally find the person who can get it done. Finally, it is a matrix organization, so sometimes you feel like you're herding cats.
Advice: This is a great place to work and build a career. Find ways to measure people on results in the marketing organization.
Pros: Challenging, interesting work, with plenty of job mobility. Everyone changes jobs internally every couple of years, and that's accepted. As a whole, my coworkers are smart, industrious, and collaborative. They are genuinely nice. Even the jerks are nice compared to some of the yo-yo's I've worked with in other companies. The hours are very manageable, and it's possible to work 40 hours and have time for a real life outside the office. FT employees appreciate the perks like a free gym, subsidized lunch, on-site Starbucks, and employee parties and family days.

Cons: salary is below market. need to do better
Advice: None
Pros: good co-operative workers and helpful

Cons: none that i can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: company culture is great in here

Cons: Because it is very fast-paced, there is a lot of work to be done always
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work, Fast-paced, and considerate of all the issue

Cons: Working in global team
Less RSU
1.5 % increment every year
Advice: None
Pros: Balance life, helpful people,
Learning from team

Cons: Can be stressful until tight deadlines
Advice: Be more caring for your workers
Pros: Great work life balance within company

Cons: Not enough resources - technology AND people.
SAP's way is not the only way or often even the best way to get things done.  

Internet is ALWAYS going down / getting interrupted - something bad for a Cloud based company.
Tools don't work consistently; lots of manual work-arounds.  
Passwords always requiring resetting.  
All these factors interrupt productivity, which is sad in a high tech company.

Many frustrated by high growth requirements, and little funding of the personnel and tools to support growth goals.   Contractors are great, but if you don't hire in the support positions (Finance, Marketing, Administrative) you will burn people out.  

Telling workers to get out if they raise issues which they feel should be addressed is not rational.
Advice: Stop saying you won't tolerate jerks when you don't take your own advice.  

"Collaborative" work style is anything but... you can't avoid the noisy chaos of co-workers who sit 
less than 2 feet away to either side or in front of your desk in a workbench type environment.

The rate of managers and workers being turned off and driven out following acquisition by SAP is normal, but don't lie to us by saying that the rate of departure has slowed.  It's the economy, stupid !  Many people are still looking.
Pros: Excellent pay.
Flexible work hours.

Up and coming company, purchased by SAP to help them save their Cloud strategy and future revenue opportunities.

Cons: Company struggles with transitioning out of their legacy systems and products, change can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Emphasizes the importance of growth in learning. Has a good culture of people that are willing to support you.

Cons: Huge company and difficult to navigate at first.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with new challenges to ensure work doesn't get boring.

Cons: No cons to write about
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work at

Cons: I would be very interested in hearing the cons that others might have. I just don't have any. Any conflicts and hard times I've had in my 6 years at SAP have always been with individuals. Those things are part of life and will happen at any company. SAP even offers courses on how to communicate with different personality types including difficult ones.
Advice: None
Pros: In my 30-year career I've had the opportunity and pleasure to work for companies large and small. I've worked for fun ad agencies and exciting startups in Silicon Valley. I had worked for 3 different tech and media giants before coming to SAP 6 years ago. I had always heard that SAP was a pretty good place to work and that it treated its employees well. Now I can offer first-hand proof that not only is it true but it has consistently exceeded my expectations. Benefits are the best of any company I've worked for. Work/life balance is taken seriously. Career opportunities abound. Your voice is heard and opinions valued. You truly get out what you put in at SAP. On top of all that, this is a company that cares about not just its employees and its customers but also the world in which we all live. Multiple ways to serve and give back are offered and encouraged. I love the passion lived by CEO Bill McDermott on a daily basis and try to reflect that as best I can.

Cons: Policies &amp; procedures have become ridiculous. We have literally gone back 10 years in time to manually keeping track of issues with our new "Issue Tracker". Nothing is automated like it used to be. 

Also, finding the right resources is tough and the documentation and training are severely lacking. 

Making sure new employees have proper access is also a headache. Half of the managers have no clue on how to get proper access to new hires. 

As a woman working for a large company, there is a huge pay gap between men and women. I know this because my referral (who is male) was hired on making 10k more a year than me for a lower position and this was after I had been with the company for over a decade.  While Sap-Concur has made some strides to improve the pay difference for me, it is still not enough. I am barely making more than the new hires that I am expected to train and mentor.
Advice: Listen to your employees. We are the ones serving our clients and having 20 different tools makes it more difficult to assist our clients and is a disservice to our company. 

Review the pay gap between men and women (tenure &amp; title should be taken into consideration as well) and correct it.
Pros: This company has an amazing set of core values. We truly are all about the customer's experience. 

SAP-Concur offers a great work-life balance.

Cons: Long hours but pay makes it worth it
Advice: No specific advice it’s a good place to work
Pros: Good company lots of opportunities for growth

Cons: Tooooo slow. Products are not improving at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, everyone in the team is nice

Cons: SAP is a corporate entity like any other; therefore there will be pockets of misunderstandings between employees and their management on certain teams as in any other company. No company has perfect management across the board. But seriously this is truly a very solid and amazing company. No cons to share.

I may be sounding very uppity and high on SAP but trust me, I left and saw the outside. I came running back.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the best companies I have worked with over my career. I actually left for another company and came back because I missed the pro-diversity and pro-collaboration corporate culture where everyone treats each other with respect. I had my first child last year and my management team has been nothing but empathetic and accommodating in providing me flexible work options. I am also very fortunate that my family and I enjoy the best benefits package we have ever seen.

Aside from the fact that the company takes their employees' well-being so seriously, but they have an amazing suite of products. SAP really is going to go places. I am really proud to work for SAP and look forward to more of its success.

Our CEO Bill McDermott is very personable. As an employee I appreciate that when he passes by he takes the time to say hello, shake hands and spend a few minutes. He takes employee feedback and comments in all hands meetings very seriously. He is a great leader and I wish him continued success.

Cons: Left without tasks to do occasionally
Advice: Be more inclusive
Pros: Flexible work environment, fun team

Cons: inability to go back into the office
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance, working from home

Cons: relocation
remote work
work balance
job pressure
management
job carrier
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus
salary package
benefits
office location
great work

Cons: Not many on site perks.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Location. Part-time option

Cons: Lower pay than other software companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and great people

Cons: Lots of internal process to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the team and culture

Cons: Niche software that is highly specalized
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is widely recognized and used

Cons: Internal resources and understanding technology road map
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and work environment

Cons: - Not all the teams work on latest tech
Advice: None
Pros: - Good growth opportunities 
- Competitive perks

Cons: Very poor mid level management
Advice: None
Pros: Big company with solid reputation

Cons: Large company hard to make changes
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and improved over the years

Cons: At the end of my probation period. No cons so far
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment
Great colleagues and leadership
Opportunities to grow

Cons: High Demand 
High volume
Unplugging can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule
Fantastic teams
Work life balance

Cons: Career growth and to progress within
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance

Cons: * Like everywhere else, culture is largely dependent on which group you are in.
Advice: None
Pros: * Great Benefits. Some of the best in the Bay area.
* Large company so you can move internally for better opportunities

Cons: Lower pay comparatively. - -
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb. - - -

Cons: Global org, not a lot of visibility
Advice: None
Pros: Lateral and upward movement great company

Cons: SAP struggles to keep up with new business models. But their DNA is stuck in time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and mostly good people to work with

Cons: The issue is with middle management.  The moves they are making are not in the best interests of the people, but of the person’s career ambitions.  Bill, Rob, Rodolpho are all smart and very capable at the top, but the people below them in the middle management roles are questionable.  The direct sales leadership works hard and cares about the people, but at the GM and national level they keep playing games that demoralize the field sales teams.

In the West specifically, they have had 3 GM’s in under a year and the last two were social experiments with unqualified women.  The most recent GM was installed this past week and based on credentials it is obvious to everyone that the deciding factor was that she was a woman.
Advice: Talk to the local people in the region.  Ask them what they need in a leader, for support and what changes are needed before making rash decisions.  Stop promoting women based on gender only, it demoralized women more than you know.
Pros: SAP has great products and good people at the execution level.  While the sales comp plans have suffered this year, the overall pay is at or above market.  If you do well at SAP, it is one of the last few places you can make a million dollar W2 in a calendar year.

Cons: aggressive sales tactics to drive quarter end revenue
Advice: Stop trying to extract revenue from customers via audits
Pros: customer base and product depth

Cons: Sometimes overly process driven. Currently in a massive transition
Advice: None
Pros: Strong company with long history

Cons: stock options are not good
Advice: one to one talk may need be more efficient
Pros: good company, excellent work balance

Cons: It takes time to move from one role to other
Advice: Identify talent early and promote them
Pros: Great Place to Work and good employee friendly policies

Cons: Compensation(few child companies) is less as compared to others.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance 
Good motivating people

Cons: I really do not have anything to add here.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Genuinely cares about employees and employee retention.

Cons: Very long hours for work
Advice: None
Pros: good team to work on

Cons: It can be extremely tough obtaining a full-time job at SAP. It seems to be you have to know someone to get it in. The common path for young talent is to enter as an intern and network internally to find a full-time role. SAP hires a lot of interns and provides them all the opportunity to find a full-time job, but there is only so many full-time jobs available, often leading it to be very competitive. 

Due to the nature of the software industry, technology advances very fast, leading to a constant internal structure change. Sometimes this causes teams to dissolve and new teams to start. This can be a good and a bad thing depending on the field you work in.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is amazing. Employees from all teams are easy to engage with and provide guidance if needed. Also, the managers do not breath down your neck while working and are flexible when it comes to working hours. SAP has a ton of resources for career guidance, which is very appealing for a young professional. With this comes encouragement to try out new positions as you progress within your career at SAP. SAP does not want their employees feeling bored with their job, so they provide tons of opportunities to try different jobs out. SAP also compensates their employees more than well and depending on the team they usually let you live in your desired destination.

Cons: So much change happening here, that it's slows the pace of operations... But not because things are getting done... because of the enormous amount of technical and organizational debt. Things move glacially slow here in comparison to other companies in the greater Seattle area. Other business groups seem to want to drag their feet for others, so that it takes forever to get anything done... like they are afraid. 

Sadly, they promote people to people management roles that aren't fit for the position. It's clear that people are not vetted as people managers, or are not given proper training and monitored. Poor behavior here not only goes unchecked, but it's buried organizationally, HR is not much help. 

It's also impossible to move around the company, there is no support for those wanting to pivot to other roles, and most managers offer none or absolutely bare-bones career growth guidance through the SAP Talk system, which pays you only in lip service. I don't even think the company has values that are culturally circulated. The fact that I don't know these should concern you.
Advice: Enable employees to lead and make change, allow them to move quickly, even if it means stirring the pot. Expect and demand that employees shine and bring innovation. Immediately squash with intent employees that promote unhealthy and toxic work culture, as this breeds acceptance of jerks and hurts your reputation. Encourage employees to move around and create an organizational structure for this to actually happen. You lose money and domain knowledge when employees quit.
Pros: Nice offices and free soda.

Cons: SAP struggles to keep up with new business models. But their DNA is stuck in time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and mostly good people to work with

Cons: It's a big company, so it's hard to directly make an impact you can see.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow your career. Competitive salary and benefits.

Cons: Lots of org changes but as expected from a big company
Pay is decent but below tech company average
Advice: None
Pros: Great office culture
Lots of perks 
So-so monetary benefits

Cons: Easy to advance in responsibilities, job title, and rank but the salary increase never comes with it.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, empowering projects. Flexibility to shift roles through company.

Cons: -Big company, always changing direction due to changing world
Advice: None
Pros: -Great company culture 
-Great benefits 
-Great growth opportunities

Cons: Much of SAP technology is antiquated and if you are an engineer there's a good chance you'll be working with their business suite (their largest and most important/lucrative product) which is complex, outdated and implemented in a proprietary programming language called ABAP.  In Palo Alto there is a fair amount of modern development including cloud, mobile, HTML5, etc.  However to varying degrees you can never get away from the R3 ABAP stack.  Efforts to modernize the SAP product line is sometimes misguided or does not make sense with today's trends, but nevertheless the effort is there and in general is bringing SAP into the modern software world, albeit on a somewhat bumpy road.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has competitive compensation, practically guaranteed large bonuses, benefits and even decent stock option and employ stock purchase programs for such a large company.  Palo Alto campus is in a nice location and in general colleagues are easy to work with and have a good attitude towards achieving success, solving problems, etc.  SAP typically has long retention, minimal attrition and very few layoffs (almost unheard of), which I believe speaks to the general happiness and satisfaction of the employees.  Many colleagues have deep expertise and knowledge and in general are willing to share and help w/out the attitude that many very senior employees typically have at other tech companies.

Cons: Too many internal re orgs
Advice: None
Pros: Sap is a great place to work. You will not be pushed to put tons of hours unless you want. Maintains a nice work life balance.

Cons: the company goal is not that clear
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance is pretty good

Cons: Salaries below other competitors in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture &amp; benefits, awesome offices

Cons: The complexity of any global company is difficult to navigate but the reward of having a global impact far outweighs it. I appreciate that SAP is working to drive simplification in our company and companies like us around the world. While some days are hard, I work alongside people who recognize the opportunity we have to change it and that excites me.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a company committed to improving people's lives and the employees work collectively to ensure they deliver on that mission, not only for customers but also for each other. Challenges are inevitable in any workplace and SAP has created a culture that allows colleagues to constructively navigate these challenges through innovation and collaboration without fear of failure. SAP respects a distributed workforce and relies on its global population to influence the company direction which empowers employees to be influential and successful regardless of where they work, even home based employees. The company's desire to build an inclusive workplace, coupled with it's strong brand as an employer, is allowing them to reach underrepresented populations of incredible talent who will find an ally in SAP - a company willing to stray from the norms of systemic oppression, making a deliberate effort to drive parity in the workplace for all demographics of people so that individuals can spend their days developing professionally in an environment that empowers them to bring everything they are in order to become everything they want.

Cons: slow monotonous lacks speed required formarket
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, new technologies, team work

Cons: Not as high paying as the others.
Advice: None
Pros: Independence, dignity, flexibility, equity, challenging

Cons: Long hours, lots of micro management
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, fast, rewarding, nice, cool

Cons: Not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is decent

Cons: No flexibility, hard to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, and retirement plan

Cons: Tight deadlines
Peaks of work at end of the year
Poor hand over from previous employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary
Good benefits
Growth opportunity
Nice work environment

Cons: German influenece is hard to manage
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and work life balance

Cons: Have to know somebody who knows somebody to move up. 
Diversity in leadership isn't where it should be.
Compensation is well below market average.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance.
Good training.
Good people.
Great programs for career and personal. development.

Cons: Red tape can be a little too much
Advice: None
Pros: Wlb is very good and relatively new tech stack depending which business segment you’re in

Cons: Most employees are more senior compared to average age in the industry. Given it is one of the oldest.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a place to grow and to increase skill and knowledge to further your career in the industry.

Cons: Very low salaries, extremely high workload, dismal healthcare benefits, out of touch upper management, etc. 
Hard work is not rewarded. In fact, it is punished with more responsibilities without an increase in pay. 
Salaries in support are very low and they do not reward hard work. They will never raise salaries significantly, even if you change departments. Do not plan to stay for more than 2 years, it will not be worth it. Do not expect to make much more than you are offered when you first join. 
The management speaks all the time about how wonderful they are, meanwhile they implement policies that do not help the hardworking employees to be better at their jobs or excel in their careers.
Advice: Stand up for your employees and pay them more. Senior management's rhetoric and actions are two different things. They say they care about their employees, but will not give adequate raises or decent starting salaries to reward loyalty and hard work. They treat your employees in support very poorly. They don't stand up for them when customers (or consultants) are acting badly (such as when customers abuse support team members), and they don't pay us anything near what we are worth to the company. That needs to change, or the talent in the organization will continue to leave the company as it has been doing recently.
Pros: Good vacation time (for the United States), positive culture.

Cons: development and production environment setup (security, environment management) is overly complicated, and changes frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: great work/life balance, good team mates, down to earth managers

Cons: reorgs seem to occur all the time. 
May be laid off due to reorgs
large and complex company
too many processes
Advice: None
Pros: care about people
flexible work options
good pay and benefits

Cons: I dont have any that I can think
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Highly matrixed organizations make it difficult
Advice: None
Pros: High tech industry provides exciting career

Cons: - Difficult to keep demand gen skills sharp because SAP marketing is not as innovative and cutting edge as leaner organizations
- Q1-Q2 can be travel- heavy as T&E budget usually gets cut off in 2H
- Frequent re-orgs can be challenging to get used to
- Any large company can be difficult to navigate and learn who's who.
- Compensation is pretty rigid. It's fair but don't expect large pay increases. You can definitely make more elsewhere but the benefits make up for this drawback.
Advice: None
Pros: - Well-organized and clear top-down communication on goals and vision
- Stable business growth with sound strategic investment in the future
- Maximum flexibility when it comes to work hours and working from home
- Plenty of opportunities to move around within the company, which is encouraged 
- Focus on employee development
- Great benefits (health benefits, free lunch, generous vacation and employee support resources, focus on giving back to the local community)
- Environmentally sustainable (and beautiful!) campuses and socially responsible business practices
- Reasonable work/life balance within the marketing organization, and most others within the company.
- Diverse and inclusive culture

I think it's telling that many people who leave often come back or wish to. It also says a lot about a company in Silicon Valley when many employees have been there for 10+ years. SAP is a great company to work for and I feel privileged to work here!

Cons: Given the size of the company and its many business units, it can be overwhelming to try and absorb all the knowledge, communications etc. of what's happening across all the organization/product groups/initiatives etc. to maintain a feeling that you're aware of everything happening that is outside of your day to day functional area/portion of the company. However, there are amazing tools and webinars, articles, announcements, emails etc. are all saved and shared to intranet resources so you can go back to it later when there are times you can't read and absorb it in real time.
Advice: You challenge us to strive for innovation and to bring our best to each day - for ourselves, families, colleagues and customers.  You set clear goals/objectives, craft strategies for achievement, communicate transparently and effectively across the organization and then enable us with tools and knowledge to strive to achieve and surpass those goals/objectives. Please continue leading us with transparency, energy and a never ceasing curiosity about the future of what's possible.
Pros: Industry Gold Standard in Technology &amp; Innovation
Stable, Growing Company with Rich History
Competitive Compensation &amp; Robust Benefits (*much better than standard)
Training/Tools to Help You Achieve in Your Functional Role
Growth Opportunities / Development as Person, Employee, Leader
Social Responsibility / Giving Back
Innovation - Seeking to Solve Client/Business/World Issues with Technology
Communication From Top Down - Executives Leading By Example
Huge Organization but Divisions/Teams/Employees are VALUED 
Work/Life Balance &amp; Colleagues You Respect

Cons: i don't have any for the moment
Advice: None
Pros: lot of advantage, they paye the transport, food and ils flexible

Cons: Compensation is little less competitive with other software companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice culture. Caring HR and management.

Cons: - Unethical practices with total disrespect for customers. All that matter is to achieve bogus internal KPIs and revenue targets.

- Too large an organization with very inefficient middle management often causing a lot of chaos. It's a challenge to get anything through as you spend a lot of time getting around the internal barriers.

- Almost all major customer projects executed are a mess with few people having to burn themselves to get the company out of the ditch. Cost are easily recovered by charging the ignorant customers. 

- If you dare challenge the management your career is doomed as there is no place for open conversation.

- Interestingly after 40 years SAP still uses a gut estimate of one or two individuals to put together projects that run into several million dollars.
Advice: Focus on employees, shed some middle management to give some breathing space to help serve customers better.

Its great to branch out to new technology for funneling license revenue but it would be a mistake to ignore our base software. Customers demand a certain commitment for the solutions they bought from us and has been using it for so many years.
Pros: + Stable old german company with a US outlook
+ A lot of good knowledge you can gain working with Germany
+ Some outstanding people in consulting and development who are good at clean up the mess created by the management

Cons: Controlled more from Germany headquarters
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility at work, best product designing and career growths

Cons: Much is expected- prepare for that!
Advice: None
Pros: Much is expected and is rewarded

Cons: Growing and integration pains as one would expect when a company is acquired by another.
IMO too much time spent developing new bells and whistles and not enough time ensuring the ones already available work as expected.  
Never worked at a place where there was such an abundance of training material none of which actually helps one do their job.  Feels like we just make this stuff up as we go, do in large part to the constant adding of the aforementioned bells and whistles.
Don't get a remote job if you do come here to work, make sure you work out of a brick and mortar location, will increase your chances tenfold of getting noticed and promoted.

In a word-frustrating.
Advice: Fix what we have now.
Slow down on the development cycles.
Catch up all documentation to current versions of product
Conduct interactive VLS training for all modules with a support persons needs in mind not a PS consultant.  We need to help fix it, not build it.
Have given up on the idea of advancement, don't know the right people.
Pros: Working with SF was a blast, great people, high energy, motivated to help businesses maximize the return on their most expensive investment, their people.   Couple this with the SaaS model and you have a great concept.

Cons: The support department feels like a punishment. You receive large volume and are harassed for updates by 4 or 5 different people for most of your tickets. Some issues are technical and require a lot of research and thinking. You can do neither here unless you work extra hours. To make things even more insulting, the people who bother support for updates get paid more than support. Somebody with no technical background at all can get hired on a team called preferred care and their managers reward them for harassing support.

Sales and account representatives lie to customers about functionality and then when the customers get upset we're told that we need better support. Everything falls back on support and all management does is get in our way and make it hard for us to get anything done. Many of the actual issues we troubleshoot have been around since before i started with the company which was years ago. 

When we bring issues up to management we are told that we are being negative and then management just talks about how good we are doing even though its pretty clear that most customers and most employees are miserable. They are out of touch.
Advice: Stop pretending things are okay when they're not. Give employees a reason to stay on a team and learn instead of chasing them off to other teams. A lot of you do not belong in management and are only there because you kiss up at happy hours.
Pros: Work from home options
Free lunches

Cons: * I don't feel valued and respected as an employee with money/title included.
* Micro-promotions appear to be utilized to help limit growth of over-performers due to title inflation of already promoted under-performers. It's one thing to inflate one's importance and value wanting a promotion, it's another to see it rampant across multiple orgs.
* You must threaten to leave or leave then return to increase salary to market standards. Even with multiple promotions, cost of living out-paces promotion salary increases. I've been told "it sounds just like when I worked there many years ago."
* Lower bar on competency resulting in drowning out the all-stars. Unfortunately that results in all-stars leaving or losing passion/drive.
Advice: Employees learn that most will flatline their career growth the second they accept the offer. This is regardless of performance. It's not something that is disguised. Even with micro-promotions, employees quickly become undervalued in contrast to the market standards. Quitting or threatening to quit with a written offer shouldn't be the means to re-evaluate compensation.  Instead that only reduces employee loyalty. Why try if there's no appreciation or value for going above and beyond?
Pros: * Work/life balance.
* If you are hired in with a competitive pay, then they offer competitive pay.
* Everyone is nice!
* I feel valued and respected as an employee with money/title aside.

Cons: Leadership Management
Pay
Tech Stack
Turn over is happening
Advice: N/A
Pros: W/L Balance is very good

Cons: * With few exceptions, you'll easily drown in endless processes
* You'll inevitably encounter processes that are required before you can begin the processes
* Remarkable redundancy across organizations and geographies
* No shortage of politics at the executive level, which is likely to have an impact, whatever your level
* A frightening number of executive decisions are made whimsically, especially before SAP events.  Whatever the merits, the end result is that aforementioned processes must follow like dominoes.  
* The end result of all the above? Processes and politics far trump technology
* Depending on the organization and function, nepotism can absolutely reign supreme
Advice: While this will clearly be a threat to some, invest in an audit of operational processes and hiring policies -- at all levels -- and follow through on its findings.  Heads will inevitably roll as a result, but the end result will be a far more profitable and efficient company in the long run.
Pros: * Very nice, friendly, and generally unpretentious colleagues
* A refreshing change from tech (especially Silicon Valley) arrogance
* Very nice campus, cafeteria, benefits and more
* Lots of telecommuting options, depending on your manager and function
* Some very smart people who are generally nice and approachable (see above)
* Some incredibly innovative technology, and the financial resources to support it (in theory)

Cons: Org structure changes can lead to silos
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and role opportunities

Cons: Some poor leadership - Current security leadership (August 2020) is pretty nonexistent, just does not communicate or lead in any way. They are not an obstacle to getting work done, but they do nothing to help get it done or provide direction in what should be done.
Executive leadership changes - At this time (August 2020), recent Executive Board changes leave some uncertainty as to the direction of the company and the competence of the leadership. Need some more diverse and experienced members and need to communicate better.
Organizational changes are frequent - Partially due to rapid acquisitions over the past decade, but organizational and leadership changes can be very frequent and by the time you adjust to one reorg, there is another. This creates a certain amount of administrative work that could otherwise be avoided.
Advice: Replace security leadership (as of August 2020) at several levels who have received poor employee pulse scores with people who are willing to actually lead. Communicate with employees so they know what is going on currently and what the goals of the company and their individual teams are.
Pros: Flexible work - majority of employees can work from home, work flexible hours
Compensation - decent overall compensation package, but base pay is not quite up to industry averages
Organizational culture - generally positive, also nice to be exposed to a diverse global team of colleagues

Cons: Complex organization structure; challenge to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Strong reputation and benefits; frequent surveys from management on engagement and co. direction

Cons: Rampant nepotism. If you are not part of the cool kids club (in other words white), you will not be selected to grow in your career. There is a lack of minorities in leadership as that is not the culture here as compared to any other tech company. SAP touts itself as an inclusive employer focused on diversity yet for SAP; diversity means gender equality (but you have to be white) – it’s like SAP jut woke up to gender equality and it was the latest buzzword out there. The other problem here is SAP is great at marketing itself - it is after all a sales and marketing machine and not a software company - so reality is very different from the illusion SAP markets itself as in terms of product or people diversity. If it was not for CoVID-19 a lot of people would have left sooner.

Lastly from a performance management perspective, it does not matter if you kill yourself to stand out for you probably will make 10% more than the lowest performer and forget about talking about career goals (re: see above for explanation).
Advice: If you are serious about diversity then stop talking about it, stop marketing it and act on it. We can't breathe because you do succession planning and leave us out. We can't breathe because you promote your favorites but keep us at the level below to do all the work and pay us less.
Pros: Good benefits, bonus comes on time and a steady paycheck for a Government job.

Cons: Very high paced tempo for many roles. Not well suited for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture and opportunities for growth

Cons: Very Large organization - constantly changing
Advice: None
Pros: Total compensation very good - Flexibility for remote work

Cons: Processes can get bogged down
Advice: keep the people focus
Pros: The work environment, people and career opportunities

Cons: sometimes slow moving, process bound
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, good benefits and pay

Cons: No huge cons! I would mention the company size - it's sometimes a bit challenging to coordinate virtual meetings with teams, that can be spread across the world. But this has huge pros, actually - wherever one wants to move, there will almost always be an SAP office nearby and the HR is really supportive with unusual requests.
Advice: Make sure to meet more regularly with your employees and seek internal feedback more actively. It's extremely difficult due to the company size, but I am positive we would be amazed how many great ideas internal colleagues have.
Pros: Huge personal growth opportunities. Huge career progression opportunities, especially for the one willing to relocate or even work from home. Flexible - most jobs allow working from home, ever several times a week - and even for prolonged periods of time, say around the holidays. Things get done, though! 95+% of colleagues are trustworthy, smart individuals who really want to contribute. The hierarchy is not strict at all in the sense that one can always talk to someone way up the ladder without being 'punished' or even discouraged from doing so from their direct manager. Last but not least, this is a great company for diverse people - in every possible sense. We have 5+ generations working together. Different races, religions, beliefs, sexual orientations - come as you are and contribute the best you can!

Cons: lack of clear vision and growth plan
Advice: None
Pros: amazing work life balance 
great culture 
friendly coworkers

Cons: There are areas we can improve on simplifying our internal processes .
Advice: None
Pros: October Month of Service encourages all SAP employees Globally to volunteer their time to help their local communities and causes. This kind of corporate social responsibility motivates employees to make an impact in their own communities and helps build morale.

SAP is one of the top workplaces for Women . 

There is a good work / life balance as there are a lot of opportunities to work remotely (telecommute).

We have  good benefits plan for employees for medical, healthcare, dental , vacation leaves, short term leave (maternity) etc.

It is a global company so you get to network with various colleagues in different countries and regions. 

I like working for SAP because of the culture of inclusivity, corporate and social responsibility and encourages everyone to grow and be the best you can be.

Cons: Constant organizational change and product delivery lagging product vision
Advice: None
Pros: Commitment to customer success, flexible work structure, very solid culture of collaboration

Cons: Sales quota's unrealistic & unattainable for 3rd tier SAP offering; which falls far behind behind Software & Professional Services, yet quota's are higher??? Poor communication among sales divisions & misc. product teams who could have easily benefitted and improved sales opportunities collaborating as a "team". If you do not work in the software sales division, you have work cut-out for yourself, selling value as a 2nd/3rd string team member, before you even get to work with "external" customers! viewed as step-child once removed & rarely invited to come to the party. Unfortunately I reported to a insecure, micro-manager with no people skills who was very narrow minded & operated with a stove pipe mentality, she felt threatened by anyone who thought "outside the box" or dare question her directives.
Advice: Witnessed fair amount of "churn & burn" in my specific division as well as and among new hires in SW sales for new target "strategic accounts" in white space. Company needs to more fairly distribute territories & base accounts to even playing field among sales reps.Too many tiers of management and too much bureaucracy, too many hands in the pot, trying to claim ownership! Core Culture & Values that were once highly respected and strong seem to be declining.
Pros: Highly regarded SW Solution company, constantly expanding offerings through corp. acquisitions... possibly too quickly. Dedicated employees & co-workers, good benefits.

Cons: big company, not competitive pay
Advice: None
Pros: a company with opportunities and growth

Cons: Low salary for support department
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits/health insurance and PTO

Cons: A lot of change recently in management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Give you a ton of opportunities to make money.

Cons: Grow the Africa Business in the Digital Space
Advice: Invest in Africa
Pros: One of the Best Companies to Work for

Cons: The do not hire the best person for the job. They hire friends and members of their cliques. If you don't kiss the right butt you can forget advancement. If you upset the wrong person they can make your life a living miserable and in some cases block you from leaving their department.  They don't hire managers who have the skill set to empower and educate the team. When a team is scared to talk to management because they are talked to like 5 year olds it's toxic to say the least.
Advice: Be fair and promote the best person for the job. Take some time to familiarize yourselves with what the department does so that you can lead the team. Just because someone isn't your drinking buddy doesn't mean they deserve to be talked about or talked down to. Notice your talent and take advantage of their ability to make you look good,  In most cases your team knows more about the business than you. No when you have an exceptional team and treat them all equal. Open door policy means.. Open your mouth and we'll show you the door.
Pros: SAP has a competitive salary and bonus program. Paid vacation, matching 401K program and benefits package.. Their learning tools are extensive and you will definitely  have to rely on those resources.

Cons: Human Resources is far and away the least inspiring group to deal with.  They are accessible and will answer your questions, however they rarely take up the banner for the employee.  They are manager/company first focused and poor employee advocates.  Getting promoted takes an act of congress as managers are given very little budget for promotion, the ranking system used for bonus calculation pits teams against each other, especially small teams and teams that have employees scattered across the globe.  Being at another large, global company I have seen more out of their HR and talent management teams in 3 months that I saw in over 10 years at SAP. After 10+ years I wanted to stay, however after several interviews and always losing out to other candidates who had a close connection to the hiring manager, it was time to move on.
Advice: Scrap the rating based bonus system, appreciate your internal talent more - you forced me out after 10 years because your mid level managers hired their buddies instead of looking at my qualifications.
Pros: Depending on your team, the atmosphere is really great.  Fostering, team focused, and SAP will give you the tools you need to be successful in your job.  As with any large company, your results may differ depending on your group.

Cons: Not early adopter company
Not the best solutions in the market
Advice: None
Pros: Well known company
Great solutions
Lot of solutions

Cons: None to mention, I had a great experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great management team and work environment

Cons: Lots of "simplifications" recently.  That's the horrible euphemism going around now for layoffs.  "You've been simplified".  While I fully understand the needs to re-align business needs around our new product and delivery paradigm, I am concerned that as these layoffs have now stretched over multiple years that we are lowering morale, reducing commitment, and perhaps even the ability to deliver to our customers.  Everyone's running with their heads down.  Hopefully these changes stabilize soon so we can get back to being awesome for our customers.  (and hopefully I survive long enough to be part of that.)
Advice: In the effort to "run simple" everyone within the company is now running scared.  Please identify an end to these changes and let internal folks know.  People aren't collaborating now or doing anything to stand out.  It's hard to strive for excellence in the current climate.  We need to get back to functioning like the awesome team we once were.
Pros: Absolutely love this company!  Great people to work for, strong teams to work with.  You'll contribute a lot, but you'll learn a lot as well.  I'm completely committed to this company's success.  I'd love to make this the company I retire from, which brings me to the "cons" list:

Cons: I wish there was better communication with changes. We recently had to change our passwords and there was a lack of communication how to do so and what action would be taken if we did not change it. I think a lot of the meeting rooms need to be updated and have old equipment that does not work. It is a windows focused company and I wish it was more aligned with Macs as there are many users out there.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing, but there is always room for improvement.
Pros: We have access to a free gym and receive free lunch everyday. There are always fun events happening. There is a patio to eat outside in nice days. There is an IT help desk on campus for help. The dress code is nice because it is not too stuffy. We have a good amount of time off and our benefits are phenomenal. We also have a CSA which I participated in this summer and I could pickup my fruit and vegetables while on lunch. It was super convenient. I also enjoy that once a month a cupcake truck comes what a way to roll in the weekend. My job is great and I have an awesome team I would not consider leaving even if I was offered more money.

Cons: Complex organization structure; challenge to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Strong reputation and benefits; frequent surveys from management on engagement and co. direction

Cons: -salary (takes longer to get promotions)
-more difficult to grow/develop
-hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: -flex work
-benefits
-hours
-work from home
-opportunity to relocate

Cons: No promotions or growth offered
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and company has good reputation.

Cons: It can take a lot (patience, persistence, creativity, time) to get set up with all the systems and authorizations needed to get the job done.  Everything is very secure, they don't cut corners.
Advice: Keep up the good work.  Processes are getting less complex.  Let's RUN SIMPLE internally as well as we do for our customers.
Pros: It's great to work for a winner, especially a company with integrity that truly wants to "help the world run better".
Opportunity for everyone, and a lot of it, regardless of age, race, gender, sexual orientation, etc.
Flexibility - Work from home or office or mix, flexible hours, trusted to get the work done.
Respect - Treated very well, always respected, never micromanaged, cared about.
Amazing work environment - Beautiful facilities, newest equipment and technology, ability to work from anywhere and any time, always using the latest cutting-edge technology to keep you working your best.

Cons: Located in South San Francisco so you definitely need a car. There is a shuttle that takes you from South SF BART, but if you're not located near a BART station then a car makes life much easier. Good news is you only have to go into the office 3 days a week.
Advice: Create a system that trains BDRs to move onto an AE position. Maybe allow BDRs to shadow AE's throughout the entire sales cycle so they understand what it's like to close at a high level.
Pros: If you work here you will never go hungry. Management enables you to be successful, and because of that you never stress about hitting your sales number. The compensation is amazing and you get to WORK FROM HOME 2 days out of the week! The BD team is a well oiled machine, and everyone on it genuinely cares about you as a person. I had so much fun working here during my time. 

Other Perks:
-Catered food every Wednesday.
-$150 lunch allowance 
-Amazing well known company that produces cutting edge technology.
-Lots of really intelligent people to learn from.
-BEAUTIFUL OFFICE with tons of free parking. 

If you're a hard worker and enjoy a strategic approach to sales, then this company is a great place to call home.

Cons: Incompetent management 
They call this title market development but a more accurate name would be cold calling robot. Very little opp for advancement. The best mdr on floor was passed up several times and ended up quitting because of it.Preferred networking over promoting talent. Lack of training. Mangers have little to no experience on the phones yet act like gods. Company culture has taken a steep dive in the last six months. Use to be a fun environment now you walk on the floor and it’s all silence and frowns. 
Turnover rate for this job is crazy! We lost almost 2-3 people per month. Someone actually last a year here is rare
Advice: Stop acting like camp councilors. Stop wasting time with “success principles”. Foster innovation and creativity instead of pushing useless metrics. Support stugiling MDRs instead of pushing them out. WFH is not a reward it’s a tool to help people have a healthy work life balance.  Stop with the silly games and useless metrics. Just let us do our jobs. Get RSEs and MDRs on same page. I shouldn’t have to convince rse to do their job. Work on data integrity. Stop telling people who they can and cannot interact with in the office. Develop and clear and precision training pipeline to help with the inbound to outbound transition.
Pros: Fair compensation
Young workforce
Free lacroix

Cons: Large, complex matrix organization to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great people, great customers

Cons: Really long hours due to global timezones, hard to balance work / life, sometimes the cultures clash a bit when the "go slow and do it perfectly" doesn't mix with the "go fast and be early to market" groups don't mix well.  There's a German Workers Council (like unions in the U.S.) which is a hold-over from the long-ago days of craftsmen's guilds that is outdated (but required by German law) which can slow and complicate things.
Advice: Simplify and focus.  Do fewer things, better.  Embrace a more customer-focused, market-focused approach (give up some of the engineering precision and need for perfect clarity that holds back fast innovation and risk-taking).
Pros: Culturally diverse, global, strong ethics and integrity of senior management, long-range thinking and planning, attention to detail, foundational strength of the core business.  It is #1 in its market space (business applications).  It has a very strong community of developers (http://sdn.sap.com) and business process experts. It has a welcoming and engaged approach to its partners.  SAP participates actively with its many country-based independent customer user groups.  SAP listens intently to its customers in order to serve them better with more than a profit motive in mind.

Cons: There is a severe disconnect between new leadership (SAP) and the rest of the organization. Major issues are acknowledged over and over without marked improvements. Lack of transparency in communication and poor planning/implementation/measurement of initiatives to remedy major issues. Challenging to maintain motivation when we "hear" about improvements, but don't "see" positive outcomes. Pay for performance went out the window last year. Talented people are leaving or actively looking. Have to fight for work/life balance. Probably the most disturbing is hearing "It's not MY job" on a regular basis now. That simply didn't happen a few years ago.
Advice: Listen to your people! We know how to solve the problems and want to be part of the solutions. The job market is once again competitive...retain your talent. If you are not going to pay for performance any longer then increase focus on career development planning, create opportunities, increase perks that benefit everyone (including remote employees!). Be truthful and transparent in communication.
Pros: I like the product concepts, the team I work with, my direct Manager, freedom PTO policy and ability to work from home. Always something new to learn and opportunities to work on interesting projects. There are still talented, dedicated people in leadership roles who understand what made SuccessFactors great and retain the values that created the formerly awesome culture!

Cons: As a global player in a globally active company, your team may cover all major time zones.  You will have to be able to self-manage your own time  accordingly, which may be challenging at times.
Advice: Keep the strategic direction into the cloud, and towards the intelligent enterprise suite, infused with intelligent technologies, extended and connected by the digital platform. Employees certainly are  on board with this, please ensure mid-level management comes on board quickly, too
Pros: SAP is a great company to work with. I've been with SAP for over 20 years, and I stand by it. Besides the salary and benefits, it is rewarding to work with customers who are the best in their industry, or thrive to become the best, and being able to show them how using our solutions can make the difference, accelerate scale and growth, help compete or create new business models. The company has strong and inspiring leadership, which empowers us to drive and execute a strategy  we can believe in. The company is flexible enough to allow for multiple career paths: For instance I started in implementation consulting, learned programming on the job, joined development, became a patented inventor, joined product management, and was able to experience diverse  teams on different continents. Would I do it again? Of course!

Cons: 1. Even though SAP is a huge tech company, its own internal systems and processes are antiquated and disparate. This can be headache inducing, and at times, unnecessarily lengthens the timeframe it takes to complete a task.
Advice: 1. Keep on keeping on with your commitments to your employees... we are paying attention and are appreciative of the ongoing efforts.
2. Keep working to shore up and hone your internal process and systems... "Run Simple" shouldn't just be an adage for our customers, but for SAP as well.
Pros: 1. Even though it is a HUGE company, you never feel like you are lost at sea, nor are you ever treated like you're only an employee id number.
2. They are very serious about retaining professional people who have souls and aren't afraid to bare them. This may not seem like a big deal, but we all know there are plenty of companies out there who are dedicated to keeping soulless people. SAP expects you to be human, and celebrates that humanness.  
3.  As a lesbian woman in technology, I can honestly say that SAP is the only company I've worked  for that truly WALKS the WALK regarding Diversity in the workforce (other companies can surely talk the talk, but execute on little else). SAP is openly committed to LGBTQ rights.

Cons: There are non that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great work place with awesome people

Cons: Not many cons, great people!
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, centered around employees, great perks

Cons: Low salary
Proprietary tech
Slow career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Work life bbalance
Good perks
Chill environment

Cons: Work life balance and salary reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Solution Architect and Senior Consultant

Cons: Its a very quiet office, to the point that the air from the AC can be distracting.  It's a German company so for the most part that means a cool, European environment, but some of the execs are a little weird.  They're very rarely here though, so that has no effect.  Tons of interns, a lot who don't seem to do anything, gives the office a weird hipster, high school feeling.  Somewhat hilarious, considering that SAP makes software solutions, the office is so low-tech.  The SAP "portal" has to be updated by lengthy email requests and is pretty useless.
Advice: None, I think everyone's happy.
Pros: First, let me say that SAP divides it employees into essentially 2 groups, contractors and regular employees.  All the support positions (admin, facilities) are contractors.  
SAP has very deep pockets and pays well, provides great benefits, and offers free lunch.  The office is gorgeous and mostly serves to host meetings.  SAP is very laid back about flex time and working from home, so as a result, the office is almost completely empty on Fridays and rarely gets that lively in general.  I suppose it has its politics and silly corporate shenanigans, but for the most part, everyone here is very nice and calm.

Cons: Proprietary technology is seen as superior (we always did it in ABAP and it's better). Infrequent weird knee-jerk micromanagement from top management. Increasing us vs. them (management vs workers) mentality - away from the 'we are a team' culture. There are more and more levels of management, although the new CEO wants to change that. There are many departments that viciously defend their turf even though their products are unneeded or miss the market. Talking to customers is left to a thin layer that doesn't communicate with the people who build the product.
It is hard to make it into higher management - generally those are hired from the outside or move in sideways through the MBA channel, having no product experience.
Another downside is that you have to use some of the older products that are really hard to use.
Advice: Do some management by walking around. Use some of your products.
Pros: Good benefits and work climate. No hire and fire mentality. Lots of different departments that deal with vastly diverse subjects. People from all over the world work together, US, India, Germany, France, Canada, Bulgaria, Czechs - you name it. Free lunch and generally a people-friendly work environment. No nickel and diming on snacks and drinks at work.

Cons: Training on procedures that were not compatible with systems and needed to be constantly re-written . Management leaving you to load SAP apps. yourself (not IT) and not able - due to not being the Administrator. Getting the other (prior company) programs to work with the  completely newer systems , and still have issues. Ton's of company phone-in's,company videos with a multiple answer test's at the end , and you must pass. No free or discounted lunches , or Bart passes etc. Really bad payroll system , and the new self evaluation bonus program that must be done in like 3 week's . (it can be compared to a college admission paper) An almost guaranteed fail , while having to do your everyday job .Understanding German jargon like - 'execute' to them on a p.c. is = 'enter' to us . I do love the German's though!
Advice: Lead by example! Do not expect perfection and pass judgement onto someone , when you're the head of the department , and can't even do the process , let alone sign on to the computer to do it yourself . I'm just saying.
Pros: Got much needed equipment for department . More vacation time . Moved up a little bit on pay scale . Never see any executive's .

Cons: There seems to be a culture shift now that we are a part of SAP, as expected.
Advice: Hire people who are hungry, competitive, and appreciative.
Pros: There is incredible upward mobility for those who put their head down, work hard, and don't expect anything to be handed to them. As in many performance-based organizations, many of the negative reviews about unattainable goals or leadership holding employees back, are by low/average performers who expect praise and promotions to be handed to them. I have experienced firsthand how quickly you can move through the ranks if going above and beyond goal is an expectation for oneself. Personally, I would encourage anyone who wants to get their foot in the door at a great company to start in Market Development as it has provided an amazing foundation for future successes in sales roles. Effort is directly correlated to success in this role, so if you come in ready to work hard and earn good money while doing it, this is a fantastic role for you. 

Both directors and managers are ultra-transparent about expectations and run the department as a true meritocracy. Market Development leadership did a great job broadcasting the performance of high performers to leaders of other departments as to help with promotions.

Cons: Archaic leadership culture, no real sense of what makes a good people leader- this is the major area of focus needed by SAP. Still quite hierarchical, with many old school autocratic leaders lacking vision but excessively busy with tactical actions.  Lots of talk about the future of work and new structures but in action used a 30 yr ok approach to reorganizing instead of innovating how to do this humanly - could have been a think tanked opportunity to demonstrate real leadership and done it differently. What a missed opportunity!  Too many reorganization allow mediocre leaders with a new boss each year to be overlooked in their lack of real contribution.
Advice: Convene think tanks to develop new approaches to both major reorgs (recent downsizing) and annual reorgs. This is an old approach and orgs need to figure out how to do this more regularly more humanely, respectfully, and without demotivating the vast majority. You lost a ton of respect and commitment in this recent “purge” of highly talented and engaged people who were never even acknowledged or thanked for their efforts over the years. How appalling!
Pros: Significant opportunities to learn, with an innovation direction and strong technical innovation capability. CEO is inspiring but not humble.

Cons: You have to maintain relationships for promotions, it's not really based on performance, if someone you know rises to the top, they will take you with you. Most of the job positions are filled without any interview or screening, so you better focus on your networking skills than hard or smart working.

During the COVID, they came up with strange restrictions which require approvals at all levels, for employees that want to move to another country due to visa restrictions, company process requires board approval, that's for less than 10,000 USD expense, talk about running simple.

If you establish a process where nobody but board can take decisions for expenses of such low dollar value, you just don't have trust in your L3/L4/L5 leadership team, Global mobility team in SAP acts like government office (no offense to anyone), you have to constantly beg them to get your response.

You will be constantly stifled by process bureacracies and following the chain of command blessings to get simple things done, everything is strictly hierarchical.
Advice: Fix the global mobility process requiring board approval for transfers to different countries.

Focus on creating diversity across all ethnic groups in addition to gender and color. You don't see a lot of people of color or ethnicities at L1, L2 or L3 levels.

Empower your L3 and below leaders, they can make smart decisions too.
Pros: It's a great company for someone who is not looking for an accelarated growth path or not dependent on a visa to work.

Cons: Only your usual balance between when ideal UX designs could be implemented because of the backend and performance issues which requires a lot architecture changes.
Advice: None
Pros: They immediately had everyone work from home in March 2020 when news of the pandemic broke out and have been very supportive and flexible. They've given us 10 days to use for crisis leave like taking care of family or decompressing as kids are at home; this is not for sick leave which you'd use if you or anyone in your family gets Covid-19. They even sent all employees reusable cloth masks to use and kept us update on the current Covid-19 situation worldwide. Prior to all this it was great going into work and meeting with colleagues and eating lunch together. Now our whole UX department meets on virtual chat every Friday or so just to chat during lunch hour about none work stuff. SAP has also asked for Fridays to not have meetings so people can get work done and flexible to figure out the new norm with staying at home. The most resent team building is arranging for us to do virtual remote Escape rooms in teams of 7 or painting as a team getting a kit at home.

Cons: All what i can see is positive
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing to say at this point

Cons: It's not really a con, but SAP is a highly virtualized environment - meaning you need to build your network.  Your network is how you get things done and push projects through. There are many teams at SAP and you need to quickly learn which ones you should interact with depending on your role.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a great place to work.  There are many things to do, whether you are a code geek,  want to work with customer or partners, sales, marketing - so many roles to choose from.   I switch groups every 3-5 years because there is so much to learn. Other people stay in the same gig their entire career.   One of the things I love most is the diversity of people you get to work with.   You will meet people from all over the world, depending on your role, you may also get to travel all over the world.  I've had positions where I fly every week,  ones where I fly every quarter to other countries, and ones that require no travel.   I work at home or am on the road - so this job fits my life well.  Love working at SAP.

Cons: The large business comes with some of the expected cons of a large business. It can be difficult to keep up with all of the different teams and navigate the big SAP world. We are constantly working to simplify process and restructure to mitigate these issues, but with this size of a business it persists.
Advice: Providing a functional organization chart (team name and  short description) especially when a reorganization takes place would help employees navigate these changes. Remember that while we appreciate the "big picture" what we really want are the details and "how it affects me" which seems to be missed in the large change announcements.
Pros: The people: We have a very dedicated and talented workforce who are great to work with every day. Many of my colleagues have become good friends.
The benefits: SAP offers a wonderful and well rounded benefit package.
The culture: Our employees actually take to heart the desired behaviors to build a wonderful working culture doing things like building bridges, telling it like it is, and keeping their promises. SAP as a company and individuals actually care about others we work with, and that shows.
The office: SAP Pittsburgh has a beautiful NEW office in a wonderful location. We can't wait to be able to return to our office when things are safe again (pandemic).

Cons: - Pay is way below market in the valley. Lots of good talents left.
- Some teams responsibilities overlap when each other- which leads to resource waste.
- Career growth may be limited. Management care about achieving KPIs and not focusing on individual career development.
Advice: - Adjust pay to align with market standard, especially for the ones that join SAP straight out of school.
- Clear up each teams responsibilities. No two teams should share the same responsibilities.
- Invest more on career development plan like trainings and provide opportunities for each employee to work on side projects of their choice- it will profit the company in the long. Focusing on yearly KPIs do not solve issues and has failed in the past few years.
Pros: - Lots of opportunities to move around internally- for technical and non-technical roles.
- Flexible work from home policy (can depend on your team). For many senior positions, you can pick up your kids and have flexible hours.
- Free lunches daily (can depend on your location).
- As the company is big, you can easily make connections with different people.
- Lots of opportunities to learn if you look hard enough.
- Best culture in the tech industry- company respects your time and are flexible with your emergencies. Nice coworkers and you will make lifelong friends here.

Cons: too big to actually accomplish anything
Advice: None
Pros: Profitable, pays well, great benes

Cons: Income is not such appearing.
Advice: No
Pros: Everyone is friendly, guidelines are clear.

Cons: The consensus driven culture that is instilled in the company by its strong German roots can at times paralyze decision making processes, and slow reaction to competition.  (that said, the company has become much better at reacting in recent years.)  Sometimes too many people are consulted on management decisions that should be made at lower levels. The geographical spread of the broader organization, and the dispersion of functional and marketing units, can add a significant degree of complexity to go to market and other company wide roll outs.  that said, this global footprint is a serious advantage  in dealing with large clients.
Advice: Give lower managers more leeway in decision making.
Pros: At SAP America (and SAP Labs) you are surrounded by top talent from across the globe.  The benefits are industry competitive and the work environment is unparalleled for a business-customer focused firm.  The company is extremely accommodating when it comes to working needs (time off; work from home).  Consensus driven culture means that managers (both direct and top level) take the time to consider input from lower down the food chain.  Significant work occurs across departments and across geographies, so you are exposed to a variety of personalities and systems, which make things very interesting at times, for better or worse.

Cons: Being a very large organization, getting things done takes a bit longer. More approvals required, more people involved, more "red tape". Not quite as nimble as a smaller org, but this is understansable and something we just learn to work with!
Advice: Continue to invest in your people. The programs and resources that have been brought to us over the past several years are incredible, and have been well received by those taking advantage of them. Thank you for seeing the benefit in programs focused on mental health, especially during these uncertain times when we are all working from home, and struggling to keep work/life balance in check.
Pros: The culture at SAP Concur would be hard to beat anywhere else. I have worked at several different companies, and have never felt more like a family any other place. The people here truly care about one another, want to see others succeed, and are willing to go the extra mile to ensure everyone has a happy work/life balance. Family always come first, and there is a level of respect and trust exhibited with our leaders. Not only is this an incredibly strong company, but also having such amazing people to work with is what makes it a place I plan to remain until I retire.

Cons: Almost all of the talent and smart people have already left. There are a few good people left but wouldn't be surprised if they leave when the rest of their stock vests. Most of the people left are the employees that need improvement. The rating system is garbage and rates almost everyone as "delivers well" even if they are a disaster. Only the worst of the worst are rated as "needs improvement" so even if someone is a poor performer, they think they aren't and don't make any efforts to contribute to the broader team. High performers are not encouraged to do well, only to dumb themselves down to make the low performers feel better. 

Executive management has no clue how horrible the day to day work is because the VP's and what not paint a rosy picture that is completely incorrect. Certain VPs were promoted too quickly and lack experience, while others were never promoted even though they should have been. Basically, everything is a mess. 

Pretty sure the company will only get worse as it gets "SAP-ified" and all the remaining good people leave. I wouldn't go back to work here, even if someone offered me a million dollars a year.
Advice: Stop believe that everything is fine, take a good hard look at people, fire the low performers, reward the high performers, and actually move the needle instead of just saying you will.
Pros: benefits, location, free lunch, beautiful office

Cons: Post-SAP acquisition, the company, as one would expect functioned more like a large, large, institutionalized corporation. Still plenty of talent and good people, but definitely a different outlook on work ethic, driving success, and making great things happen. SAP is going through its own internal struggle, trying to at once preserve its enterprise software business model, and adapt to the cloud. If you're applying to work at SAP in a location other than Silicon Valley, this is probably a great career choice for you, or if you want a 9-5er, it's probably a great career choice wherever you are. Everyone's different.
Advice: Embrace the cloud, run like a start-up.
Pros: Pre-SAP acquisition, great culture of hard working, smart, motivated, yet down-to-earth people. Lars has his own breed of culture, which is not for everyone, but in my opinion, is the best way to do business. Some core tenets: 1) No jerks 2) Take calculated risks, make mistakes, learn from them 3) Leave no man behind. If you have a chance to work for Lars, and want to be on a rocket ship, rather than a 9-5, take it. If you're looking for a steady, 9-5 job, there's certainly nothing wrong with that, everyone is different, but SuccessFactors was not that type of company.

Cons: 1. High Expectations

Expectations to perform and hit quotas are expected with such a competitive salary/comp structure. Shouldn’t be too much of a surprise to anyone interested in a sales role. 

2. Change

Systems, processes, and personnel change often but that’s expected considering the nature of working at a tech company. Getting into a rhythm will take extra effort but overcoming obstacles in this role will prove to be extremely valuable experience that you will carry with you throughout the rest of your career.
Advice: Upper leadership should sit and shadow reps more often. At least one Sr. Director every quarter should be spending a half day with an individual MDR/team. It’s an easy way to boost morale, and it’ll help fast track the systematic roadblocks that effect MDR efficiencies.
Pros: 1. $$$

Very competitive salary/comp structure for an entry-level sales role. Plenty of opportunity to make great money at this position.

2.) Company culture (best part of the job)

This team is full of fun and smart people that you’ll actually enjoy working with. You’ll build friendships and make connections that will last for years. 

3.) Professional and personal development

Sales, marketing, operations - whatever area you’d like to learn or develop skills, this team and position will provide you with the opportunity to do so.

Cons: Sales micro management is off the charts.  I am required to give comprehensive deal status reports once a week.  But in addition, I get 20 calls and emails daily asking for updates.  Sales Management is entirely focused on simple next closing steps, layers of managers are tripping over each other to have the very latest info.  I'm a high performer, will make over $500k this year, again.  I can leave an important meeting, take 3 or more calls from various managers within 2 hours, and be berated for not having updated our CRM system called Harmony.
Advice: Dial back the torrid pace of deal status.   Hire managers who actually understand customer business issues and SAP solutions and who can coach on solution selling.   The culture has shifted to a bunch of spreadsheet jockey managers , competing with each other to have the latest info.  A number of Account Executives are wondering if the $500k - $1m a year is worth it in this environment.
Second issue is declining compensation plans for over achievers.  Why are Management Stock Options uncapped, while Sales Plans for those who deliver revenue capped?
Pros: Good product set that works.

Cons: Only downside is the ability to move around to other positions within SAP.  While employed at SAP I've applied for multiple roles that I am qualified for and have not received a response.  I left for one year, and applied for the same types of roles and was contacted on every one.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.  Our customers love the new innovation coming with HCP and S/4HANA.
Pros: If you are an SAP consultant there is really no other place to be. The perks at SAP are vast and the opportunities are enormous.  I've been able to shape my career as I've wanted to with my manager's full support.  I've gotten the chance to work on the latest and greatest software that is not yet well known to the other Big 4 (Deloitte, Accenture) and had a blast doing so. My manager is truly awesome and I consider her a friend.  Great place to work as long as you are willing to work very hard.

New stock options put SAP's benefit package superior to competitors.  The benefits and 401k, competitive pay, travel benefits (airline clubs) and tuition reimbursement have been great.

Cons: - Poorly planned/staffed projects; sometimes you will hear of a new project and have to go on site  with little to no background and the client/partner will expect a quick turnaround. Projects are being rushed to start implementation when they are not ready, and the internal project team suffers as a result
- There is more pressure put on internal hires/tenured employees because the ramp up time for new hires can be very slow.  It can seem like managers tell everyone that they are doing an awesome job, so employees feel there is no difference between those who do great work and those who are mediocre
Advice: Invest in professional growth, set your teams up for success, recognize your valued employees (and compensate them), and don't be afraid to "hurt feelings" when employees aren't doing their job
Pros: - Great culture; very open and collaborative, social activities, weekly beer carts, stocked kitchen, unique office
- Good benefits; 401k matching, discounted shares, 25 PTO days, etc.
- Good learning experience, especially for new grads. You will get to work with extremely intelligent people who are willing to help when they can. There are also opportunities to switch departments depending on what skills you've polished and where your interests are

Cons: Way too many managers across the company trying to prove they can "add value" by mandating you take training and certification tests on areas that have nothing to do with your job.
Even if you have a written bonus plan, don't expect the company to honor it.  If they think you've made enough money, they'll hold some back.
Very German culture - there is a process for everything and if you think you'll be able to get something done quickly, you're wrong.  The environment is extremely controlled in terms of time recording and expense processes.  
Very, very high pressure, high stress environment with a continuos focus on "flawless execution".  Should you fail to execute flawlessly, expect to spend a lot of time with your manager discussing your deficiencies.
Complete management focus on appearances, not results.
Arrogance towards customers, and an attitude that it's completely ok to mislead a prospect about details as long as you "tell a good story".
Advice: Ditch the time recording for Solution Advisors and Principals.  Everybody's faking the numbers anyway because you've been so explicit about how many hours a week need to be spent in front of customers, how many hours on education, how many hours on prospecting, how many hours on admin, how many hours on prep to sale....
Pros: It looks good on your resume.  If you are in a customer facing role, you will learn absolutely top notch demo and presentation techniques.

Cons: Like any big company, the organization can be difficult to navigate and at times it appears there is overlap between groups causing confusion.   I always look for peers that have been with the company 20+ years ( and there are a lot) to help with matrix navigation
Advice: None
Pros: I've been with SAP for 5 years and have nothing but great things to say about this company.  I've been in IT focused roles for 32 years as a PwC consultant, CIO, sales manager, partner manager and now a product manager, spanning five different companies.  After spending most of my career in management roles, I joined SAP as in individual contributor.  I've been amazed at how much they value my experience and work hard to ensure that I'm challenged and able to completely utilize my intellectual property for the company and our customers.  Unlike the last MAJOR global software company where I spent 13 years and was extremely political, discouraged individual contributors, and prided themselves on stress factor, SAP seems very focused on people, work-life balance, and a team culture.  I actually love going to work everyday and feel valued and appreciated which strengthens my  loyalty and dedication to this company.  Highly recommend.

Cons: The fact that a few seasoned leaders must re-assure a huge population of incredibly talented individuals that Silicon Valley is "relevant" and "important" to SAP, offers insight to the nature of the company.
Advice: get the culture under control.  start with yourselves.   A little humility goes a long way.   Stop building fiefdoms, and growing your board areas, and start focusing on delivering value.   The company is top down, so start with yourselves.  serve your internal and external customers not your own board areas.  Wake up, engage, stop the vanity metrics, and roll up your sleeves and make a difference by adding value and serving beyond your board area.
Pros: There are a handful of Palo Alto executives who are world class leaders.  smart people that understand technology, business, and enterprise software.  They also get Silicon Valley and understand which methodologies and innovations can and should be adapted and adopted into a huge, global, company.   That same handful strive to make SAP a great place to work while striving to make SAP SV (Silicon Valley) relevant.

Cons: Company values too much on employee tenure instead of merit.  Majority of the employees are lifer and their skills are not up to date yet they feel entitled because of their tenure and internal network.  Employees don't have input in decision making.  Internal food fight and politics.  Indian clique in R&D and boys club in sales and marketing in North America. Weak senior/middle management - throw team members under the bus, intimidate employees with punishment to teach them a lesson of obedience, empire building, fear based culture, no trust and transparency.  Too many re-orgs and senior management turn over.
Advice: I admire the executive leadership team however many of their initiatives and values are lost down the food chain because of many layers of incompetent senior/middle management.  Stop pushing half baked products to your customers.  HR leadership needs to step up and fix the hazing/punishment practices condoned by some managers.  Hire from outside so there's new perspective and fresh ideas. Diversity/inclusion is a culture not a slogan.  Go beyond fabricated numbers and really talk to your front line employees.
Pros: Global company, good ERP brand, flexible work schedule, strong executive leadership team

Cons: As I said, it's a fast-paced environment! On the Cloud side of the business, we have quarterly product releases. I'm a trainer/course developer and must be super-efficient when learning the new features and rolling-out updates to my courses every three months. Sometimes it does get stressful.
Advice: I appreciate that the SAP leadership keeps the company focused on cutting-edge technology and solutions that our customers need (even if they don't yet know they need it!) 
In a company with almost 100,000 employees, it's nearly impossible to get the right information to the right people in a timely way, but SAP does a pretty darn good job.
Pros: I love my job. My role is stimulating and fulfilling, and I get to work with a smart team and supportive managers. I work from home, and have flexibility in my schedule. It's a fast-paced environment, which I thrive on. I am very pleased with my salary and benefits and equipment. I feel that the company cares about me as a person, and I love the outreach that SAP and SAP's employees do for others in the world. I feel lucky to be part of this organization.

Cons: Concur's culture is going away since the acquisition with SAP. They are laying off or getting rid of roles to better align with SAP, but the amazing Concur people that have been there for years no longer have jobs and are being told to go find something else (writing on behalf of what I am seeing and not my own experience). My guess is that there will be an influx of Concur people that leave in the next 12 months if they haven't left already. Territories are getting smaller, quotas are going up but yet pay hasn't changed.
Advice: Really listen and pay attention to the Concur employees that have been there for years and make sure to hold onto some of the culture that Concur started with.  Consider revamping the pay grids as quotas continue to increase. 

Make sure when you are going to have a job opening... give everyone an opportunity to interview before making a decision. I have seen several people get promoted or move into other roles that pretty much received the role before the role was announced.
Pros: -People still love to use Concur
-The mobile app is amazing
-Concur is the forefront for SAP's cloud solutions

Cons: Constant and annoying reorganization. Promoting from within, and unfair/biased treatment towards those who are very attractive and (usually) female. Some upper management and VP's have such an over-inflated ego, and nothing seems to be done about it when it is painfully obvious to so many people. There is definitely an upper echelon of management here who are in effect an "inside ring"  of some corruption and although they try to pride themselves on transparency the truth is that they are anything but.  Also an extreme amount of outsourcing/contracting to India, which makes it much more difficult to work productively on a local team.
Advice: There is some serious work that needs to be done to make this company competitive and forward-thinking for it to survive the onslaught from Oracle and others. Stop outsourcing to India.
Pros: SAP was a good place to work in terms of the workplace environment. Many perks, like a gym, cafeteria, and a nice campus. They treated employees relatively well. Good salary and benefits, especially compared to others my age. Good philanthropic efforts.

Cons: If you are an experienced consulting sales rep and considering a job with SAP Services, I give you this advice:  SAP Services is quickly turning into a SUPPORT group.  It's capabilities, service offerings and resources have been decimated to the point where you will just sell SUPPORT services.  (Ask about "One Service"  or about the number of consultants employed year over year during your interview and listen carefully to the answer.)  

Despite what they tell you, the job is NOT a true Sales role.  You'll mostly be a flunky of the license reps who will favor external partners.   Your management will be powerless to support you, but will hold you accountable for their failed strategies.    Most of them have never been front line sales people. Many of them are buddies from past jobs at other companies.

Key to Success: If you you are a shameless self-promoting sycophant, you'll do well here. Your main sale will be to promote yourself to clueless management who assign accounts based on how much you kiss up to them.  ACCOUNT ASSIGNMENT WILL MAKE OR BREAK YOU.  Last year (2014) approx  10% of the Services reps made their quotas.  Good Luck!
Advice: This would be a waste of time.
Pros: Great products and brand recognition.

Cons: Half the time is lost in reorganization, strategy and turning away paying customers and chasing unicorns that do not exists. This is the same across our various units in different regions - Walldorf, Bangalore, US and Canadian offices.

Unfortunately, there is so much marketing hype, its now overwhelming for engineering! There is clearly a lack of direction and I am afraid we are running of the rails. We lost skillful experts through various cost cutting measures for bad executive decisions in different waves. Unless there is some serious introspection and course correction...I don’t see our company continuing to be a force in the enterprise business space beyond 2025!
Advice: We need to build good software that offers complete business functions with incremental changes that are innovative. Unfortunately, we are too caught up in being innovative and broadening the breath of our solution that we are losing sight of what made us a successful company! Maybe it’s time that we bring an engineer up the organization to fix this mess before it’s too late
Pros: Nice place to learn what you should never do if you have a chance to run a company. There are tons of constantly evolving initiatives to follow the hype curves and few very experienced and skillful people mostly in Germany from whom you can learn a lot!

Cons: Your experience will vary based on the department for which you work.  Some are very well managed and value employees, giving them freedom to implement new ideas while maintaining consistent goals and appropriate direction.  Others are very poorly managed, seemingly providing misdirection to their workers and making every task much more difficult then it need be.  

There is also the issue of internal politics.  Don't take on a management role unless you are ready to spend 95% of your time playing this game.
Advice: More entrepreneurial spirit, fewer road blocks.  Set annual goals at a more granular level so that employees know what is expected.  Develop real metrics for management staff so those that are hurting the organization can be identified, retrained or dismissed.
Pros: this large, global software company is a great place to learn.  Many internal groups offer everything from technical development positions through sales, marketing, consulting and training.  A global work force brings top talent from around the world together.  In any given day you can be talking with colleagues and customers from multiple countries.

Cons: *"Cold" calling
*Change - lots of moving parts/goals/objectives at times 
*Relationships with sales partners (RSE's) can be challenging
Advice: Keep up the good work!

I've been at SAP Concur for a little over a year now. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend a family member or friend for a job here. The MDR role itself is a challenging role, one that requires a thick skin and the ability to not get rattled by the inevitable "No's" that come with the territory. Being a successful MDR has ability to set you up for the next step in your professional career. The leaders I have had the opportunity to work under/for/with have been fantastic. My career so far has been one highlighted by those same leaders constantly challenging &amp; encouraging me in order to bring out successes that I didn't believe I was capable of. I know I'm forever grateful for my time in the MDR organization.
Pros: *Lack of micro-management
*Pay - Base + Commission
*Benefits, PTO, sick time, etc.
*Strong culture, employees on the floor really enjoy being around each other - in/out of office
*Supportive leadership - both direct and Director level
*Career growth opportunities
*Recognition, awards, incentives

Cons: - Adding layers upon layers of complexity and personnel, overlapping sales teams
- Poor direction related to sales coverage, meaning confusing face presented to customer
- Management often focuses on activity rather than purely results - quantitative rather than qualitative
- Some baffling hiring decisions, resulting in VERY inexperienced and/or external people getting management positions based upon ...?
- Abuse of flexibility - some people come in and out all day then leave at 2 in the afternoon?
- Career advancement can be quite difficult - lots of different groups but very hard to move from one to another (marketing to sales, sales to operations, etc)
Advice: Enable more collaboration and career opportunities between organizations and regions - there are many talented and driven people within SAP who want to advance into different roles but silos prevent them from pursuing outside of their initial position.  Reward based on quality not quantity.
Pros: - Benefits are generous
- Compensation for a non-direct sales role is good
- Many smart and capable people
- Community outreach and volunteerism
- Industry leader and broad portfolio to pitch

Cons: Erratic changes leading to morale issues.  
Top executives fleeing.  They can not keep a cloud leader for more than 6 months
Many people are leaving and finding better comp and opportunties elsewhere.  
Company is in serious transition and unfortunately that is pushing good talent out.  
Inside Sales leadership in both Vancouver and Scottsdale needs a major overhaul.  Running the place like it is 2005.  Instead of fixing it the attitude is if you do not like it leave.
High School like clique in Scottsdale.
Advice: Take a hard look at the Inside Sales business model and make improvements.  If not, you will continue to lose people to your competitors.  Show value to SAP instead of using the ISE's to be assistants to the AE.  You bring people from other companies where they are sales reps and try to turn them into lead generation.

Right now the Inside Sales org is basically a training center for other positions and mainly third party companies benefit.
Pros: Great logo for your career.
Very smart and great people overall.

Cons: Weak HR management in implementing immigration policies for top talents combined with poorly experienced immigration lawyers, promotions are dependent only on the personal wishes of a manager irrespective of real performance display, long and painful approval processes, over emphasis on online learning and lack of personal touch, recent departure of several key players from leadership roles.
Advice: Top recommendation would be to find better lawyers for the international immigration process as the current team is inexperienced in handling time sensitive and complex cases ( and that goes beyond one individual employee alone). Device a flexible performance appraisal process that considers extra ordinary circumstances for individual resources rather than a one size fits all approach. Create a redressal mechanism for employees to express discontent with employee manager relationship without the fear of retaliation and adverse consequences.
Pros: International workforce, the pride of working with the most impactful company in the enterprise space, market rate compensation, generous vacation policy and benefits, free lunch, gym on premise at large offices, recent innovation in game changing technology, good top management, great logistics and transition process for international transfers

Cons: - Working outside of the main office in Germany can feel like being a 2nd class citizen at times, where we are shut out from decision making and given less interesting work to do
- There is a trend in the company to build open floor plan offices without even cubicle walls. Developers are largely introverts working on tasks that require total concentration for hours at a time. It should be obvious that the open floor plan is a DISASTER for this kind of employee. It's hard to estimate precisely, but my productivity has dropped to probably 30% of what it was in a cubicle. Imagine the overall impact on employee morale, as well as the bottom line when you need to hire 3 people to do 1 person's job in this kind of environment.
Advice: Stop building new open floor plan offices for developers. Convert the existing ones back to cubicles. Better yet, give each Scrum Team their own large office that they can customize to their needs. Please!
Pros: - SAP treats its employees like human beings, not like batteries to be drained
- Lots of opportunities for training and advancement
- Good quality of life and relatively low stress

Cons: No real structure or discipline in how things were done. So when results were not met, there would be a reorganization, usually every 6 months. We were an acquisition so after a few years in these reorganizations they systematically moved  out the people who knew about the business and brought in the SAP lifers. Then they moved everyone under them on and brought in their buddies. The new senior managers would make arbitrary decisions on who the managers under them should be. It happened at least 6 times  in 3 years. The people working for the managers were way more qualified for the jobs, but not one of those positions were ever advertised. The management style was abusive, highly political, and no interest in developing employees.
Advice: Invest in educating employees on what the selling model is. Leave the managers in place long enough to be able to evaluate talent. Develop leaders properly and teach them to operate to the companies values. Manage change correctly.
Pros: Pay was excellent, benefits were good, flexibility in working remotely, good CEO. Had 6 bosses in 3 years.

Cons: Training and mentoring have always been mentioned for growth, but most the time it is a learn as you go.  This makes you a follower, as you end up 'following the others' and makes it more difficult to be a true leader.
Advice: First thank you for the opportunity to work for a great company, I truly do enjoy working at SAP!

If I had to provide a request for improvement,  get the mentoring program more open and available.  I love the fact SAP has spent so much with mentoring women and growing their skills, but there are still men who are capable and would like to see a diverse mentoring program that can really elevate the company to the next level!
Pros: I am a  Senior Lead Software Engineer for the EIM team for the Server component of SAP Data Service and SAP Information Steward products.  I have the opportunity to train and mentor junior engineers to help increase their skill set.  

SAP also has some of the best benefit packages I have seen, sure we could always ask for more but those would be trivial items and not really needed.

Cons: SAP is big, and moves slow. 
Change is managed by huge teams, with an emphasis on 'manage', not getting it done.  
At least in the US, SAP embraces the hire/fire mentality: if a team becomes obsolete in the eye of a VP, there's no support for individual team members to find alternative positions within the company: no matter how experienced, talented and skilled these people are, how long they have been with the company.  No sanity check by HR. As a result, loyalty is heavily affected, especially among the younger generations.
Advice: Take care of your talent.
Pros: SAP is big, and will stick around.
Much depends on the manager: does she / he take care of the team members, or strictly manage up for own career goals. I have experienced both, and if you are lucky, this will be a great company to work for.
The company's willingness to move to cloud is there, with considerable investment to implement change: which is amazing to observe and be part of.

In general, the US offices are good facilities to work, working from home is mostly not an issue.

Cons: There are many breaks because of the nature of the high tech industry and our competitive posture.  There are also not many women in high tech, so for me (a woman), it's hard to progress to higher levels of the organization. Also, sometimes because of the rapid pace of delivery, the left hand and the right hand don't realize that they are working at odds or redundantly. That's a pet peeve of mine.
Advice: Keep working on the women in management initiative, but go deeper in the topic. You need women on the board and in senior management who think differently to the men so that you get the value of diverse thinking in SAP strategy. If you only keep people who think like men, you lose the benefit.
Pros: SAP is a great place to work. The strategy is clear and it's working. The company focuses on making it's customers, partners and employees successful. The people are top notch. For my role, there is a lot of flexibility to be able to determine how, where and when I work. I feel like I can make a positive difference in the world working for SAP.

Cons: This is a Software company that is focused only on license sales...even though it pulls in more revenue from Services.   The "mothership" Corporate HQ in Germany tries to push European values and work practices on employees.
Advice: When everyone is in charge, no one is in charge.    Too many inexperienced young people who all have different bosses.  This allows these overpriced wonderkund to pursue their personal agendas and not focus on getting the company into the Managed Services market that it needs to be in to compete.    Also, it's time to "honestly" develop "Trusted Agent" relationships with customers and move away from pure ERP Sales.  Sales force has to be restructured to support the Managed Services market.  BTW, your Customer base doesn't really want HANA, particularly S/4, because they don't want to pay your high license fees and do a complete Re-implementation. Fix your product! Meaning S/4 HANA!
Pros: Name recognition when dealing with Professionals.
Decent benefits.  Decent attempt to create Work/Life balance for employees.  They treat you as an adult when you attend industry events and submit travel expenses.  Always willing to support training.

Cons: There are two challenge areas that I've found, and neither are insurmountable.  First, it's a huge organization, so learning my way around "the matrix" took time.  Fortunately, I was given ample time to ramp up in my role, so although daunting, the matrix can be conquered.
Advice: Keep it up!  You've created a great organization and culture at SAP.
Pros: I've never worked for another company that values their employees the way SAP does.  The culture is welcoming, supportive, and collaborative, and the calibre of brainpower and talent  at SAP exceeds any other organization I've known.  There are numerous succession paths (which I have been encouraged to explore), and SAP truly supports career progression.   SAP also places enormous value on humanistic values, and leads initiatives - both internal and external - to promote diversity, equality, and education both in their own workforce and around the globe.  Additionally, SAP encourages innovation across the business, regardless of role - there are no "bad ideas" and all are encouraged to try new ways of doing things.   I love my job, my team and the company.

Cons: Can be hard to transfer internally due to hiring freezes
Too many decisions (hiring, giving away tickets to SAP Center) are made based on who you know
Technology lags in some areas, SAP tends to be very slow to innovate
Slow moving in general
Very bureaucratic with layers of management and multiple teams doing overlapping work
Management can be arrogant - twice my team has been reorganized with new management over the last three years and both times the new Group VP came in and totally trashed anything and everything we had done previously (ah, not very motivating!)
Advice: We often hear the company can't afford it - whether that means a travel request or investment in a needed product area.  Make some tough decisions on old products and cut out the many, many layers of stuff we don 't need (internal communications, newsletters, special web sites, etc.) and spend money where you need to!
Pros: If you need to make your own schedule this is an awesome place to work
SAP compensates individual contributors well - you can make good money without having to manage a team
Free, healthy lunches in multiple cafes on Palo Alto campus

Cons: If compared to other campuses like Apple, VM Ware, the facilities seem old. Limited career  opportunities for young and old. Too much focus on cost savings. Volunteer matching program got removed. Long time employees are getting afraid of paying the bill for Germany's  employment protection laws. Still too much control from headquarter in Germany.
Advice: Allow to hire young people. Upgrade the campus in Palo Alto (all buildings, not only Deer Creek)Look at the new VM Ware campus across the street in Palo Alto with coffee shops etc. We still have middle managers who should not be there. Some long time very skilled employees get frustrated by hitting a glass ceiling both career and salary wise. Management should think of alternative benefits to attract young and old. For example: College assistant program (for newly grads to pay back the debt, for the older to save for their children). Additional options to save for retirement. Job rotation program for new college grads. Better dental insurance for the older employees.
Pros: Overall good work environment.  Flexible work hours. Great team spirit when in front of a customer. Great product, HANA is changing the industry.

Cons: Low pay. Doesn't match 401Ks. And after a while you realize management doesn't care about you  really, which became even more prevalent with the SAP acquisition. Nobody knows what's going on there after the purchase. Nobody knows if they're going to hire 300 more people, fire 300 using arbitrary rules that were instituted after the acquisition rather than give severance and down size, or really anything. I mean some people don't even know what their official title is anymore. Also there's this really passive aggressive war between Professional Services and Account Services, which just stifles collaboration and fixing the stuff that's wrong.
Advice: I dunno. Reevaluate your lives and decide if you want to be corporate bureaucrats for a giant German company who's CEO has a quote from Bono on the back of his ghost written biography? Or, like, treat people better? Maybe try not instituting rules, then dropping them, then adding new ones seemingly monthly? Maybe don't have managers passive aggressively fight over people who have been promoted or moved to a different department.
Pros: Free Drinks. Very casual. Promotes from within generally.

Cons: This is a big place with lots of people. Organizations are complex and there's a lot of overlap. It can be hard to operate across organizational lines when you aren't even sure which organizations do what and owns what. It can feel like you're working within an amorphous blob that can only roll uphill or downhill. 

In addition the compensation strategy is poor. This is a sales driven company, everyone else is treated like "everyone else". Promotions are driven by "who's next in line" vs "who's deserving". Since compensation isn't driven by performance, they do try to be creative about finding other means to promote performance but those efforts generally fall flat and they themselves are funded enough to meet the demand. 

The compensation culture incentives position movement (even lateral ones) rather than performance to increase your compensation.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a big place, sometimes there's literally a job for every little task that can be thought of. If you are great at networking and self-promoting you could move around quite a bit within the company. There's a lot of fringe benefits and learning opportunities that are offered. Some are good for development and some are good for a nice distraction to your day to day.

Cons: - Pay isn't good. In the lesser side of the bay area margin.
- WLB is ok I guess. As in any other company in the bay area.
- Lot of politics around. Good idea to shut up and do your work wearing headphones.
- The company doesn't seem to be doing so well. I am seeing less money being spent on employee engagement. We used to have monthly outing and stuff a few years ago but now its once in like 4-5 months. SAP normally has a yearly outing to great america but they even cancelled that this year saying they need money for "processing other employees green card". I mean who says that ? That was so bizarre. We got some horrible food trucks where it took my 2 hours to get a small slider I am not even kidding. Overall with the recent layoffs and other small things going on here and there I am not very sure about the future about this company and looks like a sinking ship.
Advice: None
Pros: - Free Lunch and Recently added complimentary breakfast
- Amazing campus around palo alto 
- Good atmosphere and freedom for developers to use latest technologies to do their job
- Learning new stuff

Cons: Incredibly arrogant, Highly political, "Old Boys" network . Culture is highly corrupt and underhanded. SAP is the most corrupt company in the software business. An incredible amount of customers are in "escalation" in other words they have failed implementations on their hands. The legacy SAP products take years and millions and millions of dollars to implement - and they still don't work as described in the demos. The user interface is something out of the 1980's. If you come in from the outside and question the status quo, you are labeled a malcontent.  SAP Executives are shuffled from job to job within Newtown Square as part of the "old boys club". It is a very hostile work environment for women and minorities.
Advice: Survey current employees and former employees who have joined the company over the last 2 years in senior positions and have subsequently left. 90% of those employees currently at the Senior VP and Executive VP level in the US do not have any idea how to run the businesses that they are assigned to. They cultivate a hostile and abusive environment to attempt to mask their limitations. Most of these resources need to be let go, and most will have trouble finding future employment....they are that bad.
Pros: SAP is an Incredibly resource rich company from a cash perspective. The pay is great and the benefits are top of the line

Cons: With so much content available to leverage, they need an improved internal search mechanism.  They do have one, and it's effective, but it could be better, perhaps leverage more filters and attributes....given how much content there is.  This is the only think I can think of, and it's nit picking.
Advice: Please do follow through on making travel employees accommodated until such a time as an effective covid 19 immunization is widely distributed to the masses.
Pros: Values employees, their needs, opinions, safety, career growth, needs, family life balance.  
Great benefits.  Good compensation.  Incredible on-boarding program.  Great communication both from upper management and immediate management.  Overall, I am blown away.  Covid 19 wise, again the company has employee safety  at heart.   For those with high risk, I believe they will work with employees who have travel requirements, in order to stay safe until immunizations exist.  Very impressive.  The amount of content available to employees borders on overwhelming, there is so much available to educate, prepare and enrich employee knowledge.  They even have formal programs for finding  mentors, coaches and peer interactions.  I could go on and on.  Great company.

Cons: Once you joined in a position and most importantly salary range, it is significantly tougher to make salary jumps as opposed when you join externally. Guess this is the flip side of the coin, where hierarchies are rather flat so there is limited opportunities for growth in the classical management carreer path, even though SAP offers expert carreer pathes and project management carreer pathes to compensate for this. Outside recognition of those titles though is awkward for interaction with customers. 
It is a very much consensus driven company which at times hinders fast paced innovation, creating internal competition rather than the best possible synergetic approaches
Advice: Draft internal talent more effectively
Pros: You can really make things happen here. Rather flat hierarchies, very globally oriented company with loads of very smart people. Senior management is very accessible and it is a very stable employer who really protects their employees. Given the international setup there are a lot of opportunities to travel, work in intercultural setups, work accross different time zones and interaction between employees is very informal. Flexible work time agreements, generous vacation packages even in the US, possibilities to explore different carreer pathes. It is the leader in business applications and tends to make the right decisions.

Cons: I was with Sybase prior to the SAP acquisition.  This was the Sybase Corporate office and we were "the center of the universe" as far as the company was concerned.  SAP is headquartered in Germany so we are now on the very edge of the universe as far as the company is concerned and it was very difficult to get put on any meaningful projects.  The company is also going through a major change in that they're moving more to the cloud which means less IT staff is needed.  The combination of these two scenarios caused our entire 8 man team to be terminated after 14 or 15 ears of working at Sybase/SAP.
Advice: When SAP acquired Sybase we were told by upper SAP management that they did not acquire companies and terminate many employees  like Oracle does.  They did it any way.  Advice... get all of your skilled resources involved in meaningful work ASAP after acquisitions.
Pros: There are a lot of very talented people that work in the Dublin, CA office.  Pay is good and there is opportunity to learn different skills... HANA, Business Warehouse and front end tools in my case.

Cons: it is to bad that if you don't fall into the right click you are an outsider...the Exec Adm staff have too much power...so you pray that they like you if not your life will be a living hell. It could be a great company and great to work for if they only treated and respected everyone.
getting a rasie was a joke....but as long as upper managmenet got their $$$ then life was good
Since you have to spend so much time at your work...it should be a some what pleasent experience...and yes you will have bumps along the way...but..this road is not even paved
I could go on and on...but what is the point..it well never change...they big dogs are making big $$$ on the backs of the everday employees....
Advice: All I can say is you need to treat all your employees like you like to be treated...and stop with all the lies...about more $$$ and promotions...that will never happen unless you like them or they fit into the click....one day you will know what this feels like....it will come around sooner or later that i KNOW
Pros: It has a lot of potential to learn a lot regarding the software

Cons: Travel became impossible when my Dad got sick.  As a result of my stress, I also became ill.  No support to reduce level of travel required to help me help my parents.  I left because work/balance became impossible in my situation.  Not sure if they could have done anything - would require rework of communication structure between managers and HR.  I could not find a non-travel position that would allow me to stay in the company and didn't have a contact that I remember to ask in HR about it.
Advice: Would love to return to SAP, but would need a position with little travel while I am caring for my Mom.  Not sure if they would have me back because of my situation. Dig deeper into ways to manage work/life balance to keep people from leaving.
Pros: Great knowledgeable colleagues.  Really nice people to work with. Very professional.  Also considerate of customer needs.  Always strive to enable their people to be their best.  Great self training available.  Good benefits.  Take good care of consultants. I have always been very impressed and pleased with Bill McDermott's leadership.  Also, his admin always responds to emails from employees.

Cons: Focus on quarterly number is too short sighted. Being in sales leadership has become a horrible place to be. We are supposed to "lead and inspire" our people but are given nothing to do so. Wake up...good leaders are leaving every day. Management pay is not compelling (as if your whole team is not producing you are unlikely to hit bonus). Even if you do they might apply a funding factor to find a way not to pay you.
Advice: SAP still can be a great place but the foundation of what made it great (employee and customer first) with profits a close second is rotting away. Also need more career options for Sales leadership. These positions grind good leaders down after a certain time period (due to culture mentioned above). SAP is a complex place and experienced leaders are hard to find. Don't let them walk out the door...
Pros: Good company with a nice product portfolio. If they stay focused on employees and customer and not just the "quarterly number" they have a chance to continue to grow and stay a viable company. Good benefits. If in the right group, good people.

Cons: It's a large 40+ year old  software company and that comes with legacy headaches; change is happening but it doesn't happen overnight.
Advice: Continue to bet on growth markets like healthcare but that also means adapting to new business models for pricing and partnering. Streamline the product offerings and focus on what we are great at. Let's not try to build everything just because we can or at least think we can. Let's work to adjust the cultural to the glass is always half full mindsets. I find that there are a lot of folks that try to tell me why not to do something or why something can't be done or why we should focus on this deal over another deal because of so and so reasons. In a start-up environment, folks run hard and hit all sorts of walls and learn from failures. We need to encourage run simple, run hard, and it's OK to fail but fail fast kind of attitudes in our workforce, at least in my humble opinion.
Pros: I am around smart people trying to solve real issues. The organization is not caught up in the fluff pieces.

Cons: Performance expectations are at times crushingly high.  There are never enough hours in the day, and most at SAP would acknowledge that work/life balance is a challenge.  SAP is not for everyone, especially anyone who struggles with constant change and cycles of uncertainty.
Advice: Continue driving process improvement, particularly speed of internal processes.  The new focus on simplification is overdue but very welcome.  Push for more diversity at the top.
Pros: SAP is a fast-moving culture where we are pushed to stretch our limits, demonstrate our strengths, and overcome our weaknesses.  The best thing about the SAP culture is its generosity - both in the accessibility of its leaders to guide and support, and in its long-standing commitment to corporate social responsibility.  Also, the company never stands still - when others in the industry are scaling back, SAP is driving toward growth through innovation.  It's an exciting environment to work in day to day. You are surrounded by some of the smartest people in the industry, many of whom will welcome you to their dialogues and initiatives.

Cons: Concur is the 800lb gorilla in the room and continues to be the market leader in the Travel &amp; Expense software.  Innovation and product improvements are the two areas that need more focus, but changing such a massive cloud based software product that is used by millions daily around the globe is a challenge, but they're making strides. SAP is one of the top 4 ERP and Business Suites giants in the world, but "Running Simple" is sometimes the hardest part of using SAP products.
Advice: Continue to innovate and change the landscape before it changes you.
Pros: Working at SAP Concur has been the most rewarding and fulfilling career opportunity I could have hoped for during my career building years (28 - 34+). I've been part of Concur pre-acquisition and post-acquisition (SAP) and the culture has not changed even in the slightest. The work-life balance, focus on health and wealth,  individual career and personal growth, and the complete buy-in from leadership has not changed. SAP is an amazing  global organization that does the right things and takes care of their people.

Cons: - I feel like it's a bit political sometimes... just a bit, but it's ok. Even Google is political (don't be surprised!) It happened everywhere and you need to learn how to deal with it.
Advice: Keep the team
Pros: - It has all the corporate benefit, but the team is super active
- They are hiring a lot of fresh grads! This is great opportunity so YOUNG PEOPLE, JOIN THE COMPANY NOW! Great career opportunity for you

I just joined a team and all my teammates are fresh grads. At the same time I got opportunity to work with VP together, and the VP guy is super nice and knowledgable. I feel very happy about this whole team culture (while I can work together with teammates on similar age, I still get mentored and discussing with Senior/VP level people easily.

AWESOOOOOME WORK LIFE BALANCE! wfh Fridays/meetings at Palo Alto office(where they got AWESOME cafe and other great stuff!

On my day 1 I met a guy who also choose to leave Amazon's Seattle office to come here. He said this company is much better on every level, benefits/work life balance/etc.

Cons: Simple...Management in the Scottsdale office. They ask us to run deals as if we were in the field and then reward us with scavenger hunts. Morale is so bad, yet management thinks nothing is wrong and continues to go to lunch with each other and hang out on the weekend and attend each other's weddings. Describing management as delusional would be a compliment. If you come to work at SAP...don't go to Scottsdale.
Advice: This only applies to Scottsdale. There are good people in this office and you are treating them poorly. If you want them to focus more on the dials to find business rather than dials for job interviews elsewhere, you need to think more strategically to motivating your employees. Even the newer people are getting a bad impression early on from the negativity coming from tenured reps.
Pros: 1. Well-known in IT industry 2. Free lunch program 3. Lots of tools for personal development 4. Smart people to network with.

Cons: It All Depends....on who you are working for, what group and if you don't see your job change every year do the continuous reorganizations.  If you want the work/life balance most o us do that's fine....just be prepared to party with the key management folks weekly or you will be on the outside looking in due to the high level of office politics.  Products are very expensive and many often wonder it they are worth it.  Many companies have spent millions on SAP software; have they received the ROI/Benefits promised?  Perhaps some have but many have not.  Many other choices out there with similar functionality for a fraction if the cost.  SHOP AROUND!!!  And if your company somehow gets out of compliance with the terms of your agreement the SAP software compliance police will be out to get you every quarter/year.  And you don't want to have that discussion!
Advice: How about respecting employees that don't "drink the Koolaid" and put SAP above God, Family and Country???? How about less politics and more advancement through results and abilities versus who drinks with the bosses evert week?
Pros: Large product set that can be sold into many vertical markets.

Cons: The company's global nature leads to frequent virtual meetings, with few in-person meetings based on your location. If you want more in-person interaction, you need to go to the office. Yet sometimes the office isn't heavily trafficked, depending on the location. This is usually mitigated by travel to meet your team at events throughout the year.
Advice: Keep up the great work. Your investments in your people will continue to have a high ROI and differentiate SAP from its competitors.
Pros: SAP's management understands that employees work harder when they feel valued and empowered.  Management truly believes in SAP's mission as a purpose-driven organization and encourages employees to bring their whole selves to work. 

SAP also promotes work-life balance. The company's global nature creates an environment where your work product speaks for itself, not the hours of face time you put in at the office. Accordingly, most employees can easily work without any negative consequences or judgement. This is great for working parents and other employees who value the flexibility to create their own schedules.

Cons: 1. SAP varies the benefits it offers its employees based on geography. Employees in the US, for example, get significantly less paid parental leave than those in Europe. 
Ex. In Europe, the *minimum* a new mother can take is 15 weeks, and she can take up to 26. In the US, the *maximum* is 12 weeks. 

For a company that talks a lot about taking care of its employees, it seems somewhat hypocritical to treat them all differently, working within the minimum guidelines laid down by law. 

2. Internal raises and salary increases are fairly stagnant. Practically the only way to get a significant raise within SAP is to get a new job in a different department. This is awful, because then those with much higher expertise and product knowledge just... leave. Regular actual raises for increased expertise and product knowledge would save SAP a fortune in hiring and training newbies, as well as improve employee morale and help retain good workers.
Advice: 1. Regular raises to employees
2. Better benefits
Pros: Genuinely fosters a sense of caring about employees
Great company culture
Fairly competitive salaries
Good benefits

Cons: Poor/hostile relations between teams on separate sites
Too much reinventing the wheel - groups have no idea what tools, libraries, functionality have already been written in house
Long process for using OSS (GPL not allowed) in projects
Management does whatever it thinks best without asking employees
Management is trying to do more with less employees and work-life balance suffers
Management jerks teams around. They give you a project then transfer it away then assign another and then transfer it away.  That does wonders for morale.
Everything moves very slowly.  Adoption of new technology and methodology is years behind.
Advice: Get the engineering org to catalog existing functionality. It isn't good when a group is OEMing a competitors solution when there is an in house one they don't even know exists.
Address morale problems
Move organization toward quicker technology adoption and allow time for employee innovation.
Pros: Lots of friendly and competent people to work with
There are some interesting technical problems to solve (if you can get on one of those projects)
The benefits are good.

Cons: Organic innovation is very slow, unless it comes top-down from Hasso or the board. Executive board is largely organized functionally (vs. BU) tailored to board member's abilities, not suitable for a company this side. Great ideas from the bottoms-up almost impossible to realize, even those that get early traction in the market. Most new revenue is through M&A. Highly matrixed organization, especially GCO. General managers closer to the market have little influence on product direction and priorities. Development (except acquired businesses) mostly centralized or influenced from Germany and is often out of touch with the market. Many "me too" products that are late to market, many wasteful use of development resources not assigned to products.
Advice: You are too big for a functional structure at the board level. You need empowered BUs that have key functions as part of them and can act with agility. Implement "Run Simple" by simplifying your organization structures. Actively (not just lip service) support more bottoms-up innovation.
Pros: Large global company, exposure to world wide businesses, cultures. Visibility to broad industry trends. Loyal ERP customers.

Cons: 1. This place lives on Powerpoint to create vaporware and feel-good status reports.  They rarely spend time with customers, just management consultants and their own internal beliefs.  Status reports are always biased towards "green lights" as they move up the management chain.
2. Being in a staff role reporting into a group in Walldorf.  It is too easy to become detached and forgotten.  And all things "invented in Walldorf" are deemed better.
Advice: 1. Stop listening to mid-level managers providing you "strategy" and "guidance".
2. Measure management on producing real results that customers (& partners) care about.
3. Pay attention to what the competition has already achieved, versus the grandiose plans mid-level management recommends.
Pros: 1. Previously, because it was easy to develop yourself by moving to a new role within the company; that is currently severely restricted.  
2. They care about their employees... Let's see how they adhere to this in 2009.
3. The pay is generous given the low workload.

Cons: There is a lot of leadership changes going on constantly, which is both good and bad. Good if you’re in sales or product building since you can climb the ladder. Bad because it creates a lot of confusion on the teams doing actual work, and definitely makes it harder to be strategic.
Advice: SAP really needs to adopt a cloud software culture quickly where the feedback loops from voice of customer to production releases are cycling on time scales of months, not years. The competition is stiff with top cloud-native enterprise vendors offering more integrated portfolios of products. SAP needs to accelerate to maintain a position of strength.
Pros: This is one of the premier organizations when it comes to enterprise software sales execution. I joined SAP from a startup software product management and business development background specifically to learn and become GTM at scale, and become part of a team-based selling culture that executes deals at scale across all industries. There are many roles for one to learn and play. The culture work-life balance, and benefits are amazing.

Cons: As time went on, the American corporate greed really started showing its ugly face to the employees. While the financial growth of the company was in double digits every quarter and year to year, the employee benefits swiftly went down from good to neutral to poor. The C-Level bonuses went up and so is the incompetence and cronyism. Though the company preaches training, self improvement, family time etc for well rounded life, it is never practiced. Your training time will not be counted for productivity and so is your vacation. As an employee to get good bonus you almost have to kill yourself working. One of the biggest con is the bonus calculations. You are never told how your bonus was calculated.
Advice: The middle and upper management should be open in announcing their salaries and bonuses and let the employees know the formula for employee bonuses.
Pros: When I started early this decade, it still had the European impact and the employee benefits were very good. The SAP application platform still is still a very good product.

Cons: - At times the sales floor could be gossipy and felt like high school all over again
- The competition is cheaper and at this point probably as good of a product if not better
- Once SAP took over, key leaders left, some whom made a huge impact on the culture
- Territory can be good or very bad 
- Little or no diversity on the sales floor
Advice: Bring back the culture Concur was known for with inspiring leaders. Make it one product instead of Professional and Standard. Hire more diversity on the sales floor. Thank you for the opportunity!
Pros: - Work-life balance... need a day away from the office? No problem.
- Earning potential (base could be a bit higher though)
- Tools available to succeed (software, territory partners, director, solutions consultant)
- End of month/quarter energy and excitement 
- Solution consultants are very helpful and knowledgeable 
- Plenty of coffee and drinks in the kitchen, lunch provided for most days during the last week of the quarter
- Directors want you to succeed and are willing to help out in any way

Cons: To complex, to much infighting and not enough people actually care about anything other than themselves
clearly 2nd class to certain regional employee base
No clear path to upward mobility unless you befriend someone who has headcount
Too many fiefdoms which just create layers and complexity and don't drive much of anything
HR can move you at any time under new management or new role.
Too many baby boomers who are insecure about losing job or territory. Will play political games and push younger team members down
Not a market leader as it thinks and customer lock- in is changing
Advice: Stop finding all yes people and promote people based on merit not based on attrition and time served. If you want to find the best and brightest, then go to where they are not just rehash the same ex-employees who left for more money before.
Pros: A good play to settle down
decent money and perks 
many people on easy street so if you want to slow down this place is for you

Cons: Even though SAP has a great deal of positive energy, there are many people in the company who take advantage of it. Layers of mid-level management which do nothing but talk. I have seen many of them who have been here for years and do a lot of talking but deliver nothing useful to customers. CTO & leadership have a vision and SAP needs to cut all the layers of fat & create flat hierarchy of engineers to deliver the vision.
Advice: When someone starts talking, stop them and ask them to show what/when they will deliver. Talk to them about the results after they have delivered and give them constructive feedback.
Pros: Good executive management that cares about the employees. Management is transparent to its employees. There are a bunch of people in the company who want to take on challenges & want to make a difference in the industry. The CTO of the company is a good leader with qualities needed to make SAP competitive.

Cons: Then SAP bought SF.... The fun and exciting culture was slowly replaced by management that didn't give .02 cents to what employees think and the sales teams were incentivized to fight each other for a sale. The compensation was lowered to the point where I couldn't afford to work there anymore and who would want to anyway because there was no training or incentives to excel. The managers who were promoted because they were good at sales had no management experience and had no idea how to lead or manage teams. I couldn't find the exit door fast enough! 
But this is what happens when a giant company buys the market leader and tries to cut operating costs and fit it under the umbrella of the parent. There might be as many as 5 people left from pre acquisition, but probably less...
Advice: Send your managers to training! Change the ways you incentivize so people can actually make money. Encourage your people to work in teams. Build a culture because there is none.
Pros: Pre acquisition the company was awesome. Lars was an inspirational leader and made some great kool aid! Compensation was great, culture was the best I've ever experienced and there was no negativity in the workplace.

Cons: Not much stock options or opportunities for large bonuses for newcomers. The 401k plan could be better. Campus in SV is huge so hiking across buildings during hot days is rough, but they do offer a shuttle. Gym isn't that nice.
Advice: Keep up the relatable personalities and continue to invest in the younger crowd. Managers seem to give great advice. Also get a better gym on campus!
Pros: Offers great benefits that match most companies in Silicon Valley and lunch is free! Management supports newcomers very well and make them feel appreciated. Executive is very fun to listen to and some personalities are relatable, especially after reading Bill McDermott's book. Compensation is generally above average.  The company is very fast paced at least in the SV location so you get to learn a lot. Company parties are very well planned also.

Cons: SAP is a premier employer and  making great strides to attract the best and the brightest.  This in turn fosters an extremely competitive environment which can be conducive to burn out.
Advice: Find the balance between great expectations and allowing room for failure that does not stifle teams from experimenting with new ideas and taking calculated risks.  Also recognizing the need to match the passion for work with the ability to take time off or allow decompression time.
Pros: SAP has enabled me to have the flexibility to get my job done with a flexible schedule in terms of both location and timing.  In other words, I get my job done working where I need to and when I need to.  

As well, SAP demonstrated a lot of integrity by allowing me to move to a new position when I encountered health issues that required a less stressful environment.

Finally, I appreciate that I can be honest about my work requirements and that SAP has been honest with me about what options are available.

Cons: Booted Jen Morgan in favor of a German CEO. Feels hypocritical to tout diversity and inclusion as a key value in SAP, then find an excuse to push out one of the most qualified businesswoman in the world. If the board didn't want co-CEOs, then why did they agree to it in the first place? Massive loss to SAP.
Advice: Don't get rid of your most qualified, most liked leaders.
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance. I love the focus on diversity and inclusion in the company. Truly felt like a global company, until the board ousted Jen Morgan.
The stock program, OwnSAP, is a great value for employees. You can contribute up to 10% of each paycheck to the program and SAP will match 40% of what you contribute (up to some ceiling). The stock immediately vests, so if even you don't want to invest in SAP you can immediately sell it and essentially increase your salary by 4% for free.

Cons: Lots of red tape trying to do simple things like ordering a docking station for a laptop - can take MONTHS! Some real jerks in middle management from acquisitions. User interfaces of SAP software are unbelievably bad - can't take much pride in them and there's lots of frustration when using the stuff yourself. Underlying architecture stable but arcane - you will likely find yourself porting your 21st century code to something akin to Windows 3.1 after encountering the laughable attitude that "if you follow good engineering hygiene you should have no problem adhering to the requirements."
Advice: Thank you for aggressively and conservatively dealing with the economic downturn starting in September 2008. Keep being honest with your employees. Challenge overly authoritative, defensive, or hierarchical managers and architects or you'll have a dysfunctional, withering organization.
Pros: Conservative, intelligent, responsible, and straight-talking senior management at HQ in Germany; many options for career movement in technical and non-technical roles; not a lot of dead wood - engineers are smart.

Cons: License and services can be brought even closer, which makes getting holistic discussions going more easy.  You need to be proactive to really be successful because responsibility does come with empowerment
Advice: Continue integrating the different solution pillars within services; continue integrating networks, services and license. Don't ever stop making the definition our success through the success of our clients.
Pros: SAP takes both it customers and its community commitments seriously. We are driving a technology culture that believes in innovation with purpose - extending the existing culture of defining our success in terms of our customers and creating a better life and way of doing things by simplifying process, We really believe in it, which is pretty motivating. I also see such a strong commitment to the community - broadly through our Next Gen center, adoption of UN principles, and locally through involvements here. There is also lots of encouragement and opportunity for training and expanding skills or learning new ones.

Cons: - salary might not be as comparable to the other tech giants but I prefer a good healthy work environment with good employee benefits than looking for a high paying company where employees are just treated like resources that they need to milk to exhaustion
Advice: None
Pros: - I have been with SAP for 7 years and I love it! I have not been bored or feel stagnated in my growth till now!
- SAP has provided me so many opportunities to work with different teams and roles internally
- I have had chance to explore different roles and teams to see what I really like and am good at . I have learnt so much !
- There is so much resources for the career development and SAP encourages you to grow !
- Employees grow , Company also grows!
- I really appreciate the importance that SAP gives for the employees and listens to their voice
- I have worked in SAP bangalore and SAP palo alto

Cons: Low performance requirements. Even though there is training available, not a lot of people actually have the time to use it. Most people bogged down with bug fixing and test management listening to the HANA, HANA, HANA propaganda rather than exploring and implementing computer science papers. There is not a lot of visible growth opportunities for the young people that come into former Sybase. Indeed most of the people are here for decades doing the same or almost the same thing.
Advice: Give more time to develop new features and hacking the products, which eventually will lead to the desired by the management innovation. Reserve time for training programs for each development employee. Really eliminate the QA position and not only on words and paper and make former QA program. People do need to be technically competitive on the job market. Pay more attention to what the young people want from their careers.
Pros: Gym and classes, subsidized food, Big company benefits. Possibility to grow if you are transferring from Germany.

Cons: Criteria for worker evaluation is not clearly defined.  
Transparency from management level is almost non-existent
Not a great place for minorities (especially at the Management level).  This does not apply to SAP as a whole who has  a great track record for diversity.  
Favoritism and "it's who you know" system definitely rules the office. (you will have to actively seek out opportunities in order to "shine".  
By signing up you automatically start your "brand" which will follow you throughout your time here (will hamper opportunities if it's not considered excellent).   
People are asked to do a ton with the most minimal of resources (time, staff, etc.)
Advice: Pay close attention to the work/efforts made by your employees as opposed to metrics.  New system to track advancement does not clearly state whole picture of what your employees are actively working on.  Management group has become unapproachable which differs from the original Fieldglass goal of openness.
Pros: Casual and for the most part informal culture 
There was an OK work/life balance
Snacks/games/distractions available
Weekly happy hours
Young and vibrant co-workers
Time off is generous both vacation as well as maternity/paternity (SAP benefit)

Cons: - SAP does not pay competitively
- SAP does not do a good job of adjusting pay across countries or states. 
- Often your sphere of influence on a given "important project" is limited by managers inserting themselves who are not necessarily understanding all the complexities of the project but are making decisions anyway based on some political factor
- Not all teams do the performance appraisals correctly so you can get places in a team that does not do performance appraisals properly and then it doesn't matter how good your work is
Advice: If the cons in the above section are fixed then I think that SAP would be a much better place to work.
Pros: - Work/Life balance is great, SAP is very understanding about family commitments and very supportive of each other 
- You often have the opportunity to work on significant projects
- There is a performance based pay type of culture so if you are good in your job you can get paid, depending on Department

Cons: The structure of work at Newtown Square branch is very business like, and someone from a technical background it's really weird to get used to. They still use Windows even though most of their work can be done much easier and faster on a Mac. Some people do have Mac's, I'm yet to figure out how to get one for work.
Advice: Like mentioned in cons, having a choice of OS (anything apart from Windows) would be much better. I understand it's easier to incorporate company modules into the OS but it slows down work substantially with problems such as lagging while opening Windows Explorer. And having to install a VM to use terminal tools that could be easily done on a Mac/Unix platform.
Pros: The people are really nice, and I think the company overall does a very good job of making you get used to their workplace environment. It's a great place to work at.

Cons: Tons of turnover, Inexperienced Management, They tell 40+ employees that they can all advance after 1 year while also hiring externally
Advice: Be realistic when talking to employees about their career advancement and where they are at. Be upfront and tell them what they have to do to get where they want to go. Don't play employees against each other when they are all working hard to grow the company and market share. A lot of great people and friends are put in awkward situations when it comes to career advancement because management tells everyone that they can move up after one year in market development which is completely false. The company is also constantly hiring externally while playing their internal employees against each other. This forces great employees to leave because they are undervalued. Some MDR's are promoted after 1 year and others are still working as an MDR after 3-4 years.
Pros: Good culture, Possible advancement, Fun coworkers

Cons: Tough to say because I haven't seen/experienced them yet.
Advice: Continue to be empathetic, servant leaders. Continue to lead with a personal touch. Continue to talk with your front-line folks to hear what's on their minds and to  get their ideas, hopes and dreams. Continue to encourage the culture you've helped build, and this company can solve the world's toughest problems.
Pros: There's too much to share here. Since joining I've been very impressed. Great leaders and great people all around. I get to work with people who are the very best in their field, and several renowned experts. My manager and team are highly competent and supportive. I've been challenged in ways that have made me better and prompted me to consider new, different ideas (wow, right). Although it is a big company, SAP is a place where I feel like I can make a difference, and my contribution matters. It is also a place with a ton of opportunity that stands for values I believe in.

Cons: I do not see any real cons.
Advice: Keep it up.  Remain focussed and continue planning for future world.
Pros: The company has a good vision and very dynamic. The teams are really focussed and there is ample visibility of your work.
SAP is a place where employees help decide policies that directly impact them. Obviously there is a limit to what you can do, but having a sounding board itself is a great thing in such a big company. 
As an egineer, you would want :
1. good work -  working on the SAP database product is challenging and it really gives enough opprtunities for you to use your creativity and technical intellect. 
2.  good pay - SAP rewards its employees with various stock related benefits, along with bonusses and a reasonably competitive pay. 
3.  Culture and value system -  From time to time there aretranings, programs, extra curicular activities planned, which gives you opportunites to explore yourself beyond work. 

I find SAP a great work place.

Cons: Not a lot of opportunity for career growth - you can stay where you are for 20 years if you want
Top-down mandate for strategy - often with no actual insight into the problems they are trying to solve
Lots of strategic changes being made without a real vision of what the changes are attempting to accomplish
Quite high turnover in product management 
Low pay for equivalent position in other companies in the Silicon Valley market
Flex hours can mean working 12-18+ hours per day during busy times
Advice: Stop sending out continual notices of change in executive management.  This doesn't impact my day-to-day and we will have a different rich white man in that office in less than 6 months any way.
Pros: Ability to work virtual from anywhere in the world
A stable, long-term career if you want it
Lots of smart people to learn from
Looks nice on your resume (which I've heard numerous times since working here...like this should compensate for everything else...)

Cons: There are a some in management who have been there forever and some who just shouldn’t be there anymore.  In particular the ones who get by while treating people terribly, and gleefully climbing over the top of them at any cost.  All under the guise of being so nice. In reality just very very weak people who should go.  No value added management. Very threatened by and takes credit for the success of those doing the work.  Some sent to foreign posts - But still there nonetheless. Just stay away. Some people can’t be trusted and are outright slimy.
Advice: Snakes in the grass are still snakes. SAP is exposed to legal issues if this person keeps it up. You can’t un-ring a bell.  And it is the me too era.  Look at the VPs who have long bloody paths of turnover of top performers with cases that don’t sound right with severance payments. These people cost the company so much more than money and need to be cleaned out.
Pros: The hype sounds great. If it were only true for all employees. Read between the lines.

Cons: Pay is never the highest. The pace of change can be slow for those that want to come and change things quickly but this deliberation also helps with stability.
Advice: Focus on top talent and try to retain them. Be creative.
Pros: I have plenty of flexibility in my work hours. Since I work on a truly global team there is no need to be at the office although the office is wonderful and most SAP locations have special access suites for lawyer office which means no fighting for meeting rooms. There are several programs that allow you to expand your experience- The fellowship program and the experience exchange program. One allows you jump into another job role entirely for 6 mos or more and sometimes in international locations. The latter program is a shorter job shadowing or project secondments in other departments which also comes with a travel budget. Employee engagement is valued and worked on. Every location in SAP worldwide has free lunches and some places free breakfast.

Cons: Too much politics. High performers are not promoted. Career growth is limited to an elite circle and even if you are a high performer or catalyst it does not guarantee you will get promoted to the next level. Some toxicity in engineering, with teams fighting over tools and practices which slows down the innovation speed.
Advice: Take care of your talents. They are strong and willing to bring SAP to the next level in the cloud fight.  But if they are not put at contribution they will leave and use their expertise at another place. Diversity is also an issue, even though the company is promoting diversity, there is a lot of discrimination happening on teams. Diversity should not be a process, but part of the culture.
Pros: Nice challenges to tackle. Awesome place to meet great people. Employer that cares a lot and provides a safe environment to all. Great work life balance. Global organization with a major impact on people's lives.

Cons: Glacial development cycles driven by Walldorf (German HQ) mean that it's difficult to make any sort of impact. SAP does not understand how to really manage innovation and how to do things quickly. Also, there is lots of dead wood here - the people that actually make things happen either become executives (in a few cases) or leave to go somewhere where it's easier to actually do something (most cases).
Advice: Figure out how to innovate more quickly; your vision is muddled by too much complexity. Look no further than SAP slide decks for a symptom of your problem - they are wordier than a lot of novels. If you can't articulate issues succinctly, it shows a lack of clarity in your thinking.
Pros: Pretty good compensation, usually hit bonus target, subsidized lunches, nice campus. If you like job security and not a lot of stress, you can be a lifer here.

Cons: Lots of change.  If you aren't adept to change then SAP may not be the place for you.  We make changes to things regularly and sometimes they can be complex.  They are usually for the good and to keep ahead of our competition but you need to be flexible and not challenged with making changes.
Advice: Minimize the change and allow our Senior Execs to run their plans before pulling the plug on them.  The last several years we've had an extensive amount of changes each year and it would be nice if we allowed our Execs the opportunity to fulfill their goals and initiatives.
Pros: I've been with the company for the last 4 years and have found it to be both engaging and challenging.  My roles have provided me with the opportunity to stretch my abilities and continuously learn new things.  I've enjoyed my time at SAP.  The company offers plenty of opportunities for advancement as well.

Cons: politics, cross board area alignment is off, communication is weak, no transparency, too much game playing and empire building, many lifers whose skills are not relevant, young talents are not trained properly, inexperienced management, lack Silicon Valley culture (agile, can-do, win/win mindset, entrepreneurship, passion, set people up for success), frequent re-orgs cause low morale
Advice: Hire for skills, put the right people for the role not because they are your friend, stop playing games, motivate your employees (talk to them directly, have a true desire to help them be successful), give CEO real power (not just sales but real influence over product direction), stop selling half baked products to customers in the name of revenue growth and quick win, clear role and responsibility (so many over-lays, redundancy, many glorified admins), stop laying people off in the US just because the HR employment policy is at-will and there's no work council to deal with.
Pros: employee centric, work-life balance, freedom, collaboration, free lunch, global bonus pool program, company brand name, smart people, global presence

Cons: Our team, and therefore jobs, were constantly changing due to overhauls in higher-up management and their ideas of improvement, which were executed without too much thorough research into the existing work we were doing. It often felt like we had to start over with initiatives and ideas we already had in the works, only to never convince decision makers that they were truly worthwhile. Sort of led us to feel behind, compared to the rest of the specific industry we were working in.
Advice: Get to know the various teams under your management well and investigate the incredible work they are doing before you rearrange and eliminate. Otherwise, competitive edge feels like it could dwindle.
Pros: Supportive and casual work environment, at least in my location. Flexible hours and left to mostly self-manage (though I'm sure this depends on your team), which really gave me the freedom and peace of mind to work out my own rhythm and flow for better quality output.

Cons: There are times when great ideas are being patented but at the end of the day are not being reduced into practice (implemented), maybe due to lack of resources and/or difference in the R&amp;D priority, and/or maybe due to over focusing.
Advice: When steering our big ship in today's rough waters, besides the need to continue  to innovate and use newest technologies for our customers, we should allocate more efforts into the Eco systems on a global scale. Engaging with bigger and smaller ship so as to create an armada, to enjoy and gain from the power of the combination, since the dissemination and absorption of knowledge is one of the keys to long distance sailing.
Pros: Diversity, inclusion, and respect for others.
The culture of sharing ideas.
The drive to make the company's strategy a reality for our customers.
Make our customers run simple is not just a slogan, it is carved in our working spirit , it is part of our company DNA, because we care !

Cons: Restructuring is a biannual event, or worse. Political coups and hijacking of projects are common occurrences. Products are created by engineering, then sold as something else by a perpetually disconnected sales and marketing army, and suddenly a solidly engineered technology needs to be hacked into whatever it got positioned as for customers.

HR in the US has been completely outsourced to offshore call centers, and things like compensation for paid leave, reimbursement for expenses, and help with problems with the health insurance provider can take months to resolve.
Advice: #1 Priority - Hire a real human resources department, with on-site reps available to employees in all major locations. Fire whoever came up with the idea of outsourcing HR.
Pros: A surprisingly large number of very intelligent engineers, some very interesting technologies, and a fair amount of freedom and flexibility. Palo Alto campus is very pleasant, with open spaces, decent cafeterias, a nice little garden... there is a fitness center, but it's a bit inadequate.

Cons: There’s really not any major cons I can think of. The only one would probably be that there needs to be more unified communication across all departments. Also, sometimes it’s hard to find answers to issues that are technical in nature if no one I typically communicate with has ever come across that same issue. It can feel like your left in the dark for a bit until you can finally find an answer after multiple avenues. This can impact your time and the clients time.
Advice: Keep up the great work. No place is perfect, but I appreciate leaderships efforts to continuously improve and take feedback.
Pros: This is one of the best companies I’ve ever worked for. At least in implementation, leadership trusts you to do your work. No micromanaging and are results driven. If you step up, contribute and do your job then you are recognized. Leadership does their best to give you opportunities to develop your skills and get on projects outside of your normal job duties.

Cons: - Recent mass layoff let go of many high-performing employees based simply on geographic location, leaving many not-so good performing employees in HQs.  
- Career path is not often times not clearly defined; promotions are often tied to political positioning of the individual
- Every year first 4 to 6 months are in chaos while management take time to decide what employees supposed to achieve in the remaining 6 months of the year.
- Often processes are too "German" and too process-oriented
Advice: - Strong alignment with the cutting-edge technology as well as the ability to be more agile will determine the future of this company.
- Retain the talent.
- Simplify communication before simplifying the workforce.
Pros: - Has solid policies & processes in place.  
- Work/Live balance has improved in the last few months.  
- A performing product (HANA) run by a company with strong user-base.  
- Great benefits and salary.  
- Employees are mostly friendly and collaborative.

Cons: There's always more room for collaboration between teams so as to avoid duplicative work.
Advice: Bill is an inspiring leader and I always feel fired up after he addresses the employee community! So, more Bill.
Pros: I was referred to SAP by a former colleague. The company was on my radar but I never had a good understanding of their business. I learned more through the recruiting process and was blown away to hear about their impact on the world's business community. They power so many companies across the globe! What really hooked me in and got me interested in working at the company was their employee value proposition tagline of "Bring Everything You Are, Become Everything You Want." That assured me that SAP could be a place where I could innovate within my specialty and grow my career. I've been with the company for almost nine months and I can honestly say it's an awesome place to work and grow. Superior benefits, great programs and workshops, honest and inspiring coworkers... coolest place I've worked in my career!

Cons: Sometimes certain elements of vision can get clouded through the vastness of a 100K employee company, but you truly can seek out lots of information about where SAP is headed internally and educate yourself.  There are also normal pains of navigating a large organization to find the right resources, but SAP is committed to "Run Simple" and we're making improvements.
Advice: Keep up the good work in keeping employees informed and motivated.  We have a great path forward and we can execute well if we're all together!
Pros: I have so many positive things to say about SAP.  Although the company is large, there are abundant resources and people to connect with to further your career.  I have spent time at a small startup and SAP often has that small-company energetic, change-the-world vibe and I know that is rare or nonexistent in large companies elsewhere. The Executive Leadership is trustworthy and transparent.  Motivation to do your best work abounds, I really enjoy working here.

Cons: Constant reorgs, old methodologies, groupthink - individuals are not expected to innovate; it's all or nothing when it comes to team decisions. Recent raise was insulting to long-timers who put the time in and work hard; no penalization to those resting and vesting. IT department is one of the worst I've ever had at a company; two ticketing systems so you never know who to initiate a ticket with - when you do, someone in that org will refer you to the other ticketing side anyway. No long-term growth or advancement opportunities.
Advice: Reorg after reorg with a PowerPoint strategy is becoming harmful. How can you expect employees to keep adapting to a new strategy when the new strategy that's proposed every 4-6 months hasn't even germinated? Our product is stuck in a time past; we've rested on our laurels too long and now the competition is passing us.
Pros: Incredible coworkers, decent benefits, and great stock program (Grow). Great bonus plan but that will change for next year.

Cons: Lots of uncertainly as far as the direction of consulting. With the new cloud/simplification process comes change, which is not communicated well.  
Here are the disadvantages to SAP:
-Lots of layers of management - hard to get new ideas up the chain
-Constant reorgs hurts morale and causes uncertainty
-Worried(especially as of late) of job security - losing great employees to more secure firms
-The vision changes every six months or so it seems
-Your experience depends highly on the manager that you are assigned. Luckily I had a great one, but others are not so fortunate
Advice: Stop changing the corporate strategy every few months, if it is confusing to employees I'm sure it is even more confusing to our customers.  Keep hiring top talent.
Pros: I loved working for SAP NA as a consultant for the following reasons:
-You truly own your own career, and can take advantages of all opportunities
-Flexibility to learn new skillsets as the market demands
-Exciting and fast paced environment, you will never get bored
-Some of the smartest people in the industry work here

Cons: I heard from some entry level people and others that it was easy to get lost in the shuffle.  That was a shame that it happened, and I tried to give my teams I managed a true voice and let everyone's opinion be heard.  Sometimes it wasn't always easy in such a large fast paced company, but the frustrations were there sometimes.
Advice: Keep an open mind to innovation that doesn't always fit the status quo...There were a lot of great ideas from people besides management that got ignored due to red tape.
Pros: Excellent place to grow and innovate.  They were the Google, FB, and Amazon, in terms of innovation before those big 3 became what they are today, in my opinion.  Free thought and the ability to come up with ideas and see them executed was the name of the game at SAP.  As far as my experience went, I learned a lot, even after having been at other big SaaS companies. Hard but fair work, challenging but rewarding.

Cons: SMN Marketing has struggled with poor leadership and high turnover for years, and unfortunately the trend is still going strong. The leadership lacks basic marketing principles and will challenge your morals and lie to achieve the results they want. More than two dozen employees have come and gone from that team in a matter of a few years and you will be next if you decide to join the ranks.
Advice: You are continuing to lose the best people who are in the trenches running the business. Make the necessary changes at the top or else you'll be left with the shell of a marketing team, ran by a sales leader, that does not produce anything other than false results and more turnover.
Pros: SAP Concur as a whole is a good company with tons of opportunity. Unfortunately, areas of the business are very flawed, specifically the SMN Marketing Team.

Cons: No one ever seems to get fired, no matter how bad they do. This means low level managers who aren't fit to lead a dog on a walk desperately trying to get promoted who will do anything to impress their superiors.
SAP is so big, if you have a problem there is no chance you'll ever talk to a real person in person. Everything is through ticketing systems, and it's all asynchronous, so nothing ever really gets solved.
The good, competent people leave the company because of bad managers (this includes the good managers), which by and large leaves useless people leftover with a handful of good people pulling the weight of the whole project and not getting recognized for it (which leads to them eventually leaving).
Advice: The heavy investment in ticketing and tracking systems instead of listening to employees is costing you your good employees.
Pros: No one ever seems to get fired, no matter how bad they do.
The pay is excellent.
The location and benefits are good.

Cons: Org structures can be very convoluted and very global.  There is some emphasis on co-location but easy to have people from Germany, India, US all on the same team.  Try getting them on a con call.

Very much a technology focused go-to-market structure in a business where solutions matter more to customers.

German HQ is very detached from realities of Silicon Valley.  Structural influence of the German Works Council is corrosive - limits mgmt from reacting to market trends.
Advice: Move to a structure of global business units aligned to market opportunities.  As much as possible locate these in friendly business environments
Pros: Very loyal, very large global customer base.  Usually one of a few strategic vendors that the largest companies in the world rely on.

Flexible work environment.  Nice people (no screamers).  SAP genuinely cares about its employees and wants them to like the company.

Company is changing - very different from 5 years ago.  New businesses are moving fast and highly competitive.

Cons: Poor Management..."No Jerks" policy does not mean that it's upheld. 
Here's company that preaches a great sermon but doesn't follow their own message. Their full Talent Management pitch is around employee engagement and motivating their workforce...unfortunately, managers don't use the performance and goal tools. Sales model is dependent on has extremely poor lead generation and marketing. 

Think "Game of Thrones" and HR = Little Finger (watch out).
Advice: Use the tools that you sell for and use them  the same reasons you say they're most effective for. 
Be open and honest with the sales team and collaborate with them versus giving directives and unreasonable ultimatums. Just because an employee has been in the company for a a long time...does not qualify them for a management role. Using your 360 tool and cross-referencing what the peers say about them, would be a great way to find this out.
Pros: Great people from all over the world
Opportunity to transition to the bigger Cloud players (reason for a positive rating on career opps).

Cons: Sales organization is still as cutthroat as any, shifting culture in HCM business is not  positive. Quotas unrealisticall high in some LOBs, so that reps are not making  quotas at a rate that you would expect in a high growth business. High SG&A is not well understood, so attempts to reduce SG&A remain ineffective. Cutting sales compensation does not reduce SG&A. 

Customer technical support is very poor and SAP has only taken small steps to improve it, without success. It requires a total overhaul.
Advice: Maintain the focus on culture. Keep growing the cloud business through acquisition.  Keep it up!
Pros: Strong CEO, trusted by the capital markets.  SAP invests in its employees, excellent stock plans. Cloud business is growing very well. Sounds technical strategy an dlong term prospects are very positive. I maximmize stock purchases because I believe in the company. It is fun to work with smart and motivated people who take pride in their work.

Cons: Not a lot of diversity at the director-level and up. Development is usually for tech skills, but not much for management or mentoring. Doesn't seem to be clear pathway to develop leadership for director, VP etc - especially for minorities. At director level, it's very monochromatic or part of the Indian clique. Multiple executives come and go with the wind from acquisitions. The only stable thing is the German upper leadership.
Advice: Develop more management track for diversity.
Pros: If u have the right technical skills, SAP will give u the space to learn and grow. It's not this frenetic pace in other places where u must program X lines of code or must deliver a program half-tested. There's the importance of needed slack to get the work done. Sometimes overtime, but not too bad.  Overall benefits are excellent.   May not be as progressive as Google or FB - but those places are crazy busy.

Cons: Was part of the Ariba acquisition in 2012, and now in early 2014 have been going through the compensation planning for the year.  The company speaks about their philosophy of being open and fair about compensation, but they tried to hide all of their bands and pay grades from Ariba employees.  They didn't do this very well, and it's now pretty widely known that the  Ariba employees are paid well below the SAP salary bands, but SAP has no plans to rectify this.  So, being a former Ariba employee means that you make a fraction of what your SAP counterparts make for the same level of work and responsibilities.
Advice: If cloud is truly a big part of your strategy going forward, take care of this issue before all of your cloud talent leave.  You're being penny wise and pound foolish.
Pros: They are very good at painting the vision and strategy for the company- if the compensation and rewards were in line, it would be highly motivating.  It's difficult to find pros when the compensation is so out of line.

Cons: Everything changed when Lars left the company. A long period of assurances from senior management both at SuccessFactors and SAP, but little action as key people ran for the door. When the dust settled, things were very different as SAP exerted more and more influence. The "transparent" culture turned out to be not so transparent after all. And, very disappointed to see that despite having products that purport to help people work differently, the day to day business behaviors were pretty much like every other company I've worked for.
Advice: Make faster decisions - you let too many people get away while you were figuring out what to do
Pros: Lots of promise when I joined - we were driving Cloud for SAP. Very exciting to be a part of that. Working with smart people who know how to get things done. Amazing new office with all the perks. Interesting, varied work. Felt that my contributions were valued.

Cons: Terrible strategy, organization and goals.  But that is the nature of the tech business.  Tenure over talent and you can get very pigeon-holed, especially into tech.  Management is never in place long enough to implement their strategy and everyone suffers the wrath of sales-based management with tech left fixing everything while the sales jerks sit on the beach with all the $.  Many unqualified people in high places which makes upward mobility brutal for those up-n-coming rock stars.  Compensation is supposedly performance based, unless the company or your division under-performs, then they steal your $ like in 2013 when only 25% of bonuses were paid, even if you exceed your numbers by a large margin.  Many VP's who know little about the technologies that they represent creates embarrassing situations in front of customers.
Advice: Cross train certain technical people into the business/sales side dammit!
Pros: Solid workforce, especially from the technology side

Cons: It is a very large organization, and sometimes management decisions get made at higher levels that don't truly make sense to the operational colleagues (this can happen anywhere though!).  It can also be difficult to find the right people for your questions / needs when the company is this large.  Finally, because there is always change and many challenges, the workload can be a bit overwhelming at times, which can impact work life balance.
Advice: Overall, keep up the good work!  I'm proud to work for a company leading the industry both with their product and their employee experience!  Please just make sure that operational challenges and the fast-paced change don't overwhelm or overwork your employees!
Pros: Company has great benefits and lots of diversity.  Working in a global team provides all sorts of opportunities.  I work with some very talented people and there is always a lot of change and challenge!  I'm never bored!

Cons: Work culture can be rigid in terms of responsibilities, which leads to a slow pace of innovation. Size of the company means competing initiatives and lots of internal politics. Too much middle management. The T-level system slows compensation progression after three years, meaning talent that stays longer becomes substantially underpaid.
Advice: SAP is not a competitive employer in compensation, causing many of its best and brightest to leave.  US compensation for a position may be higher than other areas of the world, but SAP's jobs do not exist in a bubble - if SAP wishes to attract and retain talent, it needs to pay employees more.
Pros: An engaged global employer that puts value on employees and giving them the tools to succeed. Great benefits package. Provides opportunities to celebrate success, even small achievements. Collaborative and engaged coworkers. Good office spaces and professional development opportunities. Exposure to coworkers from all walks of life as SAP puts emphasis on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: Big license sales have fallen off the cliff, SAP is going to have to adjust to the new economy and I don't think they have. VP's and SVP's have some very large ego's that are not warranted. A few of them are so self centered it is hard to explain. Relentless pressure to close big sales. Obtuse expense reporting process, horrible CRM.
Advice: Bill needs to clean house at the EVP and SVP level. Many need firing. in consulting, in utilities, in public sector in product management. Dont put your friends in a job. Put qualified people in the job. Encourage loyalty and respect to subordinates. Let the pressure off a little on the sales force. The pace has been accelerating for 8 years. Cannot keep pushing forever.
Pros: You can make good money selling software at SAP. Benefits are good. Sales engineers and sales support overall is above average. You can move into new jobs.

Cons: It has the typical downsides of a big company, things move rather slow. It has hard to execute since you have to comply with a lot of rules and regulations. The fostering of Top Talents is not done in the most optimal way.
Advice: None
Pros: This company is truly international, and you get a great cultural experience. I have worked with people from all over the world in only 5 years of employment. Whereas I was mainly working within USA (East coast and west coast), I had a lot of interaction with Germany and India in my time. Also some of the activity will take you virtually or physically into the Asian Pacific. My management team is absolutely fantastic, great atmosphere with truly flat hierarchies and great collaboration. 

Benefits are great (20 vacation days after 5 years of employment), great share matching programs and small perks (which can grow big) such as free lunch and free subway ticket.

Cons: Commission payments - the company will find excuses not to pay. Don’t trust that they will honor a commission plan.
HIGHLY political environment slowing or limiting any ability to close new business
Sales team that lives off of customer audits to get deal done
Advice: SAP has become a hostile work environment for anyone working with Enterprise accounts.  I can never recommend SAP as a good place to work in sales because of the commission issue including: carve outs (Need to make a number so the rep selling value gets punished), commissions not being paid on multi-million dollar accounts because the “above the law” team takes over an account.  There is a lack of talent because of the lack of innovation and customer success.  People don’t won’t to work in a company where the company doesn’t care about customer success.
Pros: Work from home
Older technology that customers are locked into creating easy sales opportunities

Cons: The only downside is that if you're "home grown SAP," meaning you started from the bottom and worked your way up, your salary will be significantly less than someone who is hired in at your position.
Advice: Fix the salary discrepancy of those who are "home grown SAP" as compared to those who are hired in from the outside as consultants.
Pros: SAP has a fantastic company culture. If you want to move up in the organization, the best thing you can do is help other people. There are a ton of training opportunities, and a whole host of other employees willing to help you out if you get stuck on something. Our executive board is full of real people, who are happy to chat with you no matter what your level is within the company. Further, our benefits are better than most other companies in the US, and our salaries are very competitive. It's a low-hierarchy, feel good, profitable company!

Cons: Some of the technologies that are role-critical are dated and can make doing my job harder, which is very counterintuitive considering we're a tech company. There's a tinge of politics in certain parts of the business, but I wouldn't consider them to be a rampant problem especially considering the size of our company. Growth opportunities are definitely aplenty, but it can be overwhelming and difficult to progress depending on which BU you're in.
Advice: Be sure that values and ideologies are consistent in every part of the business, not just some!
Pros: There's a lot to love about SAP: amazing colleagues, global presence, learning and development opportunities, good benefits, the ability to work from wherever, and inspiring leadership. You are empowered to do your job without someone breathing down your neck, which is key.  There are a ton of growth opportunities (almost an overwhelming amount), and you're encouraged to seek out learning to broaden your horizons and shake up your day-to-day.  I love working here!

Cons: Can't trust what leadership promises or your terms of commission agreeements to be real. Presidents club, goal post changed mid-year (IE: Club target was one 100% of your annual number in January and is now 130% as of an early July announcement. Uncertain commissions (constant unexplained claw backs with no recourse, just have to accept you are not getting paid). Leadership is too weak in the cloud groups to do anything about any of it. Culture is changing in Sales. We used to feel appreciated especially at end of month and end of quarter pushes. Now it is just a nasty &amp; cold, build-your-own sandwich platter and SAP constantly finding any excuse to pay you less than you were promised and less than you deserve.
Advice: Pay your sales professionals what you promised instead of expecting them to become accountants because they can't trust you to pay them properly. Maybe instead of giving middle management excessive swag bags every year, just pay people what you promised you would pay them and let middle management buy . their own designer things.
Pros: Decent benefits, work/life balance, and a lot of products to sell.

Cons: Fiefdoms create silos throughout board areas.  Not always aligned between dev and sales.  Need more focus on customer experience and disrupting markets more aggressively. People need to tell it like it is...too many yes folks at management level.
Advice: Move faster in retooling workforce -especially in Germany.  Too many employees just strap hanging and those managers outside of works council protected Germany are challenged to get production from these individuals.  Focus on discrupting existing business with innovative solutions and approaches to better serve customer needs.
Pros: Flexible, innovative company that is just now turning the corner on understanding what they need to do to compete in a cloud centric world natively (instead of spending on big acquisitions to catchup).  Big initiatives around Big Data, IOT, Analytics while continuing to serve the core and move to the cloud.  Good leaders, good ethics and morale.  Good culture of wanting to do great things collaboratively.

Cons: Internal processes: Too big to fail and therefore there is no hurry to do anything, Too bureaucratic and hierarchical. 
If it doesn't work in Germany, difficult to get HQ to understand the business, cultural and process issues.  
People stay too long in the company; lifers.
Great place to hide and get away with doing nothing if that is your motivation.
Employees based in Germany are never fired no matter how ridiculous they are.
Advice: More high level, senior management and their business units should reside in the US.
They should keep better track of employee production (outside of engineering and sales) because too many people take advantage and they are not working very hard. I have heard employees actually say they want to work for SAP because they hear that they don't have to work too hard.
Pros: Flexible work schedule, often can work from home, job security. 
Great place to hide and get away with doing nothing if that is your motivation.
Truly devoted to their customers.
Great diversified portfolio of products.

Cons: Worked like a dog, far too inwardly focussed - as if Bill McDermott is a god, not just going for CEO but the Papacy. Huge number of internal reports and spreadhseets - huge CYA meetings and reporting. Shamed/Embrassed by poor customer value delivered for software and esp support. Now a hire and fire organisation - do not expect a career in sales at SAP ,just work your butt off, hang on and enjoy the ride.
Advice: Focus on delivering real value to the customers - you have forgot them in the internal battles, they will not go on forgiving you.
Pros: Great compensation package - very high commission for software sales. Huge brand advertising and PR machine - real door opener. Customers CV is wrapped up in SAP Brand and they support - almost slavishly.  Good events and great Philly office.

Cons: It is very easy to manipulate and misuse the system and create your own small mafia-group and go unnoticed and unpunished for a very long time. Keep in mind, that it represents only 10% of the company. You have to be unlucky to fall in this group - unfortunately it does exist and there is no escape if you are trapped there.
Advice: It will be so disappointing if SAP Management gets it advice from Glassdoor but you must at least try to find the bad apples in the management layer - the ones who are not aligned with people and do not believe in SAP core values.
Pros: Good and smart people, deep-rooted respect for the product, most people believe in core values defined by SAP. Fair salary, good benefit package. You can work here all your life.

Cons: SAP Global Marketing is a division of a over-complex structure, the giant German software company SAP. Its headquarters in New York but has ramifications in Germany and in a lot of other places. As in any big multicultural company the main issue is Politics.
Advice: The top management has a tendency to recruit only senior employees who are done fighting for a better position. The good point is that there is a lot of very smart and talented marketers, however the company is aging and should consider keeping more interns on the payroll and open to younger generations.
Pros: In New York especially the quality of the work space is outstanding, you also get a great flexibility, get to meet worldwide stakeholders, have exciting business challenges... and most of the time you get to define your own KPIs!

Cons: The overall recruiting and on-boarding process in quite smooth and many detailed guidance is provided. I think the SVNT program at SAP is one of the best recruiting process I had ever experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: - Silicon Valley Next Talent (SVNT) Program:
SVNT is a highly competitive rotational program and career accelerator within the products and innovation organization at SAP. The cool thing is that you can rotate on multiple SAP teams within the first year. At the end you may select the best fit based on mutually benefits. Therefore, you may develop a big picture mindset about SAP, while contributing your strengths on many impactful product features that are using by the world's most successful businesses. I think this unique program would be the best choice for all new graduates to consider.

- Application Process:
The review below is based on overall recruiting process of Silicon Valley Next Talent Program. The whole process took about one month (starting from the time that my resume was accepted and I submitted the survey form). The recruiter is pretty helpful and responsive with interview arrangements as well as status updates. The interview process has several rounds. The first round is talking your background with the recruiter. I learned about the recruiting process and what to expect after joining SVNT program. After that the second round interview is with the SVNT program manager, in which many behavioral questions were asked. I enjoyed the conversation a lot and found that the core values and team culture at SAP would be the perfect fit for me. I also felt connected with the program manager when I shared insights about my experiences and lessons learned. The third and fourth rounds are technical interviews with SAP experts in my field. The format and questions were similar to typical technical interviews with other large tech companies. One thing stood out was that all interviewers were super passionate about their work and shared many great things about working at SAP. These conversations really helped me to develop a better understanding about the benefits of SVNT program and I then decided to accept the offer from SAP instead of some other top companies.

Cons: Sales organization is still as cutthroat as any, shifting culture in HCM business is not  positive. Quotas unrealisticall high in some LOBs, so that reps are not making  quotas at a rate that you would expect in a high growth business. High SG&A is not well understood, so attempts to reduce SG&A remain ineffective. Cutting sales compensation does not reduce SG&A. 

Customer technical support is very poor and SAP has only taken small steps to improve it, without success. It requires a total overhaul.
Advice: Maintain the focus on culture. Keep growing the cloud business through acquisition.  Keep it up!
Pros: Strong CEO, trusted by the capital markets.  SAP invests in its employees, excellent stock plans. Cloud business is growing very well. Sounds technical strategy an dlong term prospects are very positive. I maximmize stock purchases because I believe in the company. It is fun to work with smart and motivated people who take pride in their work.

Cons: SAP Sales Management promotes a "mean girl" culture.  If you're in the clique, you get assigned wonderful opportunities and can make significant money.  If you're not in the clique, you get to create new opportunities on your own, but it's best to hide them from the head of sales of your group/.  The head of the clique can not wait to reassign that opportunity and income to one of her followers.
If you're talent is to be 90% inwardly focused on internal politics and currying favor from internal power brokers, this is an ideal environment.
If you're 90% customer focused, watch your back.
Advice: The once a year sales force reorganization process hides enables this cliquish mentality.   True sales competence lies in creating new opportunities from nothing and taking them to closure.
Pros: SAP field sales reps can make significant money.    I've known several reps who made $2m in one year.

Cons: From my personal experience working in SAP Successfactors Engineering department I feel like there is a huge ongoing problem with diversity. 
Most of the Dev and QA management are Indians as well as team members they prefer to hire:
   A lot of the Indians get hired on the spot without going through official interview process, just because they are relatives or friends of those managers, which makes it difficult for other applicants to be considered for a position.
There is a lot of politics involved in the processes, project assignments, promotions, etc.

Number of meetings during the business hours as well as non business hours is abnormal.
Engineers can’t focus on their task because they are always destructed by meetings and have to catch up the project at night.

Evening meetings are not contributing to healthy work-personal life balance, and taking quality family time away.
Advice: It is proven by research that diverse teams produce better products – please consider   creating more diversity in S SF Engineering team and revisit who gets appointed as mangers to Dev and QA Teams.
Pros: Good compensation and benefits package

Cons: This company is not a good company. They removed all bonus based on employee utilization to Company based for consultants. There is no career advancement after Prinicapal. Lot of consultants are not promoted for long time . Managers are moved to senior directors and VP level and technical and functional consultants are stuck at the same level for long time. Managers always try to look for reason of not promote a employee than promote the employee to next level.
Advice: Management does not listen consultants views for past few years and they are taking their decision and trying to enforce it on consultants . Guys with core skills set in SAP are like left behind who have great process ,Project management, technical expertize. Management is always try to bring people from Global deliver center to US than helping US Consultants in there career development and move across different roles
Pros: It is good company for beginers or want to work with out career

Cons: Sometime a bit to heavy handed financial controls from HQ in Germany interferes with effective staffing/business execution in the field. Legacy on-premise attitudes are still entrenched in some areas, causing delivery hurtles that need extra effort to overcome.  the necessary competitive moves toward greater utilization of off-shore and near shore delivery centers is a necessity, but dilutes the quality of delivery as these less experiences tech-implementers do not have the same business domain experience as the regular consultants.
Advice: Beware of jumping too much on the off-shoring bandwagon to compete with the other large delivery competitors - it dilutes the quality f delivery in the cloud space for some products.

Keep up the strong focus, leadership, and transparency!
Pros: Leading edge technology/software company with competitive pay and benefits. Top company for social awareness and consistently among the best companies to work for in various surveys. Strong &amp; focused senior leadership communicates the mission well for the whole organization. Major change management from on-premise to cloud-based culture is progressing well.

Cons: Outside of sales - if you're not based in Germany good luck with any promotion desires.  Within sales - expect an annual 'nail biting' period when you'll be restructured or let go.  Sales jobs fluctuate wildly, and no good results go unpunished (quotas increased regularly when overachieved).  Outside of sales (marketing, development, etc.) - staffing is very lean and again, unless you're located in Germany you have little hope of serious advancement - ensure you're hired into the position and salary you want in the long term, because that's all you'll get..
Advice: brilliance is all around you. Don't require concentrations of staff in Palo Alto, NewTown Square or Walldorf -- let people work where they live (you're a technology company afterall), and recognize strong leadership outside of your home country.
Pros: Good bonus structure and great benefits package.  exposure to really smart people and products across the board.

Cons: still some of the problems that any large organization has but nothing dramatic.
Advice: keep up the communication, the forward looking strategy and the increased push into mobile and ondemand products and we will continue to be winners. DON'T reduce benefits any more than you have over the last two years.
Pros: Employee motivation has completely changed after the 2008/2009 slump and everybody is energized and highly motivated now that we have two amazing CEOs and a great strategy for SAP's future. SAP is going to be the dominating force in the OnDemand ERP market in addition to the mobile and on premise solutions. The CEO's are amazing and compared to Oracle's rude/annoying CEO are many levels above Ellison. Benefits are good, not amazing but what company still provides "amazing" benefits? Teams are working well together and the company is working on better empowerment of employees. Great coworkers with high work ethics, everybody is working hard, only a few that slide by without contributing.

Cons: SAP is a large company. Navigation inside the company can often seem onerous.  Onboarding processes and technical support particularly for remote employees exists but needs significant improvements (e.g. business cards and technology available on or before Day 1, ongoing technology support for phones and laptops / tablets for field employees challenging).
Advice: Continue leading according to the vision. Maintain consistent communications with employees at all levels. Continue to ensure buy in and reinforcing culture at middle management levels.
Pros: SAP is a very large organization offering multiple pathways to career success. Many employees and management have re-invented themselves over 20+ year careers. Few companies can boast such a "perform and stay" approach to employee talent across many generations of workers.

SAP ended formal performance reviews in 2017.  SAP Talk is the conversational, immediate feedback approach supported by only documentation.  For employees the feedback is more corrective and coaching.  For managers the time consuming task of annual performance appraisals is eliminated.

Cons: Depending on your immediate manager, you may not be encouraged to proceed in your career. Also seems that the company is not open to employees switching to other positions or trying new things. Innovation and design thinking are buzzwords at SAP, but that seems to be where it ends.
Advice: Allow your employees to follow their interests and talents. Just because someone has worked in a field for some time does NOT mean that they want to continue there. Open your mind to other opportunities, fellowships, and suggestions made by employees. Most times it is good for the company as a whole if you'd just see it that way. When you say you encourage fellowships, give employees time to do fellowships! The best manager I've had saw talents in me and suggested ways I could channel those talents within the team. It would be great if more managers would do that.
Hiring freezes are almost always counterproductive - when they are lifted everyone hurries to hire so that they don't lose the headcount. Many times, they don't take the time to select the right candidate.
Pros: Benefits, higher-than-normal number of vacation days

Cons: It's very difficult to develop software at this scale. It's very difficult to manage at this scale. Teams can function agily at small scale, but it can take a long time for large scale features that span hundreds of teams to solidify into action.  Small companies can't dream of taking on problems of this sort, but at the same time, everything you learned at a small company has to be reinvented.
Advice: Management should acknowledge the grand challenge more openly.  With products that have been under continuous development for decades we literally have multiple generational objectives, so please don't change the objective with each new upper management change.
Pros: SAP is home to several software mega-projects and its rare you get a chance to work at this scale in software.  Everyone is nice beyond belief and extremely competent in their different areas.  Developing software for mega-projects is an unsolved problem and you get to work on it with great people.

Cons: - Center of gravity is in Germany, lots of things have to go though the HQ. Sites / product units are not independent enough which hiders agility.
- Turf wars and kingdoms result in an inability to re-distribute resources adequately and dead branches sticking around for a while.
- Complex to navigate and lots of dependencies between groups can slow you down
Advice: Very good moves lately, keep going. Keep up with the people-centric agenda. Try to work on less politics and a more de-centralized model.
Pros: - Genuine care & respect for people, no hire & fire mentality. Good benefits although less than they used to be. Employees can speak their mind openly (thanks to our German friends I guess)
- Highly diverse and talented workforce. People from all over the world, probably more Europeans than your typical SV company account for a rich cultural experience.
- Lots of new exciting products and technologies
- Opportunities for lateral moves once you've proven yourself and built your network.

Cons: SAP pays commissions at the end of the month AFTER they receive payment from the customer. This is not the industry norm. A typical tech co pays reps at the end of the month following when the order was booked. (i.e. - close a deal in January, you get paid end of February.)

At SAP, the rep gets paid only after the customer pays SAP. So in the case above, close a deal in January, customer pays in April, you get paid end of May. Most customers are paying @ net 90 the past couple of years. This means you'll wait 4-5 months on average to get your commission checks. And that's after long 12-18 month sales cycles that are the typical for SAP products. Be aware!!
Advice: SAP is not a startup and has billions in the bank. Pay commissions "net 30" from the month the order is booked like every other tech company does!
Pros: Collaborative atmosphere among sales reps

Cons: The gravity of the organization lies in Walldorf, where most of the engineering leadership resides. On the technology side, SAP has a unique, non-standard vocabulary (Cloud provider = Hyperscaler, Enterprise Data Warehouse = Business Warehouse, Meaures = Key Figures, etc.) The marketing of SAP tends to be 12-18 months ahead of reality.
Advice: SAP can sometimes get too focused on developing new solutions instead of maturing their existing solutions.
Pros: SAP takes care of it's people and is a highly matrixed organization that focuses more on getting work done and less on organizational reporting hierarchies. SAP is the worldwide leader of enterprise software focused on enabling key business processes. They are constantly innovating and have had good success with HANA, S/4 and their cloud integration and extension strategy. SAP's industry depth and expertise is unmatched. SAP Account Executives have executive level relationships at most of their accounts, which makes it easier to upsell other complimentary solutions into the same organization.

Cons: Conservative compensation policy; Below average salary compared to the field in the Industry but a good bonus policy and excellent benefits/retirall package.
Frequent travel
Advice: Top heavy company. Trim down many unwanted, non-productive top level VP's/SVP positions to control costs and also reduce costs to the customers.  Focus on Web architecture and move towards complete web architectured product. Beware of the competition moving in this direction. Reduce the license costs and make it more appealing to the small and medium business. Recognize offshoring capabilties and its impact on cost saving benefits in consulting sphere.
Pros: Good people to work with. Extremely skillful consulting and development team with indepth knowledge and ability.  Training and education opportunities are unmatched in the industry. Culture appreciates knowledge, integrity, and hard work.  Happy to work with a company that recognises talent and appreciates hard work. Bonuses are based billable work performed hence providing incentive to work beyond your normal work time.

Cons: - Company is too big and sometimes it's difficult to apply its own policies, however there are several efforts to reduce miscommunication and deliver simplification.
Advice: Recently, SAP announced that it would have achieved pay equality worldwide by early 2019.  Unfortunately, this is not true and there are lots of discrepancies. 
I was managing a team where employees from USA had higher salaries than their peers (men and women from other countries based in NA), even though they are executing the same functions. There were some cases, where employees had higher salaries than managers and we were a commercial team, not technical.
My advice is to follow what was shared with the employees last year: Equal Pay for Equal Work.
I’ve decided to leave this great company, because I couldn’t accept these discrepancies, specially with the level of responsibility that I used to have.
Pros: - Great culture
- Good benefits
- Excellent momentum in cloud businesses
- Excellent work/life balance
- Paternity leave

Cons: Outdated technologies, and it's hard to integrate new technologies to the existing products since they're very old and complicated and there's a lot of legacy code. You should take that into account that you'd be considerably behind the times once you return to the market.
Very hard to get a raise.
No bonuses.
As a woman, men got higher pay doing the same job.
As an associate, I had the same pay as a colleague of mine who worked there for10 years.
You only get stock after a few years of work.
Not a lot of quality company events or bonus perks.
Advice: None
Pros: Steady pay
Good for people with families
A fair amount of PTO and sick days
Flexible with hours as long as you deliver as you're expected
Good mentorship programs and support of management to grow and develop skills
ability to occasionally work from home.
Modern development methodologies.
High quality of collaboration between deparments and teams, internationally too.

Cons: There are so many products/services/experts at SAP, a single customer meeting could have too many SAP representatives and you can be asked to attend by phone to reduce the balance between SAP and customer attendees. It is nice to have resources but you can end up competing with your own company. As a result, your peers are not always helpful.

As with most roles, management matters. It can be dreadful.
Advice: Try to pare down the resources at a single meeting.  Be more strategic. 

Improve oversight of management.  There were appalling practices...they were reported, no one cared. 

Sales need private areas to hold conversations.  On the phone all the time!  Most people would get up and go outside...just to be able to hear their customer.  Not productive.
Pros: The products are compelling. The people you work with are generally smart and professional. The customers are open to conversations with you. 

Campus was very nice, though crowded.

Cons: Mid-level management is very stagnant, which can slow down progress for everyone; team budgets are slashed very early on in the year, yet management expects you to churn out new and innovative ideas regularly (for free); if you work with a global team, work hours can be very hectic and fluctuates to accommodate other time zones; When I decided to move on from SAP, management was very rude and left a bad taste in my mouth.
Advice: Respect your employees. Do not treat them like worker ants, they are people. Keep an open line of communication so you know how they're doing, not just updates on their work projects. Our manager refused to have regular 1-on-1 calls and things became overwhelming.
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits; trainings offered; ability to work remote from home; global work culture which allows you to interact and collaborate with employees all over the world.

Cons: With over 70,000 employees, it was difficult to navigate the organization to get to the best resource to help clients.  There is some bad behavior within the culture from certain employees that goes unnoticed.  Regardless of their diversity program for women, there still was an imbalance of women to men in leadership, and the "good ol boys" club ruled.

From a customer perspective, many were frustrated due to lack of true integration between products and long spanning implementation and services projects.
Advice: Ensure that  your diversity program is not just for show, but that women are promoted into the upper ranks.  And streamline processes to make it easier to get clients the attention they need.
Pros: There are a lot of perks at SAP.  They have a diversity program for women, specifically in leadership, which shows the value the place on women and diversity.  They strive to be innovative and to create a culture of engagement.

Cons: It can be fast paced and sometimes stressful. But I think that is true of any company, especially in the technology sector. That said, I think the work life balance really helps with this.
Advice: SAP really regards its employees as its best asset. Please keep it up!
Pros: SAP is a great place to work. You get the chance to work with customers and colleagues all over the world on interesting projects. SAP does a great job of incorporating purpose into its overall mission. They offer great benefits (including a great stock ownership plan) and many possibilities for people who are willing to work hard, and continuously learn about the technology and the business challenges of our customers. 
There's always a chance to help a customer or a colleague in your daily work. Even though it can be a fast paced environment, SAP does a great job of affording a reasonable work life balance.

Cons: - oftentimes it feels like “work” is not a priority to most of the people here
- in general it’s really rare to find anyone that is truly experienced and has the skillsets reflecting on their years of experiences. You might find somebody’s got 6+ years of experiences and he only has an intern-level skillset. #truestory
- poor communication
- slow
- not a competitive pay
- as a result: lack growth, personally and professionally
Advice: There are some companies that are too big to move fast — I think SAP is one of them. I don’t have any advice besides encouraging the higher-ups to catch up your competitors.
Pros: - pretty flexible work schedule. Lots of people are usually not in the office
- work-life balance. You can work from home with various (or strange) reasons
- definitely a place for retirement life
- pay is alright

Cons: I was hesitant to share this but was encouraged by other reviews of colleagues who seemed to have faced similar experiences with HR.  SAP HR has a history of not supporting women who are facing harassment in the workplace.  They are slow to act and when they do they will ask the person who reported the situation to  make all the adjustments.  Unless you escalate it, those accused of harassment will face little penalty while those who experienced it are made to feel guilty for even reporting it.
Advice: If you are going to say you stand by women and support gender equality, live those words.
Pros: Once you’re in, there’s good opportunity to navigate your career and switch to other areas as your interest evolve and adapt.

Cons: Very centralized in Germany, it can give the feeling for other locations to be outsiders or even not being considered as a location the company is investing in.

Depending on your location and your team, better being prepared to have calls really very early or very late most likely on a daily basis, even as an individual contributor.
Advice: Decentralize from Germany and empower other locations with entire projects and products ownership and accountability.
Pros: Great projects, wonderful people, lots of constructive interactions, very respectful and safe environment to work.

What makes SAP a great place to work is definitely the people working there.

The products, topics, and technologies you can work on at SAP are very large.

There are lots of opportunities to explore new roles as well as new fields within the company and to feel supported in your career evolution/switch.

Lots of opportunities to learn, explore and being creative.

Cons: Internal processes are rigid, complex and poorly documented. Poor on boarding and training mean that when you start, expectations are high, and you're on your own. Teams, territories, managers, etc. are always in flux. Don't plan on having lots of friends at work. Very competitive. Product quality can be an issue for future sales. Product support needs work. Products are expensive. You don't get paid on maintenance and services. Net-new product only. Many roles have heavy travel.
Advice: Settle the team structures down. People need to trust each other and know each other's strengths and weaknesses in order to execute complex sales cycles well. Simplify, simplify, simplify.
Pros: Great sales culture. Selling trumps politics. Growing portfolio of products in the bag. Sales management gets directly involved in moving deals along. Comp plan is getting more complex every year, but it is still comparatively straightforward and rewards overperformance.

Cons: People are not accountable for their work. Local management looks the other way when it comes to managing us. A handful of people do most of the work, the rest get a free ride.  A lot of people often call in sick and "work from home" but at the end of the day they have nothing to show for. Management doesn't care as long as the job gets done and they get their bonuses at the end of the year. On numerous occasions this situation has been brought up to management and we were literally told that's our problem, not his. I think this is a local problem, I can't believe that SAP would be this successful if this behavior was tolerated in other offices.
Advice: To local management: do your job!  To senior management: create a way to listen to your employees bypassing their direct managers.
Pros: Great benefits, flex time, food voucher, competitive salary, stock match.

Cons: Performance of senior executives who report to German superiors are not monitored 
Competent employees are sometimes rewarded with more work while underperforming employees are not punished or removed because of red tape
HR business partners and recruiters have a poor service attitude
Advice: Improve working relationship between HR business partners and recruiters and managers and employees
Pros: Many opportunities for development and growth
Diverse initiatives to learn about and/or get involved in
Funded and organized volunteer opportunities
Great cafeteria
A steady stream of speakers from all walks of life to improve employee engagement
Constantly improving technology for collaboration and efficiency
Fast and effective IT services and equipment
Executives share their perspective and vision with the company in live conversations, always with question-and-answer at the end
Diverse networking opportunities
Structured and funded opportunities to work abroad
Internal transfers are supported and encouraged
Culture of flexibility, autonomy, and trust
Working from home is encouraged
Many different organizations to get involved with

Cons: Process.  Way too much process in certain areas of the company.  Something areas like pricing are way over-engineered that they are punitive to work with.   Product Management lives is Development and feature releases have a tenancy to be hi-jacked for the sake of technology, leaving many products in a catch-up position.
Advice: Move Product Management to Customer Success and staff accordingly.  Make Customer Success be the customer of Development and allow Customer Success to be the right arm of sales in the field for the products instead of leaning into the Development teams.
Pros: New leadership is much less "Rah Rah go sales!" like McDermott and Morgan and is more in touch with the workforce down.  I get more candidate and honest information from this leadership team than the previous and feel this management team is much more strategic in terms of company direction beyond making the numbers.

Cons: Most of the jobs in Services and Sales require extensive travel.
Long term objectives are sometimes circumvented by the short term need to hit targets or metrics.
Company has remarkably different corporate culture when comparing the US and Germany and other subsidiaries. The US can be too focused on making the deal, Germany can be too focused on making the technology. In the not too distant future we'll see what the army of Indians bring to the table.
Advice: Stop managing the company quarter to quarter. The board does a very good job of looking out several years and investing accordingly. Most of the layers of management below that are focusing on quarterly and annual targets.
Pros: Good products with an A-List customer base. SAP offers competitive remuneration with a pay for performance approach. It is possible to advance rapidly. Global mobility with SAP and in the larger SAP ecosystem if very good.

Cons: - work-life balance can be tough, especially in global roles where you have interact with time zones
- even though company is growing, it is still cutting back in certain areas -- if you don't get cut, you typically have to pick up the slack which can feel unmanageable at times
Advice: - when executing a reduction in force, clearly communicate the expectations of those left standing as to how to manage existing workloads and make sure those are realistic -- especially considering morale is already down with friends being forced to leave
Pros: - great pay and benefits
- exciting vision for the future of technology
- rewarded for contribution as well as potential for contribution
- good training offerings for SAP certifications as well as education allowance
- laid back culture of autonomy and self scheduling -- just get things done and add value

Cons: Recruiting has been known to lie - There are countless examples of people who were lied to about their title/level and their next move in company. Backwards titles complicates this further. This coupled with much of my other feedback lead to great employees either leaving the company, or leaving and coming back (which the CEO, SVPs, and many other leaders have done). When it comes to hiring your own team, people managers have to do the majority of searching for candidates (provided they want to assure they get the best person for the role). 
Most mid-level leaders are afraid of and/or avoid confrontation - Bad to mediocre employees aren't disciplined, and over-achievers aren't reward commensurate of their impact. I'm not sure anyone has ever been put on an action plan (let alone fired) at the company, which makes those that are (below) average at their job think that they just have to wait to be promoted. Leaders try to contain over-achievers by promising a bright future if they just wait, then offer you everything you want(ed) when it's too late. Senior leaders lift up concerns about employees, so do said manager's people, and yet no material corrective action is taken resulting in their great employees moving on. Wrong or right, this gives the perception that managers are more concerned with being everyone's friend and are happy with where they are, so they state that "everyone here is great" to make things easier vs having tough conversations or potentially ruffling feathers by having some on a faster track than their peers. 
Top down management style - A lot of mid-level to senior leaders don't take constructive criticism well from their employees. They get the majority of their direction from senior executives, then generally tailor to what their plan was, which delays or fractures career promises (moving targets). They no doubt mean well, but don't seem to realize that if they are authentic 98% of the time, employees are still left guessing when the other 2% is occurring (and if they can truly rely on them for their best interests). Additionally, when you ask them why overall company projections or a product launch deadline were missed, you tend to get boilerplate excuses.   
Seniority can breed complacence - The most people I've ever seen in a company that have been there for the majority of their career. That's generally a good thing, but many of these people don't have a competitive background for their position that one would expect from an SAP/leader in technology. Diversity (including in professional experiences) is a good thing. A lot of the leaders that have been with the company for the majority of their career likely wouldn't be at the same level at any other comparable company, and many didn't go to school for what they are doing. Perhaps they realize this, so they never leave, and are fine with mediocre employees on their team as it won't challenge their position in company. Because many haven't worked at other major companies, they don't know any better, generally given false positive reviews on their managers and for Concur as a best place to work. Little to no value is given for having advanced degrees (nor do leaders encourage their employees to pursue them) as the company seems to think consulting companies and annual conferences are the only thing needed to help with on-going education efforts.
Advice: SAP should audit all Concur employees (especially mid-level leaders) as overall it doesn't appear they are getting their money's worth. Start with re-organizing all of recruiting as that will make or break your talent pipeline. 
Stop restricting hiring to only internal candidates (if you want to get to $2B in revenue in 3 years, that math doesn't work). It's about as productive as giving a blood transfusion to yourself. 
Stop telling employees in mass that "everyone is great." Leaders, hold your people accountable for not performing, not being good people managers, or missing deadlines (especially those that slip by months to a year). 
You're going to be successful in the next 2-5 years regardless of what you do. The point is, you could be a lot more successful, while inspiring your employees at all levels to do their best work. Everyone's heart is in the right place. It's about being comfortable enough as a leader to be critical of yourself, your people, and making sure you have the best people in all the right roles. You have the right framework. You just need to be honest with yourself and want to change. You got this! You no doubt can realize the awesome you aspire to be.
Pros: Company growth - They have created a great suite of products and services. There are many untapped markets in the world. There is also a great potential to grow their existing client business. It doesn't take much to capitalize on it. It's just a matter of having the right people "on the bus" to maximize returns for SAP shareholders.
Culture - Very inclusive, friendly and warm place to work. Lots of great people (don't confuse this as all of them are the best candidate for their respective jobs). Can be fun. Most teams have autonomy to innovate. 
Work/Life Balance - Most managers allow working from home some or all of the time (for the right people).   
HR - Their HR team seems to be a solid group of competent professionals, despite  the recruiting arm leaving much (all) to be desired.

Cons: Far less opportunity and investment for mid-long term talent and individual contributors (new, early talent)
Self-promoting individuals are common and have seen many promoted to the point of incompetence.
Internal complexity: processes, operating model
Advice: Spend more time developing middle management
Leverage the investment already made in longtime employees, individual contributors (experts) in non-technical roles too. The institutional knowledge and business savvy differentiates them and can help elevate or even accelerate the new talent coming in.
Pros: The people: Improving diversity, strong talent and expertise
Culture: Customer first focus, strong values, competitive, a bit of change fatigue but adapting
Benefits offered provide great options you can make work for your needs,  including medical, vision, dental, pet, domestic partner., flex time
Competitive salary
Very progressive, innovative thinking and ability to gain amazing experience
Strong Learning/Training and Development Programs

Cons: Being a global company, the downside is the need to work early/late hours to meet European and Asian Time Zones, working from the US. 
Also need more diversity on the board.
Advice: 
Pros: SAP is always striving to be better than they currently are. They are strategic customer centric and community focused. I am very impressed with the care for employees during the COVID crisis, taking a regular pulse of employees and addressing their needs like mental health, work from home challenges , childcare challenges, social justice issues etc. They offered additional matching funds for BLM and social justice organizations. They have a focus on sustainability and partner with not for profits for volunteer opportunities. They have invited guest speakers to open our minds to the challenges facing society and allow people to ask questions in a safe environment. I can go on and on.

Cons: Internal politics appear everywhere
Inconsistencies on plans and "flavor of the month" focus on projects.
You will get tasked with something you have no qualifications for, and you will be expected to work beyond normal work hours.
Career opportunities often get blocked internally because internal job applications are required to go through your manager.
Advice: Have more than a single point of contact for teams, since if an issue is with that point of contact there's no workaround. (HR tickets are not anonymous- as our point of contact is able to block them).

Make sure people are doing the job they signed up for. Don't have job offers that don't relate to the role and don't put people in roles they don't know unless they have asked for the opportunity.
Pros: Good benefits and smart coworkers

Cons: It seems like every year, it gets worse and worse to be in sales at SAP. They constantly raise quotas by 50-200% year over year. My quota from last year went up 250%. They cut down the number of accounts you can have, and they constantly take out products from your sales bag and either don't give you credit for them but still have you support those conversations or they give the products to everyone to sell. There is a ton of competition against your own people at accounts. It's honestly like how Oracle used to be.
Advice: Find a way to achieve your move to being a cloud company other than screwing your sales people.
Pros: SAP is pretty good about their stock program, 401K and medical benefits. Working at a place with a recognizable brand name helps.

Cons: - As many big organization, the integration of the different areas is some time more difficult than it should be
Advice: - Improve channels to communicate across different divisions. They may already exist, but by my only 2 years in the organization, I have not had the opportunity to know about them.
Pros: - Collaboration cross borders: Human Collaboration, Technology Collaboration
- Innovation: Everyone has a voice at time of Innovation
- Diversity: Express yourself, incredible respectful environment for the inclusion of everyone, again everyone voice is heard.
- Just the best place to be: You can perform at your best and be even greater by the support of extraordinary professionals in our internal and external network.
- Management Open Door: Ready to hear our concerns and opportunities, providing recommendation to improve our career within the company and guidance when needed.

Cons: - pay is on the low side for Bay Area- lots of other companies in the area pay higher salaries
- however, some bosses are very flexible about letting you work remotely from a place with a lower cost of living and has the same time zone Eg Sacramento.
- not easy to internally transfer jobs
Advice: Move jobs such as this one to lower cost of living locations. The Bay Area and especially Palo Alto is a real struggle to live in on this salary.
Pros: - flexible work from home policy- you can work from home a couple days a week
- flexibility to also work from home during rush hour and come into the office after peak traffic
- flexibility to leave work early to pick up your kids and finish the last few hours of work from home
- free lunch at their cafeteria

Cons: Consultants are constantly told that SAP is a software company even though more than 50% of sales comes from services. Policies are constantly tightened and tweaked to squeeze every penny from consultants who are making less than 20% of the hourly charged. Upper management is so tight with money that all consultants are overworked and more than 50% of incoming work gets fielded by partners.
Advice: When a company posts 9 straight quarters of profits in the millions everyone gets angry about squeezing pennies. Stop trying to make so much profit and instead focus on supporting the employees.
Pros: Goes out it's way to build a sense of community. Above average pay and likes to emphasize how important work-life balance is for every employee. Good benefits and vacation. The public has a very high opinion of services provided and the product itself.

Cons: not much career opportunity. stupid managers everywhere
Advice: stop the hiring freeze and fire some poor performers, especially at the management level. those highly paid folks spend most of their work hours networking and fighting political battles, instead of managing their teams and drive strategies. 
In addition, your cloud strategy is not going to bring you the 2015 goals on both revenue and margin, given cloud profitability is a big headache for every player right now. the good old days of lucrative enterprise software is gone. HANA is still yet to be proven. The development team on HANA and related apps are sacrificing qualify for PR timelines. You think your customers would be sold into an in-memory fever? well, think again.
Pros: slightly above average compensation, good benefits

Cons: It is a very large company.  As a sales rep, there are lots of people who touch accounts.   As a specialist, I map to several teams and juggling that with my own sales efforts is a major struggle.  Assimilation into the machine has been very slow at best - I'm part of a group that was an acquisition - but progress has been made.  It also hasn't been made clear to me what my career path will be starting next year and down the road.
Advice: None at this time.
Pros: Great company with great vision.  Tremendous support from all levels.  Lots of talented folks here who are hard working.  Great diversity and corporate culture.  Bonus structure has a good balance of capitalism and socialism - meaning it includes personal KPIs as well as corporate goals.   Benefits are great!

Cons: Few opportunities for candidates without prior SAP experience. Recent turnover in executive leadership in North America is a concern.  Little commitment to success of the consulting organization; at a fundamental level, SAP doesn't "get" professional services the way a Deloitte or Accenture gets it.  Consulting business is not growing, and management opportunities are limited.  Complexity of product line can be mind-numbing, even for current employees.
Advice: Define and execute a strategy for ensuring your Consulting business is focused on making customers successful, not just being a revenue source.
Pros: Great product line.  Outstanding installed base of world-class companies across many industries.  Politics are minimal (at least in the field organization) and there are few barriers to internal transfers.  Field sales/service organizations have a strong "virtual" culture, and many SAP employees live in cities where there is no local SAP office.

Cons: Some of the worst upper management I've ever seen in my career. Constant mgt fight between German and US, upper management makes decisions and refuse to take input from people actually doing the work, bringing productivity to a standstill. Constant cutting corners, no budgets, endless politics make getting things done impossible. Extremely top-heavy with upper management, not lean.

Company currently has no direction, just parrots buzzwords and cannot clearly communicate to employees. Extremely political. Mired in complex processes. Constant re-orgs.

Does not care about employees, does not walk the walk about "people are our most valuable assets, we grow talent" - high performers laid off, with critical skills the company needs now; no real opportunity for career growth.
Advice: Remove most of your upper management. Take the time to learn what employees do. Stop being reactive and be more honest with employees. You are losing your best talent.
Pros: The smartest people you'll ever work with. Good benefits, ability to be collaborative and always learn. Used to be the best company to work for.

Cons: Like all large companies, sometimes it's a bit difficult to change direction of the ship.  Changes do get done, just sometimes slower than we would like to see.   Also due to the size there are sometimes layers to get through to get something approved or get work done.   While SAP is working through this trying to make everything more "Simple" we still have a ways to go.
Advice: Keep employees first, and customers first (in that order).  Customers are critical, but continued focus on your most important asset will ensure that customers are always taken care of.
Pros: Great company that not only talks about employee focus, but actually lives it.  It's one of the few organizations I have belonged to that really believes employees are the most important asset and treat them accordingly.  Great benefits, great opportunities, good total rewards.

Cons: I can only talk about delivery organization, since I worked in that domain. 
1) Too many managers
2) Managers have no say in your career. Managers in delivery org. are nothing by HR coordinators.
3) You are treated as a pawn, no visibility of whats going on in the organization.
4) Even after 100% utilization, management has ridiculous reasons for cutting bonuses back.
5) Bad pay master, considering people like me joined thinking low base pay will be offset by bonuses.
6) No growth via hard work, only if you have a good network you will grow. Talent & consulting knowledge mean nothing. Promotion based on nepotism and your connections.
Advice: Fire all managers & directors who are not client facing in the consulting division. They are plain overheads.
Pros: When i started 8 years ago, there were a lot of learning opportunities and career opportunities. I wouldn't say that any more

Cons: 1. Very poor internal communication strategy.  People get promoted, change departments, or get fired and you almost never hear about it from management and when you do its way too late - everyone already knows about it through the rumor mill.  This is leading to a growing lack of confidence in management, especially in the face of the company being bought out.

2. Fast-paced growth and acquisition by a giant software mega-corp is changing the feel of the company overall - despite insistence from upper management to the contrary.  It's not all bad - but it's different and in combination with number 1 lends itself to a sense of unease amongst employees.  Tech start ups don't stay start ups forever if they are doing it right, so these changes are to be expected.
Advice: Please put some serious focus on internal communication and employee development (automated internet security trainings do not count).  The company is at a critical junction and if you want to continue developing dedicated and passionate employees you need to treat them as valued resources.  Start sending monthly department updates/news or something - anything to make us feel in the loop.  There is a growing concern over becoming "just a number" at SAP - and that's not a feeling you want employees to have.
Pros: Been here almost 5 years and it's been an amazing experience overall.  Good place to develop a career, not just to work.  I got in at the right time and have benefitted from company growth from ~150 employees at time of hire to over 400 today (maybe close to 500).

1. In my experience the people are great, and over the course of my tenure I've always been happy with my immediate management despite several changes/promotions.  I've dealt with very little micro-management, and I've always felt able to approach my manager with concerns or to ask for advice.

2. Ability to move up quickly if you display intelligence, a good work ethic, sense of personal responsibility, and make smart/strategic decisions.  It's the business world - you have to be able to play the game at least a little bit.

3. Great company culture - casual office environment, higher level management is generally approachable, beer carts, and historically there have been a lot of company social events.  However that culture feels endangered due to acquisition by SAP (see cons).

Cons: 1. Manager KPI's around hiring "early talent" (= Millennial females) and instruction to move older, more expensive, employees out whenever possible.
2. Focus on a good story versus good work.
3. Throw away mentality. For years at SAP my disability had not progressed to being obvious and as such I did not disclose my disability. Then my disability started to be more apparent and  in spite of my wife’s concerns, I told my manager I have a previously undisclosed disability and I self-identified my disability on Form CC-305 with SAP. Within a few months of doing so my “position was eliminated” and my SAP employment was terminated.
Advice: Stop rewarding the people who are simply good story-tellers and good at taking the credit, but their work product does not match their stories. Integrity must be an active choice. As Pico Iyer ‏says, "Life so often tempts us to lie—even to ourselves—that maybe we need mortality, our most loyal partner, to keep us honest?"
Pros: Pays well. Free food and drink.

Cons: It is ALL about who you work for and turnover/reorgs can run high in Sales. I had three different VPs in one year. Most of them were great but when you have an inexperienced manager, it can be rough. Abusive managers are sometimes celebrated which is not only counterproductive but definitely contradicts the majority of the workforce.
Advice: Pay attention when certain managers have incredibly high turnover on their teams. It is not a fluke or coincidence.
Pros: This organization is full of smart, hard working, talented individuals. It is definitely a fast-paced environment but you can learn tremendously and work with outstanding colleagues. SAP has many long-term employees so aspects of the culture speak loudly to many people. Sales culture can be rough so it all depend on who you report to of course.

Cons: *It's pretty hard to take advantage of all that the company has to offer - including paid time off and training and development opportunities - for both infrastructure and external client facing functions. Although programs exist for employees to do whatever they want, culture does NOT encourage work-life balance.  There is a trade-off in order to be a part of this organization. "Work hard, play hard" with emphasis more on setting expectations higher and higher each individual productivity and output each year - without improving processes in a meaningful way ...
Advice: Learn how to say NO or set realistic expectations with leadership in terms of what your teams can and cannot do.
Pros: Company pays well
Great Benefits
Constantly Innovating
Progressive company culture - unlimited time off, allows large % of employees to work from home, offers plenty of training and development opportunities

Cons: Lots of promises made and ra ra by senior management.  They don't follow through though.  Mgmt says they want feedback, but don't mean it.  

Very low morale by people in most groups....  No training or development...  Learn on your own, b/c you won't get it here. 

They are an old brick and mortar company where most of revenue comes from on premise solutions...
Advice: Be honest during your interviews, keep your promises and pay commissions....   Avoid the lip service that you are actually in the employees corner and going to try and help them... That ship has sailed.
Pros: If you're in a sales position, and don't get your commissions, I can't think of any.  

The worker bees are nice.  But those who have no power can't create change.

Good name on the resume.  Will be sure to draw attention.

Cons: It is a large organization so there are some negative consequences that go along with that. it is that same fact that provides so much opportunity but working through some of it can be frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been able to move around with ease and have found a role that is well suited for my talents, gives me an opportunity to learn and grow as well as the flexibility that I want for my life. Not every role is like that but the best part of SAP is that there is a role out there that will fit exactly what you want if you go out, look for it and are open to something new. They do not limit you based on your geographic location for all roles because of the acceptance of remote and global teams. I am happy that I made the switch to SAP 2 years ago.

Cons: It's a large company and there are legacy processes in place. Management is aware and trying to work to improve in this area.
Advice: You recognize your people are your most important asset; please continue to embody this approach.  Communication is so valuable, especially during COVID-19.  Keep up the good work.
Pros: I've worked at SAP for almost a year. I can say that I've been impressed with everything from onboarding (pairing you up with a mentor / buddy, weekly onboarding sessions, lots of communication) through to where I am now. There's lots to learn, but the whole environment is focused on you succeeding. I appreciate the benefits, the flexibility and the opportunity to grow. I've been very impressed with my time here. Thank you for investing in Diversity and Inclusion. SAP is strong technology player and our stock reflects that.

Cons: One of the main issue with such a large company is that you are used at 20% of your capacity. Some people are fine with this but at the end of the day, I felt unused and I could contribute even more. 
Another issue is that you work on a project for several months and all of a sudden, without notice, the project is stopped and you are dispatched to another team, without any chance to decide wheter or not this is good or bad.
Advice: The top management is only dedicated to manage their own carrer rather than the group they are working for. Too much politics here. And globally, you will find much more managers than leaders...
Pros: Overall, overtime, it offers a nice compensation package, and the people I used to work with were very nice and knowledgable.

Cons: For most positions you have to be comfortable with working remotely. This is a Pro for many people but for those that are used to daily interaction at the office it is different. But in this new 2020 world, technology and process to handle working remotely has improved tremendously.
Advice: Keep focusing on the employees and customers.  This is a winning strategy.
Pros: * SAP focuses on Professional Growth and Development
* SAP cares about employees and customers supported by all of the great things that the company has done during the pandemic for employees and customers.
* You are surrounded by and work on teams of knowledgeable people that have different and diverse backgrounds to strengthen teams and help each other be successful.
* SAP pays well and offers great employee benefits.
* Although SAP is a very large company there is still a small time feel when it comes to team collaboration and communication.

Cons: It is a very structured organization that has many layers compliance. I do find myself in meetings or in trainings thinking "why is this relevant to me" or "this has always worked just fine". I now realized this is a small price to pay for the long vision.
Advice: None
Pros: Progressive minded company with strong fundamentals. I work for a company that was acquired by SAP. There was quite a bit of resistance to the SAP culture over the past few years. Now that the changes are taking shape it is easy to realize that SAP has a more sustainable structure and plan for the future. My company had more of a wild west mentality that smoothed over some problems with agility and talent in a few departments. Now that markets have matured it is obvious that those less talented departments needed to be revamped. I have confidence in SAP to manage that task going forward.

Cons: Large organization that can feel difficult to navigate. Also, bureaucratic for a tech company though not sure how it compares with other organizations with 50,000+ employees.
Advice: Lets shake things up in things that do not add value but at the same time don't go overboard in the whole sales focused culture
Pros: Market leadership in the enterprise software space, a competent management team, an open culture (at least within SAP Global Marketing which is based primarily in New York and Palo Alto,) a continuous desire to do better. A very distinct strategy compared to the primary competitor - something that has been successful thus far. 
On average folks are very sharp - a lot of ex-management consultants from top strategy firms such as McKinsey, BCG, Booz. Also, top of the line compensation, some generous benefits e.g. free lunch, soda, water, coffee. 

Overall agree with company strategy, its focus on employees and customer value creation.

Cons: NO work life balance, despite all the talk.
No checks on ridiculous amounts bureaucratic demands, including what color paper a memo is printed in...
Bonuses have been going down for years, at least in the US.
Key employees leaving.
Pressure to down-rate talented, hard working employees to enforce mandatory curve.
Senior management very political. 
Too top-heavy, growing groups of upper level managers.
Not devolving decision making to the lowest appropriate levels to allow those in the know to
Advice: Thin out the massive bureaucracy, devolve decision making to the lowest, appropriate level.  STOP all the reorganization, Reward and keep your talent.  Stop managers from rearranging the deck chairs for and to no purpose.  Do a 360 review on your new managers and see if they are doing a good job or causing chaos with no improved results.
Pros: Pockets of fantastic talent
Dedicated workforce
Not beyond repair

Cons: Terrible leadership, especially in marketing
Lots of top down decision making, everyone else is just a pawn
Constant re-orgs based on internal politics
Old systems and ways of working
Too large of a company, half the people don't do anything value add
Old style of marketing &amp; lots of people in charge who lack talent &amp; just play games constantly to increase their visibility
Serious lack of diversity at the top
Poor benefits. Only 12 weeks of maternity leave partially paid, okay healthcare but not great, no free food or snacks, very stingy on holidays.
Stodgy brand and products that aren't #1 in the market and there is no plan or true innovation to get there
Advice: Simplify! Less people, less teams, less products, simpler communications/marketing. Stop with the constant politics on the board. Fix your marketing leadership, marketing has become a joke with the lack of direction.
Pros: Competitive compensation
Good work life balance, no one works that hard here

Cons: Continous re-organisations are very stressful and difficult to handle; the predominantly sales-oriented current management is not focusing on products but on how to sell more. 
Of course success goes through selling, but continously up-selling is destroying customers trust. 
In addition, regular and almost random lay-offs are strange for a company deemed so successful, and represents a brain and experience drain. All that is new is not shiny.
Advice: Re-focus of product development, customer experience and transparency. The joint CEO model provided many benefits across geographies, now it is going to move to a strong US-based controls - could that mean trouble on the horizon?
Pros: Having worked with SAP internally and as a customer for 20 years, I have seen the ups, the downs, the sideways and the not-so-great. There are many technically brilliant people (particularly in Germany) happy to share knowledge and know-how, and almost endless opportunities for learning, with a competitive salary and benefits.

Cons: Some of the old guard managers are still left in the company management levels. Their management skills/style are mediocre and they are not willing to learn or change. They still try to build their empires and rule by scaring people.
Advice: break down the silos and get your managers to collaborate. SAP is still difficult and complex, change to a cloud mentality needs to happen soon.
Pros: Bill McDermott is great as well as top level of the company. Many great managers and a whole lot of great employees. Nearly everybody wants to do a great job, learn, improve, help and drive the company forward. SAP is rolling out a great management program which will hopefully wake up some of the "old" managers that still rule by instilling fear instead of valuing employees and working/collaborating with them.

Cons: Experience varies heavily with different divisions and whether you work in a corporate office vs remotely.  Some managers are very short-term oriented and do not value long-term strategy-- are very short-sighted. (this goes against the German way of doing things)  Turnover is much higher in the united states vs in Europe.  Sales team conventions take the flavor of whomever happens to be the current SVP- often very short-term focused.
Advice: Teach managers to do better listening in hiring candidates. It seems that some are only hearing what they want to hear and are not truly considering strengths and areas of growth-- they are putting candidates into either an "all good or all bad" category.   Help remote employees  network within the company to better leverage connections for their organization.
Pros: flexibility in schedule; working with highly competent people in fast-paced environment; much opportunity for growth

Cons: It's a big company, so it can be difficult to identify who to contact within different business groups/teams to address client questions - difficult, but not impossible.  I haven't faced an issue yet that couldn't be resolved (meeting or exceeding) to the client's satisfaction.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing - I love working at a thriving company that cares about what we are doing in the world!
Pros: Integrity and honesty is a staple, supportive leadership, great strategic direction and two very tangible cultural phenomenons:  1) truly customer centric, with top level directives all the way down focused on doing what's best for the client and 2) valuing the SAP employees and colleagues.  Strong benefits, bonus opportunities, referral programs, paid time off to volunteer...simply a GREAT place to enjoy a career , with growth opportunities and many offerings available for professional development.

Cons: As with most corporations, it seems like there's constant reorganizations going on that sometimes makes it difficult to navigate our internal silos.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: My personal experience is that management gives you the independence to do your job, but are there to support you when needed.  The work itself is very fulfilling and every day is a new adventure.  I tell everyone that they should work for a German company as the benefits and focus on work life balance are the best I've ever had.  As an example, I had 12 weeks paid maternity leave with the birth of my last child.  I'm currently at over 25 days of vacation.  I'm also a remote worker, working from home and the flexibility this affords is amazing and the only reason I'm remotely sane as a working mother of 3.

Cons: With 93K+ employees, it's a hard place to get big things done. It doesn't offer the flexibility and upside wealth potential of a start-up, but you can have a solid career making a difference in the world and do reasonably well for you and your family.
Advice: Keep focused on the Digital Enterprise strategy. Stay humble!
Pros: The benefits, compensation, perks, time-off and overall corporate culture is second to none. You definitely feel that SAP cares for you not just as an employee, but as if you were part of a large interconnected SAP family. The company tries to invest in the right programs to develop and reward people, and puts employees at the center of it's key decisions. Helping other organizations run better using best in breed technology drives employees here. You feel inspired by great colleagues on a regular basis.

Cons: Significantly low pay compared to other jobs in the Bay Area. No clear company agenda. Too many managers which create a huge disconnect. Many managers are unqualified and upper management only care about numbers and not results. Trust in management is super low, especially after the huge layoffs in March. Tech stack is old and becoming obsolete. Progress is slow. Unless you’re planning on retiring soon, staying for more than a few years in SAP is career suicide. That’s a reason why many employees have a hard time leaving the company and those who do end up leaving for MS, Salesforce, Workday, etc.
Advice: Be more transparent. Hopefully that can help in improving the low trust in management that employees have.
Pros: Good 401k matching. Good place to learn about enterprise software.

Cons: not a good place to start your career- opportunities to advance are very limited
work is quite boring
pay is kinda low for the bay area
Advice: allow workers to internally transfer more easily
Pros: flexible work from home policy
- employees got to work from home at least two days a week(or more if approved)
boss allowed some employees to live outside the Bay Area if they desired- in return the employee needed to visit once a quarter
- boss was very ok with employees clocking off to pick up children or go exercise in the middle of the afternoon- as long as you did your work shortly after, all was fine

free lunch

you almost never worked more than 8 hours a day. often, many employees would work less than that as the amount of work would be empty on certain days

Cons: Company is very conservative and business is over-influenced by legal considerations.  Employees seem to be hesitant to criticize the lack of potential imporovements to productivity, such as SAP applications that are difficult to interface with standard software.
Advice: Quit being so afraid of being sued by competetors and disgruntled employees.  Allow your managers to manage, and stop driving all HR issues with your fear of litigation.
Pros: Great benefits package as well as pay.  Good people to work with.  Impressive programs designed to identify potential high performers.  They are obviously doing something right, as evidenced by their market share in the ERP software industry.  SAP Senior Management rallies the troops very well.  Offices are quite modern and comfortable.  Nice little perks, such as a lunch program for office based employees.

Cons: Promotions are basically "who you know" and I've been bounced around too many times and looked over.   The best people tend to leave once they see they are not going to be recognized ....    Most senior management place higher value on externals - so generally you can expect to remain stuck.
Advice: SAP needs to learn to begin with the individual user.    Stop taking super complicated solutions from Walldorf, hosting them, and calling it a "cloud solution"....
Pros: SAP has this massive install base of ERP systems, so the "opportunity is SAP's to lose".  Unfortunately we do seem to be losing one battle after another, with the likes of Salesforce.com and Workday simply eating our lunch.

Cons: Long, long hours. Your fat salary comes at the price of long hours. Don't expect a 40-hour work week here, at all. If you're unfortunate enough to be in a position that requires traveling, expect to see your family a lot less than you do now.
Advice: Keep it up with the great training, the fantastic cafeteria (low cost to employees), and the compensation.
Make a better work-life balance, people have families and kids they would like to see every few days. Being stationed in the middle of nowhere for 5/7 days a week for weeks on end gets old.
Pros: Some of the best training available at a company. We're talking classroom, books, etc. provided. It's a real throwback to your college days.
Some of the best compensation possible as well, such as a large salary, a bonus, and equipment.

Cons: Zero visibility to those on the ground. All major decisions are made in Germany, and are often shortsighted and/or senseless. Developers who aren't in Waldorf or Bangalore often get the short end of the stick, while expecting to conform to half-year deadlines. Teams are spread out across timezones, making it difficult to collaborate effectively. Core backend technology is severely outdated and causes a lot of problems with modern client-side application implementations (i.e. mobile).
Advice: Listen to your bottom line. Don't make pie-in-the-sky decisions based on what the latest "hot trend" is, and try to adapt it to your 1970's COBOL-knockoff backend. Fix what is broken first, then try to move forward.
Pros: It's a tech company. Pay is reasonable, given the lowball "salaries" (if one is lucky to have one) that have become standard in the economy. Benefits are good.

Cons: I hope you like emails :) 
If you try and go it alone you may feel overwhelmed, if you run with the best you will go far.
Advice: Keep the promise and continue to trust in your employees. Lead the way by setting a clear path for us to walk on.
Pros: The flexible working hours at SAP allows me to make the most of my day and avoid time sinks such as heavy traffic. Continuous learning is strongly encouraged and I am able to hone my craft working on a diverse range of projects.  I've personally never felt closer to this world we live on as I get to work with amazing colleagues globally towards our goal of improving peoples lives. There is a structure and trust that exists within SAP that i have yet to find elsewhere.

Cons: *Sometimes parking is hard to find at Newtown Square office
*Some positions require a lot of travel. 
*Work life balance is encouraged, but some positions make it difficult to maintain
*Yearly increases are not as high as they could be. 
*To start here, many employees must begin as an hourly contractor and work towards becoming salary.
Advice: Continue to foster a culture of development. Managers who build a great team are the best way to build the company from the inside.
Pros: *Good benefits, salary, maternity/paternity leave, bonuses. 
*Pleasant security and other staff. 
*Great culture that focuses on development, teamwork,  success of both the company and the customer. *Depending on your manager, there is a lot of opportunity to learn and expand your horizons. there are courses in-house for employees that make personal development a real option.

Cons: Career Path = Challenging as SAP categorizes all employees as managers or "experts" (read: individual contributor).  Once done, they don't like to reclassify.  In other words, your career possibilities are established early and if you don't like the path you're on, it's VERY difficult to change within the company.
Advice: Work toward a "meritocracy" - make it visible that the people making the greatest contribution are getting promoted and rewarded financially and not just the "long timers";  SAP needs to become an attractive employer to millennials to survive over the next 10 years - this will require a serious change in leadership and management style.
Pros: Salary and Benefits are excellent.
If you go in at the right level with the right executive support, SAP can be a great place for you.

Cons: --The size brings with it enormous benefits for customers and employees...but it's not always easy to navigate.  That's the nature of the beast...not a product of poor strategy...and if you take advantage of the support network provided, it's easy to overcome.  People are very willing to help...
Advice: Continue to inspire...but don't become too disconnected from the field.  To do that...you have to continue to empower the leaders in the organization who don't have a "C" title to do more for the business...including integrating across the aisle.
Pros: --Great technology...the vision/strategy of the company is well aligned with customers' needs and with how businesses are transforming their organizations
--The culture is not "cut-throat"...there's a real focus on community, equality, work-life balance...it's more than lip-service...there' a real respect for people.  That's not saying we're not competitive as hell...

Cons: Lack of diversity especially in senior leadership. One woman on the Board. Overwhelmingly white, German men leading on Board and other senior positions. Few people of color in leadership. 
Complex corporate structure leads to politics, duplicative work, and slow decision making 
Lack of team morale/team connection due to remote environment and company culture
Advice: Appoint women and people of color to leadership positions. Having 30% women in management is not an accomplishment, there is much more room to improve. The company does not reflect the global reach and diversity of its 100k employees. We fail to take advantage of our best differentiator - our people and diverse ideas.
Pros: Challenging but supportive environment
Resources to do meaningful projects
Career opportunities and manager support for young people 
Strong managers 
Company makes positive impact on world, cares about sustainability and climate change 
Vacation, health and professional development benefits
Work life balance and flexibility for parents

Cons: - Pay below market average
- It doesn't have a fair compensation package when looking for people on the same role, level, and performing just like peers (or better) getting underpaid by 40%. No matter your arguments, facts, and proof, it's easier to leave the company and rejoin at a later point to have your salary increased.
Advice: Results are important just like leadership trust. Don't promise what you can't do and be fair $$ with your team as competitors are hungry for SAP/IT specialists. If you don't take care of your house &amp; team, others can do.
Pros: Stability
You make your own career, if you're unhappy, just look for career advice and move internally
COVID-19 supportive
Some positions working from home which I really appreciate
Long Term Career if you're open to staying in the same position for years

Cons: It is very demanding BUT . . . in order to be the best, you must be a TOP performer.    If you are a person who takes great pride in your work, SAP is a great place to work.   You will be rewarded for excellent performance and you will have the opportunity to work with some of the world's best professionals.
Advice: Keep it up.   Remember the focus - customer and employee success.
Pros: Professional yet not impersonal.   SAP has a strong vision and good focus on how to stay current and competitive.   The most criticial is SAP and its management's laser focus on the two most important and telling factors.  Customer and Employee satisfaction.  Without either, a company simply is not and will not be successful.

Cons: If you are not at the executive level be prepared to have the rug pulled from underneath you regardless of your position, within their multiple organizations.  It is know throughout the company and industry that SAP is constantly does "re-orgs".  This means if your able to keep your job, who knows what it will be or who your new manager will be.
Advice: There needs to be a better career path put in place, that in turn would help make your organizations within your company stronger and more productive, equaling more revenue.  The unsuitability of your constant "re-orgs" are not conducive to ultimate productivity, especially with a complicated and extended sales cycles that take place within the software industry.
Pros: SAP is a good place to either get great corporate experience or if you can make it to executive level, have a great career.

Cons: If you are the type that needs specific directions and plans to perform your job, this is not the place for you. If you do not like to travel, again, not the place for you.
Advice: Continue to listen to your employees and take the best of their suggestions. They will do most of your work for you.
Pros: SAP allows employees the freedom to do the job without micro-management. Employees are empowered to create their own solutions and execute. The work hours can be long sometimes, but flexibility is given when needed. You are never alone at SAP. You always have a very large team to help you. Team work is not just something that is encouraged, it is part of the life here. We say it and we mean it, "There are no stupid questions"! If you need help, someone will help you.

Cons: SAP is a great company overall.  However, if you are lucky to be in a department with good management.  In my depratment, you are on your own! No support from management, heavy politics, unbelievably debilitating bureocracy, arrogance is resonating throughout the entire department, ni communication and it is hard to trust people.  You spend half your time CYA.  You are only as good as your last recent performance.  Although Bill an\d Jim have created a great vision and people strategy, it does not propogate to all departments.  In my department, management uses fear as performance leverage.  SAD.
Advice: For long term sustainability of great talent, you must begin to truly execute the people strategy.  Remember, an organization is only as good as how happy its employees are.
Pros: Great Salary, Great benefits and paid time off.

Cons: Attrition of benefits over time, quarterly focus on profits degrades quality, work-life balance is way off.  Travel is the norm for most consultants and sales people, but SAP takes it to an extreme.  The expectation for working during off-hours has been heightened in the past 3-4 years.  The recent realignment to a cloud-based business model is causing a great bit of internal upheaval.  Recent layoffs have hurt morale.
Advice: The focus on quarterly performance and trying to squeeze more work out of salaried employees is hurting quality and depressing morale.
Pros: Great bonuses, good vacation policy, community-oriented, decent medical benefits, very smart people to work with in general.  The company does a good job of taking care of and up-skilling new employees with the long view of their success.

Cons: As with any large corporation there tends to be a lot of churn in middle management and this can make it difficult to keep a clear strategy and momentum over the longer term.  There has been less of a focus on strong leadership for many years but this is improving.  Many people in management positions with strong technical but poor management/leadership skills.
Advice: None
Pros: Major culture shift the last 7 years.  Leadership is making great strides to keep  us relevant and innovating.  They have done this under heavy competitive pressure and some key leadership changes the last few years. Company wide people are great to work with, benefits and pay are great.  Opportunity to work with many people all over the world which can be a challenge but we make it work well because of the people and culture.

Cons: With 93K+ employees, it's a hard place to get big things done. It doesn't offer the flexibility and upside wealth potential of a start-up, but you can have a solid career making a difference in the world and do reasonably well for you and your family.
Advice: Keep focused on the Digital Enterprise strategy. Stay humble!
Pros: The benefits, compensation, perks, time-off and overall corporate culture is second to none. You definitely feel that SAP cares for you not just as an employee, but as if you were part of a large interconnected SAP family. The company tries to invest in the right programs to develop and reward people, and puts employees at the center of it's key decisions. Helping other organizations run better using best in breed technology drives employees here. You feel inspired by great colleagues on a regular basis.

Cons: SAP LATAM is the epitome of the Latin macho boys’ club.  The toxic and hostile environment is not only within the North team, but it is also fomented and perpetuated by its top leaders and complicit with human resources.  As a former employee, who was subjected to age, gender,  ethnic discrimination and inappropriate touching harassment, I was fired in retaliation three business days after an unresolved mediation with the EEOC.  After almost 5 years of loyal service and enduring this level of employee treatment, SAP discharged me in the most inhumane and humiliated manner without severance and without completion of expense reimbursement.  They don’t practice what they preach, high turnover in management and promotion of unqualified talent based on favoritism. At SAP you are only a number.
Advice: SAP should focus more on sexual and discrimination harassment policies enforcement and education and not promoting individuals to leadership roles based on favoritism and tenure.
Pros: Good benefits, great enterprise and leading business software solution products.

Cons: Some upper management turmoil in the 1+ years that I've been year but it might be due to the pandemic and things like that. I seriously can't think of any negatives so far.
Advice: Keep up the good work, maybe make career path more readily available for existing employees.
Pros: Amazing work life balance, adapted well to the pandemic and work from home policies. My boss (consulting manager) is extremely personable and cares more about my well being than his sometimes lol. Was stuck with Covid (sick days) and Houston power outage for 5 days (crisis leave) and no questions asked. Had the opportunity to travel to the Chicago and NSQ offices before the pandemic, amazing locations. They provide you with the latest tech in terms of laptop, phone, etc. I can see myself working here forever.

Cons: Hard work. Culture is to work very hard and long hours. SAP always wants more from employees.
Advice: Cut back on administrative activities and focus more on performance.
Pros: Lots of opportunity, a solid company, new things to learn. SAP has good products and a pretty solid management team. Of course, there are good things and bad things about SAP and there are good and bad managers. But, as a whole, it's a good company to work for if you can deal with working for a big company. It definitely doesn't have a start-up feel and after 4 years I still don't understand the org structure. But, you can grow at SAP and the benefits typically seem to outway the issues. Pay and benefits are pretty competitive and there's even a pension.

Cons: Typical "red tape" associated with a large company...it takes longer to respond to market demand and customer expectations sometimes because of the processes we need to go through (compared to start-ups for example)....so if you are competing with start-ups and smaller vendors, it can be a little challenging... 

Takes some time to get adjusted to SAp's work culture, teams, how to get around the teams etc...
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-family balance, work from home options, very nice benefits (although salary not too high), encourage employee growth....

Colleagues are nice and respect each other and help each other out and there is a lot to learn from the different resources available, training given to employees, opportunities to grow and build your dreams and aspirations...all in all, it's a GREAT company to work for and I would recommend it highly to people from different stages of their career!

Cons: Promotions are difficult to obtain probably due to the recent acquisitions, making the organization top heavy. Other cons are work-life balance from the organization challenges of being in multiple countries. Most of the colleagues we interact with are in the corporate HQ location in Germany so there are many early morning calls needed.
Advice: Even though the company touts career growth, the reality is that upward mobility is very rare. Work-life balance is also out of control as a result of recent reorgs.
Pros: The salary at SAP is on the higher side for technology companies. Bonuses are fairly consistent however they tend to be a larger percentage of overall compensation, more so than most would want. Other pluses are things like employee stock purchase plans, good insurance, many employee discounts at companies SAP does business with and a flexible work environment.

Cons: It's a huge company, and your experience is likely going vary widely based on the team. Also, it's an enterprise software company. SAP's software is used by an insane number of businesses, including major names, but it never really feels that way because enterprise software is inherently behind-the-scenes. Few people will find what you're working on to be interesting.
Advice: None
Pros: + Great free lunch at the Palo Alto office with daily specials; it hasn't gotten old for me even after several years. 
+ Great work-life balance which I imagine partially comes from the company being German and not American. 
+ Competitive pay for technical roles.
+ All my managers have been very understanding.
+ Doesn't have the weird cult mentality that inhabits a lot of Silicon Valley tech companies.
+ My projects have been varied and relatively interesting.

Cons: Culture can be slanted to 'German' side of the house. Depending on which department you are in can be a decent place or bad. Large corporation with typical politics. Travel cab be excessive. Can have peaks or periods of time where you are working much more than your 40hr week. Is not as loyal to employees now in 2008 as it was in the 1990's. They will cut people without thinking if the numbers are not being met, just like every other large corporation.
Advice: Senior Management (EVP/SVP on up) really needs to enpower their lower management. They need to be willing to invest in growth areas and not manage the company quarter to quarter. Need a more long term view.
Pros: IF you like an opportuntity for Global Travel then go here.

Cons: Too much of the focus today is on sales and marketing goals (and results), with not enough recognition of general economy.   Product development and solutions expertise seems to have become a second priority wtih executive management looking at the numbers drive.   The "partner" game and high margin goals can cause bad behavior.
Advice: Make sure that there is a better balance on focus to develpment, delivery and support of the solutions.  Keep listening with respect to the huge customer base and don't just chase "net new" business partners/customers all the time.
Pros: Outstanding products, solutions and efforts toward innovation.  Many bright, hard working and aggressive people.  Connections in the industry are great and SAP "card" is a door opener.

Cons: Depending on which part of the organization you are in, the nature of work can vary dramatically. SAP has seen tremendous success with its ERP applications. But, success has been far and few in other areas. The company is trying to reinvent itself in areas of Cloud and Mobility.
Do not expect to work on the latest and greatest of technologies. Speed of innovation has been another challenge. Things tend to move slow, and the focus is usually on delivering a near perfect solution rather than something quick and good enough.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP being a 40 year old Enterprise Software company offers a very stable work environment. SAP Labs is the R&D division of the company. Work is interesting, as we keep exploring new opportunities to build new features and products. The culture is consensus oriented. There is not too much of hierarchy.

Cons: As with many companies who are experiencing double-digit growth every year, change is the name of the game at SAP. Sometimes it seems we go through changes just to shake things up.
Advice: Being a German company, SAP has at times a stuffy corporate culture and need to over-complicate things. However, with the appointment of the new CEO there is a positive change in the right direction. Bill McDermott has brought transparency and simplification to SAP.
Pros: Software is one of the best industries to work for and SAP is one of the leaders in the software industry. As an employee, you have opportunities for personal growth. Since a lot of employees work remotely, there is not a strong office culture but the company has strong core values.

Cons: Products are perceived in the market as old technology with bad user experience. Constant change in leadership (top and middle management); terrible culture; although they are trying to attract young talent they continue to fail to deliver on talent-development programs; rampant nepotism; lack of accountability, too many "legacy" employees with high salaries who are not bought into the idea of bringing new talent onboard and most importantly, keeping it!
Advice: You really have to do something about the company's culture. If you want to attract young talent your current employees need to be bought into your vision, it is not enough to continue pouring money in new "Leadership Development Programs" that over-promise and under-deliver.
Pros: Huge customer base, that is about it.

Cons: - very complex, takes a long time to 'see the light' and understand the complexity of solutions and how they interact, integrate and with a constant stream of new acquisitions it will keep one busy
- several reorganizations and changes in middle management 
- not too well known (yet) outside of Europe
- huge 'tail' of old perceptions, slow, mammoth and inflexible contrasts with new drive to innovate and change business for the better
Advice: simplify even more...market, advertise, move away from technical jargon and drop the huge tail that seemingly keeps SAP from moving as fast as it desires
Pros: - Global company, one of world's leading technology/business solution providers, great drive to innovate and change the business paradigm.
- many travel opportunities 
- well known in some industries, less in others
- HANA is seemingly the best in-memory database in existence today, huge opportunity

Cons: Each group/department/project seems to be run in isolation.  There is very little collaboration across the organization.  The culture is nepotistic. A good number of managers should not be managers and treat their underlings as either an entourage or player trading cards that they collect for the sake of maintaining appearances.
Advice: Don't just dole out assignments and projects, assign them appropriately based on your teams skills regardless of what title they may hold. Work to help tear down silos across the organization and try to actively keep your team engaged on projects with other teams.  Don't just delegate, execute!
Pros: Warm people work here who have the potential to be good friends.  Lots of activities on campus to both help you network and gain new skills. The facilities are awesome and include a gym and free lunch.

Cons: It is hard to get into SAP - I have referred friends but the competition is fierce and interview cycles can be long.

We are working to improve diversity here but there are many programs in place and employee and leadership led initiatives to improve our diversity.  In my experience, the culture is a place where everyone is welcome to be who they are but we need to do better at recruiting more diverse talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, interesting work, amazing culture supporting us to bring our true selves to work, tons of opportunities (openness and support to transfer across teams, if desired), authentic leaders, flexibility to balance the rest of your life, year-round volunteer opportunities and support to give back to the communities where we live and work.

Cons: Overall leadership is a bit indecisive when it comes to the future remote work policy - don't get me wrong, I'm one of those people that absolutely loves the office and wants to go back, however I can feel a bit of anxiety in my peers which are on the other end of the spectrum and wish to work remotely.
Advice: None
Pros: Outside of the obvious pros such as the salary and benefits, I would like to point out the culture, namely that of no idea is too small. I've never before worked for a company where you're not only sharing ideas for improvement for the sake of them existing solely on a powerpoint somewhere, but actually get acted upon.

Cons: Politics and culture of an old legacy software company are rampant. Extremely slow moving. Lots of people with extremely long tenures (which is not common in the tech world) that have no other experience outside SAP and are so very set in their ways--very political and "clickish". Lots of unproductive employees they can't get rid of due to european employment laws. Will take a miracle for SAP to improve the outdated culture, red tape, and bureaucracy built over the last several decades at this company. They're a bleeding talent from some of the innovative companies they have acquired in the last few years.
Advice: Do what you can to fix your employee engagement and flesh out all the dead weight lying around in the shadows.
Pros: Global recognized brand, huge customer base, large scale projects working at a global company that makes technology most major companies use

Cons: My personal experience is my manager was given a team they never wanted, and would rather remain in development than management. They are ill prepared to deal with conflict, and treats their employees unequally.  It's been made clear that career opportunities and flex work arrangements (a 'benefit' of employment) are rewarded unjustly. 
The questionnaires passed out by HR are worded such that any real concerns aren't brought to light, and direct confrontation sheds light on the fact that any issues should be swept under the rug.
Advice: Get management with management experience, or provide training to assist with those struggling in the role. Also, don't promote people who've made it clear they would rather stay in a development role than a managerial position. Their disinterest in management will become quickly apparent to their team, especially when they also haven't be given any guidance or training on how to be a manager.
Pros: Interesting work and great opportunity to work with people from around the globe.

Cons: Be prepared to work hard and be rewarded nicely for your hard work.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: I originally started working for Ariba quite a few years ago and came to work for SAP as a result of the acquisition of Ariba by SAP in 2012. Since the acquisition, I have seen Ariba, now SAP Ariba, grow and flourish like never before. With the help of our parent, SAP, we have innovated more in the last 5 years than in the prior 10 years combined. Further, SAP is such a great company to work for that I've never been more happy and satisfied with my job and my earnings. I am very proud to call SAP my employer and most importantly, the place where I feel at home and a solid career.

Cons: I have worked in a few companies over my career, and SAP stands out as a best place to work.  Nothing is perfect, but the grass is not  greener on the other side.  Providing management actionable feedback is the way to go.  I am staying at SAP - they listen and act - yeah Qualtrics!
Advice: Suggest all CEEs are required to participate in User Conferences with Customers; today we need to qualify.  The value add from a relationship standpoint, hearing from customers in such a setting, is invaluable.  We are closer to customers from an ongoing perspective than AEs.
Pros: Ethical, Innovative - and expands innovation in multiples through Partners, Visionary, Senior Management pushes Wellness to employees, Inclusive culture, Listens to Customers and uses their boots on the ground feedback to enhance products .

Cons: SAP LATAM is the epitome of the Latin macho boys’ club.  The toxic and hostile environment is not only within the North team, but it is also fomented and perpetuated by its top leaders and complicit with human resources.  As a former employee, who was subjected to age, gender,  ethnic discrimination and inappropriate touching harassment, I was fired in retaliation three business days after an unresolved mediation with the EEOC.  After almost 5 years of loyal service and enduring this level of employee treatment, SAP discharged me in the most inhumane and humiliated manner without severance and without completion of expense reimbursement.  They don’t practice what they preach, high turnover in management and promotion of unqualified talent based on favoritism. At SAP you are only a number.
Advice: SAP should focus more on sexual and discrimination harassment policies enforcement and education and not promoting individuals to leadership roles based on favoritism and tenure.
Pros: Good benefits, great enterprise and leading business software solution products.

Cons: Customers use tools that slice and dice and act real nice while employees use junk that crashes and can't talk to other junk that goes clunk.
3 of the 4 worst managers in my career have worked for SAP and I worked under them.
HR doesn't have a backbone even after a department investigation with glaring evidence.
Processes are so choking that you literally fight to get your job done.
Customers are always right even though they can be dead wrong.
Managers can team up with customers and it can be the customer and your manager vs you.
Medical got a little expensive.
Advice: Fix the cons
Pros: I was paid well.
Being acquired was life changing.
SAP knows how to throw a company party.  Good, clean fun.
Benefits were good.
The CEO was warm and personable.
I could work from home so I could go to routine medical appointments.

Cons: Constantly changing strategy with no ryhme or reason. I had 3 Vice Presidents during a 10 month period because people were getting fired or relocated. Many of the internal resources are outdated and worthless such as their internal CRM system being used by sales people. It's siimply horrible. The sales lists provided internally for prospecting are all outdated and causes a ton of corrections and unecessary administration.
Advice: Senior mangement needs to actually look at who they are promoting to mid-level mangement positions. Seems that a number of folks in leadership positions are missplaced.
Pros: The work environment was very good. Employees are respectful of one another. SAP does everything first class in terms of their conferences and events. Certainly the benefits are top of the line and their internal help desks are very responsive.

Cons: As of right now SAP is laying off most of their North American (US based) CTC employees in favor of cheaper less experienced Cloud Consultants in India.  They can hire 10 employees in India to 1 in North America.
Advice: Focus on quality, not quantity as your customer base demands it..  If not, in the long run you will be last in the cloud as customers see they cannot understand the other guy on the end of the phone (because of their thick Indian accent) and barely have enough experience to do the most simple task unless it's spelled out for them in a guide. If you have a large problem it will take forever to get resolved because you've laid off your most experienced American employees.
Pros: Learn a lot supporting multiple SAP products in the cloud.  Good networking and training opportunities. If you love to travel this is where you want to be in consulting.

Cons: Very little onboarding or training in general, a strong push for training via online resources but no provided time to do so, we are the first to use our own products so of course various systems are broken regularly and the average employee needs to juggle chrome/IE/firefox to access different things.
Advice: Get truly progressive rather than just faking it. We need less buzzwords, name changes, and so on. Try to start a culture beyond nice cars and golf. Get products and innovation in Newtown Square so talent and innovations can be fostered here next to NA support. Seriously stop with the digital buzzwords.
Pros: Good/cheap cafeteria, decent gym, incredibly beautiful office, fantastic provided laptops and phones, relaxed environment, good healthcare, 401k matching, work from home can be flexible by position.

Cons: - Customer aggravation with too many product focused go-to-market resources 
- Management focus on quarterly results vs. long term customer success / satisfaction
- Inability to innovate organically (also responsible for inflated valuation of acquisitions) 
- Contemporary HR processes that prevent the most qualified leaders from rising to the top
Advice: Recognize the reality of what is takes to be successful in the field. Separate strategic customer opportunities from quarterly tactics to push more products into accounts. Reduce reliance on audits to force existing customers to buy more based on contract non-compliance.
Pros: - Quality people committed to delivering success (despite many self-imposed constraints)
- Market leadership and brand recognition
- Strong partner ecosystem (waiting for a wave of ERP upgrades with S/4HANA)

Cons: Opportunities for growth are limited especially in offices outside corporate or national headquarters.   Frequent travel restrictions don't permit travel to work with remote groups within your direct job influence.
Advice: Invest in the personal relationships with employees.  The bonds created by management are returned with strength of employee commitment and sacrifice.   Continue to examine and push the degree to which process requirements are necessary.   As often Process requirements get in the way of meeting customer needs in a timely basis.
Pros: Interesting work topics and challenges.   Colleagues are qualified and experienced in their roles.   Strong desire to do the right thing for customers, the environment, with good cross team cooperation.   Benefits and pay are good.  Yearly bonuses have been paid out with consistent regularity

Cons: A recent Leadership change has caused a mass exit of marketers on this team. MQL targets that were unreasonable and lacking ability to track due to broken systems were all that mattered even if burned the team out and poor customer experience. We worked crazy hours and constantly blamed and bullied in team settings. Unless you are on the Dream Team brought in externally expectation was to keep your mouth shut and do what are told. This was not the Concur I knew, we always supported each other, valued advice and input.
Advice: Review the amount of talent that has recently left including exit interviews. Hiring a sales leader to run marketing without basic marketing knowledge, along with bullying management style has created poor morale and has caused the talented hard workers to leave.
Pros: Working for Concur was great until leadership change this year in SMN Marketing. I would recommend working for Concur and other marketing teams just not that group.

Cons: Delivery executives and project managers can be tough to deal with and are not the best people on earth

Thick skin people in the organization never respond and don’t care to reach back to you

Too many silos in the organization where one arm doesn’t know what the other arm does. 
Lack of diversity at top
Advice: Remove barriers and silos and make it a global and transparent
Provide transparency in product information instead of asking consultants to network to hunt for the same
Fire some of the delivery executives who know nothing on how to deliver a project and have no SI experience
Pros: Great access to all training and learning material
Great network of consultants and product developers
Good competitive benefits. Very good insurance and 401k match
Global company and great number of opportunities to work globally
Clients respect and listen as you are SAP

Cons: Being such a large organization it is easy to get overwhelmed, we have too much information, experts, sessions, sites, and sometimes confusing. Also we all work very independently so we need to be creative and strategic.
Advice: Some areas of the company appear to have objectives and goals that go against each other, also solutions compete with each other and it can create some conflict.
Pros: At SAP you are frequently exposed to all kinds of customers in different industries facing unique challenges and we have the ability to help them, so our role is exciting and it never gets monotonous. You are always working with very smart and experienced peers that come from different backgrounds so you also learn a lot from them. Personally, there's a lot of flexibility and colleagues tend to be very nice and open.

Cons: -Consulting sales is pretty bad.. Not impressive at all. Being a consultant, it bothers me a lot because consulting team at SAP is one of the best anyone could ever find. 
-Lot of travelling
-Every other person is from Ivy League school. So, my Ivy degree didnt help me much.. Had to work real hard for recognitiion.
-Expectations are high from consultants. So, where consultants from other companies sit back and relax, we have to struggle a lot. Maybe due to our $300/hr billing rate.. 
-Its not what it used to be..
Advice: Please reduce the new management layer introduced recently. it was great the way it was - 4 years ago..
Pros: -Great place to work
-Learnt a lot
-Enjoyed the brand recognition
-Chance to work with one of the smartest brains. Atleast in IT
-Good bonus
-Emphasis on training

Cons: Encourages people to network which is nice but this also can mean that you won't be heard unless you are part of the old boy clique in that group. Work life balance can either be great or awful depending on which group you are in. Not innovative enough.
Advice: Embrace organizational change rather than paying lip service to it. Understand that there are many departments that have been created that compete with each other for the same work. Create mechanisms for unpopular ideas to safely be floated to the top, past the yes man network, those are the ones that matter most.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Has lots of long term employees. Provides lots of learning opportunities (depending on your organizational unit). Encourages employee harmony. Hard work is usually noticed.

Cons: - Crunch time can be stressful. Welcome to software development.
- Open office. I don't mind it much though, as it's fairly quiet.
- No other major cons.
Advice: None
Pros: - We do get free lunches - two per week.
- We do have unlimited PTO, and the culture is great about letting you use it. 
- Very flexible work schedule. 
- Good benefits. Above average 401k match, excellent healthcare options.
- Nice perks- free drinks and snacks, free gym in the building.
- Casual dress code.
- Company is committed to improving the UI, and it's beginning to show solid results.
- Scrums are quick and to the point.
- Sympathetic attitude attitude toward teleworking and work life balance.
- Attractive, naturally lit office with floor to ceiling windows. Makes a difference for those seasonal affective disorder.

Cons: Some really bad managers, especially those from acquired companies by SAP like Sybase. Not sure if they were under pressure or what, but since SAP acquired Sybase, some managers had a completely different attitude toward employees. They would micro-manage people, watch how your sit in meetings, take note of every little thing that they never used to do.  In other words, they have essentially become some annoying smart@ss managers.
The company would also layoff employees quietly, sometimes the whole group completely, and for a big company like SAP, their severance package sucks.
Advice: Get real, SAP is not the only employer in town.
Pros: Pretty decent benefits package.
Office environment.
Mostly friendly employees.

Cons: I question the long term viability of targeting many of  their most senior sales engineers for staff reduction.   They have mandated that allot of intellectual property walk out the door.  It will likely prove costly in the long run.
Advice: Have the strength to look long term despite the quarterly pressure from "the street."
Pros: Even though a victim of the economic downturn, I have no general ill will towards SAP.  This was a good company to work for.  There was allot of energy and they take care of their employees.  Benefits are very good, including a very reasonable severance.  Decisions may be short sighted, as with most publicly held companies these days, but they do tend to take care of their people.

Cons: Internal systems are really slow and cumbersome. There are a lot of people who seem to do nothing and still work there forever. Very sexist culture. If you are a woman, be prepared to be treated like a second class citizen
Advice: Take a careful look at HR. Women are not taken seriously. I tried to fire a man who harassed one  of my female sales reps but no one took me seriously because I was a new manager, even though  I have 15 years of experience.
Pros: Great benefits, training. Free lunch with healthy food. The quotas are completely out of touch with reality of the pipeline. People take credit for deals they they didn't have anything to do anything with.

Cons: SAP is a German company and so is not a perfect cultural fit for someone from the U.S. with a liberal mindset. The focus is on profit, and we are very good at it. But I feel pressure to deliver in less time than is required, and believe that our customers are not always well-served. Primarily, my message is that this on-premise company is integrating aspects of a cloud-based company, but killing off some of the benefits and joy of working for a cloud environment.
Advice: Listen to your employees.
Pros: I am well paid and have lots of flexibility (because the cloud company I worked for was acquired). I'm able to work from home and have a generous vacation policy and benefits package. I do interesting work and enjoy my teammates.

Cons: SAP has become a very large organization with around 100k employees. Having been here 18 years it has lost some of its internal culture but I guess that is to be expected when you have experienced such growth.
Advice: SAP is still very much a top down company.  Make it easier for employees with ideas to percolate these ideas to the top.
Pros: Been here over 18 years.  Like the industry, SAP is constantly evolving with the times and has come from Mainframe, to Client Server, to the Web and now is a force in Cloud Computing.  What has impressed me the most is that SAP will invest and retrain its employees as opposed to going out finding those new skills.
If you like learning new skills, this is the place for you.

Cons: Although the company talks about empowerment and unlearned hierarchies to self manage. Board mandates demonstrate a lack of trust in the same employees it wants to empower.
Advice: Trust your employees.  Provide guidance but don't limit our ability to spend a few extra dollars to do what's right for the employees especially under crazy times (Covid).  The current mandate on purchasing equipment at home has led to difficult situations for some of our employees who can't afford the same luxuries as many..    Plus different restrictions per regions is inconsistent and doesn't help.
Pros: The company does truly care for it's employees and customers. Strategy focused on a stronger integration and quality is promising as it really focuses on our customers.

Cons: Internal processes still needs to be streamlined. Takes lot of effort to accomplish things internally. I certain organizations like consulting there are still lot of middle managers.
Advice: Stay focused on our current strategy of making our software available on-premise, on-cloud and on-mobile. Be transparent about your decision to make large acquisitions and also how it will be integrated into core SAP applications. Streamline our internal processes so software can developed and delivered in shorter cycle.
Pros: SAP is a very employee friendly company. Company has recently become more focused in becoming a cloud company even though it takes longer to recognize revenue and it is less profitable then SAP's core on-premise business. New leadership under Bill McDermott is very good and transparent about SAP's future and strategy.

Cons: It is one big shop and very focused on many industries.  This leads to issues that relate to the corporate direction and comms conflicting with the specific vertical market's issues.  Takes lots to balance this out by region
Advice: Zero in on the realities of specific markets and let the teams that know the markets lead the domination of said markets.  The real oppty in high tech that many already figured out is to extend the brand and messages vertically vs horizontal.  And to also drive the people on vertical goal sets....
Pros: Solid corp that pays well and does cares about their people.  SAP has grown very fast and no longer produces the old SAP only software and services.  Also strong teams of smart people

Cons: 1. This isn't a traditional 'con' - it's about being aware that the culture isn't a fit for everyone. If you like a high level of engagement with your manager and being given exact directions on what is expected of you, this is not likely the place for you *unless* you're seeking a Quality Management/Quality Assurance/Testing/Tech Support type role. SAP is what I call an "entrepreneurial" company, that gives employees a lot of latitude in how to shape their job and how to define their career path. I love it, and I've had the chance to try a lot of different roles in my time here - but I have also seen wonderful, talented, intelligent people become exceedingly frustrated. E.g., I may have a short biweekly call with my manager (who is remote), and find that sufficient for discussing my projects, but some people may feel the need to speak with their manager multiple times per week with their manager to get direction on certain problems, or talk through ideas they have. Many managers aren't used to that type of 'constant feedback loop' of engagemnet - so I think it's important to understand if you come to SAP, you're going to be trusted to make a lot of decisions on your own, and you're going to be expected by most managers to be able to do that. I've heard people complain that when they asked a manager "What should i do?" the manager's response was "What do you *think* you should do?" If that bothers you, then you may not find SAP the best fit for your preference in management style, OR you should ensure when you interview, that you discuss your preference and expectations for the level of engagment from your manager. SAP wants people to be happy, but employees also have to be self-aware to understand the corporate culture, in general, and decide if it's a fit.

2. Constant, continual organizational change. Sometimes every 6 months, at least once per year. Change is common at all large businesses, but it does seem SAP moves the puzzle pieces around more often than peers.

3. One of the clearest areas that we see the origins of SAP as a German company founded by engineers is the number of templates - powerpoing and spreadsheets - that are created, maintained, and mandated for people to use. You may find processes are 'over-engineered' compared to other companies, and that can be frustrating... but it's improving, and if filling out a spreadsheet is the worst thing you can say about your job, it's really not bad at all!
Advice: - Continue to fight the over-engineering of processes. 
- Ensure virtual teams have at least 1 opportuity per year to come together to meet in person and build/maintain personal networks. 
- Continue to promote job exchanges/fellowships to cross-pollinate skillsets
- Roll out the excellent formal mentoring and coaching program to the full employee base
- Send every employee to SAPPHIRE at least once per 5 years of employment - it's the most amazing, invigorating, empowering experience to see SAP from the outside, the way our customers see us... it never fails to re-energize employees and is a chance to hear first-hand from customers, which many people never get to do in internal roles.
- Keep pushing the boundaries - at 44 years, it's astonishing how well we've avoided the pitfalls that have done in much younger IT companies, and that's directly related to the Board and CEO vision and leadership.
Pros: I've worked in multiple roles over a decade in different locations - it's amazing to be able to have a widely varied career while staying in the same company... best of both worlds. Incredibly collaborative, open culture where knowledge-sharing is the default. 

E.g., I have often used keywords to pick someone's name out of the corporate address book (when I need an expert, but don't know anyone to ask), and emailed or called them and say "I am looking for someone to help with x", and not once has anyone said "not my job" - every single time, and I'm talking dozens of times - the person helped me directly or gave me an introduction. 

You can move around and do different jobs within the company based on your interest and career growth plan - you can even change careers completely, if you want. One friend went from product management, where he was a functional expert on a topic working with the Sales team, to being a consultant and traveling to work with customers on-site. I personally changed from pre-sales to product management to marketing over the course of my career - and was totally supported by every manager in my chain to make those changes. That's incredibly rare.

The corporate culture is the best thing about the company. Sure, there are challenges - but every company has challenges, there's no perfect work, and no job is always fun, or simple. But compared to other companies I've interviewed with, and have friends working for, SAP is not only highly ethical and personally collaborative, it's a breath of humanistic fresh air compared to most American companies in the same industry, from supporting remote work as a default for most roles, to providing competitive benefits with better-than-average vacation. 

Additional pro, depending on your role (with manager approval) you can work remotely from other SAP offices or locations. For example, if you want to visit someone in another state, as long as you have your laptop you can work from their house during the day, and have the evenings free to spend with them. Or if I take vacation to the South of France for a week, I could extend the trip by 3 days and enjoy a second weekend traveling around, and  work several days from our office in Nice, and then fly home mid-week when the rates are cheaper. And when you have more vacation days to use, it's an amazing way to extend your vacation options, which for Americans in particular is in too short supply most of the time.

Cons: Everyone is at risk every day. Making your number is not job security. Some Line leaders engage in inappropriate monitoring of emails, calendars, and stealth eavesdropping on phone calls. In their quest to make the annual goal managers have become shells of their former selves. A lot more best  left unsaid.
Advice: Inspect what you expect. Go deeper in the organization than your staff which is filtered and  managed. Employees  are inspired to do great things. Give them leaders and not bricklayers.  Ideas and activity are pent up. Tap your resources. Woman continue as a minority and poor conditions continue. Fire HR as they are complicit.
Pros: It has been a good place to work and SAP Global Leaders aspire to instilling goals supporting and rewarding employees.

Cons: SAP is transforming to meet the needs of its customers and this causes a lot of change that can upset people that have been in the company for a while as change is always challenging.
Advice: Keep communicating the vision and strategy as it relates to the operational changes as that eases the concern and sometimes frustration people feel. Continue to drive forward the Customer First approach as all colleagues rally around our customer's best interest. Continue to drive out redundancy where we find it so we can continue to streamline our business and run as efficiently as possible.
Pros: The people I have had the pleasure of working with for the last six years. SAP colleagues are welcoming, collaborative and always come together for the common good of SAP and SAP's customers.

Cons: HR puts up road blocks and does not reward loyalty with higher pay or opportunities.  There is some degree of empire-building with ex-Siebel and ex-Oracle etc. people coming into higher level positions and immediately promoting their brethren hired in 2 weeks later.  Also some short-sightedness in my opinion on quarterly results for license sales.
Advice: Don't focus too much on quarterly results - there has to be a strategic vision of where we're going - not just globally, but regionally or we will never get there.  Maybe this is ther - but it's clearly not a priority for employee communicaitons.
Pros: Great reputation in the software world - de facto standard for ERP.  Comp is competitive but not great- unless you leave and come back.

Cons: Culture is a mixed blessing -- everyone has a say and an opinion which often leads to indecision or "group think" mentality.  Risk takers are rewarded and/or chastised depending on the situation and group.
Advice: Keep a steady hand on the tiller during this economic storm.  Human capital is a much more precious resource than profit, and much harder to replenish when the tough times are in the rear view mirror.
Pros: Highly professional organization with a solid well-respected industry reputation. Very flexible results oriented work environment with right mix of work/life balance. Compensation is on the high-end of normal compared with previous employers. Politics plays a much lower role in perceived performance than results, especially when compared to other companies in the same field.

Cons: As mentioned above Cambridge, MA field office is not a place to put your professional career on a fast track.
Advice: The lower level management seems to be down to earth but higher ups need to invest more time into finding out what it is their subordinates do and how they do it.
Pros: The company definitely makes an impact and is full of opportunities to learn and grow with but ... for that you have to move to California where its headquarter is. Field offices (at least Cambridge one) offer limited space to grow - you hit glass ceiling very quickly.
Cambridge, MA office offers free public transport pass, lunches (fairly good), reasonably large work space. Employees are respected by the management. The company offers tuition support for some courses.

Cons: Time consuming internal processes that can slow down deal cycles. Too much emphasis on cumbersome and redundant sales forecast reporting. With the exception of a few managers, leadership is non-existent.
Advice: Provide that type of support the sales staff require to do their job efficiently and effectively. Facilitate a more cohesive company culture. Minimize the (seemingly) constant changing of internal processes that have a direct effect on the day to day duties of its employees.
Pros: Demand for the company's cloud product mix is very high, with strong pipe. Good place to gain front line exposure within the (B2B) cloud software space on a global scale.  Flexible work from home policy. Very seasoned and skilled sales professionals throughout the org. Great place to gain large scale, enterprise deal making experience.

Cons: Work life balance does not exist at all.  You are able to work from home because that is what will be necessary for you to get the help you need or to continue finishing up work given.  Minimal training and learn as you go sort of deal.
Advice: Focus on improving training for employees and have a more realistic and appropriate learning curve for new employees.  Ensure that employees receive the help they need and look after how individuals are transitioning into the role rather than assigning extreme workloads and unrealistic deadlines all at once.
Pros: Work from home on occasion on a flexible schedule and basis, some flexibility in terms of which hours to work during the day/night.  There is not really much else to say here besides that.

Cons: There is always a chance that a team you like doesn't have headcounts due to organizational changes, even if they say they have headcounts, because they need your free work in their teams.
Advice: Care less about being on time and look at performance
Pros: Great program that lets new grads find out their true passion in technology. With a CS degree, you can explore in dev, QA, design and PM roles. One year, four rotations. Best benefit is meeting so many people in different teams, work/life balance, and trip to Germany. Highly recommended even if salary is not as good as FB or Google in Silicon Valley. Moreover, there are lots of training resources available for you in between rotations.

Cons: Like any big company you can expect to deal with some complexity and should be prepared  to navigate this!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an amazing company with a fantastic culture that's highly supportive and where everybody has a common goal of doing innovative work. There's a lot of flexibility for different working arrangements around family or other personal commitments - it's a very people-centered company, and in a very genuine way, with the right support, investment and structures to enable these different arrangements. There's also plenty of well supported opportunities to work in different roles and geographies.

Everyone is focused on delivering high quality work and you should be prepared to be held highly accountable for that level of quality and impact but this work is highly rewarding.

Cons: Building out succession planning and frequent, major changes in the organizational structure. While
Change is good and needed, SAP restructured departments and made major changes continuously. It was difficult to see if the impact of the changes were successful because the next change was already in the works.
Advice: Continue to meet with team members on a weekly basis, think creatively and have fun
Pros: The culture at SAP is undeniably strong. Management does an incredible job of focusing on company goals and getting you to think bigger picture. They really tie you into why you do what you do, and how every role is important. The industry itself promotes the growth and positive atmosphere in the company. People seriously love this place and you see it within everyone you meet.

Cons: One of the downsides is that it is hard to know where to go for information as there are so many departments and teams and group emails.  Having a better directory of team/departments/emails would be helpful.
Advice: Keep allowing the flexibility in work life balance.  that is a HUGE win in my book.  Sell it more during the interview process.
Pros: I have worked for several other companies on my way here to Fieldglass and I can say, without hesitation, that SAP Fieldglass gets it.  They do not micromanage, they are flexible, caring, understanding and make it a joy to come to work each day.  I have been given the opportunity to work from home, leave early and many other work life balance requests.  My manager is supportive and encouraging to my career development.

Cons: HR/IT ticket support departments need some work! I’ve had an HR ticket sitting open for 4 months with no response. IT responses to tickets can be too cryptic. This item alone is super frustrating when you need help and if you’re new to SAP. 
Remote Office: This is not really a Con but more of a challenge for those who haven’t been 100% remote before. I’m so used to being in an office and collaborating with others. Working 100% from home has taken some time to get used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life Balance and flexibility, Benefit offerings are competitive, Compensation is competitive with the market, opportunities for Growth, leaders are focused on your development and co-workers are amazing to work with! I’ve never worked at an organization where you’ve actually felt valued as an employee. Highly recommend working here!

Cons: Can be almost impossible to get your ideas properly considered unless you know the right people, but then many large companies are like this. Although getting better, many people still seem to think that SAP is the center of the software universe which means opportunities are missed - see Advice to Management.
Advice: Although a leader with HANA and Mobile, on many other technologies SAP is a follower. Need to be more pro-active in identifying the potential of new technology opportunities and trends at an earlier stage.
Pros: Amazing sales force with good products - especially HANA. Very customer focused. Managed very well with good senior management. Good work environment. Can also get a good work-life balance ... but you still have to contribute.

Cons: Too little focus on employees and customer satisfaction; too much emphasis on margins and product development; too much complexity across business units and matrixed management; too much confusion re: partners and integration; no accountability except for sales/margin numbers.
Advice: Get back to basics and focus on customer and employee satisfaction, while developing super solutions.  Simplify and focus.  Change support and services pricing models to make them more attractive/competitive.
Pros: It's a popular solution for large enterprise businesses, but struggling with opposition from the following:  niche s/w and services solutions that address comprehensive in-depth business capabilities, e.g. Workday, Salesforce; and large enterprise s/w companies that can provide global, mobile products at a more effective price point, particularly based upon cloud capabilities.

Cons: Too big of a company to make immediate decisions or get customer service issues handled in a timely matter.  Sales process is completely micromanaged and you will have to update upper management 3x a week on the same information. Managers are not upfront about actual comp made within verticals and territories .  Takes years to get a pipeline and by then they will have already changed your territory or vertical or job description.
Advice: Be upfront about true comp and actual OTE earnings.  Stand up to upper management about changes and getting your employees credit for deals they work on or originate.
Pros: Free Lunch, Great benefits, Travel stipend, 3000 products to sell, salary + ote when you reach Large Enterprise sales

Cons: - Sales environment is tuff but rewarding
- Can be bureaucratic and political but what large company isn't.
Advice: - Put more focus on customers than on sales, profit and the current quarter
- Need to decide if you want to be in services business or not.  If so, do what it takes to be a great services organization, not just a high margin one.
- The amount of leadership change on the services side is baffling. Pick some winners and stick with them. 
- Do more around leadership development and succession planning.
Pros: - Company continues to strive and invest to be at forefront of business and IT, SAP is an exciting place to work.
- Great benefits, people, and pay
- Lots of smart people to work with and opportunities abound
- Mature processes, management and capabilities

Cons: Pay is relatively less compared to the market and they don't have great benefits in terms on bonus and company shares.
Advice: Pay the employee what they deserve and promote based on merit and not the number of years spent in the company
Pros: There's a new project to work on every three months, so things move at a fast pace. Good in a way because you don't tend to get bored working on the same thing. And there's always lots to learn. People in general are nice to work with and the company has reasonably flexible hours. You are allowed to work from home occasionally and there's no dress code. Situated in Reston just minutes away from Wiehle station and very close to the future metro stop. The company has a lot going for it.

Cons: The  Market Development team has gone through a roller coaster of management in the past 2-3 years. The current regime has caused a severe downturn in morale, productivity, and trust in the process, and unfortunately Concur as a whole.

The rest of the managers have a lot of potential, but are forced to abide by upper management's leadership style. The major issue that I ran into was that I constantly was being talked to like a child rather than a working professional. An awesome pro of working for Concur was their benefits including 25 days PTO, however if you take a vacation, and do not hit your goal (which is astronomically high, while only increasing) you will be chastised. In fact, some were asked "do you really think you should take that PTO over Christmas with how your month is going?" 

The job itself is difficult enough, cold calling is difficult enough. The job of leadership is to be selfless, to be a part of the grind, and to MOTIVATE people, rather than showing up late, leaving early, taking constant PTO, but then belittling their employees when they want the same (or similar) freedoms.

You will also need to be in seat for a minimum of 1 year, while attaining the high quota consistently to be eligible for a promotion. Elsewhere in the organization it is based on merit and production for a promotion, however in Market Dev the leadership (primarily directors) were more worried about hitting their own numbers, and how much you can help pad their pockets than your career development. They will do whatever they can to keep the  top performers on their team to help themselves, rather than helping you progress in your career within Concur.

One final con: At Concur, and now SAP Concur you are a part of an incredible organization that strives to change businesses and lives of their employees as well as yours as an employee of SAP Concur. In Market Development, you are told NOT to attend the all hands meetings, the team celebration lunches, etc. because that time is better suited with you on the phone. This completely secludes the MDR teams from the bigger picture, and thus makes you feel like nothing but a number
Advice: When I left the morale of the Market Development floor was at an all time low, and only sinking further.

I would recommend  for upper leadership to take a deep look at how the MDR's are currently being trained, coached, and how they are being compensated. 

Unfortunately when I left, top performers were the unhappiest on the floor, because the light at the end of the tunnel was being forced smaller and smaller
Pros: -Concur has unlimited opportunities for career growth (once out of Market dev.)
-The people you work with are fun, friendly, and you will want to hang out out with them outside of work
-The product is amazing, and if you are able to get to a point in the company that you get to sell the product and not a meeting, it really is a value-added service
-Great Benefits

Cons: If you have worked for the company for little longer, there is view that you are not ready for new challenges.. your ideas are stale.  You have to be on the good side of the Directors in R&amp;D. You cant challenge them and cant disagree with them. I wish Upper management talk to team other than Directors to get the view of the department.

 I have seen people quit the company and join back, to get a Hike, promotion and to get to work on new technology.  They are forced to do it. I wish they give training and enough challenge to employees who love Concur and love work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Acquisition of Concur by SAP, actually helped the company to look into their tech debt. The company is investing on the technical debt.

Cons: SAPs purchase of Successfactors has negatively impacted Work/Life balance
-From Unlimited Vacation Days to 16 days a years. High billability requirement  
-From Quarter Bonuses now moved to annual
-Ability to Max Bonuses from 300% now only to 150%
-Health Care Option PPO.. high dedectible or high premium - pick your poisen
-No raises after SAP purchase or no bonus rate hike.
-No team connection - since more than 50% works from home.
-Not sure where the opportunity growth is.
Advice: To keep top talent around.  Remember what keeps employees happy.  Benefits need to get better - taking a day off shouldnt be a struggle.
Pros: Work From Home flexibilty. Ability to buy Stock Options at a great discount.
SAP Growth is going to be great.

Cons: Poor work / life balance
Significant execution challenges trying to compete against Cloud vendors
High Executive turn over - instability and constant shifts in messaging and direction
Advice: You can't fix what you don't acknowledge and the culture discourages openness.        
Purchasing smaller cloud companies doesn't make SAP a Cloud company.     
The architecture of the company's core applications will be increasingly difficult for the company to sustain in the long run - difficult to be effective in the cloud.     
Too much emphasis on one particular database product - one that the market isn't adopting as an agnostic solution.
Pros: Competitive compensation and benefits
Flexible work location and hours

Cons: There was a huge culture clash between SAP and SuccessFactors.  SAP bought us, so they had the right to operate as they saw fit.  Unfortunately all A+ players left the company.  Comp plans ultimately changed by SAP which was a big driver in the exodus.
Advice: Trust in the SuccessFactors team to do what they know best.  Do not interfere with how to sell a SaaS solution and don't get it twisted up in legacy, outdated, old-school perpetual license deals.
Pros: Was at SuccessFactors in the early days through 2015 and truly enjoyed it.  Management team responsible for growth was outstanding.  A life changing experience for sure.

Cons: You can sometimes feel lost as a lot of employees' managers don't even live in the same state, and sometimes country, as them. So the first few weeks are about finding your groove and meeting as many people who can help you as possible.
Advice: Ask new employees how they're feeling about SAP more frequently.
Pros: Very relaxed work environment. Most people don't have desks so it's incredibly easy to network without even trying because you have the ability to sit next to new people everyday. I've met executives, interns, professionals and managers just from being able to sit wherever I wanted to sit. You can work from home a lot because all you need is a laptop to get your work done. Everything is done virtually for the most part.

Cons: Different teams and departments struggle with different things. In professional services or consulting (my team) you work long days and travel often. Sometimes the internal processes are time consuming and they do not allow for enough time for you to manage this on top of your customers. Additionally, in professional services, you do not always feel like you are apart of SAP which is unfortunate.
Advice: Improve the professional services processes and allow for more time to get internal items completed.
Pros: Valued as an employee, great benefits, and if you don't end up loving your current job  the opportunities for internal movement and growth are endless. I came to SAP from a horrible previous employee and I was shocked at how great a company and the employees could be.

Cons: I don't even know where to begin. I put "people" under  but that didn't mean mean they are technically sound. QA Dept is the worst of all. That should tell u how cheap, unstable and buggy the product is. Before I left, I heard a lot how the product is perceived in the market. And let me tell you it's NOT good. 
This company pays way below market rate so if you are in dire need for a job then work here. Otherwise work here and keep looking for job outside.
Advice: Focus on stability of the product.
Pros: - People
- Flexible work hours

Company is in good location. Many other tech companies nearby. No other pros. Glassdoor is asking me add 20 words.

Cons: Somewhat high or increasing performance metrics.
Advice: None
Pros: Concur is an incredible place to start a career if you're interested in sales. The culture is absolutely amazing and the energy on the Market Development floor is incredible. 

I came into the role without much experience in Tech or Sales and leadership is so encouraging to help you learn and grow and coach you along all the way. The atmosphere is very collaborative but competitive as well which keeps it fun. The role gives you a lot of autonomy and lets you manage your territory how you want, as long as your proving results. 

Opportunity for growth is astonishing within Concur and Market Development is considered a large pool of internal promotion candidates. I received two promotions in my first 7 months.

Cons: We seem to be a very engineering-driven organization, which is he only thing that frustrates me at SAP -- we are not well funded to do our jobs in marketing and are continually asked to do more with less budget.  Some potential growth areas are so underfunded we are actually missing growth opportunities.  This is not limited to budget, but also to headcount to get things done. My teams have continued to shrink while adding more responsibility.
Advice: Please consider proper funding for all areas of the business.
Pros: Competitive Salary, and benefits. Great flexibility to work from home. Excellent stock purchase plan. In 13 years I've never gotten less than 100% of my bonus. Pretty amazing considering some of the economic downturns weathered since 2006!

Cons: Brown nosers and squeaky wheels are often rewarded
Be cautious "taking one for the team" as they can limit your ability to sell (which is the only KPI that really matters).   Taking on a troubled customer can have negative consequences
License team members (AE's) can be quick to throw you (or the services line of business) under the bus for self-serving reasons
There is a deliberate effort underway to replace many of the older people.  Wish I could write more on this topic.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of room to be creative (within limits) with customer deals
Pay can be very good for top sellers. 
Many very smart and competent coworkers although it seems to be declining a bit
To a large degree, the account(s) to which you are assigned determine your success (maybe a "con").

Cons: Promotions (in Consulting) can take very long even if you have been doing very well , its just a near flat organization

Too much travel, constantly on the road. 

The company sometimes seems too big and there is just too much information out there in the internal portal, It can exhaust you to look for simple things..
Advice: Utilization numbers matter. But they dont improve customer satisfaction. Change your reward mechanisms away from utilization only.
Pros: Vast opportunity to learn because of the diversity and complexity of our products for just about any industry /sector or business problem. 
Multicultural environment, excellent rapport across teams. 
Lateral career opportunities , relocation to a number of different countries and cities - can be awesome for someone who likes to travel.

Cons: Over the years, SAP North America has become increasingly focused on internal power struggles and politics. While the Customer Success message is nice, there are very few leaders left who will choose to do the right thing if it includes any bit of risk to them personally. It is unfortunate how drastically the character of the company has changed for the worse in such a short period of time.
Advice: Focus more outside the 4 walls, truly on our customer's success, and support our employees who choose to do the same, even when that is prioritized over internal projects more focused on internal power struggles and individual gains.
Pros: SAP has relationships with many of the most influential corporations in the world, and thus a tremendous opportunity to truly help the world run better. Also developer of amazing analytic tools, SAP has an opportunity to help address some of our nation's biggest challenges such as COVID, homelessness, mental health, recidivism, etc.

Cons: -no incoming leads 
-400 calls /500 emails 3 meetings and 2 net new opportunities every week (Unrealistic).
- You get assigned a fixed number of accounts, which a large majority have requested not be contacted.
-Micro Managing by the director constantly with E-Mails. 
- Extremely stressful and a large percentage of the DDE team is on a 90 day plan because they can't hit numbers. 

-Massive turnover with Account Executives that you support.

-No work life balance. Job requires 50-70 hours a week min.. 

- No upward movement.. You won't last two years for the job to look good on your resume.
Advice: Unrealistic expectations DDE's have more accounts than others, so there targets should be according to the number of accounts.

To many calls and emails. 

Stop micro-managing.

Promote from within.
Pros: Good benefits,401k match and base salary.

Cons: No work life balance in senior management - sometimes busy-ness and meetings take over and we lose touch with staff. Need closer ties across sales force and supporting teams.
Advice: Need to believe in Bill and Jim's inspiration and direction and remove cultural obstacles. Make tough changes with staff who don't believe in working with more passion and velocity. SAP is back so we must all lead and encourage leadership at every level
Pros: Work life balance in middle management is good. More innovative today than SAP has ever been since ERP started. More pride now that SAP is one of world's top 25 brands (assessed by Interbrand). Communication getting better and feeling that Oracle whilst still strong has had its day

Cons: - Management.
- Being a global company can mean trying to work with people in different time zones. If you don't mind working non-typical hours, this isn't bad.
- Career opportunities limited in La Crosse
- No work/life balance
Advice: - Replace the deadbeat managers.  Most of them are under-qualified, lacking basic management skills.
- Fix the morale problems. Employees are burned out due to the excessive work load, mostly due to mismanagement.
Pros: The company itself does a lot for it's employees, but each office is different with some being better than others. In La Crosse, the engineering managers are non-technical and have little management training, so they're difficult to work with. Other offices I have worked with seem to have better leaders, so if you're looking to work in another office, ignore this review.
Being a global company, there are opportunities to travel and/or work with people in other countries. Also, there are opportunities to relocate and for personal advancement.

Cons: If you are not connected to the right people, moving up the company is a challenge. Managers hire people they know, not necessarily the right person for the job.
Advice: If you just hire people because you have a personal relationship with them, you may get undesired results from what they produce. Just because you know the person doesn't make them right for the job you are hiring for. You are missing out on a lot of talented candidates simply because you do not know who they are.
Pros: SAP has great benefits and is one of the highest paying companies I've worked for. The prestige of SAP makes it a great place to really launch your career to the next level.

Cons: Management not qualified. Must be with managers bff to stay in the circle of trust even though you are married. Say no and lose your job. "WOW".  Want to break up your family. No raise in 3 years. Ask for raise! Get raise! then get terminated. Tell uper management and they do nothing about it. If you want to work here be prepaired to be PIMPED.
Advice: Replace your IT management/IT Director she does 2 jobs. Not qualified look at credentials.  Same as mine. I could have sued SAP on many occasions but did not. Was fired for reasons unwaranted then rehired just to be fired when my contract was up. This place is sick and needs a doctor. Buddy system not whats best for the company. Good Luck with this SAP.
Pros: All of the workers are very nice people. Work life balance is good. Free soda's and fruit.

Cons: - If you want to grow in the company you better say yes to moving (not sure if this is a con but it could also be a pro)
- People who exceed in performance may get better benefits (this is true with all companies)
- If you think you exceed in performance and if it does not match their calculation and matrix, do not expect much at the end of the year (raises and others)
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefit and atmosphere
- Lots of path to take for your career
- Acknowledging and guiding professional growth (In short it is part of their process to ask you what do you want to do and they will help you get there)
- For high caliber individuals, more room to mold your career

Cons: Inconsistency on budget distribution across the company results in some areas to burn money without having to show real benefits to the Company while some other are begging funding to develop customer needs
Multi-fragmentation on software roadmap and maintenance.
Some teams are supporting markets with no timezone overlap to engage with customers
Slow decision making process especially at middle management
Rework and reinvention of the wheel from bad Management decisions.
Too non-technical people deciding or managing technical projects or decisions.
Advice: Bring knowledgeable and experience people to challenge and enrich your strategic and executive decisions.
Engagement
Pros: Board vision and strategy, passion of its employees for the Company and its products, SAP technology and products, good salary and benefits, encouragement for education and training, important knowledge base, home office,

Cons: If you are not able to establish a good network or don't have a mentor it's sometimes hard to advance your career in the often times fast spinnig software industry.
Advice: Starting at SAP straight from school / university might not lead to the salary you expect when you reach 30 years of age. This is what always bothered me and I had to fight hard to get the pay somebody hired from outside would get doing my job.
Pros: Global company, with lots of opportunities in very different areas, be it in Finance, R&amp;D, Sales, Marketing or Service. And basically all job profiles you can imagine are needed: teachers for our learning solutions, medical doctors in the Healthcare Industry unit,  farmers for our agriculture engagement etc.

Cons: - Hard to navigate because there are so many different units. going from one to another is difficult unless you have a connection
- Process can be slow and complex as part of the large European company
- Integration of product lines slow
Advice: - Do not lose the more nimble culture from the acquired companies 
- It is time to break down the barriers that currently dictate locale-specific workforce
- Keep focus on expanding the Board to include representatives from other regions
Pros: - Employee Network Groups have strong support by management to grow diversity and inclusion
- Innovation Challenges available to work with new people and create new applications to better the world
- Multiple best in breed product lines
- Remote work was easily supported

Cons: - Like any large organization, it can take time to make significant change happen.
- There's been a lot of organizational change over the past 6 - 9 months, though this has settled in the past two months.
Advice: There is a lot of organizational change happening which needs to be carefully balanced with getting the work done that we need to.
Pros: - At the forefront of enterprise technology.
- Results driven which makes for a dynamic and interesting place to work.
- Excellent benefits options.
- Very supportive of people on all levels; committed to diversity, inclusion, and making a positive impact to the world with programs like 1 Billion Lives, and a commitment to solutions for sustainability.
- Lots of opportunities to work on a wide range of innovation projects.

Cons: Some managers ignore the SAP guidelines and overrule the corporate guidelines to suit their own opinions.
Advice: When you force people to do anything they don’t like, it will always come back to you.  I know of several employees who have wanted to work remotely or currently want to be full time remote workers.  Everyone that I have spoken to, has told me that they left already or will leave, as soon as they find other employment.  No company will ever retain an employee that does not want to work in an office, by forcing them to move to that office, 99% will accept the corporate decision to work in an office ONLY until they find other employment.
Pros: Some good managers for teams

Cons: It is a typical large company where every few years the company/sub-division/departments gets reorganized and employees either gets shifted around or laid off. Hard working and valuable employees are treated as dispensable. HR does not listen nor care about you. The review process is a joke. There were too many meetings being held and not enough time to actually perform work. 80% of the time were meetings to discuss what to work on and only 20% of the time was available to do work.
Advice: None
Pros: I supported two managers and two teams and loved working for them. The benefits were great, including the extra benefits that are typical from large software/tech companies.

Cons: Upper management has become a good ole boys club.  This was not always the case and I hope it will some day go back to a place where collaboration with employess at all levels is valued.
Advice: Stop the trying to separate from the rest of the "common people" that are doing the grunt work.  The ideas and opinions of  the employees from  consultants on up should be considered when making decisions.  1st line managers can not approve a $30.00 expense.  Instead the CIO must approve this.  What's up with that?
Pros: SAP has the best consultants in the world.  They are the most knowledgeable and innovative I've ever worked with.

Cons: Lots of nepotism, need to know people for your career to go anywhere. Extremely limited career progression choices. Useless unproductive middle management. Very poor work life balance. No focus on services, the services side plays second fiddle to the licence company. They will give away services free to sell/increase licence adoption.
Advice: Focus on people and not only shareholders/stock market. Shareholders will dump you at the slightest hitch but employees can make or break a company. Keep a share of services for the company and don't let cheap delivery services in the market ruin the overall services market for SAP.
Pros: Nice place to work, good working environment though it may change depending upon client interaction. Pretty decent perks but most have been whittled away lately.

Cons: They use outdated technology and have lot of bugs which is frustrating for customers. The company is trying to adopt new technologies but they are too slow. If you are an aspiring engineer, this place might not be for you because career growth and development for engineers is not a priority. The rewards and growth promises are reserved for everyone except engineers so many talented engineers leave the company. This makes the product quality poor and below standards.
Advice: Focus on innovation and reward your engineers like many silicon valley companies. This is missing and critical for companies like SuccessFactors to improve product quality by attracting and preserving talent.
Pros: It is a SAP company so there are many benefits to employees.
Office building, Free Food, Gym, Shuttle Service.

Cons: No work from home arrangements although I understand they have relaxed that to some degree over the past few years.  Many reorgs over the years which can create instability and confusion.  There always seemed to be an annual reorg which put everyone on edge.
Advice: None
Pros: Very progressive work culture which promoted collaboration and innovation.  When I first got there in 2001 the benefits were 100% paid for by the company.  When the bubble burst they took more and more money out of our paychecks each year.  By the time I left in 2007 they were growing and starting to reward for performance.

Cons: It is a highly political environment. You don't necessarily need skills or experience for the job to get hired at SAP. One just need to know right people to get any job at SAP. People get hired on teams with no expertise or skill set. It can be challenging to work on a team where your colleague and your manager are friends.
Advice: Need more transparency around promotions and hiring practices.
Pros: SAP is a global company and one of the best cloud companies out there. you learn a lot from cross team collaborations. The company tries a lot to give its employees work-life balance and opportunities to grow. Many employees have been working for the company for several years. It certainly provides job security.

Cons: SAP has completely integrated SuccessFactors into their corporate culture and it's been a challenging transition to say the least. The management team has almost been completely turned over and filled with SAP suits. No one hesitates to throw someone else under the bus in order to look good or deflect negativity from executives. Corporate culture barely exists any longer. SAP can't get out of their own way.
Advice: Focus on achieving the results that you claim that your solutions provide such as, retaining top talent, reducing turnover, driving employee engagement and empowerment, etc.
Pros: Great solutions, leading position in a high-demand market, lots of R&D spend via SAP

Cons: It's a big company. You own your career. It could be easy to get lost, but from my limited perspective so far, if you have the drive to succeed, SAP will help you get where you want to go
Advice: Continue what you're doing and keep listening to your employees
Pros: I love it here. Coming from other companies, I have had a wide range of experience from an employee perspective, and SAP really does their best to treat their employees the best they can. 

Pros:
1. The work environment is wonderful. Collaboration, support, innovation: it's all there, and very prevalent
2. Mangers are excellent. They listen to your feedback, guide you for your career, and help set you up for success
3. The pay, benefits, vacation, etc. is all excellent

Cons: Not very innovative, and becoming increasing unable to execute. Living off large maintenance revenue stream. No cloud strategy. Retail Industry business unit has no leadership and no real power to develop solution direction and investment. development teams unable to execute in reasonable time compared to competition. Sales organization in North America does not know how to sell retail solutions and unable to position what they have. Net new License revenue growth in North America has been limited over past three years at best.
Advice: Stop investing in retail development because your sales organization does not know how to sell retail solutions.
Pros: Provides good solid benefits, talented people, solid and very large global customer base, very flexible with ability to work from home. Strong financially stable. Extensive global partner eco-system.

Cons: - Can be rather slow to adopt newer technologies such as cloud, etc. (however, the company is moving rapidly to cloud-based technologies)
- Not really a full advocate of open-source software (this is slowly getting better....slowly though)
- A large international company and the cons that come with that (i.e. layoffs, etc).
- Policies can feel kind of scattered at times since they frequently purchase smaller companies.
Advice: Continue to keep the focus on your employees and continue to embrace openness in technology.
Pros: - The company's greatest asset is truly considered to be its employees.
- Really good benefits and compensation.
- A large international company and the pros that come with that (i.e. corporate stability, etc).
- Tons of jobs/roles for techs and non-techs alike.
- Work from home (project-dependent)

Cons: It's a huge company and sometimes it can be hard to navigate your way around a specific need. I.e. there are multiple internal tools that don't clearly connect together. You really have to dig your way around to find what's the best way to submit a request.
Advice: For remote employees, have a few regional activities once a quarter to increase rapport within teams in the same geo.
Pros: The culture is overall very geared towards providing good experiences for employees and clients. There's a lot of attention given to ensuring employees find a healthy work/life balance with multiple classes and activities to reinforce it. My team within Learning Services is very open, varied, and intelligent. I'm proud of the work we do every day.

Cons: Do to our size and acquisitions ... there is quite a bit of organizational overlap ... but this certainly gets minimized overtime as product integrations are further facilitated and driven across the global org.
Advice: Organic growth is a lot harder than acquisition.  It will take time ... do not rush into consolidation of functions &amp; areas so quickly - the best will drive the change needed to effectively move forward.  Sure, we'll experience revenue pain in the short run, but only for the first 12-18 mos.  be patient!! if we can...
Pros: Flexibility to work and contribute effectively virtually.  SAP C/4HANA and its specific cloud offerings empowers employees across all LoBs to better connect with and serve customers

Cons: The only negative I can think of is that the technology and methodologies change so quickly at SAP that you do have to stay on your toes.  However, I see this as a good thing since it helps me to stay current and continuously engaged.  I guess if you're lazy, you might not like working at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Before joining SAP, I was a job hopper who rarely stayed with any company for more than 2 years because I was not satisfied with the either the company or my career potential.  I have now been with SAP for almost 10 years and have no complaints at all.  It's by far the best place I have ever worked and continues to get better as each year passes.

Cons: Career development could be better organized and structured to help people advance their careers. Mostly left up to the individual to figure it out. Sometimes feels too big and siloed across departments but i think they're working on fixing that.
Advice: Put more structure and rigor around the succession planning. Right now the succession plan is just a piece of paper with no action or development around it. So when someone moves on and there's an opening, rather than activate the succession plan, it becomes a total free-for-all of individuals competing internally for the coveted opening. Good, talented employees will get frustrated and leave.
Pros: Amazingly talented people with great culture and focus on customer success. great leadership team, great benefits and pay.

Cons: Company slow to get rid of under performers, incompetent employees are tolerated for too long, company moves too slowly because decisions take too long, many poor managers in the company (especially in development, where often the most senior developer is promoted to a management position whether they are able to manage or not)
Advice: Be willing to take risks to move the company in new directions more quickly
Pros: Lots of opportunities for advancement for people who are willing to take on the challenge, great benefits, smart people, interesting work (really!), great travel opportunities, cash compensation is competitive (with big rewards for top talent employees), a lot of top-notch leadership in the upper echelon of the company

Cons: There aren’t many downsides to working at SAP.  It is a very large company with many areas which can have upsides and downsides depending on what the person is looking for.  The size provides endless opportunities , but also means that people probably likely will not know every person at the company or even in their board area.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked at SAP for over ten years in both Marketing and HR.  I consider SAP a top notch employer.  There are endless opportunists to grow and learn.  The people are some of the best and smartest I have ever met and SAP is on the cutting edge of innovation in technology.  I would highly recommend SAP as a place to work.

Cons: The employee atmosphere here is really good.  My only real "ding" is with many of their cloud products.  They really don't have their act together and it makes it difficult and sometimes demoralizing to compete against other much more nimble and user friendly firms.
Advice: You're trying hard to be a cloud company but you have a long ways to go.  Not sure if your executive management really understands the cloud.  Almost all are legacy SAP On-Premise guys.
Pros: I'm a second time around employee and was at another firm for 7 years in between. SAP is a far better place to work for now.  Previously it was much more controlled out of Germany.  Today it's a much better environment to work and thrive in.

Cons: Very difficult to break in at the entry level. They pretty much only hire existing interns into entry level positions, so if you're looking to get into the company right after college or in your early career, the internship is the real entry-level position.
Advice: None
Pros: -They allowed me to work from home full time when we relocated for my spouse's job
-Work life balance
-Great vacation days (you start out with 15 + 5 personal days, so essentially 20 right off the bat)
-Great pay, and in my position I essentially have unlimited overtime opportunities to make more money when needed
-Great overall benefits (tuition reimbursement, 12 weeks paid maternity leave + 4 weeks of part time transition back to work at full time pay, medical benefits are good)

Cons: The main disadvantage is work life balance. While management tries to promote a healthier WLB there are situations where I need to sacrifice personal time to resolve critical issues of travel unexpectedly to manage customer situations.
Advice: Continue to push your employees to be better people and more successful.
Pros: I thoroughly enjoy working for SAP. I feel challenged by my work which keeps me interested and engaged which I feel is important in the field of engineering. Most importantly I feel that the management team wants me to succeed and many go out of their way to help me.

Compensation is fair and SAP provides plenty amenities (subsidised meals/free gym facilities etc) which make going to the office more enjoyable.

Cons: Ever since SAP bought the place, 70 % of the employees have left. So some of the remaining were quickly promoted to senior management. Vast majority of them have minimum social skills. Just think there enough VPs and directors with whom I cannot have a conversation about the weather! Most of them have 0 to 4 direct reports. There are enough directors with no direct reports. I know of one director who works 11 to 3 pm, and them sets up 1-1 and other meetings after 9 pm, because here baby sleeps by 9 pm! 

As a result the remaining workers are piled on a huge amount of work. More than a typical startup. The support people are useless, hence development and qa have to find the issues. The pay scales are typically 20 % and less than market rates. No options. You will constantly reminded that you are getting paid too  much.

Typically some junior developer in China will decide the sprint schedule and once the dates are given there is no changing. If QA finds one bug, you will warned about termination. 

The teams in China and India work 9 to 5. So they schedule meetings most evenings and sun evening. If you object or miss one, you will terminated. Its pretty common for a manager to insult and berate their employees in front of everyone. If you defend yourself, you will be terminated.

Don't expect much support from HR. They will tell that you are a slave and have to work anytime the manager wants. No down time on evenings, weekends or vacations. They will typically offer some money if you agree to leave quietly.  After you sign the exit paperwork, understand that they will tell you that you violated some clause and that the money is being withheld. This is typical.

As you can imagine, skilled people come and go. During the last SAP survey, 60 % said they did not trust their boss! This is the lowest in SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Releases every 3 months, friendly co workers, fruit tray every morning, regular socials, outside speakers, beer bashes

Cons: Company tries to do too much. Initiative upon initiative. Hard to focus scarce resources.
Advice: Listen to employees more.  Identify low performers and weed them out. Simplify. Cut unnecessary costs, reduce overhead and accentuate pay for performance. People are happy but not hungry to drive the company.  They are more focused on touting themselves and standing out from the crowd. This is because the company has many internal groups and divisions that aren't all aligned. The company should follow its own recommendation to run simple, but they haven't yet.
Pros: Dynamic and constantly evolving. Limited only by your ambition and energy. Lots of smart and connected people.  Everyone is friendly and generally helpful.

Cons: High level of red tape because of the large organization.  What would take a few months elsewhere to complete could take years here.  IT is being sliced, diced, and dismissed in favor of 3rd party, both local in the form of contractors and outsourced services - usually done poorly.  Poor leaders in Germany, desperately holding onto control despite gross incompetence.
Advice: Move management away from Germany, they are poison.
Pros: Many places for opportunity in growth, if not in your position than with others in the many teams . Moving between teams usual allowed / encouraged.  Money for projects is generally not a problem, especially at the start of the year.  Lots of work to be done.

Cons: The typical global company size can sometimes be tough to wrap your head around, but I'm sure it's similar to other companies of this ilk.
Advice: Keep doing a great job as you are already, maybe making a few of the internal systems more user friendly would be helpful, but other than that keep up the great work.
Pros: I've been with SAP just about a year now, and I love it.  I work almost 100% from home which has done wonders for my psyche and allows me to be at my best every day.  I love the benefits here and my group members are always around to help and collaborate.

Cons: Not many but if you aren’t used to a large organization it could be a little shock but SAP does a GREAT job of trying to help onboard employees.
Advice: Keep up the GREAT job!!!
Pros: Coming from a smaller organization that struggled to find itself, SAP is what other organization’s should use as a template. Trust, empowerment, and rewards are just a few of the things that make SAP an organization that I love to be at. I wake up each morning excited to go to work. 

Great pay and great benefits!!  

SAP truly embodies family values. They do what they say and they practice what the preach!  Thank you SAP for giving my family the life they deserve!!

Cons: Management wants you to account for all of your time each day on a timecard even though you are salary. If you work on 20 tasks, there will be 20 entries on the timecard. You seem to spend 5% of your time just making sure that your timecard is correct.
Advice: Trust that employees are doing what needs to be done and drop the timecards. Employees do not like them. Does management enter timecards? If so, how far up the management structure does it extend?
Pros: Great benefits. Management wants you to cross train and develop skillsets to expand your role in the company. Lots of opportunities to advance. Management does seem to care about their employees from the top down.

Cons: 1. Difficult feeling connected when everyone is remote during COVID.
2. No free lunch during COVID.
3. Depending on the team, difficult to make any meaningful impact on products.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. A lot of opportunities to move horizontally if I feel like doing different projects or try a new career path.
2. Diverse employee base that feels inclusive.
3. Lots of early and older talent to get a range of perspectives on skills.
4. Very flexible with WFH policies even more so during COVID
5. Competitive pay
6. Some teams have large design groups. There's a larger overarching design organization for the whole company.
7. Health, vision, dental benefits. There are also stock incentives.

Cons: 1. Not enough bench strength in the lower exec ranks creates highly insecure and territorial behaviours.  
2. History of great engineering success is also a downside now.  Too much product development comes from engineering beliefs about critical business processes today.  They are out of touch and the market is moving past SAP's newest solutions.
Advice: Really understand the market you want to reach and then design the next gen products.  All evidence points to new solutions that are over-engineered and complex - precisely what companies say they want to avoid.
Pros: Great software and market position.  Lots of talent and experience in most senior exec ranks.  Truly a global company in every way.

Cons: Keeping pace with the number of advancements SAP has.  For customers its great because they can focus on what they need at the time and know SAP has it.  However for employees, we are expected to know what they are and it takes time to learn them all.
Advice: Continue building teams of experts for individual apps for employees to go to for answers.
Pros: The most innovative company I have ever worked for.  SAP is changing the landscape with new technologies that most people haven't even thought about.  I like working at a company where I know the products are the best, most creative, and benefit its customers better than any other solution can.

Cons: Meetings at odd hours (9pm 6am, midnight) to accommodate timezone differences.

The technical aspects of a project may be a little mundane, there's some innovation but you're usually bounded by corporate constrains (e.g. project was scuttled because it used golang).  All the other things politics that you'd imagine from working for a large company.
Advice: None for local management, they did a great job.  C level should reconsider it's restructuring programs, they let too many good developers walk out the door and penalize other developers (in a different location) with projects they can't hope to consume or manage.
Pros: Great work/life balance, benefits, excellent compensation, intelligent colleagues.

Cons: Large Enterprise accounts (classified as $1B rev and above) will get ALL the attention and will siphon off the lion's share of the best selling opportunities
Some partners have a little too much control over accounts than the industry norm (which can hurt individual SAP rep contributions)
Until you surpass 50% of your quota a sales rep will NOT make much money (after that you'll start to crush it in accelerators)
Advice: Keep it up !  Support the sales troops !
Pros: Best-in-class Enterprise Software
ERP &amp; best-of-breed point (wedge) solutions to offer
World's biggest $$ revenue Tier 1 organizations running SAP
Global name recognition on any call
World-Class teams available to support Sales opportunities
Annual User Group conference SAPPHIRE is way better quality than Oracle Open World

Cons: Individual development is a priority that sometimes takes a back seat to other priorities. Keep that in mind and stay focused on your own personal development with assistance from leadership is my advice.
Advice: every partners is a different place in their development. Recognize that and be more tailored in approach, discussion, and game  plans so that each partner can thrive.
Pros: SAP has a clear vision of it's future and is making strides to better support its partners/employees so that we can better support our customers.

Cons: Being such a large organisation, one would expect the benefits package to be more complete.  Not that it's bad, it's just lacking any kind of perks other organizations of our level seem to provide.
Advice: Keep the communication coming.  What's provided is very helpful, and appreciated.
Pros: It's nice to be associated with such a large organisation.  It's tough to argue against having one of the 'big three' on your resume.  Since we are part of a recent acquisition, there is not currently a good feel for how things are going to be once the assimilation is complete.  Some benefits are generous, others not so.  Vacation tops out at 20+ days with 8 years of experience.

Cons: - Ultimate propaganda machine: Used to think it was funny/quirky…now it’s ridiculous.  Signs everywhere insulting everyone’s intelligence.  “No A**holes”, “If you don’t like it here, quit”, “Don’t leave our wounded behind”, “Transparency”, “Drink the Champaign”. 
- Hypocrite culture: Since the acquisition by SAP, just getting worse.  
- Bureaucratic/political dump with a new process, new approval process, new Director of Blah, new Sr VP of Blah every day of the week.  How the hell does anyone get anything done here?  Call it SAP-ification I guess.
- Exec management: No clue of what’s really happening in the trenches, nor do they care to get dirty in order to find out, nor do they hold themselves accountable to fix even though they get called out in Town Hall Meetings.
- Company is still overly sales heavy/focused. It was ok 4 yrs ago, not anymore.
- Understaffed in all Sales Support/Client Support departments even though every year there are plans to grow Sales team by 100%+.  There is never a sensible growth ratio for other departments to support the growth of the Sales organization.  This means every department is crushed by the huge volume of deals by the growing sales org, and equally, if not more destroyed by the increasing volume of client complaints/dissatisfaction.  What does this mean?  Overworked/demoralized workforce, and a pissed off client base.
- Why are clients still buying and/or renewing?  No better full suite solution on the market, it’s a ton of time, money, work, resources to change vendors, Sales reps at the Enterprise level are the best in the market….overpromise/under deliver and they’re damned good at it.  
- Volume and rapid pace of ever-changing internal processes makes it painful for employees and customers.
- Incredibly decreased collaboration/communication across departments = nothing gets done in a timely manner.
- Resignations of great long-tenured people are leaving at an alarming rate, probably due to all of the above.
- There must be at least 30 different applications that an employee needs, each with a different login and password, some extremely complex to use, another productivity drain.  Need to consolidate.
Advice: - Organize a team of Six Sigma Blackbelts, Seals 6 team or organizational process expert team, or whatever you want to call it….include employees from every department that know what the hell is going on, to fix/optimize/streamline/simplify the 1,000 broken/disjointed processes between just about every department in the company.
- For once in the company’s history, fix Customer Support.  Really, I mean fix it.  It’s been talked about for years, it’s been promised by multiple leaders for years, and all you can come up with is masking the problem with different naming conventions to make the client feel like they’re getting a better deal, when they’re still getting a support rep who can hardly speak English, or a support ticket for a simple fix will still get bounced around for 2 weeks/months instead of 2 days?  Company is too mature with too many big name clients to continue messing around with a weak excuse for customer support.  Again, reel back on hiring quota carriers, get Customer Support fixed, get customers happy, not pissed, they will become our partners and references for even more big name clients, it will hurt initially, but it will pay off over a few years, but for god sake fix Customer Support.  Did I mention, fix Customer Support?
- Pay attention to and utilize the company tenants: Promote executive mgmt. from within to those that have the talent, have continually performed, excelled and understand the dynamics of the company.
- Stop hiring executive mgmt. from outside, they have no clue, they don’t take the time to really learn how complex the company and offering really is and they only continue to make it much messier than it needs to be.  They think they have the answers, they don’t.  They tend to have a flavor of the day idea almost every day, each one having tremendous negative impact on the business.
- Get rid of the signs, it’s not cool, it’s not motivating or inspiring, it’s not fun, actually it’s embarrassing.  Hang up some art, splash paint on the walls, get rid of the signs.
Pros: - Compensation
- Benefits
- Emphasis on helping in the community, helping the needy
- Great manager

Cons: No work from home unless you are sick. Deals/good accounts are given to the same tenured reps, over and over again. You spend more time focusing on what you need to say to leadership in deal reviews v. finding new business. No time off allowed in December. Pay is less than similar jobs with better opportunities to succeed.
Advice: You’ve made some changes and it’s appreciated. Please review what other top software companies do to retain top talent.
Pros: Great company as a whole IF you work outside of US Commercial/Mid-Market Sales. Great brand recognition, nice office, company doesn’t mind spending money to ensure you have everything you need to be successful.

Cons: Product development management is poor.  Constant major re-orgs in the 20,000+ person group confuse the organization rather than increase productivity.  New development efforts are frequently started with little regard to established competition, frequently resulting in introduction of shallow products that are years behind the market.
Advice: Carefully choose which market segments to participate in and make long-term commitment to dominate them.  Significantly improve "green light" process for new product development, requiring sales and marketing approval of minimum viable product feature set before committing to development.  Separate CTO function from product development management.
Pros: Salary and benefits are good.  Very well educated and experienced colleagues.  Company appears to be stable.  Sales and marcom efforts are very professional.

Cons: Lots of free snacks and catered lunches, but I wish the gym membership was better to offset eating so much.
Advice: Keep communicating. I love how open management is at the company.
Pros: Awesome place to work with great people and great perks! The culture, benefits, and the day to day sounded too good to be true. I was waiting for the negatives to come but I love it here. Great people, great upper management, supportive environment, tons of growth potentially and ability to move up. Plus, there's a focus on continuous learning, development, as well as getting involved with charitable work and helping the community. So many companies are hiring, but it's really rare to find what SAP Fieldglass has to offer.

Cons: Parking can be an issue. It is still mostly men running things and they are windows dominated. I wish there was better communication we recently had to change our passwords and the date it was due was changed and then many got locked out as a result.
Advice: Keep striving to be better and never just settle for good enough. Thank you for all you do for women.
Pros: Having access to a fitness facility
On campus. A free lunch everyday with lots of great options. Diverse work environment. Always something good fun on campus happening. A csa on campus that I can pick up my veggies at Lunch. I wonder sometimes how I got so lucky to work here!

Cons: SAP is a large company, and with that there can be pitfalls. There have been acquisitions and some challenges with change management there, but it is getting better. Additionally I have had felt unheard on some criticisms on occasion - which is definitely an area of improvement.
Advice: Listen to your staff - give them credit for their ideas, don't just take them and implement them. With acquisitions and acquired team take more time and care in the transition.
Pros: SAP has a lot of positives that make it an extremely attractive workplace. The work-life balance is fantastic, and in my tenure here I have never felt like no one cared about my health, family, personal emergencies. Additionally benefits and pay are top notch.

Cons: It's a big company. You own your career. It could be easy to get lost, but from my limited perspective so far, if you have the drive to succeed, SAP will help you get where you want to go
Advice: Continue what you're doing and keep listening to your employees
Pros: I love it here. Coming from other companies, I have had a wide range of experience from an employee perspective, and SAP really does their best to treat their employees the best they can. 

Pros:
1. The work environment is wonderful. Collaboration, support, innovation: it's all there, and very prevalent
2. Mangers are excellent. They listen to your feedback, guide you for your career, and help set you up for success
3. The pay, benefits, vacation, etc. is all excellent

Cons: There is so much tech debt and random engineering sprawl that the room to solve for real customer needs or business strategy is next to nothing. SAP empire has fully squashed the old Concur republic. Turn over is exceedingly high. SAP only optimizes for SAP and its uber sized customers. Concur's customer set (mostly not on SAP) are left out to dry. Heavy focus by most management at Concur at surviving until the next bonus/stock round vests - its musical chairs. If you want to really just get tossed around in a washing machine and really not do all that much, this is the place for you.
Advice: There is no hope
Pros: Job is easy. The bar is very low. Most of the roadmap is dominated by what SAP deems important or engineering tech debt. You can't actually do the job of a PM here in this environment.

Cons: - Depending on the role, sometimes I need to get up really early (like 6:30am) to catch a conference call with German HQ.
- some projects / products are similar and competing against each other.
- no stock options (but have stock discount offer)
- sometimes don't have the subject matter expert locally and need to take a long time to email and ask for the right person to help in a project / to resolve an issue.
Advice: less politics, more strategic planning for the future of the company. Gain market share in the new strategic solutions.
Pros: - flexible hours, can work from home during the work week (with manager's approval)
- free lunch, nice work environment in Palo Alto, CA
- stable working environment

Cons: Many levels of management in some parts of the organization, you may feel as if you're lost if you're used to a smaller company.
Advice: Reduce levels of management to reduce complexity and overhead.  Eliminate barriers to further collaboration (i.e., sales splits prevent you from providing support to other regions).
Pros: SAP allows and encourages you to bring "everything you are."  That applies to your talents, your skills, your knowledge and abilities as well as your whole personality.  The opportunities are limitless for those with the desire, drive, and talent to achieve.  People are friendly and collaborative, willing to help without reservation.  SAP has it's collective eye on the future and is working to maintain relevance in today's hyper-competitive enterprise software market.

Cons: Heavy workload, sometimes feels disconnected because so many people work from home and are so work focused, can be hard to get pay increases, products disjointed.
Advice: Senior leadership is great, but a lot of variance in mid management, can be hard to find out about career opportunities before they're filled.  Move faster to integrate Cloud solutions and create synergies between the businesses.
Pros: Strong diversity, very smart coworkers, lots of career opportunity if you have a good manager, strong compensation, good benefits, ability to shape your position, a lot of people following their passions, truly a Global working environment.

Cons: Senior management unwilling to recognize economic business conditions and recalibrate sales  revenue expectations accordingly. Mid level micro-management and consistent second guessing of agreed upon sales strategy. Internal sales meetings and calls are CYA events and not open discussions focused on closing deals.
Advice: Adjust revenue expectations to the economic conditions. Allow your talented, well compensated professionals to perform without intense scrunity of every action / decision. Encourage sales managers to spend more time and effort directly assisting sales executives rather than seeking opportunity updates.
Pros: Many knowledgeable and skilled employees willing to assist each other and committed to customer success. Best in class solutions and deep resources available for marketing and sales assistance. Competitive salary, plan, benefits. Teamwork environment that shares success.

Cons: Too much focus in rewarding Senior Management. Not an equal opportunity employer comparing benefits offered to employees in different geographies: much more benefits offered to workforce in Germany and selected countries. Pressure is extreme. HR, Recruiting and Purchasing processes often fail, due to dependency on very few resources (i.e. vacation time disrupt processes). Yearly decrease of benefits to match industry peers.
Advice: Replacement of CEO. Market share and margin must not be the priority, but the result of a customer centric culture.
Pros: Good industry, exposure to new trends and technologies. Conservative company, engaged in sustainability activities. Facilities are appropriate with resources needed to work. Offices usually located in suburbs (rarely in downtown or centric places).

Cons: Decisions makers live in Germany. Culture is conservative. While they have a big connection to the Silicon Valley with their recent acquisitions (Sybase, Ariba, SucessFactors, ConCur) and SAP corporate site in Palo Alto, the home office in Germany still dictates how things get done. They may leave you alone and look for your input, but the final decision rests with someone in a different country. Limited advancement and always in cost-cutting mode (who isn't!). No travel, but then people are traveling all the time. Not much in terms of employee investment.
Advice: None
Pros: People are really nice. Everybody is very professional and all want to do a good job.

Cons: Since the acquisition by SAP, we have lost some of the entrepreneurial spirit. We are trying to regain the cloud mentality, but it takes a while to move 70,000 SAP people into the mentality of the 2,000 SuccessFactors people. Though, I am glad to notice that management from the very top recognize this and are still trying to get there.
Advice: Continue with the pursuit of the cloud mentality.
Pros: SuccessFactors has always been a wonderful company in which to work. The spirit of the cloud is pervasive. Being an international company, there are opportunities to work with people across the globe and even opportunities to stay within the company and move to another country. Since being acquired by SAP, those opportunities have even grown more.

Cons: Processes. The company is run like a German made machine. There are processes to follow to get things done. The processes are not always simple.

Slow promotion. This is especially true for Canada.
Advice: The management has done a great job remaking this otherwise static company in recent years. There are a lot of resources inside the company. It is important to encourage people to leverage on these resources to acquire new skills and develop new ideas.
Pros: Good work life balance. Decent pay. Good benefits. Company name looks good on resume and LinkedIn. The company has a lot of resources and opportunities to explore.

Considering the sheer size of the company, I must give credits to the management on how efficient the company is run.

The colleagues are helpful and professional.

Cons: Fast pace
pains that come with fast growth
Advice: The cloud business is experiencing phenomenal growth, but our organization isn’t growing as fast to support this growth. Invest to support the growth appropriately in all areas.
Pros: Over the last 13 years, I’ve had the opportunity to work with dozens of companies and some of the biggest name on the Fortune 500 and I haven’t seen encountered a company close to SAP with the full package.
SAP is the market leader in the cloud. Bar none. 
The company has a great total compensation package with some of the most competitive benefits.
You’ll work with some of the smartest, hard working folks in the industry, and above make friends for life.

Cons: Incredibly slow paced. Skewed understanding of 'innovation' and 'change'. Be prepared to use lots of outdated, inefficient processes and tools. Little to no direct support with HR or IT (all remote and buried in hard-to-find dashboards). Unclear goals around growth. Design and user experience is a rock-bottom priority. Upper management takes on meaningless roles and overlooks IC needs.
Advice: None
Pros: Chill work environment, some people stay at the company for decades. Stable day-to-day and friendly people. If you push really hard and own projects, you can create small ripples of change. Your team depends drastically on what part of the product you work on, some can be amazing. Lots of volunteering and learning opportunities (conferences/learning tool stipends, etc). Great work-life balance. Great support for internal growth.

Cons: - compensation is very poor for the standards of Bay area
- No learning from work after few months 
- Tech stack is still old
- Managers are not clear about the goals and often keep repeating whatever the upper management says
- every team has a resource crunch always 
- Food from foccacia sucks (successfactors SSF)
Advice: Please be transparent to the employees and revise the salary for all the roles (I can speak for engineering )
Pros: - you get plenty of time to complete the work 
- Flexible work from home options
- lot of opportunities for fellowships
- people are friendly and helpful
- good work life balance
- lot of fun activities oraganized for employee and their family

Cons: Time-consuming processes
Little training upon onboarding
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited opportunities for growing personally and professionally, as well as for career advancement in the field of current expertise or trying new opportunities and starting a career in new organizations of the company
Very appreciative, encouraging and empowering environment
A company with great culture that embraces diversity and inclusion 
The satisfying feeling of being part of a company that is constantly joining to or initiating projects to improve people's lives all over the world and making the world a better place (e.g. Climate Change, Sustainability)
Abundant number of volunteering opportunities
Flexible schedule and WFH opportunities 
Great benefits
Ability to maintain healthy work and life balance

Cons: You can get stuck in a position if you don't take the initiative to move up or move on.  The company is pretty "fat" when it comes to employees and productivity.  When they realize this they may be headed for more job  cuts.
Advice: Give more aspirational goals to employees to make them work harder and look to be more lean as far as eliminating non-productive job positions.
Pros: Great facilities, benefits, and work atmosphere.  There are opportunities to grow your career abroad in many different places.  Great communication from Senior level.  SAP is great to have on resume.  Lots of opportunity to move horizontally in career.

Cons: Don't really practice what they preach. Like every other company out there, there is a lot of CYA. Still runs like a start up, but in the wrong areas. On boarding is challenging, but getting better.
Advice: Take inventory, use your own applications and find your top performers and reward them appropriately. Practice the values that are written on the walls of the office in every way.
Pros: Beautiful applications that can really add value to an organization. SAP is fully on board and investing in SuccessFactors. Great people to work with in virtually every part of the organization, the way the Solutions Consultants support each other is unparalleled. A market leader in every aspect. Lars!

Cons: Inside sales is trying to find its stride.  While a few reps fall in to large deals, most are scraping by and not meeting their numbers.  It all depends on the territory you are assigned.  The processes are not set up to handle volume transactions.  To get a closed deal booked and delivered is laborious.  Additionally, SAP support seems to drop the ball often, causing the clients to reach out to inside sales in desperation.
Advice: The current mantra is "simplify everything so we can do anything", but no formal teams are tasked specifically with doing this.  This absolutely needs to be done.
Pros: Fantastic benefits, large client base to sell to.  Good work-life balance.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: I have a lot of respect for our CEO Bill. Bill and all executives do a fabulous job.
Please consider a competitive stock/equity offering to the Palo Alto employees.
Pros: I love working for SAP for the following reasons and it is one of the best companies.

The company genuinely cares for its employees. I work at SAP Ariba where the culture is fast paced, start-up like, new innovation and new technologies are on-boarded fairly rapidly.

The senior leaders are humble, empathetic and approachable. No matter how busy they are, they make time for their employees. 
SAP offers a wide range of opportunities for employees to learn and advance their career.
SAP has a truly embracing culture, a culture where diversity brings comfort not conflict.

Cons: That being said, the average age is definitely higher than other typical software firms around Silicon Valley which creates a different work culture and pace. Lots of international calls and meetings which both broadens your scope but makes your reliant on conferencing software
Advice: Keep the cloud push going, look into making and retaining a diverse and young workforce
Pros: Very flexible and willing to accommodate work culture. People are honest and the company really values you as an employee. If you don't feel a fit, you're encouraged to look internally to find something that better fits your strengths. I like how they are now focused in on hiring younger talent to fill in for those that have been with the company for 20+ years

Cons: Constant change with leadership positions and teams.  They reorganize sales leadership and accounts every 6-12 months making it hard to fully understand customer pains in order to provide them a solution.  Promoted many good Solution Engineers to leadership positions without being able to back fill the top talent that can position the solutions.
Advice: Less changes in the sales organization to make sure a customer sees the same face more then 6 months before they need to build a new relationship and do what it takes to keep your best solution engineers in front of your customers.
Pros: Excellent pay if you hit your number.  Amazing Club trip for top employees. Good benefits and some great software solutions to sell.

Cons: Large disparity in benefit between Germany and US employees due to labor laws. Time zones can be challenging, so there a heavy reliance on email.
Advice: I think management is doing a great job running the company. There are definitely some challenges when bringing new talent into the company from the outside where there is not a good cultural fit. As a result, some key areas have had a lot of management turnover. Some recent external hires are really poor cultural fits, and will likely result in good people leaving the company before management admits to a bad hire and fixes it.
Pros: Good work/life balance. Good benefits. Great people. Flexible work arrangements. Good variable pay including bonuses, stock purchase plans.

Cons: Lunches can be expensive. Wish for increased daily limit. Commuting to and from Silicon Valley campuses can be horrific depending on when you leave. Better workout facility in Palo Alto.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of engaged employees, lots of events happening around campus, feel included, shuttles available, lots of food choices, huge campus, each Silicon Valley campus offers a different look and feel, excellent workout facility in South San Francisco and Dublin, plenty of networking events with other colleagues and executive leaders, feel informed, feel respected by peers and manager, challenged by peers and manager with different tasks to make myself a better employee and more knowledgeable, constantly being fed plenty of resources to help me tell SAP's innovation story.

Cons: Every step is a bureaucratic hurdle.  Every action you want to take requires touching two or three other teams for approval.  Scope is very tight and inflexible.  It may be the most boring place I've ever worked.
Advice: Keeping people happy and interested is really simple.  Provide a good working environment where it's easy to get your job done with opportunity for growth, both personal and professional.  Your working environment currently feels like pulling teeth, endlessly turning a crank or both: endlessly turning a crank to pull teeth.
Pros: It's stable.  The benefits are on par with others.  You can spend the rest of your life there.

Cons: - Product that is suffering from lack of development
- Very unhappy customers
- Low compensation 
- Mediocrity throughout the organization is the norm 
- Falling hiring standards 
- High customer attrition results in commission recoveries for salespeople 
- Very little room for career growth
Advice: Concur has a business that needs fixing, badly. While it is (in general) a wonderful place to spend time every day, it is NOT such a great place for serious professionals who care about serving the customer, innovating, and growing their careers. 

We are suffering from our failure to attract and retain talented people - likely caused by much lower than average compensation, a static product, a fuzzy and lackluster company mission, and a dysfunctional culture. 

Our inability to attract or retain talented people means that our standards for work are on the decline, and that there is no need (or reward) for excellence. The pervasive malaise at Concur impacts everything - the speed of work, follow through, ownership, commitment, and ultimately customer satisfaction.

We also suffer from a reluctance to invest in the product, inability to implement it for our customers, and our insistence on selling it by any means necessary. This is a recipe for disaster. I have been working at Concur in sales for more than three years and have served clients of all shapes and sizes - If we cant find a way to drag our product into the 21st century, figure out how to implement it for our customers, and enforce ethical sales tactics, then it is only a matter of time until we fail. 

Our mission isn't clear, either. Do we exist to provide world class spend management tools for our customers? Clearly no, because our product is no longer world class. Do we exist to innovate business travel? Certainly not, because we've done nothing to impact that space in the past decade. Or, are we purely a vehicle for SAP to post cloud revenue? 

Concur is a place for mediocre people who are looking for an easy 9-3:30 job, enough PTO, and a steady paycheck. If that sounds like you, you'll be lured by promises of "work life balance" and the prospect of working in a "Top 100 Workplace". 

If, on the other hand, you're a committed professional who thinks big, has high goals, high standards, and wants to get behind a company with a clear and meaningful mission - Look elsewhere. You'll make more money, have more fun, and have a greater impact elsewhere.
Pros: + Lots of freedom to do whatever makes you successful
+ Fantastic name recognition in the market 
+ A product that is easy to understand and easy to sell 
+ Generous PTO

Cons: Leadership not aligned on how to execute strategy. Each Dept is siloed without strategic alignment to reach shared company goals.
Advice: Need better alignment to drive strategy and mission critical initiatives. This should start at top with active and visible executive/senior leader sponsorship. Too many Departments have mismatched  'top' priority initiatives that require coordination across teams with minimal resourcing or differing priorities. Suggest focusing on fewer top level initiatives with clearer, active alignment across Department Leaders FIRST instead of having each Leader define success in a bubble and then wonder why rest of the business doesn't line up around their needs.
Pros: Great brand, lots of internal resources for career development and training.

Cons: - As with any large organization, there can be some inefficiencies &amp; redundancy (e.g. different groups working on overlapping initiatives)
- Limited equity participation in comparison to typical silicon valley tech companies
- Your mileage may vary depending on your group &amp; org management
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work environment - excellent organizational culture with commitment to diversity, inclusion and opportunities for personal growth
- Very good work-life balance &amp; top-of-the-line benefits - no wonder SAP consistently makes every 'Best Place to Work' list there is!
- Opportunities to work on highly impactful areas of technology &amp; innovation with the largest customers in the world
- Great colleagues - some of the best people to work with!

Cons: - lots of night-time meetings with india development center, including frequent meetings on sunday nights and other non-work hours
- management cares much more about politics than technical details
- lip service paid to quality but very little action
- almost all growth seems to be targeted for india, which means the silicon valley office is stagnant
- they laid off all of San Ramon office just to save on building costs, implying that bean counters are in charge
Advice: don't just pay lip service to quality!
Pros: - probably the "least evil" of the big software companies
- very big on sustainability/environmentalism/social consciousness
- fantastic bike commuter program
- great layoff package

Cons: The processes required for release often get in the way of providing a true Agile environment.
Advice: I was also a victim of the recent layoffs. I felt that the whole ordeal was handled poorly. Groups of individuals were let go just because they belonged to a certain segment of the company. I feel that no thought was given in evaluation of the groups and their products/services.
Pros: SAP offers great work flexibility and great benefits. They are very accommodating to family needs and encourage family over work.

Cons: Decisions are made in Germany. Company isn't leveraging cloud-assets well, but instead trying to create a monolith (like the failed MSFT strategy of the early 2000s). In SAP's case, there is an over-focus on ERP. 

Since decisions are centralized, they are often arbitrary and ill-informed. Too often you hear "that's a board mandate" which shuts down discussion of the value to the customer or value to SAP of a decision.
Advice: Continue necessary centralization to create interconnected platform, but recognize customers will adopt cloud incrementally in micro-suites, and better leverage purchased cloud assets. Germans don't know better.
Pros: SAP has a genuine goal to make the world a better place. Stress levels are moderate, and work-life balance is good.

Cons: - Over abundance of communication. Can be hard to keep up with all the divisions and what they do
- Vacation Package could be better for employees who work here over 15 years
Advice: - Increase the vacation package for employees over 10+ years. 
- Allow an option to buy more vacation time (up to two weeks )for the year and withdraw from paychecks
Pros: - Continuous employee development and training
- Ability to move within the company
- Stability
- Co-Workers who believe in going above and beyond for their customers
- Ever evolving to meet the needs of our customers and market
- German based company who respects time and family
- Sick Time can be used for helping family members

Cons: Work life balance is, at times, very difficult to achieve
Career development has to be forced because for many roles within SAP there is not a clearly defined promotion path past a certain level
Advice: Develop more career opportunities for the highly rated professionals
Sr. management needs to be more aggressive and savy when communicating with the analyst community.
Pros: Great autonomy; freedom to perform your job since you are not micro managed by your manager.
Work with extremely talented and the brightest people in the SAP space.
Employees are fairly compensated and rewards can be great for those that meet, and or exceed their target.
Benefits are much better as compared to many high tech organizations and the options and services continue to get better.

Cons: Change and reorganizations occur often.  Colleagues change roles often (many times for the better, such as promotions), as well as territories and account coverage.
Advice: Just try to focus on making minimal organizational change from year-to-year, particularly as it relates to sales coverage (geographical territories; product bag, etc.).  I'm sure you've lost many talented people because of adjusting sales territories too often.
Pros: An above average compensation package is possible for sales roles.  Also, getting exposure to many bright and talented people through both SAP and it's partners can open up future opportunities that may not be as available with many other companies.

Cons: Very poor management overall. Pittsburgh management was asking employees to lie to potential clients by their work experience. No on boarding of new hires so they can exhibit  SAP methodologies. Training is very poor. It's e-learning (on your own tim. e), which is a joke. We were required to make up extra work when taking full time training courses.  We had a manager from India, who had zero talent espousing SAP's culture and values. Employees at Big 4 consulting companies train their employees better.
Advice: Get new management. The ones you are importing are horrible.
Pros: No overtime. Halo effect by being employed there.

Cons: Pay could be a little more competitive with local IT firms. Would love to see the 401-K match hit 1%. Not a whole lot of opportunity to move up, so it's good that people can shape their roles (they may be there a while).
Advice: Keep up the great work -- you've built what is probably the best all-round IT employee experience in Seattle!
Pros: Ranked a "Best Place to Work"  by Fortune and Glassdoor for good reasons -- solid pay, benefits and office/home flexibility. Lots of learning and skill development opportunities. Plenty of opportunity for more experienced employees to put their accumulated expertise to work in an environment that allows the the best thinking to win.

Cons: Pay is subpar. Not as bad as most smaller companies but is significantly worse than similarly sized companies.
Advice: Increase compensation. There's no way we can attract high level talent with what we currently pay.
Pros: Excellent people in the community. People are generally very collaborative and eager to help. Big focus on moving to a modern, cloud-based infrastructure. Excellent PTO/sick leave policies. Managers are good at recognizing your work and will promote you promptly if they feel you're overachieving. Excellent work/life balance. There were only a handful of times where I felt like I had to work more than I wanted to and our process has caught up so those scenarios don't happen anymore.

Cons: - SAP is a very big company -- over 50,000 employees -- and inefficiencies abound. Compared to the experience of working at a smaller company, at SAP there are plenty of resources to bring to bear on problems that need to be solved. But unfortunately many of those resources are currently aimed at problems that don't need to be solved.
- It is hard to navigate through SAP. Knowing who to contact requires tapping into the tribal sources of knowledge.
- SAP can be extremely political. The most important tool at SAP is your personal network. Being able to line up support can be critical to accomplishing an objective.
Advice: - The software industry is changing (yet again). SAP must pole-vault itself into the future of software, at almost any cost.
- Processes at a large company can take on a life of their own. Beware the perfect PowerPoint deck. Distrust dashboards filled with green lights. The reality is the product (and before that, the prototype).
Pros: - SAP has a huge impact on how companies, large and small, run their business. Assuming you can convince SAP to bring some concept to market, you will change the work lives of a great many people. For those motivated by having an impact, there are few places where you could have more leverage.
- SAP really values doing things right. Employees are proud of the company's reputation for "German quality engineering". Management actually pays attention to arguments based on architectural principles. Values are placed ahead of short-term financial gain (usually).
- SAP appreciates that people have lives outside of work.
- SAP is prepared to re-invent itself, even while growing and being profitable. Any company can re-invent itself when headed downwards, but SAP is willing to re-invent itself on the up-slope.

Cons: With the tremendous growth the company has experienced over time, SAP is still suffering some of the growing pains, such as the introduction of many processes and regulations that sometimes get in the way of executing business quickly and an in innovative way.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has grown to be a dominant force in the software industry and diversified a lot over the past 16 years I have been with the company. SAP has a very diverse workforce and provides flexibility  as well growth opportunities. SAP has provided me with an opportunity to work with highly motivated and skilled people and enabled me to achieve a reasonable work life balance, developing my career while raising my family.

Cons: Opportunities in Engineering are a bit limited due to the satellite nature of Palo alto office - having an HQ in Germany. SAP hasn't figured out how to leverage the talent in the bay area.
Advice: I wish the management seriously reevaluate the bay area strategy (purpose of having an office in an expensive location and how the location can be leveraged beyond PoCs and customer showcases)
Pros: SAP is an employee friendly company and offers a collaborative work environment that is superior to most of the companies that exist in the same line of work and scale. SAP's customers are very loyal and SAP takes a very good care of them.

Cons: Given our role in our customers' successful business operations, we've got big responsibilities and the demands can be high.  But we constantly balance loads, keeping an eye on work-life balance
Advice: Continue to maintain focus on our people and stay the course on the investments we're making across our intelligent enterprise suite to deliver the promise to our customers
Pros: Our vision, to help the world run better and improve people's lives, is powerful.  It rallies cross-functional and cross-divisional teams to pull together for the greater good.  We're a customer-centered culture with highly engaged employees.  Makes for high energy and fun.  What we do is "BIG" for our customers and we're well-rewarded for our success.

Cons: Direction changes frequently
Programs are rolled out before they are ready
Upper management really doesn't have a handle on what is happening at the lower levels in the trenches
Cookie Cutter Programs for customers don't fit all
Standardized deliverables are often administrative in nature
Too many places for customers to find information
Advice: Keep the positive focus going. 

Relax on the standardized cookie cutter style of delivering services to customers.  Make sure all pieces of programs to customers are complete and ready for prime time before rolling them out.  Centralize information sources for customers.
Pros: Very positive culture which comes from the top
Employees are treated well and appreciated
Focus on community service and giving back
Good pay and benefits

Cons: There is a large disparity in employment policies due to the gaining strength of 'Social Partners' in Germany and other European countries (a.k.a. worker's councils). These countries have strong worker protection laws/policies. Every time there is a corporate RIF (~every 3 to 4 years), countries with no social partner agreements tend to get the lion's-share of the forced reductions; so while workers in Germany, as an example, get moved to another role, workers in US have their roles 'eliminated'. Unfair. And while it may be unavoidable, it leads to double-standards. Unfortunate for a company that prides itself on being a 'global' company.
Advice: See cons
Pros: Good pay/bonus
SAP has a heart, it tries to do the right thing by the employees... but...

Cons: I could not find any down side to working for the company.  I could not find any down side to working for the company.  They could have more ways to get to the train station is all I could say.
Advice: Keep up the good work with the way you pay attention to you worker.  I like the “my door is always open” policy which works well for everyone.
Pros: Employee are very nice and friendly.  Work environment is bright with a great view of the San Francisco Bay.  People sit next to each other and across from each other. Meeting rooms can be booked online or from the room it self.

Cons: Too many bully tactics used by leadership.  Leaders who yell at, use high-pressure communication, can't be acceptable.  Beating the drum harding may get the result- but kill the engagement, and impact customers directly.  Still way too little diversity - and that goes for style as well as race/gender.  Need to make "autocratic command and control" tactics unacceptable instead of rewarding with promotions.  We need "leaders of the future"  - why are our most motivational leaders leaving, or being shown the door? people will follow and go above and beyond for leaders who empower them and provide a real vision based on a true knowledge and passion for the field.  Recent changes in leadership in HR Cloud business is right out of the "old SAP model" - quickly dissipating energy and motivation of very talented people.  Everyone has their head down to stay out of the way.  NOT the  culture we want.    
- Career options:  I cannot tell you how many "Fast Track" employees have applied for jobs internally, and never even gotten a response.  We totally should be handling internal applicants differently- any time a "Fast Track/High Performing Employee" applies for a job internally - the golden glove should come out.  Why are they looking to move?  is there an issue?  this is data that should trigger a response by management - not just recruiting.  It should include a coaching session to understand what they are looking to do, the full context, and then actively look for a role for them.  YES - a high-performing employee should have an advantage, AND research says they cost less, and add more value.  Why aren't we leveraging this? In the last 2 years, way too many talented people I know left because there was "nothing" here for them.  They couldn't find a job internally - and we make it way too hard to make a lateral move without sacrificing compensation.  This is a real opportunity for us to figure this out because this is the way of the future workforce.
Advice: Critical advice: 
1) dashboard of bullying complaints - know where your problems are - and ACT.  Employees filing complaints about bullies are waiting months before your ER investigators can even do an investigation.  This is a real SIGN.  A back-log like this means something.  Employees are left to suffer or move on.   Bullying education should be done/mandatory sessions - it is subtle and destructive on so many levels.  There are clues, and there should be anonymous ways to find the bullies in our culture, root them out and get them out.  Bullies emerge when they are bullied.  There is a connection between the hammer leadership style, and these issues.  Let's connect the dots, and take action.  Most "bullies" people know about - but no action is taken.  
2) Talent "AtRisk" situations:   introduce a process to "remove" talented employees from bosses, when they have made a formal complaint, if they have a strong history of success.  Why take the risk of losing them?  Move them.   Leading companies in talent management have dedicated "coach" teams for internals to help them find jobs internally - as a service - when they are looking for career development.  At a minimum we should do this in bully situations /ER complaint  situations -  this should be instituted for "talent at risk".   Even a temporary assignment would get them out of the situation, and save the talent. 
3) Use our technology to protect employees wellness - 24x7 emails and communications is killing the energy and wellness.  Let's be a leader in figuring out how to respect our employees private time.  Lead a cross organizational think tank on this - it ties to our focus on wellness - let's innovate and respect our employees, and sustain our energy.  Everyone is coping with these - lets lead.
4) Chief Expert/Seasoned Talent Pools - we need better skills to set up teams, and to lead teams effectively- multi-functional/cross -functional - not silo functional teams, and to intentionally bring in the right /diverse expertise.  This would also provide opportunities for more seasoned talent to bring in their perspective, and experience, blending it with fresh perspective and  younger generations. 
So much is good - but for a company of our size, the fact that we have no Org Development/Culture Management function - is unacceptable.  CULTURE is it in this day and age, and every leadership selection decision made is critical.  We have no rigor to our leadership selections - no assessments, we're not leveraging agility research/assessments, and we're not getting 30/60/90 day feedback on new leaders.   Instead, leaders select those like them and that replicates the culture of the past.  We CAN change this - let's get rigorous about assessments for agility and motivation and talent for empowering and coaching/engaging employees.   We're a data company - let's use "people data" at the next level  and lead the way.  Why aren't "assessment centers" and bring the best of people data science into our tool a focus?  using it first with our HR.
I know we'll figure it out - hopefully before more good talent leaves.  I am looking forward to our ongoing efforts to "run better".
Pros: SAP hires bright talented employees; I have never worked with so many smart people.  POSITIVE:  in HR cloud business, better structure around sales content/learning is an improvement in aligning market messaging - this has long been missing. 
Innovation- anticipating and investing in breakthrough product devt - like Bus Beyond  Bias - very cool, and forward leaning.  Breaking out from the pack.  Very good - keep anticipating and building for the future, not the past.  We need better INTENTIONALITY around the "anticipating" - not enough resources out there tracking HR trends/working closely with HR and Business leaders to help drive the innovation, and be there.  Bus beyond Bias happened but what's next - many areas are perfect for us to take on.  This would be a great investment.

Cons: GROSSLY underpaid compared to the Silicon Valley standard if you convert from an intern to full-time. In this sense, they undervalue those who have worked their way up within the company. Employees who didn't start off as interns but instead started as full-time employees make 20–30k more for some reason.
Advice: Pay those employees who have worked their way up from being interns. SAP is a great company to work for, but with such an expensive living cost within the bay area, it is LITERALLY hard to make a living with the amount you pay these employees.
Pros: Work/life balance is great. Free-ish lunch (depending on what you get). Opportunity to travel for work depending on the team you're on. Great people.

Cons: There is a lack of diversity at the higher levels of management. There is a commitment to improve diversity and inclusion, but it is very slow in the making especially with people of the African diaspora.
Advice: I hope SAP truly commits to improving diversity and inclusion and not just with women, but with black and brown people at all levels of the company. It is a great company but should better represent the community it services.
Pros: SAP has a great culture and some of the smartest and most enjoyable people to work with, it is in my opinion a family.  Additionally without a doubt, SAP has the best software to make the world run better.

Cons: When SAP lost Shai Agassi, it lost its visionary. Now the company is run by arrogant and self-absorbed senior managers. The result is that employees have become a commodity. You will not be valued nor feel as though what you do (or think) matters. Do not consider having a life outside of SAP. Be prepared for being lost in a large quagmire of a company.
Advice: A little humbleness goes a long way, so does respect. Your staff is human too, look beyond your ego inflated rhetoric and try, just try to value the people that work for you.
Pros: SAP represents a great heritage of treating it employees well. Unfortunately that is lost. The company has a great base of application technology that can really improve a companies operations. It has the potential for a return to greatness. Did I mention the free lunch?

Cons: - back to ABAP;
- very slow, monstrous decision making process;
- lots of people working nowhere but at SAP;
Advice: - increase intrapeneurship;
- make people accountable;
- make decisions;
Pros: - recognized leader on the software market. Customers listen to you, you have extended power when you wear SAP shirt. You influence the market

- lots of opportunities to change the job without changing the employer. You can move and advance from one role to another without leaving SAP (product development, consulting, marketing, sales, etc.) 

- global company. You may travel A LOT if you like and you will work with people from different locations with different cultures, traditions, norms, and pace of work

Cons: The bonus structure has been severely cut in past years as has the benefits.  Consultants cannot hit a home run
Advice: When consulting projects don't go well - don't look to punish the project manager - it could be that the client had factions working to make the project difficult.  Understand the situation and help the project manager succeed if possible, else pull him off and help him to be successful on other projects if the one project is 'polluted' with a poison.
Pros: Insider (almost unlimited) information on the products and services.  Very deep knowledge base from other employees when they are willing to share.

Cons: Politics and you still have to be belong to the popular crowd to become a star. (This is not new as you should know this from high school hopefully)
Advice: When a new recruit joins teach them or tell them about the how life works at SAP (basically the playbook ) then let their talent dictate their destiny. These then let  them discover this years into it and already behind schedule
Pros: All the resources to learn with instant brand recognition if you move on. Your time here will prepare you for real world corporate life. You will watch it with a great front row seat at customers sites.

Cons: Large disparity in benefit between Germany and US employees due to labor laws. Time zones can be challenging, so there a heavy reliance on email.
Advice: I think management is doing a great job running the company. There are definitely some challenges when bringing new talent into the company from the outside where there is not a good cultural fit. As a result, some key areas have had a lot of management turnover. Some recent external hires are really poor cultural fits, and will likely result in good people leaving the company before management admits to a bad hire and fixes it.
Pros: Good work/life balance. Good benefits. Great people. Flexible work arrangements. Good variable pay including bonuses, stock purchase plans.

Cons: too much bureaucracy and red tape to get anything done
The company is so large and operates in silos often. Two different groups or orgs might be attacking the same problem with no awareness of each other until it is too late
They are bad with early talent - there is no good process for advancement in your career if you are in the early stages and they don't pay early employees competitive salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start in the enterprise tech world. They are intelligently invested in the up and coming tech to make their tech work better. You can learn a lot about new technologies and it's the kind of place that really suits curious people

Cons: SAP has also the disadvantages of a large company. Many procedures (known or unknown) that needs to be followed, many guidelines (for good or for bad) and political battles, especially after acquisitions.
Advice: Less time working on political/career advancement and more time leading teams and working as a team.
Pros: SAP has the advantages of a large company. You will always find opportunities internally if necessary and you get the support to do so. Another reason is the SAP culture. It is about open communication and sharing what keeps the dialogs open. SAP is an international company with cross-continent teams working together. It is a great place for diversity.

Cons: - No mobility to new products when company direction changes, even if certifications are obtained in the new products
- Sales is not given incentives to promote services positions for implementation
- Price themselves out of project positions
- Reviews are fully focused on billable time for consultants but consultants are not given the full picture of available projects
- Full time projects any longer than a short duration are almost non-existent
- Focus on RDS methodology marginalizes consultants
- Bonus allocations continue to decline
Advice: None
Pros: - Good benefits package
- Growth company
- Learning materials readily available
- Most projects are M-Th and remote Friday

Cons: -- Poor reputation: Company's brand perception is extremely negative in the SF Bay Area
-- Corrupt culture: employee advances are handed out based on who you know, not what you know
-- Reorgs: With 2+ re-orgs per year you career can quickly stall and you can be trapped in a bad group
-- Uneducated Managers: Managers are untrained and often under-educated.
-- Fake Job titles: Virtually everyone holds a business title of Director or VP. In reality very few people hold these titles as per the Corporate HR system.
-- 1980's Technology: With its own HTTP layer and ABAP custom language built in the 80s, SAP technology is crap and often ridiculed by the tech leaders in the SF Bay Area
-- Working from Home: Often abused many VPs and Directors, who are missing in action and working on personal projects instead.
Advice: RUN
Pros: -- good pay and bonuses

Cons: Very political, conservative. You need to learn to build network of your own. Career advancement is solely dependent on who you know not the talent. Lot of executives children in the millenial jobs and management favors them vs experienced professionals. Don't be surprised if some millenial nut job tries to manage you.
Advice: Get your heads out of the cloud. Focus on building solutions not just vaporware that vanishes in 12months
Pros: Good company, great customers and opportunity to make a difference for businesses.

Cons: Most of the issues are due to lack of proper management
* ZERO trust among employees, A LOT OF finger-pointing
* ZERO accountability
* Reactive project and department management
* Lack of professionalism
* No room for growth
* No work/life balance
* All employee to employee feedback is done through managers instead of face to face
* The office vibe is getting more and more awkward. People are tired of pretending that everything is OK.
Advice: Hire proper managers who are equipped to manage people and processes instead of hiring more Business Analysts to throw into the fire. 
There are quite a number of BA's that are already checked off, on top of the ones who have already left the company.
Pros: Not much other than the benefits provided by the parent company

Cons: Terminology of products offered can sometimes be confusing. Reasons for change are not always initially clear.
Advice: Kepp up the great work
Pros: Excellent opportunities for advancement, education and experience with great pay and benefits. There is no shortage of work for the individual who is competitive and seeks to innovate and learn new ways of improving the client's experience and product value. This is a great place to gain in depth industry knowledge from working with the top companies in the world by implementing tried and true solutions to their needs. Management is committed to your success in your career and it shows in your performance planning and reviews.

Cons: SAP really took over the company culture to start 2014 and it has been a train wreck. There is no SF identity anymore. SAP is completely disconnected to SuccessFactors market needs, they have just been making the company more SAP like....but they could have stood to gain much more if they leveraged SF strengths more effectively.
Advice: Stop trying to make SF, SAP. The company was awesome and had great market presence before you began bleeding it.
Pros: The company used to be transparent, open, full of team work and spirit. The good ole days are gone.

Cons: problematic senior management team. Not capable. HR only care for manage-up, not caring for the one who is working. If you do not have a green card don't come! Be very careful if you are on H1. They would try to exhaust your H1 and decide if they would apply green card for you.
Advice: You have lots of good and capable people. Be more aggressive to do more with the team in Palo Alto. They are BORED! Don't be so scare of making mistakes for goodness sake! You are in the Valley, not in the middle of cornfield! Look at your parking lot! and compare that to other companies!!
Pros: Good work life balance, all kinds of products line.

Cons: SAP has the paperwork and bureaucracy found in many large companies.  For example, when I worked at a small company, I could use flex time to visit my dentist during a 2-hour lunch, so long as I still worked at least 8 hours that day.  At SAP I could not do this, instead I needed to take an entire sick or vacation day to complete my 1-hour dentist visit.
Advice: Encourage transparency - I did not see any link between my performance and compensation.  Listen - several of my coworkers felt they had no voice at SAP, so they literally spent off-hours selling soap for Amway, in order to gain some control over their compensation.
Pros: SAP provides a generous benefit package following the model of many European headquartered companies.  I received 4 weeks of vacation and free all-you-can-eat lunches.

Cons: - Stressful and demanding roles, frequent long hours
- Commute around Philadelphia suburbs is busy
- Big company (over 85K employees worldwide) so if not used to that then it could be a shock
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive compensation with great benefits and vacation 
- Access to huge amount of training/learnings/resources
- Company investing heavily in young talent with opportunities for growth and networking
- Office perks great (subsidized lunch, free amenities such as coffee, beverages, snacks, fitness center)
- Truly a global company, with a very diverse workforce and employees from all backgrounds
- Ability to work form home when needed
- Given roles with lots of responsibility early on, including client facing roles with top executives

Cons: I had two managers who would regularly corner me in unscheduled meetings and verbally berate me for long stretches of time. They also gaslighted me by lying about the content of these conversations to my face in subsequent encounters. They ignored filling important positions and instead opted to use the headcount to secure jobs for their personal friends. They consistently put pressure on me to quit, despite me doing everything asked of me. When I brought it to the attention of HR, they said plainly that they would always side with management. It was by far the most toxic work environment I've ever been a part of, and you should not work here.
Advice: Fire abusive people. Get a better reporting structure that stops protecting management.
Pros: They let me work from home sometimes.

Cons: Despite the best of intentions, SAP continues to be mired in bureaucracy and indecision.  It takes WAY too long to get even the simplest of decisions made.  People who are go-getters or high performers tend to get frustrated at the lack of discipline in the senior ranks, and the severe lack of management courage.
Advice: Making a fast decision with facts on hand, and executing quickly always beats a long drawn out decision with complete information.  Move out those who can't decide.
Pros: SAP is a benevolent place, they genuinely care about employees.  In general, I believe that the senior management really really want to build a better SAP.

Cons: Extremely fast paced, everyone is pushed to the edge to get high billable client time.  Very little time for maintenance of self or any "out of the box" specialties the clients should have.  Get it done, get it done, get it done.  And we do.
Advice: Hire more help.  Encourage work/life balance.  Technical writers to document software changes/directions is absolutely necessary.
Pros: Learning experience - on the cutting edge.  Everyone is extremely helpful and giving.  Culture is open, honest and all cards on the table.  Pay is good, benefits are great.  Cloud computing allows freedom to work remotely.

Cons: Management is incredibly buzzword oriented.  Huge earthshaking management decisions that really don't affect anyone for long so if you ignore them they go away.
Advice: Stop trying to make your employees into CEOs.  It's great that you want to sit me down all the time and tell me all about the nitty gritty of high-level marketing and sales data and decision making, but I'm a tech.  Try focussing your propaganda on things that actually affect me, instead of alienating me by never talking about anything except things that are completely outside my scope of work.
Pros: Lots of options available because of the huge size of the company.

Cons: Silos, Silos, Silos.   The multitude of global teams you engage with to complete customer requests are not interested in knowing any overarching process since they serve a multitude of internal customers.  As a result, handing over downstream tasks to another team cannot be assured unless micromanaged. Keeping this job's role witihn business hours is difficult if not improbable if you care to ensure customer success.
Advice: None
Pros: Can easily work virtually or on site, your preference.  Hands off managing since most everyone in this role is self sufficient and has proven customer management history.  You own your customer relationships fully and management is only involved in escalations.

Cons: Can be challenging to get promoted if you don't market yourself and position your own promotions. Dont wait for a promotion to happen to you.
Can be very long and hard hours in global roles. Even with flex working it can be 12 hour days or more starting at 5 am and ending in the PM.  
Resources can be overwhelming,  there is a lot to wade through and self navigation is important.
Accountability is not consistent throughout the organization. Top performing employees are often given the bulk of the work to make up for lower performers. Rewards are high when this happens but its a challenging work environment that doesnt always feel "fair".
Advice: Instill accountability at every level, dont allow peers in other regions to do less based on cultural norms. The whole team needs to be equally accountable.
Dont burn out your top performers
Keep working on simplification and creating a great workplace!
Pros: Very entrepreneurial spirited company.
Make your job what you want it to be, its empowering to carve out how you want to make impact. 
Very inclusive environment , you can really bring yourself to work
Great pay and benefits, top notch and some of the best I have ever seen.
Stable company that is very profitable and can inject profits into significant R&D and innovation investments.
Great focus on simplification to help employees, and customers, succeed in a "frustration free" way .
Top workplace, Fortune named top 100 place to work
Top workplace for women, Anita Borg institute named top place for female technologists.
First Tech company to receive the EDGE certification: Economic Dividend for Gender Equality.  
Tons of learning and development resources for employees. 
Supports working from home for a lot of roles. 
Agile organization that stays ahead of the curve and isnt afraid to make changes to business direction to stay ahead of market.

Cons: Support is primarily on the younger side, usually within the 20-23 year old range. For most, it's their first job out of college. Between staff moving to other teams or leaving the company, and the documentation being sub-par at best, most of the knowledge is among the staff,  which leaves huge gaps in knowledge. There's rarely anyone that's on support for more than 2 years,

The company currently is struggling to balance out the exponential growth of the company with the amount of support agents that they have on staff, even globally. It can be a bit of a meat grinder, especially around the major patches for the application. Day side is the main focus. There are no managers on staff for the second and third shifts, which means those shifts are easily forgotten about. Management has been quoted saying their main goal is to keep you on the support team. Even with support being the entry point into the company, the managers do their best from having you move to other teams. Management is good at changing their language during discussions to fit their motives.

Support agents are mostly looked at for their stats from managers that don't have much experience outside their current job. Stats that are hard to balance, and, for the most part, require working the system to make them look better. 

They do not allow you to work from home. 

Large office = rarely get to meet other people unless you actively seek out other teams.
Advice: Listen to your staff more. Anyone above the managers do not speak to the support staff at all. Most are pretty awkward and will rarely even say hello to you in the hallway. What you think is enough support staff is not. There's a reason people leave in droves from the support team. There are trends that you're not paying attention to and shouldn't be blamed on the age group. You should be looking above the team to the managers. A team that can't regularly keep members is a management problem. 

Would love to see more outings/events to meet other employees
Pros: Still has some startup feel to it, even though it was acquired by SAP almost 2 years ago. Solid perks, including a generous amount of PTO right from the start, and "unlimited" sick days. The office location is great, right in downtown Chicago across from the Metra station. With backing by SAP, the company is not going anywhere and is miles ahead of any competition in it's industry. 

For most of the people on the support side, it's a great first job where you can make decent money and have full benefits. Once out of support, the company/management is very nice.  Due to the fact that FG makes it's money off of transactions for the clients' contractors, the sales team doesn't have all the power/is not the focus like other companies. Anyone client facing is important to the company as a whole, and management, for the most part, understands this. 

The company spends quite a bit on keeping the kitchen stocked and regularly buys meals for the day side staff, and there is beer cart Thursdays.

Cons: The biggest issue I have is how LARGE the company is.  Sometimes, something that should be simple (like getting a P.O. issued) takes an inordinate amount of time.  It can be soul-crushing.  But luckily, the good far outweighs the bad.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been at SAP for over five years and I love my boss, my coworkers, and my job.  I work with really smart people and I constantly have opportunities to develop my skills and take stretch assignments. I am challenged every day and I feel like I can make a difference every day.  I really love it here.

Cons: There are only cons if you are not fully prepared to commit yourself to success.
Advice: Thank you for continued passion for excellence and support for your employees and customers.
Pros: -Fast paced environment
-Challenging personally and professionally
-Best in class products and support
-Strong leadership team and structure
-Strong company position in market
-Culture of inclusion and equality 
-Flexible environment, fun encouraged
-Growth throughout the company is limitless and have seen many employees with 20+ year experience grow through the ranks to top leadership
-Opportunity to learn many new things daily
-Strong training program and sales process
-Best in class tools for all parts of the job
-Company is constantly seeking feedback from employees and finding ways to improve themselves

Cons: HR, specifically HRBP's (not all, some)  is too quick to work against you and not for you. I always believed HR would be more caring and understanding but whenever there is an issue about leadership, they dont tend to listen and will usually side with leadership
Advice: Trust you employees more and if something is wrong discuss before assuming the worst.
Pros: The majority of management is great and the company does great things for their employees such as great vacation time, holidays, and benefits. You can be proud to work here because it really is a great company especially with the right leadership team.

Cons: Needs to overcome perception of ERP company with long implementations and hard to use systems. Go to market too focused on existing customers vs cultivating new clients.
Advice: Minimize organizational change. Invest in building capability to message to and cultivate new clients.
Pros: SAP is an amazing place to work and really invests in their people. SAP's greatest strength is sound understanding and execution of core business process. SAP has invested greatly to improve UX and accelerate speed to market with strategic cloud acquisitions over the last 8 years. SAP well positioned to assist many enterprises in achieving digital transformation to replace complex, slow and hard to use legacy systems.

Cons: Like any tech company things are regularly changing as far as processes and areas of focus go and it can feel overwhelming at times to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: -Emphasis on diversity training with continuous education that comes from peers and doesn't feel performative or HR focused. 
-High  percentage of women in leadership
-Welcoming and inclusive environment on most teams and segments.
- Competitive Pay.
-Every manager I've had here supports me professionally and personally. 
-SAP Concur doesn't just say they value work life balance they really actually do. They know that when employees are thriving in their personal lives they will perform well at work.

Cons: It's a large, global organization and honestly, in the beginning I felt lost - like, where do I fit? It took about 3 years for me to really understand the company organization and where I fit within it. But along the way were caring managers and leaders who continued to guide me.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares about it's people. This company has a culture of giving, sharing, caring and growing people. The top executives are very transparent. I have never felt like I have been left in the dark regarding their strategy, goals, mission, and so on.  Honestly, I don't think I will ever work for another company.

Cons: I have yet to come by any. I have been with the company for less than a month and so far the experience has been a dream come true!
Advice: The management in this company is excellent. My manager is highly motivated, always there for me, and very quick to respond. This is a great model for other leaders in the organization to follow.
Pros: Excellent salary + Amazing Benefits; Intellectual coworkers; Very positive and motivated; Unlimited learning resources and opportunities; Great management; I have come across senior employees who have been with the company for more than 15 years and all them still are excited to be with the company.

Cons: Lot of acquisition means restructuring, which means your position can turn out to be not what you signed up for, older methodology means some of their new endeavors, e.g., mobile, cloud, can seem pretty antiquated compared to startup products, compensation isn't great, culture isn't very relaxed outside of SAP Labs
Advice: Focus on bringing in new blood (university hires), smaller teams that focus on specific aspect of a solution, and read what the blogs are saying about HANA and mobile products
Pros: Flexible work options are available (working from home is an option in many cases), lots of room to learn, many resources available to employees

Cons: So many re-orgs -- it means you have to prove yourself to new execs constantly and often the work you put in for the last exec is meaningless to the new one.

Inconsistency in resources across regions means people are stretched thin and burning out -- causes animosity
Advice: Stop playing musical chairs -- spend and find good leaders and get your marketing department stable.  Centralize resources so smaller markets can benefit.
Pros: Challenging - no 'assembly line'-like feeling.  New challenges offering you the opportunity to be creative, innovative and prove your worth to colleagues and leaders.  If this is what drives you, you'll do well at SAP.

Cons: This company haves zero cons.
Advice: Advice to management is continue doing a great job!
Pros: Getting this Job at SAP has been life changing. Culture in the office is so dynamic, and management cares about the development of their employees. Not only is the culture great the onboarding experience was excellent. I met the CEO Bill McDermott my fourth day working at the company, and he made me feel empower as an employee. MY job is awesome, my co-workers are awesome, and were getting a new office in a year. I want to say thank you to everyone in the HR department for hiring me.

Cons: Be ready to absorb a lot of information when you arrive. Some will be company specific and some will be role specific. At the end of the day this will not be a con - it just feels a like until you understand the vast resources at your fingertips.
Advice: Keep supporting and developing our people. Please keep the learning and educational opportunities a priority.
Pros: The experiences I have had to date at SAP are far beyond most organizations. The people genuinely care about you, support your transitioning in, and help establish a strong foundation once you have acclimated. The support and resources available to you are next to none!

Cons: Very few Cons. If anything I would criticize their reimbursement policies but only because they give the same per-diem in New York or San Francisco as the do in po-dunk USA. That shifts the burden to the employee in more expensive cities. But all in all a very minor inconvenience from a stellar company.
Advice: Keep doing what you’re doing; you guys are the best.
Pros: Been here approaching 7 years, no mean feat after a couple of decades at Oracle. Great leadership, attentive management that cares for their employs and amazing C-Suite leadership. Oracle could learn a lot about management from SAP.

Cons: Demotivated managers - most of them -Germans - are in their position only because of their passport. They are either playing in the stock market or busy with real estate investments in emerging markets. No intention to inspire employees..
Advice: Perform or perish. Show some interest in employees career. Senior employees are replaced in the name of hiring early talent. That is fine in one way, but do train them adequately.
Pros: Great work life balance. Access to plenty of study materials on any technology, free lunch, employee centric, flexible hours are some of the advantages.

Cons: Just as an FYI, this is totally dependent on your office location and department, also note that I mentioned it was a great LEARNING environment, meaning you'd hope not to stay in that spot forever. I have witnessed arbitrary movement not based on skill or performance. I have noticed nepotism, stagnation wrapped in a cloak of "new tasks". Expect to be asked to do more tasks as a dangling carrot and be given an excuse why the promise was not kept. Depending on both shift and team be prepared to never have the chance to take your company entitled PTO (but your manager can be gone every other week). Expect never to be provided expectations or kudos when you perform above and beyond. DO expect to be nit picked as knee jerk reactions to something unrelated to you, or something that is minuscule and not impacting bottom line or bigger picture . Basically, expect everything related to inexperienced management or toxic leadership habits.
Advice: This is more directed to senior management and above. ACTIVELY evaluate your first line managers. Do realize that performance (or lack there of) is a reflection of management. You cannot blame low morale on the team themselves, hold the managers accountable. When someone addresses a problem do not ignore it. BTW a good metric on how well or poor someone leads is through retention. I do not care what your target group or demographic looks like, employment is hard to come by, so people leaving in droves is a good indication there is a problem above. Do not credit it to the age group, its tasteless, makes no sense and does not account for more experienced/educated people who also leave. If you notice a trend in evaluations from employees, address it, because we all cannot possibly be making it up. Stick your nose in a bit more, fraternization that could lead to promotion, unsatisfactory. Contradictions to your guidelines, but when called on it someone lies, unsatisfactory. Also, watch for stonewalling, there are many instances where deserving people have been stonewalled by toxic practices. This list can go on
Pros: Good introduction into the cloud application industry. Exposure that can carry you in technology. Good benefits and 401k options. I credit my joys and industry niche to this company. Incredibly smart people with incredible skill sets from all parts of the world (wish it were noticed a bit more), great client interaction and analytical skill building. Its, hands down, one of the best learning environments for the industry.

Cons: The management is terrible and the HR is spineless, there was ongoing abuse by the manager, which was reported by the entire team, I worked in the team Strategic Development Projects... this is the worst team one can be involved in... Salaries are slightly below average for bay area.
Advice: Please change person in charge of this team... there is nothing +ve that can ever come from this team as long as the current management exists. Also even the senior management never took the time to find out the issue. Importantly the manager was extremely incompetent, she had no idea of anything technical, she's there only from family connections.
Pros: good facilities!, lunch on campus is provided.

Cons: "It doesn't matter which COMPANY you work for. But it matters WHO you work for". Haven't seen a system of checks & balances on managers. Manager can decide the fate of their team member based on personal interpretation. You are at the mercy of your manager.
Advice: As a global company, please invest in educating your managers on diversity & acceptance of talent from other cultures (not just in theory but in practice).
Pros: Excellent work culture, Great learning, Cutting-Edge technology solutions, Feels like you are walking in the future. Freedom to be yourself despite the company size. When your potential customer gets enlightened on SAP solution, that sense of satisfaction as a Presales contributor...... :)

Cons: Corporate red tape and bureaucracy are sometimes inhibitors to innovation and implementing employee-led initiatives. I feel like there is a cap on how much of a raise you can get in a new job/ after a promotion.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Find a way for people to use their strengths in their job. Invest in unlocking potential.
Pros: The culture. Everyone cares about making SAP a great place to work. The company hires smart and passionate people and you feel like you are on a winning team.  Work from home flexibility is my favorite perk. Great Benefits. Unlimited opportunity for advancement in the SAP universe.

Cons: At best you will learn nothing. In the worst case you will learn all the wrong things for this day and age
Too many layers of organization that know little, wasteful and focus on the wrong things
Technology that is sub-par compared to the rest of the industry
It may be a dinosaur on its last legs.
Advice: Simplify and get rid of at least 2 layers
Be ambitious
Be real
Be fast
Pros: great location, free food, reasonable work-life balance, good place if you are interested in a laid-back life (except in sales - on the other hand the sales model of SAP will be dead in a couple of years)

Cons: With it being such a large company, change, good or bad, does not come swiftly.
Advice: Survey your employees more often and listen to them. For instance, anyone in the sales organization will tell you that SAP CRM runs better on a customer's server than it does on our own. By surveying your employees, you may learn more than you think.
Pros: SAP is a large company that provides employees with the freedom to meet their goals while pursuing other opportunities within the company as well. They promote personal career growth to the fullest extent and offer great consultation and guidance for those looking to improve themselves.

Cons: So far, and I am thinking hard abou it, but I am not finding anything negative. Perhaps the inertia that comes with processes in a company of this size. But even that is a problem that is understood, and the company is currently flattening the management structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology is stimulating and interesting: HANA is a fantastic product to work on!!!!
SAP is not afraid to invest in its products.
Worker-oriented: culture of respect, great benefits, up to 5 weeks of vacation, great bonus.
People are technically very competent. I am not seeing ego problems.
CEOs are not afraid to admit their mistakes, when they make some, and come across as true leaders.

Cons: Recently acquired by SAP there's some uncertainty about what this means to the fieldglass culture long-term. While they do offer a paid vacations benefit their vacation plan is not as competitive as other companies.
Advice: Continue to work closely with your direct reports to continue to foster the positive fieldglass environment.
Pros: Finally, a company who understands project management and has both the foundation and best practices in place to allow their Project Managers to thrive.  Competitive salary, positive, optimistic professional  environment.  They do a lot of the little things to let their employees know they care.

Cons: - Stressful and demanding roles, frequent long hours
- Commute around Philadelphia suburbs is busy
- Big company (over 85K employees worldwide) so if not used to that then it could be a shock
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive compensation with great benefits and vacation 
- Access to huge amount of training/learnings/resources
- Company investing heavily in young talent with opportunities for growth and networking
- Office perks great (subsidized lunch, free amenities such as coffee, beverages, snacks, fitness center)
- Truly a global company, with a very diverse workforce and employees from all backgrounds
- Ability to work form home when needed
- Given roles with lots of responsibility early on, including client facing roles with top executives

Cons: Some internal processes can be cumbersome, although there has been steady improvement and this comes with the territory in large/global organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Broad and genuine commitment to company purpose (make the world run better and improve people's lives) and promise (continually innovate on behalf of our customers). Employee talent, expertise and engagement levels are all above any organization I've worked with in my 19 years in tech/software.

Cons: Too much bureaucracy and many processes. You are asked to be a leader from people who have no clue about being leaders. Decisions are made by force not by convincing.
Advice: Middle management is not technical and cannot determine merit properly. Upper management does not provide means to middle management to deal with under performers.
Pros: The company provides Job security as they will find something for you to do if things are slow. Lots of innovation provides access to new technologies. There is lots of potential for travelling and in many cases to customers which provides you with face time to customer upper management.

Cons: You may get stuck on a long term engagement that can derail your professional development.  Some of the technology is stuck in the past.  Most training has to be done on your own time.
Advice: Management could show a commitment to training and development by allowing consultants to take some time away from client sites, to take training courses.  It will ensure the quality of the consulting force for the longer term.
Pros: Interesting technologies on some of the newer projects.  Colleagues are very intelligent, and willing to share and exchange knowledge.  Good compensation for consultants, and decent benefits.

Cons: Maintaining work/life balance can be a challenge - in some areas of the company, you must be willing to travel extensively (which can be a pro or a con depending on your personal preferences).   

It's important that you build your internal networks to take full advantage of career and training opportunities.
Advice: Balance market growth with employee engagement and retention.
Pros: SAP is a firm with brand recognition, global reach and a very diverse employee base.   Because of this, there exist many opportunities for career growth with extensive training, multiple managerial, operational or technical tracks and solid compensation and benefits.

Cons: Working on a national team, my colleagues live all over the country so sometimes it can be hard to get face time with folks.
Advice: None
Pros: The SAP culture is one of teamwork and empathy. I have always felt that my colleagues and mentors are there to help me, answer any and all questions, and  support me throughout my career journey. Also our senior leadership "walks the walk and talks the talk", in that you can see SAP's core values demonstrated in their actions. I am proud to work at a company that not only is dedicated to helping companies across the world run simple, which ultimately improves people's lives.

Cons: Average salary by Silicon Valley standards
Promotions are slow
Not much insight into other projects/SAP goals and directions
Immigration process is slow and terrible
Frequent reorgs affecting overall functioning of teams
Advice: Need more structured and concrete directions for projects so that engineers are motivated to put their best efforts

Should hire more young talent and encourage them to rise by giving more challenging work, giving promotions and hikes, matching compensation to other Silicon Valley based big tech companies
Pros: Good work life balance, not crazy long hours
No job pressure or strict project deadlines
Free lunch
Beautiful campus with lots of parking and charging stations for EVs
Smart engineers
Fun work environment
Opportunities to grow skillset like Hackathons, etc

Cons: Many of the German employees view the American employees as "a step lower."  Not incredibly so, but noticeable at times.
Advice: Making our software easier to work with would not take a miracle -- just a desire from above.
Pros: Extremely bright people who are doing work that actually impacts the businesses who buy our software.  Culture appreciates knowledge, integrity, and hard work.  Nice to work for a software company that doesn't want to "hit it big with the next whizbang idea"....but rather wants to improve how business get us the products and services we need.

Cons: Continued SAP integration pains, difficulty getting information. Networking essential to getting your job done. If you were used to having everything spoon fed to you, get used to the new navigation methods.
Advice: Communicate directly and tangibly. Too much abstraction leaves employees wondering what it has to do with them. Be as transparent as possible. Lack of transparency (this means everyone) leads to mistrust, gossip, lowered morale as a result of people feeling left in the dark or left out.
Pros: beautiful digs, smart, caring people. A special cultural legacy left by company founder. Generous perks. Casual environment. Pride in product. Inspiring colleagues.

Cons: - Run by Executive Board that generally disagrees on everything or seems to actively avoid making decisions
- A select few -- very few -- employees are given the lion's share of new and exciting opportunities
- Horrible at promoting women and initiatives to improve the representation of women have token executive support
- Everything is done by committee, so anything delivered is watered down and not compelling
- Most people spend their day in endless meetings to "align" with several other groups doing essentially the same thing
- Many people will join your committee to work on a cool project, but only 5% of them will actually do any work
- Works Council in Germany -- essentially a union -- advocates for German employees and has approval authority over promotions, re-orgs, etc.  Employees in other countries have no such leverage
- American employees will work long hours, European employees generally will not take a meeting after 4p in their timezone and think nothing of asking the Americans to attend meetings at 5a or 6a in the US
- Management will bicker over spending $50K on something while wasting Millions on projects that are going no where
- Love/hate relationship with Silicon Valley
- Will hire you to do a job that you soon discover is actually already done by 3-4 other people in the org
- Employees -- even relatively senior managers -- have very little decision-making authority and are actively discouraged from making decisions
Advice: - Motivated, high-value employees usually feel that management actively prevents their success
- Get serious about hiring and keeping strong women in leadership
Pros: - Willing to invest in exploration of new business trends
- Can work there for life if you don't mind never advancing
- Pay is relatively high compared to market, mostly because they don't do anything significant with stock/equity

Cons: Management doesn't care about employees. We don't get full bonuses even if the bonus pool is more than 100% and our productivity is also more than a 100% (yes, thats right). Raises are 1%, 1.5% and maybe 2%. Incredibly low compared to industry average. And any ideas you have are pointless as they're most likely going to die at the manager level. 

If you want to pursue another team or position within the company it's incredibly hard, politically and because they only want to hire from outside.
Advice: Replace yourself and hire some good smart people and stop treating the employees like they're cattle.
Pros: Seriously, I wish I could say something objectively great about the company compared to any average tech company out there in the US.

Cons: Company has grown too big; countless acquisitions (to increase cloud revenue) have taken a toll on customers and employees (loss of core values and culture); senior executives from “outside” (Mala Anand) with very limited SAP product/industry experience; unclear/missed cloud strategy leading to mass layoffs
Advice: Recognize that SAP’s human capital is its most important asset. Mass layoffs may be a short-term solution to satisfy shareholders, but the long-term effects are already visible.
Pros: Good benefits package (US); unique enterprise software solutions; great customer footprint; many internal opportunities (although limited to lower career levels)

Cons: Work-Life balance is very hard to attain.  Have to sometimes work during your vacations.  When you finally de-stress while on vacation, you jump back into stress on your first minutes back from vacation.  Career development education and training is hard to accomplish due to constantly being on the go.
Advice: Need to take better care of your employees who do the day in and day out work.  Too many VPs !
Pros: Able to work in various parts of the organization to learn about different aspects of the business.  Great benefits.  Great group of people to work with.

Cons: Easy to get stuck in a rut (with a product that doesn't generate revenue).
Periodic layoffs with no clear explanation on how positions eliminated were picked -- supposedly, the position and not the person, so many exceptional employees can be surprised to find they have a month to look internally, or find better opportunities elsewhere
Advice: It's tough to be engaged when seemingly random layoffs happen (to excellent employees).
Instead of worrying about the competition, focus on delighting existing customers.or they'll have cause to talk to the competition.
Pros: Free lunches at multiple cafeterias
Good bonuses
Nice location (near VMware, Pivotal, and Tesla)
Some projects use latest technologies

Cons: Feels like a dead end for engineers. Below average total packages compared to most companies in the area. It feels like I work for a poor company that is doing bad and has no money. The company will have a difficult time to attract quality talent, keep existing talent, and build great things unless they spend money on its employees. SAP seems to have less interest in SuccessFactors future.
Advice: Don't make engineering your low priority. Strong talent can really change the company's future.
Pros: Parent company SAP is big and it gives stability to SuccessFactors business. Some good colleagues. Open communication by management to all employees.

Cons: 1) On-boarding initially is great but once you are in your position there wasn't much "organized" training (which is why the #1 "Pro" is GREAT because you can at least ask people for help
Advice: You are obviously answering the same questions over and over from new employees so take the time to put it in a Training book so other newbies know "how" and "where"
Pros: 1) Everyone helps you (at Oracle it was like pulling teeth to get someone to answer a question) 2) SAP invests in your trianing, 3) Plenty of room to grow. move, 4) Great benefits, 4) Great food allowance

Cons: That will wear off in your first week as you see what a mess IT and the Cloud groups are.  No organization, no efficiency, people shirking their responsibilities with a "don't bother me" attitude.  The dynamic with other groups is poor at best.  No middle management that dares do anything. show any leadership, let alone rock the boat to fix it.  If it wasn't for the huge price tag for SAP products, this would be instantly recognized.
Advice: Can about 90% of the middle management and data center employees.  They are just collecting a paycheck. Review organizational structure & align teams required to work together under same leadership (new) so that something can actually get done around there.
Pros: It's SAP.  It pays decently.

Cons: There are many people that have similar roles and so your work is constantly overlapping with other people. There is no accountability for success with a single group. It is always spread across several groups. This can be very frustrating when trying to get something done because all decisions go through a committee.
Advice: None
Pros: The financial benefits are great. The work/life balance is fantastic unless you end up in a role where you travel a lot which is quite common. The company has performed very well especially recently. They have continued to improve their core products. The company really takes care of their employees.

Cons: * Hard to find other comparable companies
  * Other companies have a hard time matching SAP's benefit offering and salary
* Contracted services (1st level IT, HR helpdesks) can be difficult to deal with
Advice: Overall, keep up the good work, and don't lose focus on what makes SAP so special.  Maybe re-think the contracted services, as they waste a lot of time.
Pros: * Employee focused management
* Commitment to employee development
* Competitive pay
* Fairness in hiring and promotions
* High value on employee feedback in processes and decisions
* Flexibility
* Great benefits package
* Clear direction and communication from all levels of management
* Culture of continuous improvement and acceptance

Cons: Nothing that isn't too minor that it warrants highlighting.
Advice: Keep doing what you have been doing!
Pros: I have been with SAP for 10 years after 7 years at Siebel, the final year under the command of Oracle.  SAP has been one of the most dynamic and support places that I could ask to work for....demands are High but the amount of Support from Leadership down to really every person / group in the organization is incredible.  Beyond this, the Vision of the Company is unmatched and Compensation is in line with or above most of the industry as well.

Cons: Technology:

Like most software companies, you're limited to using propritery software.  This is career limiting if and when you leave the company.  If you accept a job at this company I recommend you continuously pursue your own training outside of work to remain current with the latest software.

Management:

Your direct manager can make it or break it for you.  I worked for both good and poor managers during my tenure and the experience is so drastically different it's like working for two different companies.
Advice: Not everyone is fit to manage a team.
Pros: Remote work opportunities.  Cafeteria.

Cons: You must take charge of your own advancement and career progression. Compensation is on the lower end but lots of flexibility to work from home and adjust your hours (when in non-Covid times).
Advice: Not all managers are good people managers so there is an opportunity to train better and promote differently. Try to work on getting compensation a little more competitive with other top SaaS companies especially when attracting the brightest talent.
Pros: Very collaborative culture and great work-life balance. Excellent opportunities across all the SAP business. SAP Concur in particular has a really strong and inspiring culture. Senior leadership really cares about employees and their well-being.

Cons: There are many layers of management.  Efforts are not very coordinated among various groups, constant change makes it difficult to focus 100% on your job and not be distracted by rumors and confusing change.  Reporting consumes a large amount of your time. While career advancement potential is high,  you are competing with many, many people internally and externally due to the size of the company and the company allowing anyone to interview for any job.
Advice: Stick with a strategy for more than 90 days.
Pros: The benefits are excellent.  Potential for career advancement is good.  The campus is very nice, clean, and picturesque.

Cons: slow company - very complex in terms of organization
Advice: treat your business unit as startups
Pros: experience in a successfull 50,000 employees company
resume check
industry experience

i came to SAP because it provides me a great opportunity to use my MBA skills while leveraging my technology background - and indeed in SAP you get to do that.

However, SAP in its nature as a huge company is very complex and therefore you cannot really make big changes as people are used to and like to work in a very certain way.

I would recommend this place as an internship.

Cons: Limited number senior leadership positions in development in the U.S. If you are in consulting, sales, product management, marketing or any other non-technical field, you'll do just fine. But if you are looking for a hands-on development leadership role that will give you exposure to great technologies that will enhance your market value, you'll be disappointed. The development organization is basically run out of Germany.
Advice: Drink a little less of your own Kool-Aid.
Pros: Very solid and very stable company that will not go away any time soon. Good work/life balance (even though employees often disagree because they are spoilt rotten). Good pay.

Cons: Unfortunately the company decided to move operations division for which I work to Argentina.  Our team will be let go after the first of the year.
Advice: My advice to the management is to value good employees and keep them instead of thinking of the profit and moving work from the USA to other countries.
Pros: I have a privilege of being a part of one of the greatest ERP companies in the world.  Besides, the team I work with is great, as well as people form other divisions and countries I met while on this job.  Wonderful environment, team spirit, working with the advanced technology - love it!

Cons: The only challenge is the focus and emphasis on the quarterly earnings. There is a huge expectation to keep delivering results quarter after quarter, and sometimes that diverts enegy and thinking for the longer-term strategic perspective.
Advice: Continue to give clarity to the longer-term picture. Employees know that innovation and change are particularly rapid in IT, but living or dying by the quarterly numbers prevents people from thinking further down the road.
Pros: A strong organization, good culture, market-leading solutions and a strong commitment to innovation. The calibre of talent in the organization is impressive...you are working with some of the best and brightest, yet there is a strong culture of teamwork.

Cons: A lot of high level changes such as Vishal's suddenly leaving for InfoSys. SAP is yet to put out an official announcement but Vishal's already assume his office in the new company. As for the small potatos, it is NOT easy to switch to another team - people tried and left.
Advice: We need much more clarity to build confidence on our leadership. The bottom line is we need solid confidence on the software SAP produces - please try to avoid failures such as Windows Vista, Window 8 from happening at SAP coz we have already seen some bad ones...
Pros: It's still big so the influence will remain strong for a while.

Cons: No pay raise for 2 years
Mgmt says no growth util Sr Mgmt  or your current manager leaves company
Benefits cost to employees increased more than more than 150%, in 2015

Under estimate work and then ask team to be efficient
Being in HR space but HR partner never responds to employee emails in time.
Advice: Train your management and drive employee growth. Do some anonymous survey about group managers. don't do annual review just for sake of doing. Give at least cost of living pay raise.
Pros: Flexibility work from home. 
Into cloud software. That is nice
Engg team collaborates with PS team for enhancements which is good

Cons: It's too hard to fire non-performers. Some inherited managers (from acquisitions) are not suited to management in SAP style. Giving them a chance, hurts morale for those who work with and for them.
Advice: Great progress on women in leadership! Keep it coming.
Pros: Flexible. A lot of focus on innovation. If you are curious, there are many resources available to grow knowledge. 

I love their approach to diversity. Less corporate compliance videos, and more focused on embracing it because it's the right thing to do, and it's good for personal, professional, and business growth.

Cons: Being such a large company, we struggle with simplification.
Advice: Continue to be flexible, and ask "why".  The red tape of a large company doesn't always make sense and can hinder innovation and growth.  Particularly as SAP grows it's cloud organizations, management should focus on how to integrate and align without negatively affecting the clould model.
Pros: SAP is really focused on improving the world and people's lives.  This mission is visible in both the work we do as well as how we are treated as employees.  Major pros include:
Friendly environment
Great pay and benefits
Flexible work environment
Innovative and encouraging workplace
Growth opportunities and support

Cons: Technology:

Like most software companies, you're limited to using propritery software.  This is career limiting if and when you leave the company.  If you accept a job at this company I recommend you continuously pursue your own training outside of work to remain current with the latest software.

Management:

Your direct manager can make it or break it for you.  I worked for both good and poor managers during my tenure and the experience is so drastically different it's like working for two different companies.
Advice: Not everyone is fit to manage a team.
Pros: Remote work opportunities.  Cafeteria.

Cons: Career progression can be slow as people appreciate what SAP offers and tend to remain in their positions for a very long time.  Environment can become slow due to the many silos (siloed businesses) that make SAP.
Advice: Continue to drive but further accelerate the move towards becoming ONE SAP.  A best of suite cloud company that seamless integrates the full portfolio for the benefit of our customers.
Pros: Surrounded by brilliant people, each best in their field.  Building solutions that truly help the world run at it best.  Always in forefront of technology.  Fantastic learning opportunities.  Never a dull moment.

Cons: So far cannot think of any cons about this company.
Advice: None
Pros: At SAP what I found amazing is their policies. This company truly respects diverse culture. It has a highly competitive but a very respectful environment. Everyone`s ideas are heard &amp; motivated. Company sees those ideas as opportunity to do something better for the customers, employees.
Autism at work program is fabulous.
There are many health and fitness based programs.
Good work life balance.
Great learning opportunities.
Very structured.
Good transparency between higher management and employees.
Good employee centric initiatives in all the policies.
Customer focus products &amp; approach.
Truly a great company that helps runs businesses, people lives, world run better.

Cons: - Occasionally you can be reminded of a big-company feeling
- Too many solution portfolios sometimes compete for the same resources
- A need for greater attention to our acquisitions to work better with the core solutions
Advice: - Keep the focus on customer success
- Keep supporting initiatives that break organizational barriers
- Continue to invest in the integration of our core and acquired products
Pros: - Strong customer focus with a belief in a bigger purpose to make the whole world a better place for all
- Laser focus on delivering innovations to transform customer's business
- Very collaborative culture
- Management is honest and candid
- Very employee-friendly company with great benefits

Cons: As with all large companies you wont get away from layers of management and office politics but that is not unique to SAP.  Being a large public company there is hyper focus on quarterly results sometimes getting in the way of innovation.
Advice: Mix in a little product innovation with R&amp;D dollars instead of the bottom line quarterly results a little more.
Pros: Very large company so many different opportunities in various career paths.  International opportunities.  Great benefits and company culture.  Great lower cost living location for the North America HQ for a tech company.  Flexible work/life balance.

Cons: SAP is a very large organization, but honestly, I have felt more connected to the organization and our greater purpose than any other place I've worked in 17 years.
Advice: None
Pros: I've recently joined SAP Concur and have been so impressed with SAP as an employer. The resources and support for employees is amazing. The organization is truly global and strives for all employees to be empowered and supported.  I've never worked for an organization that truly valued employees in the way that SAP does and makes sure that all employees understand the value they bring forward as it relates to the larger organization and strategy.

Cons: Some quirks due to German ownership/management.  Like most tech companies there are frequent reorganizations which can be disruptive.  Very sales driven which can defocus on long term needs at times.
Advice: Would ask that leadership continue to invest in workforce skills.  Like many tech companies our work force is aging and not all have skills to keep our business competitive.
Pros: I've had excellent opportunities to advance so far; co-workers are hard working and respectful.  Compensation, benefits, work site and ability to travel are all contributors to a solid work environment New executive leadership seems very solid.

Cons: Company overall could be less sales-oriented and more product-oriented. 
Common lack of skill set and technical expertise, even in the innovation areas. A lot of lateral transfers to positions that don't fit their skill set (They also call SQL developers backend developers and surprisingly get away with it)
Advice: We need more people in the middle that actually understand technology
We need a clearer product portfolio and consistent naming
More partnerships with other companies instead of reinventing wheels
We need to invest more to develop our technical community and ecosystem
Pros: The company culture is great, no hierarchical thinking in dev orgs
A lot of new stuff happening
Work-life balance is great

Cons: Absolutely no career growth. 
Managers dont promote hard working individuals. 
Slow HR processes
There is no salary correction for existing employees who came in at lower pay. Some are lucky to get good salaries.
Management is like mafia. Lot of empire building
Management does not care about building good products and selling. Its more about their own personal agenda.
Too many layers of middle management
Acquired companies such as Ariba and Successfactors have ego problems and do not want to hire candidates within SAP
Slow decision making by management
There is no accountability
Advice: Get rid of managers who have not delivered anything. Bad managers are destroying this company and culture
Use a fair approach to promote employees
Give opportunity for others to progress
Pros: Stable customer base and growth. Free lunches. No hire and fire policy. Good work life balance

Cons: A large office can create a lack of cohesion. I rarely a lot of the office employees unless they sit near me. The work is not silo'd, but would love to see more office outings or lunches to interact with more employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Flat out just a great place to work. The company has a great culture.  Down to earth people who enjoy coming to work every day, Managers who really listen, who get it, challenging work in a growing company, lots of stability with SAP as our parent company, many avenues for advancement and career growth, and perfect work life balance.

Cons: There are frequent organization changes - made in order to  keep the company fresh and in line with changes in the market - be flexible, open to change, and ready to seize the new opportunities and you can be very successful at SAP.
Advice: Keep it up - this is the best company to work for - keep setting the bar high!
Pros: Our CEO has a clear direction for the company.  He is passionate about our customer's success, integrity and being the best.  SAP is challenging but also very rewarding not only financially but in being able to grow as well.

Cons: Frequent re-orgs breed an air of uncertainty and constant political calculations. Design groups in Palo Alto are dwindling since they have little to no power/say in product/project direction. Overall, the morale is quite low.
Advice: You need to show your commitment to designers and design team by not just words but actual resources and opportunities..
Pros: Unlike many companies in the bay area, SAP values people and families. Generous PTO, healthy culture and good benefits. Very kind and respectful colleagues. Diverse team helps in learning and personal growth. Frequent re-orgs mean many a times teams are without a project, so plenty of downtime.

Cons: Contrary to the prior review by a Director, SAP in having massive layoffs in North America this week March 09/2009. SAP is a sales organization not a consulting organization. This place corrupted when it comes to billing practices and it resembles a ponzi scheme by which the grunt Consultants make money for their managers and so on.
Advice: Ever since Shai Agassi left this company hasn't been the same. No advice is good here for they are turning SAP into a sales organization.
Pros: Having SAP on your resume and getting your hands on the latest products.

Cons: After you reach a certain stage, there are no more ways to grow your career. It is a bit top heavy with too many managers/executives doing too many things. The company has strong challenges on the services side from an execution perspective. Work Life balance is almost impossible to achieve in certain roles.
Advice: Need to improve on work life balance especially on the consulting side and find ways to grow people's careers.
Pros: It has been a wonderful experience working for SAP and the benefits are good. It would be better if there were good growth prospects within the company.

Cons: Political differences between Germany and US are difficult to impossible to navigate. 
It is important to keep a close contact with counterparts in Germany, but that can prove difficult due to travel restrictions; non-stop virtual work (US to the Far East, and US to Europe) is also not easy due to cost-saving approach.
Advice: Good and engaged employees make the business long term. When the bottom line always win and is without appeal, people loose the drive. It is not all about money.
Pros: Very complete product portfolio, travel and networking opportunities. Good learning and respected name in the business. Competitive benefits portfolio; free lunches, on-site gym.

Cons: Advancement and opportunities are sometimes based on politics and relationships not necessarily on merit or being better than others.

Frequent organizational changes.

Work / life balance is not very good.  Have worked up to 10 hours on weekends for over 2 months now.
Advice: Don't overlook your stars and don't think everyone is happy.  There are many options out there who are offering great renumeration to folks with SAP experience.
Pros: Challenging environment with measurable KPI's makes it clear cut to know if you are doing well or not.

Cons: The company works very hard to provide the most robust technology solutions to customers.  In certain key areas this comes at the expense of implementing the newest technology for internal use.  The result is extra work to compensate for system shortcomings.
Advice: Leverage employees who have been with SAP for less than 5 years to learn what type of internal automation needs they have and implement the latest solutions you offer customers for internal use in sales and marketing.
Pros: Supportive management team
Excellent health benefits
Upward mobility
Strong training programs
Ability to add value to customers with solutions that power their business success

Cons: There are no cons at all.
Advice: Keep up the most excellent work
Pros: I have worked for many companies over the 45+ years of my career and by far, the management has always encouraged me to be my best and has given me the education and the tools that I have needed to succeed.   My goal is to retire with SAP.  In addition to being happy with the work that I do with SAP, the benefits and work environment is top notch! This review would be too long to list all of the benefits.

Cons: You must self-educate; little to no formal training given. Project schedule is unrealistic for most implementations. No onboarding process to filter out the issues that tend to arise in the sales process before implementation begins; you have to clean it up.
Advice: Conduct formal training! Self education doesnt yield uniform results and is frustrating.  Teach me what I need to know to deliver. Create a more realistic methodology that apples to the typical implementation as opposed to the least common so that staff can feel more accomplished and less stressed.
Pros: Allows Full-Time remote work. Product is stable and evolving.

Cons: Have to make an effort to not feel silo'd at times. It's a global organization but can feel regional. That may be a good thing for some, but I want to feel connected to my peers all over the globe.
Advice: Keep making efforts to be more visible and accessible.
Pros: Large organization so I can only speak to my board area, but my experience has been overwhelmingly positive. They make legitimate efforts to encourage career growth, take action with respect to being inclusive and diversity, as well as providing avenues for just about every aspect one could expect from a work experience. Well run organization...

Cons: There are not a lot of downsides to working at SAP. While we've gone through some leadership changes, I feel strongly that we are on the right track for success -- for ourselves and our customers.
Advice: Truly appreciate the open lines of communication -- and the strong (and vocal) role we are playing in shining a light on social injustice. Don't take your foot off the gas. :)
Pros: As a long-term SAPer, I feel fortunate to work for a company that gives me the freedom and support to reinvent myself and take on new challenges -- and that trusts me to make smart decisions.

Cons: Many layers in the hierarchy structure
Advice: Keep  up the good work with cultivating and caring for your people!
Pros: A lot of PTO time, unlimited sick days, generous maternity leave + return to work transition time, stock options. People culture is great - your colleagues, manager, and leadership are easy to talk to. The company is generally promoting good programs to be involved for self-advancement or to benefit the community. My manager is easy to talk to and supports my decision. Work life balance is great - lots of flexibility as long as you get your work done.

Cons: Bureaucratic. - more 'chiefs than indians'. At times can be more process intensive rather than goal focused.
Advice: Give each of line of business the right personnel, the right amount of freedom to grow within their unique line of business.  Always be developing and innovating - current pace is too slow. Get to work on weeding out the bad apples - they wreak havoc on their peers and the SAP brand.
Pros: Great people. Collaborative. High Earning Potential. Environment of Healthy Competition. For self starters - lots of opportunity to learn &amp; grow. Outstanding trips for overachievement in sales.

Cons: As with any large employer, at times it can seem like your lost in the numbers in terms of employees and overall importance.
Advice: The time has come when SaaS will begin to overtake as the dominant form of software.  At its current pace, SAP isn't moving fast enough to remain a leader in this field in terms of being agile and quick.
Pros: It is one of the largest software companies in the world and with that comes unprecedented access to the industry and opportunities.  It is a well respected brand name and an extremely well run company on many levels.

Cons: It is almost impossible to get promoted without the assistance of an internal mentor.  HR support for individuals is spotty at best.  Active Global Support is an ego-driven organization, customers are not as important as ticking boxes.
Advice: Management needs to look beyond its own circles for promotion.
Pros: If you work with SAP software or services, the network you build by working at SAP is invaluable.  In general, the people are very helpful and down-to-earth.  Benefits packages are very good, which may be due to the fact the company is German and they have strong benefits packages in Europe.

Cons: SAP is a large firm.  If you are not used to working for a large organization it may not be for you.  You must work hard but if you do you can reap strong rewards.
Advice: None at this time
Pros: Technology Vision
Leadership Position in Market.  Name recognition helps in sales but the strong products and cusotmer references help progress the sales cycle.
SAP All in One is incredibly strong for the large, global operations.
SAP Business One is growing rapidly in Market Share with over 25,000 customers.
Strategic Acquistions to Enhance current Offerings include Busienss Objects-Crystal Reports and Sybase Mobility.   
Cutomer Focused.

Cons: As a German company with a works council, "down in the weeds" you can get people who are difficult to impossible to move out of their job into something more appropriate. These aren't always slackers - sometimes it's just a bad fit personally or skills-wise, but this is the flip-side of a company where almost no one ever gets fired.

SAP is a huge company, and making a change here is like turning a cruiseship - it doesn't happen fast, ever. So it can be frustrating to feel like we can't be as agile as other companies when we need to be.
Advice: Conduct more "360" reviews of executive managers. We are routinely polled on the performance of our direct manager, but the majority of problems I've experienced have been with my manager's manager, or another level up - and we don't have the chance to give that feedback typically.
Pros: I've never seen a business where information is shared so freely among co-workers and teams. It's a very entrepreneurial company, so you can really mold your experience here depending on what you are interested to do. The majority of managers are very supportive to enable you to get what you want from your job and experience with SAP, and with its German heritage, work-life balance is usually very good (e.g., vacation policy, sick days, flex schedules).

There are virtually never layoffs... the Board goes to great extremes to find ways to prevent this, and even acquisitions don't always result in mass layoffs.  I've been impressed at their handling of the company finances, especially during the recession.

I work with an amazing group of people who really care about our customers, their work, and the quality of our software. I'm very proud to be an employee, and I understand why so many people who start as customers end up working here.

Cons: I normally don't rant like this but I am sooooo disappointment in my Kool-aide high going down and what the real deal is that I had to tell you to beware of the hype. Just because they have a "No Jerks" policy and it's on the way means absolutely nothing. 

This is a Performance Management Company that doesn't even use their own tools and consequently, there is no true goal alignment, employees feel disengaged and under-valued, and the moral is low. Training at SF is a bootcamp where 65% of the material is irrelevant to your actual job and then they have you do a volunteer event to feel warm and fuzzy. You're then expected to get all the training you need from outdated recorded sessions and everyone is too busy to actually answer your questions. To top it off, selling a product where the implementation may/may not go well and the customer service leaves much to be desired causes the sales reps to questions the integrity of what they're selling to customers. 

Low work-life balance and sales team is stressed out because management bullies them with territory re-assignments and micromanagement. There is a WFH policy however it is only given to some sales reps while others are forced to be in the office (favortism). These under-performing same reps are also allowed to build up existing accounts while others are all net new. Solution Consultants that want to be sales reps fight against supporting the sales team the way they need it and management hasn't figured out how to make the relationship work. The successfactors' sales team cannot tell you that they honestly have a clue what direction the company is headed, it's the end of Q1 and no comp plan has been shared (wtf!), and the finance team can't get the commissions right.
Advice: Let's really start "drinking our own champagne"
Stop being jerks!
Stop Micromanaging
Stop the favortism and politics of fighting over bread crumbs. 
figure out that your CRM was wayyyyy better with Salesforce.com and drop the crap you're using today. Lastly, try communicating with the employees (for real this time) and give them a chance to have a voice in how their job/life will be impacted.
Pros: SuccessFactors is a leader in the market with a rich parent supporting our efforts. When the machine is lubricated and in motion, it's next to impossible to stop the momentum. Very powerful! Listening to the CEO, Lars and Bill is inspirational and they have a great way of motivating you to believe you can do it (whatever "it" is).

Cons: Inter-departmental issues.  NO ONE takes ownership and PS is left holding the bag.  Upper management knows there are issues but ignores them - weak executive management doesn't address the key frustration with why people hate it here. Lack of accountability and ownership among departments; no one is focused on working together to fix issues.
Advice: Pay attention to death by 1000 papercuts - that's causing your smart employees to burn out.  Don't let people get away with ignoring issues until they are escalated to the CEO.
Pros: Flexible schedule, work from home opportunities, autonomy

Cons: Not great at the compensation. Still follows old methodologies and slow in adopting changes. Some times politics may come in line. Not good at recognizing the hard work. Upper management asks for feedback, but considers rarely. Frequent re-orgs.
Advice: Adopt to new things faster like many other companies do. Do not take decisions in haste. Recognize and reward talented and hard working people.
Pros: Good Work-Life balance. Lot of opportunities to grow. Can gain good functional domain experience. Great colleagues. Good culture. Flexible timings. You get the opportunity to work across functional domains and technologies. You may find colleagues who are with this company for more than 30 years.

Cons: If you want to be in Sales here, you have to be very patient as it may take awhile to get ramped up.  Also, this company is meant for large enterprise sales, but those sales can take awhile to come to fruition.  There is a lot of wasted effort and the role can be difficult if you aren't prepared for it.
Advice: Make the products work together.
Pros: I love the companies vision and the focus on the environment and really cool internal goals that we have.  The people I have worked with have been awesome.

Cons: Red-tape, Change Change and more Change, and a NA HR team that asks us to review our company on Glassdoor but won't respond to emails!
Advice: Appreciate the teams who make SAP work a bit more, maybe sales shouldn't get all the glory!
Pros: Some of the smartest people in Enterprise Technology work at SAP, and I genuinely believe that they embrace our mission and want to Help the World Run Better and Improve People's Lives. SAP has taught me to be more business-savvy, and really understand the way the corporate world is.

Cons: If you don’t have the above, And it’s not the pandemic where you can skirt working, you might not be able to scam your way to success here.  Worse, you might not be able to get away with working multiple jobs at multiple companies  or your side gigs at the same time!
Advice: Seriously, do some background checks, look at LinkedIn profiles and hold people accountable.
Pros: No LinkedIn profile, add no value, pipe fake opps, low to management and your team, good chance to get promoted to a coveted LE role.

Cons: If you are not a type A hard worker you can get lost in the masses of people that are. You may need to bide your time to move up in the organization but those who do are well rewarded.
Advice: Be Sure to invest in your people at all levels. Contractors may feel slighted by their position especially as many groups contain a mix of both full time employees and contractors and the benefits offered to the two groups is polarized.
Pros: An amazing company filled with hard working and extremely intelligent people. Competitive salaries and high earning potential for top performers.

Cons: At the time of this review, there is a major re-org taking place in North America.  Entire technical teams (dev, QA, doc, support, management) are being laid off, and whoever is left has to pick up the slack on already short-handed teams.  If you're looking in the Bay Area, it's probably alright, but I'd be wary of smaller locations, as their days may be numbered.
Advice: None
Pros: The departments I've been involved with are accepting of remote working and flexible hours.
Decent benefits, with 401K matching and contributions to HSA.
Interesting projects to work on.

Cons: -Too many re-organizations with among business units and core SAP departments
-Slow integration of SAP system landscapes, tools, templates to cloud unit acquisitions
-TRAVEL!  Too much time and money spent on travel where ROI is clearly not justified on many occasions.  Much of this is spent on sheer Marketing event coverage.
Advice: None
Pros: -Leading market strategy for Database (HANA, S/4 HANA), Mobile, Analytics, and Cloud
-You will become a better professional and grow your talents working on challenging projects and alongside very talented and driven individuals
-Competitive compensation and benefits
-Fair work atmosphere and flexibility for employees
-Leading enterprise software company with incredible execution

Cons: Lots of stress, lots of hours, too many layers of management that feel it is incumbent upon them to get involved in each and every sale and meet with the customers, to much paperwork, etc.
Advice: Cut back on so many layers of management. But I suspect you know this and moving forward will be doing this.
Pros: Lots of upside, we were a virtual island with the most unique and highly priced and lowest discounts in the company making them the most profitable. Also the firm changed how they Go To Market with their services placing the Premium Services first and Consulting Services afterwards.

Cons: The executive worship and cult of personality around the executive leaders turns my stomach.  Also, there is major upper management disorganization and lack of efficient processes.  Even worse is a serious over-use of external agencies, which is a huge drain on morale and budget. There are plenty of talented people, no point in spending extra money outsourcing their jobs to an agency.
Advice: Don't forget: You're an actual person, despite all the fawning and hero worship around you every day.
Pros: Full of smart people, good pay and benefits, and a solid focus on work/life balance.  There really is a lot of good at SAP.

Cons: Alternated between fear and chaos. If your employer is acquired by SAP you will be bullied by more management than you ever thought possible along with your customers. Sales who don’t understand your product will sell impossible solutions to their on- premise customers. Expect to be blamed for disasters. Threatening emails will be directed to you from high above to “Protect our on premise business at all cost”!
Advice: Are you really committed to the cloud?
Pros: Good benefits, solid financials. If you don’t like your manager, wait 10 minutes. International colleagues were a pleasure to work with.

Cons: Expect to always be on and available to respond to work items/issues.  Demanding environment w/quarterly expectations high.
Advice: Continue to refocus employees on the things that matter and make swifter decisions on workforce priorities (especially in Germany).  Continue to simplify complex business processes and invest in the technologies to stay nimble to compete against cloud native organizations.
Pros: Great technology company that has pivoted successfully to cloud and is a trused partner for the customer.  They treat employees fairly and there is a lot of  opportunity to work in different capacities at SAP.  Decent worklife/balance w/proper work expectations.

Cons: Depends heavily on which team you are on, some teams you do meaningful work that follow industry standard while some other teams are not. I'm interested in software development but a lot of tech stacks are proprietary(understandable since it's a corporation). Not a lot of jobs related to SE in the Eastern US.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, professional co-workers, great benefits such as lunch stipend, in-company gym. As an intern I felt like I am treated like a real employee instead of an intern. A good place to intern at if you found a team that knows what they are doing.

Cons: I worked at this company from 1994 through to 2009, the core software has not changed since R3 days, they have bought the newer technology and kind of tried to bundle it together. I would not look at this company as being leading edge in the software field. Most companies have spent so much money implementing that they can't get rid of this behemoth until fully depreciated. Highlight of my career at SAP is when they put together an agenda for a user conference and the agenda said the men attended the talks and the women were to go for aromatherapy messages, I kept that agenda and still have it posted in my office to remind me of where I have come from and that you need to kiss a few frogs along the way. That kind of summarizes the female careers at SAP. Looking at the board today I see nothing has changed: 9 men, 0 women; 8 Caucasians 1 Indian; 5 Germans, 3 American and 1 South African (this has really changed since my day when it was 8 Germans and I American).

So if you are a female serious about your career this is not the company for you. If you are happy to sit in middle management and stay away from the sales men then plod your way through the various acceptable positions for females, the glass ceiling here is low and thick.

There is a strange corporate culture and a lack of diversity. 

For my sins I now have to engage with the sales men of SAP and I burst out laughing when they end a meeting with the wonderful line of ‘So can you sign today?” – such a cliché.
Advice: The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a sports field, in an army, or in an office.

Diversity creates a rounded point of view - missing from this organisation. Define what your corporate culture is because your employees are confused.
Pros: Great, bright, smart, fun colleagues. Fairly good salary, comparable to industry.

Cons: The environment is too distributed, your team likely spans 3-4 timezones/countries.  Not all teams match the demands, which caused quite a bit of conflicts.  Quite a bit of "protecting my territory" around groups/teams.  The company lost its focus & agility post SAP acquisition.
Advice: Watch out for those single-point-of-failure situations.  There are quite a few of that.
Pros: Great people, can-do attitude shared around most functional groups.  Cloud is in the company's DNA.  This is a place to be to learn as much about Cloud products.

Cons: - Bureaucratic setup that does not get much work done and too many middle manager who have no clue about software development.
- Very many bad projects and failures brushed aside by smart marketing & sales teams. But not quite sure how long this will continue before things comes out.
- Uninspiring leadership from management in running customer engagements. 
- Glory days are over and not a good place for software developers as there are not much imaginative work happening here.
Advice: Need to trim middle management, eliminate bureaucracy and rejuvenate development community before its too late.
Pros: + Few great individuals still left in this company although mostly in Germany.
+ Tons of material to all you want about SAP products and solutions.
+ Great company for sales jobs and have some really smart sales leaders all the way to the top.

Cons: Not innovative; very slow to make change and allot of internal resistance to change. Takes a strong internal network to accomplish goals across teams; spend more time on politics than working with customers. Building a career path as a middle manager is all about who you know. This approach means that its not a very diverse organization. The rhetoric is that diversity is key but the reality is just the opposite. Many employees are "lifers" who don't seek excellence, just a secure salary. Also in interviewing outside the company, SAP experience is not valued and you spend more time explaining why you stayed there vs what great work you have done.
Advice: Shake up VP, GVP, SVP levels where politics and rivalries abound.
Pros: Very virtual organization with frequent telecommuting. Family friendly. Competitive salaries.

Cons: Typical large company woes
Can take a while for initiatives to move, some level of bureaucracy etc
Advice: You have an excellent work force, give them the ability to take initiatives....
Institute 360 / upward reviews, it will sake up some entrenched managers!
Pros: Salary is in the 80 - 90 percentile for comparable companies in the industry
Bonus is substantial and paid every year. Every gets at least 90% of bonus figure (15 to 30% of base salary), HPE can get 120 - 130%
Good vacation benefits, average medical and dental 
Management means what they say about work life balance
Work is quite satisfying and meaningful

Cons: Not a good place for anyone that is uncomfortable with change - frequent change. SAP is in the middle of a major disruption to its business and to survive we are changing the culture, the focus, the products - just about everything. The results show it is working but it requires patience, flexibility and a sense of humor.
Advice: Continue to tear down silos and make the focus of all SAP colleagues our customer's unforgettable positive experience.
Pros: Despite the size of the company, very much feels like a family or employee owned company. Colleagues are mostly friendly and enthusiastic to help each other out.

Cons: None - SAP is the place to be!
Advice: Bill McDermott, CEO, and the entire leadership team is top notch. They walk the talk when it comes to leadership and being trustworthy!
Pros: I see everyday how SAP is making the world run better and improving people's lives all over the world. SAP is always finding ways to make tomorrow better. SAP is incredible to its employees. They give us amazing work-life balance; pay and benefits are top notch! Most of all, they truly care about every person that works there - employees and their families are treated with respect and genuine kindness.

Cons: Average Pay
Poor management
Uncertain future with Ariba merger
Work/life balance could be better - not much regard for employees in this regard
Poor/limited training
Poor documentation
Siloed organization structure - teams seem to compete and not collaborate
Advice: Now that merger with Ariba has been confirmed teams need to understand the vision.  We have seen a number of people let go and continue to see this take place.  I know that more information is coming in Q2 and I hope that it will provide a better sense of what the future holds - however, people are getting nervous and I think that you are risking the loss of some talented people.  

Also, now is the time to look for stronger management in general.  As we combine with Ariba having strong managers that can position employees and teams well will be imperative.  With a number of managers, I get the sense that there is a level of complacency.  The thought seems to be that Fieldglass will not change or that the situation will improve in general.  I don't know that anyone in the ranks believes that either outcome is probable.  When companies merge the winner (Ariba in this case) generally dictates the outcome.   The company line is that the combined org will grow, but, where the growth will take place has not been communicated.  If the growth is in CA or offshore that growth is meaningless to many at Fieldglass.

Also, the coming merger seems to have put a chilling effect on people helping one another.  There is a feeling of musical chairs that is pervasive and makes us far less collaborative.  I think that newer employees will have some challenges given the current environment unless managers can turn matters around.
Pros: Work from home
Some great people 
Good benefits

Cons: If you want to be in Sales here, you have to be very patient as it may take awhile to get ramped up.  Also, this company is meant for large enterprise sales, but those sales can take awhile to come to fruition.  There is a lot of wasted effort and the role can be difficult if you aren't prepared for it.
Advice: Make the products work together.
Pros: I love the companies vision and the focus on the environment and really cool internal goals that we have.  The people I have worked with have been awesome.

Cons: Not great at the compensation. Still follows old methodologies and slow in adopting changes. Some times politics may come in line. Not good at recognizing the hard work. Upper management asks for feedback, but considers rarely. Frequent re-orgs.
Advice: Adopt to new things faster like many other companies do. Do not take decisions in haste. Recognize and reward talented and hard working people.
Pros: Good Work-Life balance. Lot of opportunities to grow. Can gain good functional domain experience. Great colleagues. Good culture. Flexible timings. You get the opportunity to work across functional domains and technologies. You may find colleagues who are with this company for more than 30 years.

Cons: It was hard to find information in all the noise of the corporate portal, or a person who could provide the right information. It seemed there were several groups working on the same thing, and groups did not necessarily talk to each other.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits were great, although my salary (from many years at an acquired company) may have been a reason I was part of a layoff.
Many opportunities to learn/work - as long as you are in the right location.
The company is focused on improving user experience across its core software line.

Cons: The company decision-making process is simply too "silo-ed".  The right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing, and it leads to decisions that can be detrimental to the entire organization (because the decision was made with the good of a single organization in mind).
Advice: Break down the silos.  Product decisions need to be made at a product level, with input from each of the silos that are affected by it.  Not making decisions within a single silo that affect every silo that the product touches.
Pros: The Company has great benefits and great pay.

Cons: As every big company for times it is hard to get stuff done at SAP.
Advice: Keep the open-doors policy and the great environment with great multinational career opportunities. Run simple must continous the mantra and main business focus!
Pros: SAP is by far the best company I have worked for. the career opportunities are great, the salary is competitive, the environment is cool and the open-doors encorage you to seak up. benefits are also great, one of the best in my location. The multi-national exposure and development portfolio is amazing. At SAP I am able to partner with the smartest people in technology industry!

Cons: Some legacy parts of the company, particularly in the home country, tend to be somewhat bureaucratic and resistant to change.   Company lacks transparency around some topics and restructures far too often to appease egos and opinions rather than support strategies.
Advice: More transparency and consistency.   Don't change org structures more than once every 18 months.
Pros: Work allows you to have a global scope and impact.   Core cultural values and beliefs are very supportive and people focused.   Lots of opportunties to do different things.

Cons: Can be challenging to climb the ladder.  Reorganizing often.  As an SE your travel schedule is unpredictable, making it challenging to keep personal appointments and attend family events.
Advice: Moderate the amount of training assignments in SuccessFactors. Eliminate time recording for sales, it's not an accurate measure of utilization.  Keep focus on enhancing demo systems and scenarios.
Pros: Great people, good benefits, opportunities to wear many hats.  Opportunities to work across many industries and engage companies large and small across the globe.

Cons: You are held responsible for much of your own success. That can be good or bad, depending on your viewpoint. Large, global company can be daunting for some people.
Advice: Embrace change, leverage talent, alter your perspective.
Pros: Exceptional benefits, employer contributions, great healthcare, ample vacation plans. True commitment to my career path, whether in my current job or if a better opportunity or project opens up. Culture shock as to just how good it is here compared to many of my last employers. Easy to see why it is a Top Place to Work in the US.

Cons: Although the job description states that the role is for a Market Development Representative position, you are really an overpaid Telemarketer. The truth is this role consist of cold calling prospects 8- hours a day with the sole purpose of  setting appointments for Concur's Regional Sales Executives to follow up with potential new business. The practices that Concur uses to reach out to prospects is the biggest reason I left. You will be forced to mail merge/email blast thousands of new prospects, then follow up with them via telephone. Emailing these prospects constantly, calling them constantly, leads to a ton of rejection. They implemented new software to cut down on the email blast earlier this year, but with limited to sending 250 emails a day, they switched back to the "spray and pray" mentality. Get used email merges, daily, sometimes reaching out to 10K people at a time. It seems like they don't care about saturating their territories with constant emails. 

You must perform well in the Market Development Representative positions for a minimum of 12 months prior to being looked at going into any other role; in those 12 months, you must be hitting 100% to goal each month or you WILL NOT be promoted. That simple. The goals keep getting higher and higher because they want to get to 1 Billion in revenue by 2020. This is constantly preached. 

 This position is best suited for someone straight out of college, very flexible with work hours (some reps work 6:45am - 5:30pm daily), no kids, and live close to the St. Louis Park location. A large number of the current MDR's do not like the position at all, but are working hard to possibly be looked at to be promoted down the road.
Advice: Leadership shares a "it's never good enough type mentality". Leadership has their favorites within the group and they make that known. If you're doing well, leadership will give you time and attention. Management must inform people interested in this role what it's really like, not just talk about the incentives of working there (free soda/catered lunch) like they did in my interview.
Pros: Great culture. Some of the people I worked with in the last year are amazing! Nice office. Unlimited soda/coffee/LaCroix options. They cater in food all the time.

Cons: At times, the things that make SAP such a great company, like individuality, innovation, autonomy in one’s job, can be the biggest challenge. 

Establishing a good network of key contacts from day one is a must, and allows tracking and following of new developments across the entire organization – even outside one’s business area. Find a good mentor and be prepared to work in a “team work” approach. 

While working remote might be acceptable, working closer to an official office location may also help with establishing those relationships (though most leadership is distributed throughout the world, as in many global companies). 

SAP being an European company, the treatment of employees is very fair and considerate (maybe more so than many US companies) yet they are not immune to continuous changes in the industry, which leads to organizational enhancements from time to time (for the most part not reductions, yet changes in managers or teams). These will be easier to digest with a good network and a positive attitude in place.
Advice: - Continue to communicate the successful corporate strategy often
- Continue to focus on employees as "the most valuable asset"
- Continue to lead the industry with the most innovative solutions for business' around the world
Pros: Despite being the world’s industry leader for business software, SAP managed to keep a “small team” feeling - where colleagues work in a respectful and agile way. Key focus has been, and is, to deliver value for SAP’s customers (internal and external). From smaller enhancements to reimagining entirely new business processes, SAP brings some of the smartest people in the industry together to drive and solve tomorrow’s technology innovations. Knowing that a majority of the world’s economic activities are processed on SAP systems, and seamlessly connecting producers of goods with consumers, makes us proud. Knowing that many of our technologies and financial contributions are used to help and better the life’s of less fortunate world citizens, shows commitment to purpose and heart.

SAP’s management solicits and uses employee feedback in its daily business practices resulting in an environment of trust, respect, and genuine practice of “employees are the most valuable asset”. Being part of the SAP family means, one never runs out of options to further develop, learn, grow, and take advantage of opportunities. There are thousands of colleagues that are ready to support, be it for business mentorship, a personal challenge, or simply to have a friendly competition of encouraging fitness tracking as part of work-life balance and a healthy lifestyle.

SAP has generous benefits and pay – which is only one part of the equation. The boundless opportunities, with learning opportunities, advice and mentorship – as well as the ability to work with and learn from top international industry talent is a priceless experience not many companies can match. I can highly recommend SAP to anyone looking for a true opportunity that goes beyond of just being a job.

Cons: It is a large company and easy to get lost. Good ideas will not necessarily be adopted - there are tens if not hundreds of products/sub-products and not all of them are favored. 
I did not notice it while working there but now realize management really did not know what they were doing and flailed trying to find the right market.
Advice: None
Pros: It can be difficult but not impossible to get noticed and make an impact. Immediate management was very supportive. If you are lucky if you work on product/team that is the current interested in the company

Cons: SAP's culture is fairly process intensive, which can be a burden for some. The more we're intertwined with SAP (company was acquired through acquisition) the more siloed our roles are becoming. Some of that is natural in large companies.

Technology is moving quickly, but many aspects are controlled and guided by central architecture which doesn't leave a ton of room for flexibility.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology is evolving rapidly (at least in the Cloud based offerings) which is fun for the development community, the compensation and PTO time is good, and individuals can control their own pace to some degree (work/life balance).

Cons: - Let me think hard
- There are always room for improvement.
Advice: None
Pros: - Most Ethical company to work for. 
- Organic work culture
- Employee friendly
- Middle management are developer, Technical experts people who have ground zero experience.  This helps.
- Upper management communicates well. 
- Strong product strategy
- Strong merger acquisitions plans
- Strong vision 
- Support for employees and flexibility, Company goes above and beyond to help employees and adjust the work depending on personal situations -- This is great
- Employees can move look for opportunities at multiple locations across the globe 
- There are many +
-

Cons: It is a huge organization (100k+ employees), thus do not expect to be involved in most decisions, it takes time to learn how to navigate the extensive pools of information/teams/systems, it is easy to feel like a fish in the ocean, being located in Germany HQ, or US HQ, definitely has more impact in your career, than being located in a regional office.
Advice: Decentralize decision making, more focus on regional hubs
Pros: Great benefits, Cares a lot for the Employees well being, more than enough training available, offices are awesome, work surrounded by very talented people

Cons: a complexed matrixed organization can sometimes be challenging to get things completed
Current shift to Germany cetric executive board is frustrating for those outside of Europe
Advice: Its been a year full of change in the organization outside of COVID-19.  People are getting frustrated and nervous.  Open lines of communication and valuing perspectives and insights from all levels and locations of the business are  imparative.
Pros: fellowships give employees opportunities for stretch assignments outside their core jobs
Size and scope of company allow for mobility and growth
Leadership is young and innovative

Cons: Excessive politics and way too many turf wars. Probably inevitable for a large company, but still hampers productivity and can be demotivating. Strategic direction changes every 6 months.
Advice: Keep your CEOs for more than a few years. Establish a vision and a strategy and stick to it for the long haul. Remove processes (and don't remove them through a process).
Pros: Extremely flexible schedule works really well for people with young families. Good compensation, excellent benefits. Best of both worlds--European approach to employment (job relatively secure), American approach to being an employee (less structure).

Cons: This is a culture of lies, fear and manipulation.  The mantras are plastered all over every wall with things like "No A-holes."  The company (and management) does not practice what they preach and, until the CEO quit, we were constantly berated at "town hall meetings" and by company-wide emails with the constant message - if you are unhappy here, leave.  You are simply disgruntled and we don't want you here.  There is no open mindedness towards change for the better or the "Kaizen" culture they claim to have.  In fact, punishment abounds in this world of fear.  Nearly every employee in the place has been the subject of some form of reprimand.

There is high turnover in upper management, which is very unsettling.  People at all levels don't seem to stay in any position for more than 6 months before either leaving for something else, or being moved to another functional area.  Entire teams are disbanded on a whim and there is no certainty about who does what.  This type of CONSTANT organizational change creates an environment of zero responsibility.  

Work-from-home is selectively applied, even within teams.  Work-life balance only exists if you count "carrying your work phone around with you and constantly being on call" a balance.  You can expect to work late nights and weekends.  "Unlimited paid vacation" simply means that you're not actually entitled to any vacation, except at the whim and will of your manager.

Despite growing revenues, everyone in the company suffers from "not enough resources" to do the job correctly.  There is a company-wide culture of "something is better than nothing," which, if you believe in having pride in your work, will be a challenge for you.
Advice: It's time to develop some real strategic direction for where this merger is heading.  No one in the company even knows what the company looks like (structurally) anymore and people are afraid and uncertain about their futures here. Someone needs to take the helm and show everyone that there actually IS a plan.
Pros: Big company name (especially with SAP) and overly inflated titles look great on your resume
Great benefits

Cons: + Challenge to make sure you get the right territory to be successful
+ Very political so need to have your game face on at all times
+ Not invented here mentality can inhibit creativity to help get deals done
Advice: + CEO is a charismatic leader with a can do attitude.  Needs to make sure his leadership team is creative and open to new ideas that drive revenue.
Pros: + High performing sales organization with talented team members willing to help to support sales.
+ Opportunity to make lateral moves inside the organization to learn and grow 
+ Virtual working environment

Cons: Often times designated resources (engineers) aren't available for high priority items - as a Support Account Manager, you may be asked to look at code of forms, etc. to help move things along.
Advice: Invest more in getting back end processes aligned so front-end managers are not left in the cold!
Pros: Great pay - lots of investment in new products, both internally (CRM system) and in developing the different modules (new reports, new views, etc.) Lots of good energy and flexibility to work remotely.

Cons: Huge organization, 75K+ employees means sometimes not as agile in decision making process, I have had a couple of experiences where new compensation plans have not been rolled out until well into the 2nd quarter, which causes frustration on the part of the sales team.  Also there can be a bit of a "revolving door" in middle management as they work to get experience to climb the corporate ladder, causing some instability.
Advice: great job making the customer's experience top priority now try making the SAP colleagues experience top of mind.
Pros: Great company, forward thinking, solid management team.

Cons: Large company can at times seem very fragmented (or even completely in a Silo).  Must take your own initiative to learning and advancing - no one will promote you just for putting in your time (I think that's actually a "pro" :-))
Advice: Break down the silo mentality.  When new companies are added to the family, do more to proactively integrate them, and inform the family of the new "child"
Pros: Great compensation, benefits and work-life balance.  Good Training is available, pretty unlimited advancement opportunities.  Lots of work-from home jobs as well.

Cons: 2020 Insurance Premiums just came out and there is a huge spike.  My colleague who has just herself on the plan saw a 100% increase in her monthly premium for 2019 vs. 2020.  Mine is increasing by a minimum of 17%.  Annual raises are minimal at best - during a time that the company is trying to boost revenue for shareholders... their workforce is most definitely feeling the impact!
Advice: Take care of your people.  Don't give just 24 hours notice for your employees to be able to join and benefits Q&amp;A - especially when there are such substantial changes to plans, premiums, deductibles, out of pocket maximums, etc.
Pros: Don't get me wrong, there is a lot to love about this company - mostly the people you work alongside.

Cons: Like any large company, there's a potential for politics to come into play; and like any job, whether you love or hate it will be largely dependent on your boss, the leadership of your specific organization, and the culture they establish. 

Management opportunities can often be based on personal connections over merit. There seem to be lots of examples of people quickly jumping from the bottom of the company into very high level positions after working in "the office of the CEO" but how those opportunities are assigned is a mystery to most employees.

SAP also touts a focus on "diversity and inclusion" - while it does seem that we have at least some diversity in the lower ranks, diversity in leadership is severely lacking. There is a clear focus on promoting women into leadership positions (there is even a stated goal for that) but so far, that seems to be limited to caucasian women. Having been at SAP almost a decade, I can't think of a single upper management position held by a person of color.
Advice: Do more to make sure the culture and messaging coming down from the top is actually implemented throughout the company.  

Implement processes that ensure ALL qualified employees have a fair shot at leadership roles or high-visibility opportunities, and actively discourage the practice of preferential treatment based on personal connections.  

If SAP is going to continue boasting about its focus on diversity and inclusion, expand your definition of those terms past just gender - include people of varying ethnicities/colors, and set goals accordingly.  Otherwise, it feels very disingenuous.
Pros: As a whole, SAP is a great company to work for. It's successful and stable, the pay and benefits are competitive, and the corporate culture is extremely conducive to establishing a long-term career with the company. Generally speaking, once you're at SAP and have established yourself as a solid performer, the company makes it relatively easy to explore other roles in other areas of the company, and many people take advantage of this flexibility and enjoy long and happy tenures with the company. 

SAP is constantly changing, which can be frustrating for some, but it definitely helps keep things interesting and is a necessary part of adapting to the needs of the market. 

The fact that our CEO openly encouraged employees to submit Glassdoor reviews says a lot about him.

Cons: Away from headquarters is a pro and a con
Little control over work assignments and time for execution
Many organizational levels make it difficult to be influential
Male-dominated  and type A mentality
Diversity is great but also means some cultural differences to overcome
Heavy administrative processes (expense, performance reviews, procurement, etc.)
Advice: Invest in improving internal systems and work on empowering managers and employees.
Pros: Travel opportunities to Europe and Asia
Great campus in the Bay area
Solid company offers stability and great benefits
Cares about employee retention and diversity
New efforts towards gender equity
Top-down culture but engages with employees before and after making decisions
Good social citizen with focus on sustainability

Cons: Some management and senior leadership were inexperienced and unable to coach or guide junior level employees.  Marketing plans and programs were often stalled due to an inability to make a decision.
Advice: Consider using brand or reputation management tools to evaluate effectiveness of marketing or pr programs.  New management should be required to take classes and have assigned mentors to guide them through their new roles.
Pros: Decent career paths if you have the right manager.  Benefits are good (health coverage, regular pay increases and bonuses and 401K).  There are a lot of employee education opportunities.  Work-life balance is respected.

Cons: Matrixed infrastructure makes communication frustrating.  Sales culture can get a bit annoying.  As with any large global company, there are inevitable cultural speedbumps.
Advice: Allow for more country specific customization.  Too much time/money wasted one-size-fits all global mandate.
Pros: SAP is a big, exciting company that has industry leading products. Lots of ambitious folks.  Especially with HANA, they are doing some of the most exciting things in the world when it comes to Big Data and analytics.  Good pay.  Company seems poised to continue to rise - stock price etc.

Cons: - Inefficiencies due to a highly distributed development organization
- Bloated organization with a considerable number of not overly motivated "lifers", meaning employees with 10+ years of tenure
- SAP is betting its future on HANA, a risky strategy
Advice: - Bring in new (outside) management talent in the middle layers of the organization
- Elevate product management to have an equal footing next to Engineering
Pros: - Very competitive compensation packages as compared to other big enterprise software companies (e.g. Oracle)
- Good opportunities to work in various location across the globe
- Diverse workforce

Cons: - Salaries are lower than in other companies in Bay Area.
- SAP in-house tools/processes are very slow and overly complicated; It often takes a long time to accomplish a simple task.
- Product management frequently makes decisions to change product positioning (for example, by rebranding). This doesn't add any value, only adds extra work.
- SAP has trouble attracting best high tech workers
Advice: Simplify Simplify Simplify
Pros: - Great colleagues
- Good benefits (free food, vacation)
- Company supports employee growth and offers training opportunities 
- Company supports work/life balance.

Cons: Internal clients could sometimes be very rushed due to their positions, meaning if anything went wrong they would hound us until the issue was resolved. This is not specific to SAP, but I definitely saw it more at the company than in other positions I've taken.
Advice: Make sure your employees are always in the know about what is going one, whether it be for a specific role or for a shift in the company as a whole.
Pros: In the IT support department everyone was very supportive and communicative. If you had questions there was always someone with an answer.

Cons: As with all large companies,  getting immediate support on many internal business processes takes an unusual amount of time to complete - internal processes/protocols could be improved.    

Work culture-wise, remote interaction is predominant which takes away the "human" interaction component - which in essence is the sign of our current times.
Advice: Bring back the "human" element of human resource interaction.
Pros: Good mix of brilliant, hardworking employees with global reach.  There is opportunity to grow and learn (training).  Be mindful about networking within, as it is who you know that can guide your career growth.

Cons: Complexity that comes with a 95K+ employee company that has grown both organically and via acquisitions.
Advice: Proactively facilitate / support employees trying to make internal moves / career transitions.  Offer more face-to-face opportunities for remote employees.  Continue to enhance the top-talent program.
Pros: GREAT people, low employee turnover, flexibility to work remotely, strong overall compensation (base + leveraged comp + stock options + stock purchase program), freedom to travel (for customer-facing roles), internal fellowship program, social sabbatical program, world-class company reputation, serving many of the world's largest companies.

Cons: The direct pay compensation is good, but could be better compared to opportunities at consulting / partner companies.
While SAP does try to support work / life balance, it is very easy to get swept up in work that takes away from this balance.
Advice: All things considered, we are on a good path. We have opportunities to reduce the bureaucracy with our innovation investments and going to market sooner with innovations.
Pros: Great People
Great benefits
Global Perspective
Many information and training platforms
Many opportunities to contribute
The company does try to support work / life balance and is very supportive in family emergencies or life events

Cons: So many changes have led to poor communication and very bad decisions.  The continual hiring of people outside the company rather than looking to promote people inside the company has led to a significant culture change that is negative.  Those who have been hired into leadership are out of touch with those who are doing the actual work.  We have a lot of managers but not a lot of real leaders.  People are disgruntled and dissatisfied.
There is VERY little real training outside of the Sales team.  The Leadership team talks about training constantly but will not invest ANY money in training or resources.
Advice: Get dirty.  Go talk to the people who are actually doing all the work, not those who are managing them and are feeding you the "corporate" cliches.  Be concerned about your managers.  So many new managers have little or no people experience are are doing a poor job of managing their staff.  Decisions are being made in the best interests of the managers career not the best interest of the company.  Put your money where your mouth is.  Stop talking about training and then never delivering on good training programs.  The customers are the ones suffering for lack of training, bad management decisions, and inefficiencies.  Stop listening to people that you are hiring from other companies who know nothing about how this company works.  Listen to those who have worked her and know the real truth about what is going on.
Pros: The compensation and benefits at the company are pretty good.  There are people who work here who are amazing and make it a good place to work.  There are some career opportunities because of the size of the company.

Cons: ZERO work life balance and NO respect for your private time. Expect calls & meetings into the late night and also expect you WILL work weekends!  The CEO is a bit of a wacko and sends crazy emails and the management will drive you into the ground with long hours and lots of work.  Horrible experience.
Advice: HIRE! !   Hire enough people to do the job!
Pros: Young entrepreneurial culture, competitive pay and bonuses, work from home ok.

Cons: This company drinks its own Kool-Aid. Instead of digging out deficiencies & working on solving them, the management across the company spends more time building powerpoint slides to show why SuccessFactors is the best cloud company in the world. I think they come up with these metrics to secure their bonuses for the year. The reality is that Successfactors is nowhere close to being the best cloud player and it will take quite a bit to get there. In the long run this will be a more serious issue.
Advice: Raise management standards and don't turn a blind eye or reward poor management. Pay should be based on performance.
Pros: Nice colleagues, slightly above average pay, commuter benefits, free food, office location, being part of SAP gives company access to lot of resources.

Cons: Most likely need to relocate to advance in the company (which you may consider a "Pro" or a "Con"). Walldorf is the HQ and thus the center of SAP's universe even though great ideas spring up all over the company. Not really a "con", but I'll put it here: You must be a consensus builder in order to succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people who work hard.  There is an emphasis put on work-life balance. Redundancy is being cleaned up throughout the company. Training is available, if you need take advantage of it.

Cons: Can be a very bureaucratic and process-bound place, and a tendency to be quite conservative in terms of go to market and product strategy.
Advice: There are some incredibly bright people here, and a brand name that commands respect in Silicon Valley, but at the same time SAP has a reputation for being overly cautious and conservative.  This perception needs to change in order for the company to compete for talent with other Valley corporate giants that don't have this perception.
Pros: Lots of innovative, bright people to work with, a very low key corporate culture, and nice campus amenities in Palo Alto.

Cons: Very Cliquey - if you ain't in the right fraternity, forget it.  Very exclusive.
Annual Change
Even if you perform, your job is not safe
Constantly looking over your shoulder for someone coming with the knife
Advice: End the exclusivity
Promote on merit, not on familiarity
Allow people to develop in their role
Pros: Good pay and benefits
Smart people
Flexible
Winner's Circle

Cons: Very process driven, very complex matrixed organization with goals often not aligned across all LOB's. Politics can get in the way of good business because of the sheer size of the organization.
Advice: Simplify the Go to Market to weed out complexities. Pricing is too complex and takes too many iterations to position with customers. The company needs to pivot to the cloud with more focus. Compensation gets in the way of selling innovation in some examples
Pros: Sales machine with a good strategy. Great software focused on driving value for customers. The company treats its employees very well. Overall, great company to work for.

Cons: Like other tech companies, expect a continuous flow of change within the organization. It can be confusing at times. If you find that unsettling, this probably isn't the right industry for you.
Advice: None
Pros: I came to SAP through an acquisition more than 7 years ago. While it can be tricky (and confusing) at times to navigate the continuous changes that occur at tech companies, I really appreciate the positive and collaborative culture at SAP. Nearly all colleagues I've worked with at SAP are truly nice people who are focused on making a positive impact to the company and its customers.

Cons: Big company, so there are a ton of resources, teams, and onboarding training which can be complex to navigate at first.
Advice: I love how management is always supportive, engaged, and available to build their teams. Continuing to offer face-to-face interactions and team building experiences is going to be critical -- it's helped our team continue to make great strides and measureable impacts in our markets. Communication and collaboration in this digital age is so important!
Pros: Flexible workspace, fun and connected culture, supportive environment, focused on growth and learning, innovative, collaborative

Cons: Many of the departments are very territorial.  You will frequently find that the most stressful part of your job will be dealing with other employees of SAP that do not understand that in the end you are all on the same team.  

Explanations on how to perform every day tasks in the system are poorly documented and the instructions that come from Germany are rarely helpful because they do everything differently over there.  

The sales team can be very arrogant and difficult to work with.

Many of the departments do NOT have flexible hours.  There is a school of thought that believes the $4.00 per diem for lunch at the cafeteria is designed to get employees to stay in the building all day and eat lunch at your desk so that they essentially get an extra hour of work out of you.  Expect to be there at least nine hours every day, there is no skipping lunch and leaving early.  

Currently SAP America is in a hiring freeze and has been since late last year.  There has been NO word on when the hiring freeze will be lifted.  

Quarter End's for Finance are a nightmare.  If you have a family and want to spend Christmas, New Years Eve, Or July 4th with them this is not the place for you.  I am not exaggerating when I say I left the building on New Years Eve at 9:30 PM and there were several people that were still there.
Advice: I understand that the company is driven by sales, but I would advise your sales force to have some compassion and understanding for the teams that need to do the work after their contracts are signed.  The reality is that once they get them signed and they are high fiving each other the work is just beginning for many other departments, they need to keep that in mind when they are getting things signed at 10 PM on the last day of the quarter.  

The company needs to do somthing about the isolation of all of their departments.  I have never worked for a company where so many people were completely in the dark about the job functions and responsibilities of other departments they interact with every day.  Two words....Cross Training.  

How about loosening up the Flexibile hours a bit?  We are in the 21st century here guys, some of us have long commutes. The sooner we can get in, get our work done, and get home to our families the better off we will all be.
Pros: The salary is pretty good for the position.  

The benefits including the $4.00 per diem for lunch are great.  

Depending on the department you work for you may have the opportunity to work from home.

Cons: Speed and agility - This is definitely an area SAP can improve on. 
I have often felt that SAP leadership lacks decisiveness. So, in several areas you see similar products competing with other SAP products, and it could be confusing. This often affects the speed of delivery. 
There is also more resistance to change, so you could get stuck with "dead" products or technologies for a while.
Proprietary technologies - SAP's flagship products - SAP Business Suite - is built using proprietary technologies. In the last few years, SAP has embraced more common technology stacks to build solutions, and I hope this will only increase and will improve the ease of development and speed of delivery. 
Not enough early talent - I feel that the average age of an SAP employee is higher than the industry average. This is a huge benefit due the experience and knowledge levels that reflect in high quality of software products the company produces. But, it is important to balance this with early talent to leverage new ideas, trends, skills and energy they can bring.
Advice: Please focus more on perks and benefits to improve employee engagement and satisfaction. Small gifts, perks, spot awards and similar benefits can improve employee satisfaction tremendously. In dynamic job markets like Silicon Valley or Bangalore, this can play an important role in retaining talent, and even attracting new and young talent.
Pros: I have been with SAP for over 12 years. That it itself is a testament to how valued and comfortable the company makes you feel as an employee. 
With SAP, you get the feeling that you are working on high value products that make a material impact to how businesses are run. The brand is highly respected in the industry. Work culture is great, very open and employee friendly. Pay and benefits are okay, it is better than average market, but the upside is limited as there is no profit sharing or RSUs granted on a regular basis. 
The best part is, SAP provides great opportunities to move within the company to new jobs and teams, and invests in talent development.

Cons: Some redundancies in roles/competing projects; tons of administrative hurdles in IT, HR, Payroll, and Benefits; not enough funding for diversity projects.
Advice: Keep the workplace fun! Allow more company travel. Fund diversity inititives (LGBT, gender, minority) at a much higher rate.
Pros: Great learning opportunities; availability of extra experiences outside of regular job; lots of really smart people across the spectrum (gender, age, nationality, etc.) and around the world to collaborate with; interesting projects (including self-driven) to help our customers help the world run better (really, it's not just a tagline); work anytime, anywhere and great work/life balance in many roles.

Cons: coffee & lunch are free, they have high sustainability goals, they highly encourage volunteering & community support, they have a beautiful building, fun people, tons of opportunity to grow and learn internally and sometimes completely reinvent yourself.  so the biggest con is that you'll love it so much you won't want to leave.
Advice: Keep it up!  We Love Bill & Jen!
Pros: industry leading women's equal opportunities.
maximum high tech content 
work-life balance
NSQ location offers a high quality of life you can Segway in Philly or Horse & Buggy in Lancaster... pick the model that works for you and your family.

Cons: Cloud compensation model is not on par with industry standards
Advice: re-evaluate how you pay compensation on cloud deals.  Most cloud companies pay on back log to drive 3-5 year deals vs penalize on 1 year deals deals.
Remove conflict between sales bags - PDM vs L&amp;A to be specific.
Pros: Products
Vision
Executive leadership
Commitment to work life balance 
Direct level management support 
Autonomous sales - They trust their employees to do their jobs - no micromanagement 
Sales org structure - not a lot of cross bag conflict
Bill McDermott is a fantastic CEO !!!

Cons: - Too bureaucratic.
- Way too many layoffs, sometimes with horrible euphemisms such as simplification.  "Hey, life is simple, you don't have a job".  Literally folks were saying "I've been simplified".   I can't stress how bad this hurts morale, and productivity.  Folks stop helping each other because they don't want to make themselves irrelevant.  It was fascinating and terrifying to watch from the inside.
- If you are good at your job, it's difficult to move up as your manager will likely not let you go.  (This was ultimately the reason that I eventually left)
- For services, there are VERY high utilization numbers which means you'll have to do training  / self-improvement on your own time.  You'll also likely not take some of your PTO in an effort to make your numbers (and ultimately your bonus payment)  If you end up on short term assignments, it will be nearly impossible to make your numbers.  
- You don't always get a raise.  When you do, it's likely fairly small.  Over time inflation means you make less. 
- There are some new ideas that make no sense.  Example:  They changed the employee evaluation system to something called "SAP Talk".   You no longer get rated.  You simply have a conversation with your manager and set some goals.  But you aren't rated.  You have NO idea really how you are doing.  You have no idea how your performance will affect a raise (if any).  I feel like my career went into a big fog once the ratings went away.
Advice: - Add some clarity to career progression.  
- Find some way for good employees to escape and move up when a manager wants to keep them.
- For the good of all things holy, get rid of this SAP Talk idea.  
- I would have loved to stay, but my career would have been stuck.  So after a very long tenure, I moved on.  I'll miss SAP, and I still think very fondly of the company.
Pros: - Great company !
- Great products !
- Motivated &amp; charismatic CEO that could sell cement shoes to passengers on a sinking ship.
- If you are in Germany, you probably have a job for life.
- Very good travel policies.
- Excellent benefits.
- Some years you get a very generous bonus.
- You will always be proud to work for SAP

Cons: What Steve started was a genuine SAAS company. Things went down downhill once the large corporation SAP bought out the company. It seems as though SAP's only interest is to slash off Concur's work force and cripple its operations. I can't believe that Concur's leadership at Chief-level aren't able to do anything to stop this.
Advice: Concur SAAS has a market share and SAP's operational decisions made for Concur  could be a conflict of interest given that SAP itself is a SAAS company now or trying to become one, with very little success!
Pros: What it used to be was an open-minded start-up culture. But this is not the company that Steve started anymore after SAP took control!

Cons: Processes and procedures (that are necessary) can feel confining.
This is sort of a con, but actually a plus. You have to learn to connect and collaborate so that your work and development integrates and aligns with other projects and technology directions.
Advice: Love the interaction and Q&amp;A at all-hands meetings.
Pros: Embraces diversity and sees our differences as a strength for the company.
Proactive placing women in management/leadership roles.
Forward-looking and transforming the company to meet the needs of 21st Century users.
Great training, upskilling, and mentor resources available.
Opportunity to work with global colleagues, expand your own point-of-reference.

Cons: - Terrible compensation at SAP silicon valley/bay area. Even though I have always been a top performer in my team (I've been SAP Catalyst for several times), even with my promotions/progressions I have stayed at 70% of my level's median salary. Raises have been around 3-4%. My only option (I'm bound to SAP through my Visa and slow GC processing) was to switch to a company SAP acquired, which I did. Suddenly, it was the most normal thing in the world to be paid 100% of my level's median salary.
- Slow Green Card processing - I'm not affected by this, but many of my peer complain about it. SAP uses Fragomen for Visa processing and they are terribly slow. Expect for a single email to answered by Fragomen after 4 weeks, sometimes two months. Now figure how many years some people wait to just get their GC process started.
- Incompetent people &amp; product management - Most managers have no idea how cloud software is built and how dev teams have to be organized.
- Reporting lines across the ocean and back
- Terrible product quality: I do not know a single SAP product that I enjoy using. Everything is just hacked together.
- In the very end, no real value-creating work: Software development at SAP is mainly about stitching together acquisitions with our core. All the newer stuff (machine learning, IoT blockchain, etc.) is done at comparatively low investment (politically and with resources) mostly driven by non-technical people instead of "value engineering".
- I haven't seen a single "innovation" project succeed at SAP within the past 5 years (Leonardo, etc.). Everything is just stitched together somehow with no real strategy.
Advice: Let incompetent people go, pay better than Google and hire the best in the industry. Change people manager roles to engineering manager roles, up to the CTO.
Pros: Work-life balance
Beautiful campus in Palo Alto
Healthy Company Culture &amp; Values
Good Early Talent Programs
Great food on campus

Cons: 2020 Insurance Premiums just came out and there is a huge spike.  My colleague who has just herself on the plan saw a 100% increase in her monthly premium for 2019 vs. 2020.  Mine is increasing by a minimum of 17%.  Annual raises are minimal at best - during a time that the company is trying to boost revenue for shareholders... their workforce is most definitely feeling the impact!
Advice: Take care of your people.  Don't give just 24 hours notice for your employees to be able to join and benefits Q&amp;A - especially when there are such substantial changes to plans, premiums, deductibles, out of pocket maximums, etc.
Pros: Don't get me wrong, there is a lot to love about this company - mostly the people you work alongside.

Cons: Since ERP makes a lot of money, all other team only try to make fancy products without generating revenue.  A lot of recent managers are pushing to release products not for generating money from customer but getting credit for promotion.
Advice: Hire smart, diligent people with high compensation instead of hiring more mediocre people with cheap salary.  Check manager's performance is not based on how fast the product is released but how good the product is.
Pros: Stable enterprise business oriented. Long vacation package. Fair health and 401K benefit. With $6.5 lunch credit and free fruit daily.

Cons: As any large company,  you have to navigate through multiple layers of processes to get things done.  But leadership seems genuinely committed to our "Run Simple" motto.   Things are improving every day.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of great opportunities for growth for employees-  it's a very "promote from within" culture.  I'm  surrounded by smart, articulate, engaged colleagues who seem to really want to make an impact here.   Great place to work -  great work/life balance, as many roles can be done virtually.

Cons: Reorganizations do not always seem to be for the good of the employees.  Various levels of upper management can be out of touch at times, in large corporations, in general.
Advice: Get feedback from technical employee groups, treat them as equals to the marketing groups, and actually use the feedback in to improve situations.  Make it a priority to give consulting employees training in the new products, services, etc.,  before training all the Partners and pushing work to them.
Pros: Good co-workers, network of experts and online resources that are available to assist you with instructions, information, advice, etc!!

Cons: As with any very large organization, their are many resources and lots of information.  Information overload can get hard to manage and organize.  But better too much than not enough.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: SAP is committed to truly helping their customers achieve their business objectives.  They continue to innovate each and every day and are focused on building business solutions for the future.  They empower their workforce to think outside the box, they respect the ability to balance work and personal needs and trust their employees to get the job done.

Cons: Customer facing positions can be high stress since you're the face of SAP and you're dealing with decisions that cost millions of dollars and can make or break the customer's company financially. You have to continually study and add to your body of knowledge as new information becomes available on an almost daily basis. You have to continually increase your skill sets to remain relevant.
This is not a job, it's a lifestyle. If you don't approach it that way, you'll burn out quickly. The advantage of SAP is the (earned) perception that customers have about the quality of our employees. The disadvantage is that you have to live up to that perception every minute you're in front of the customer.
If you're looking for a 9 to 5 job with very specifically defined, repeatable tasks, SAP is probably not for you.
Advice: None
Pros: I work in a customer facing position at SAP. I have had the opportunity to work with Fortune 10 companies, small companies, public sector entities and everything in between. The reputation of SAP gives me instant credibility with the customer as the vendor representative. I have the opportunity to develop a trusted advisor relationship with my customers and work with them on business critical projects; giving direction, providing leadership and support as they implement SAP's software products across their company.  
It's easy to maintain and build that credibility with the wealth of documentation and colleague support. I am able to find answers to product questions and develop solutions to implementation challenges knowing I can count on other colleagues across the company supporting me.
SAP gives me the opportunity to do what I love to do every day at customers around the world that I would never have the opportunity to touch otherwise. I have the freedom to assume as much responsibility as I wish and rise as high in the company as I am able. 
Expertise, hard work and results are generously rewarded based on my abilities.

Cons: LARGE BUSINESS COMPLEXITY:  the entrepreneurial spirit is real, but SAP still is a large enterprise, with a broad portfolio of software and there's just a layer (or layers) of complexity that's unavoidable.  Approvals are layered and things don't move as fast as you want/should. No worse than other places, better than many. 

RE-ORGs: all companies in tech go through reorganizations more frequently than companies in traditional fields like manufacturing, but SAP is somewhat known for moving teams and organizations around faster than average.  Depending on your role in the company, you could have a new focus in your job every year without actually moving to a new team. 

If you hate change and having to constantly learn new things, this will be challenging for you.  But if you get bored easily, this could be a positive even if it can be frustrating.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing - and keep rewarding innovation, simplification, and common sense.
Pros: CAREER FLEXIBILITY: I started my career in pre-sales, moved to product development, and  looking for a new challenge, I reinvented my career in marketing. I can't imagine another company where I'd have been able to reboot my career *with support from management* as I have here. 

COLLABORATIVE CULTURE: The level of collaboration here is really amazing. Talk to SAPers and the most common  "plus" you hear about the company is "the people"... Can't find information you're looking for? Send an email to someone you don't know who has that keyword in their profile, and no matter where in the world they are, they're going to help you or help you find someone with the information. I've never had someone say to me "that's not my job". It's amazing. And uncommon.

ENTREPRENEURIAL SPIRIT: SAP is big, but everyone I talk to agrees the thing we love is the way you can mold your role/job and career here - and if you decide you want to leave to try something different or you're taking a break from work to take care of family, and want to come back to SAP you'll find that additional experience viewed as a positive (and in the case of a break to care for children/family, you will find support for your re-entry).  That said, if you are someone who wants a job that's highly-directed (strong oversight, active management by your boss on a day to day basis with daily feedback/input) this is not going to be a place for you in most cases. This is a highly-independent work environment in the vast majority of cases.

CULTURE: I'm going to sound marketing-y for a minute, but imagine working for a company that is EDGE Certified (leading business certification for gender equality), has a global Tech Diversity &amp; Inclusion team, has offices and customers in ~180 countries;  has a major Corporate Social Responsibility organization that coordinates volunteers for service activities, and during 2 mos of the year offers paid time off to participate in volunteer activities;  and donation-matching is offered. SAP has been in industry leader since 2014 delivering an Annual "Integrated Report" which considers the corporate impact on the environment and our sustainability, to use a holistic view of our total impact beyond finances as our measure of success each year.  We also have a range of employee interest groups including Business Women's Network, Black Employees Network, and are one of Workplace Pride's Top 10 companies in the world for LGBTQ-friendly  workplace environment and policies.  Inter-cultural training is provided to help teams in different countries understand how to work and communicate more effectively with each other. This is not about political correctness; it's about being respectful of others' cultures and different points of view, even if you have different beliefs. 

GLOBAL REACH/IMPACT:  If you eat it, drink it, drive it, wear it, or use it in your daily life, our customers probably make it. E.g., 78% of the world's food supply is delivered by SAP customers (including 82% of the world's chocolate supply, and 72% of the world's beer).  That is incredible - but it also is a key reason our Board and CEO have a mission to "Help the world run better and improve people's lives". If your company touches 70% of financial transactions that happen daily, globally, you have an opportunity and a responsibility to think about how that reach can benefit people - not just ourselves.  A lot of people struggle wanting to work somewhere that makes a difference - I've found working at SAP I have a long-term career where I do make a difference, in ways that I can't imagine other companies could. Very cool.

SUPPORT TO INNOVATE &amp; TAKE RISKS:  the CEO says "tell it like it is" and take informed risks and as far as I've seen, this is supported (standard caveat of, "when it's done in a constructive, and respectful way".  This may partly be a function of German work culture, but I've found the openness here refreshing compared with friends' experiences.

PURPOSE-DRIVEN: SAP's mission FOR YEARS is "Help the world run better and improve people's lives". This was our mission before it was 'cool'. This was our mission before terms like 'green-washing' and 'virtue-signaling' came into mainstream conversations. We have had CSR programs for more than 20 years; we have had sustainability programs for at least a decade; we've had excellent benefits like paid parental leave for adoptions, paid bereavement leave (immediate family ), affordable healthcare, paid vacation starting at 3 wks (sick days are separate from vacation days), subsidized public transportation, and our larger offices there are employee cafeterias where you can get subsidized lunches (hot food, not just deli-style food), sourced locally when possible, and with vegetarian and vegan options. 

TRAINING &amp; CAREER SUPPORT:  a robust program for growing within the company means once you join SAP, you can do a wide range of jobs and change careers - as I did - multiple times without leaving the company. I personally attribute this to the German business model, which brings in young talent and nurtures it, versus the typical American model where recruiters look for existing-employed individuals and attempt to hire them away.  This model means a lot of people stay at SAP for a long time compared to other tech companies - but the ability to move around within the company and try different jobs keeps your career fresh and interesting. There are formal and informal job training programs, formal Mentoring and Coaching programs, internal recruiters to help people move around, and - one of the best things - opportunities to work in other countries for short term or permanent assignments, with the most opportunities in Asia, Europe, and Latin America.

Cons: Work/life balance can be an issue (particularly in nations without protective worker laws), and ancillary benefits are not always consistent from region to region. Some of this is to be expected.

An unfortunate side effect of a large company, like SAP, is that that willfully ineffective people have an ability to hang around far longer than they should. They tend to hide in different departments or act as barriers to progress. Again, not a show stopper... but at times it can be an annoying impediment. 

Additionally, there is not enough visibility on the quality of individual (named) leaders. These individuals can either positively or (severely) negatively impact the quality, moral, and retention of great employees - thus, valuable talents depart (good leaders or good teammates under poor leaders) before it can be recognized. 

The one con that many of us have not yet learned to overcome is this: If you are NOT in proximity to the global headquarters, it is hard to get recognized and there is a bit of a glass ceiling on your upward mobility. There are fewer true growth opportunities. This means many people end up departing for other green fields in an effort to advance their careers and ambitions.

SAP would do well to independently review their people surveys and outcomes for hidden talent in other regions.
Advice: Pay more attention to other regions.  Do independent dives to identify talent, and to see who is performing strongly, and who is not.   Consider all factors, upstream and downstream.   

Continue to be people centric overall.  SAP is a great place to work and create, however, it needs to be fostered and not forgotten.
Pros: The benefits are competitive, compensation is pretty good, there are always challenges for those who seek them, there is growth opportunity, and there is always an ability to learn something. SAP takes care of their employees (generally speaking) with the understanding that we will pay it back in kind. I, and others, have been very fortunate to always have opportunities at our doorstep.

Technology and solution challenges are plenty, as there is always something to do.

Christian Klein is brilliant... One could argue he became sole CEO too early, but those arguments would be severely flawed. He has a solid field of recognition and a strong grasp on what people in the company are doing. He's a financials wizard, but he keeps his heart very close to the technology. He's an absolute rock star in the making.

Cons: A lot of optional benefits you can take advantage of at SAP, like tuition benefits, fellowships, etc., is all determined by your direct manager's approval. This is extremely disadvantageous to those of us at SAP with managers that don't believe in these opportunities and don't want to use any of their budget for these items. More importantly, your ability to move up in your career is determined by your direct manager, and this is an extreme disadvantage with some of the managers they've hired. Also, it is very difficult to get fired from SAP, which means that poor performers at both management-level and individual contributors get shuffled around to new groups rather than getting let go, which brings down all of SAP with their lower standards.
Advice: Keep being a leader among all other companies in your responses to the crises that affect your employees around the world. Keep doing the right thing when it comes to your employees.

Please remove some of the complete power over our careers and opportunities from our direct managers. There should be some checks and balances for direct managers on their approvals and rejections, promotions, etc. One bad apple manager can ruin the SAP experience for a whole team of employees.
Pros: So many pros -- the pay, benefits, vacation time, work/life balance, parental leave. Higher ups at SAP really do care about our wellbeing. SAP's response to the COVID-19 crisis was phenomenal and showed great leadership. They immediately closed all their offices and training centers and shut down all non-essential travel. They sent free masks to all their employees, and gave us all an extra day off to get out of our home offices. Although in some cases, SAP is known for older technologies and interfaces, that isn't often the case anymore, and you can join a group work on cutting edge technologies. SAP does a great job promoting internally and allowing employees to move around to different roles and positions while staying within the company. If I ever decide to change my role, I know that I want to stay with SAP.

Cons: Not located close enough to a major city.  It would be nice if their offices were in Philadelphia, but they're in the suburbs.  Not very close to anything interesting.
Advice: Listen to your users.  Many small businesses seem to have trouble adapting even with training.  What is keeping them from using their SAP platform to its fullest potential?
Pros: Strong company, beautiful campus, treats employees very well.  SAP employees (but not contractors) get a decent per diem for lunch in the cafe, which incidentally has good food and alot of variety.

Cons: In the sales side, the biggest negative to working here is that the company changes their strategy yearly, which isn't terribly odd execpt that it usually means you'll be in a different role in a different territory from year to year.  The exception is if you are high level field AE.  This means you have one year to make hey because you know you'll be doing something different come January.  Also, don't plan on taking vacation in sales during the last quarter, especially right at the end of the year.  That's when all the big deals close.  As an Inside sales person, there's also only so much affect you can have on a larger deal.  Due to the way the sale organization is structured, an SAP partner is involved as well as an SAP feild person, which can often reduce your role on large deals to admin and reporting guy.
Advice: Stop changing everyone's roles every year.  It makes us myopic in our sales strategy.
Pros: The company really does take care of it's people.  Even if they have some massive shift in strategy, I have to admit they do a good job of trying to shift peoples roles instead of just letting them go.  They also offer a decent severence strategy to give you time to find another role inside the company if they do let you go.  The benefits are good.  The people are usually the best of the best and are very helpful.  There are some attitudes and egos but most people are great to work with.  There are tons of opportunities to advance here and it's encouraged.  SAP is also a great career experience and you become a valuable commodity after a couple of years in sales.

Cons: In the sales side, the biggest negative to working here is that the company changes their strategy yearly, which isn't terribly odd execpt that it usually means you'll be in a different role in a different territory from year to year.  The exception is if you are high level field AE.  This means you have one year to make hey because you know you'll be doing something different come January.  Also, don't plan on taking vacation in sales during the last quarter, especially right at the end of the year.  That's when all the big deals close.  As an Inside sales person, there's also only so much affect you can have on a larger deal.  Due to the way the sale organization is structured, an SAP partner is involved as well as an SAP feild person, which can often reduce your role on large deals to admin and reporting guy.
Advice: Stop changing everyone's roles every year.  It makes us myopic in our sales strategy.
Pros: The company really does take care of it's people.  Even if they have some massive shift in strategy, I have to admit they do a good job of trying to shift peoples roles instead of just letting them go.  They also offer a decent severence strategy to give you time to find another role inside the company if they do let you go.  The benefits are good.  The people are usually the best of the best and are very helpful.  There are some attitudes and egos but most people are great to work with.  There are tons of opportunities to advance here and it's encouraged.  SAP is also a great career experience and you become a valuable commodity after a couple of years in sales.

Cons: There are way too many reorganization exercises.  Even when you're not directly impacted, you are 2 degrees of separation from someone who is and the culture/ work morale can be taxing.  Communication from the "trenches" seems to lose meaning as it gets pushed up to upper management ... like the telephone game.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is large which provides a lot of good opportunity and the focus on social responsibility is pretty inspiring. Communication pushed down from top is usually clear and consistent across organizations.

Cons: Deal with inefficiency, bureaucracy, people that wants to retire and not bringing new ideas or support. Due to the transition to the cloud prepare to deal with people that take credits for your ideas
Advice: Create a more inclusive multi-generation environment, avoiding impact on talent people during the transition to the cloud, invest on the new leaders and people that manage teams.
Pros: Work and collaborate with talent, innovative people globally. Be aware of the trends that are happening, participate on Interesting projects that are impacting the trends in the market.

Cons: Because it is such a large company, there are smaller groups that are lost in the shuffle because they are only a blip on the radar. As such resourcing and budgeting can be a big challenge.
Advice: The people matter and are what makes the company a good company. Without the people supporting processes, developing, and selling, the best product in the world will mean nothing.
Pros: Very good overall company. The executive board has a good plan and are executing against that plan. Benefits are good and compensation seems to be competitive with the local markets.

Cons: SAP is still trying to change itself into the Cloud Company powered by SAP HANA. As much as we'd like to be, were not a start up - by default, as we have more than 70k employees. Some older folks are still stuck in the "old way of doing things"
Advice: Embrace change. Focus on millennials. Be a champion for your employee's success. Support the people below you. Doing all these would be a recipe for success.
Pros: SAP is great company. Strong Vision with a compelling story to tell our customers. Hard-working, humble employees all around. Highly Recommend

Cons: The suite of offerings (both software and services) is very complex and seems to be in a constant state of change.  This makes it very difficult for a single individual to explain things to customers, and as a result, the account team becomes a small army of resources - each one specialized in one small niche of the overall solution.  Ask 10 different resources to define something as heavily marketed as HANA, and you are likely to get a good 7 or 8 entirely different responses.  

I'm always surprised when I read other people listing work/life balance as one of the "pros" of working at SAP.  I worked weekends and vacations just to keep up because of either unrealistic expectations or dealing with the added time required to work through the red tape that is required to do one's job.  Every vacation request was challenged by my manager even though I had earned the time off, and I painfully recollect times when I was staring out at the ocean from my hotel room while I was on a mandatory conference call.

Maybe it was just the team that I was on, but I found management to be aloof and clique-ish.  A lot of management by intimidation, and then those same managers wonder why you don't reach out to them more often.  The reality is that they (the managers) are under constant pressure and it all flows downstream.
Advice: Simplify the offerings, services and strategy so that people have a simple and concise story to tell their customers.  Be more approachable and mingle with your entire team as opposed to the 2-3 people that you clearly like more than everyone else.
Pros: ERP software still best in class; development comes up with some very innovative / solid solutions; great opportunity to work with highly intelligent and driven people

Cons: Large bureaucratic organization that is highly resistant to change despite increasing competitive pressures and cracks in customer loyalty (lock-in) SAP has relied on for decades.
Advice: Spend more time focusing externally on market dynamics and customer needs rather than bolstering traditional products and antiquated sales and product innovation operating models.
Pros: A leading brand in the tech industry with broad and truly global reach. Large installed base that has become dependent upon SAP for most of its infrastructure. Some savvy acquisitions in recent years give the company the potential to pivot to regain its fast-waning leadership in the tech space.

Cons: Outsourcing of technical support to Asia in a follow the sun mode, doesn't work.  Customers frustrated and angry with having to explain things 10 times.  Prices go up, but features not so much.  Want to be a SaaS company but too much old ERP baggage.  Upper middle management too worried about how they look and not treating people well.
Advice: None
Pros: Absolutely the best product for ERP on the market and HANA is the killer app.   Top leadership gifted and visionary and people work hard.

Cons: With any large company it takes time to get things done and making sure your project lives on can  be difficult. If you have strong collaboration skills though you can overcome most of these challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has been a great place to work. The offices are nice and the company provides many learning opportunities for its employees.  The company also has a great work life balance and there are numerous opportunities to move within the company. Leadership is also very transparent with the direction and strategy of the company.

Cons: I work on the client-facing delivery side and the work is intense. There is a lot of travel and to succeed at SAP you have to work hard. There isn't much work-life balance and you do have to work through a maze of complexity in order to do things (lots of steps, rules, etc). It's a good company but you have to learn how to navigate it.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very supportive of their employees - there are regular training opportunities and movement throughout the organization is encouraged. The pay is solid and they reward employees who work hard.

Cons: End of Year Reviews is not truly "pay for performance" but is instead "pay if your team mates didn't perform"
Advice: Give managers a little more wiggle room--current process forces managers with a team of all top performers to give 100% across the board even if the a team member went above and beyond. Some managers literally hire under-performers to reallocate the pool--which creates a more difficult work environment. Support managers who have all high performers!
Pros: Progression and Movement is achievable
Management wants to move in the right direction to achieve and sets high goals
Diversity focused
Fantastic cafeterias
Fantastic benefit offerings

Cons: Training budget has been drastically cut. We just to have a lot more training opportunities and budget for real class room training that allowed hands on experiences and NOT poor quality text reading materials that we get now .
Advice: Not to be racist, but the demographics at SAP has shifted tremendously to India and what we just to do, it is being done by 10 Indians instead of one of us. We still have some good resources in our American Universities that are from other countries.
Pros: Great benefits, health care, vacation, and cafeteria.

Cons: Recent leadership changes bring about minor changes in direction and focus, but the vision will be clear and motivating
Advice: None
Pros: Not only does this customer fully live and breath for its customers, but it also takes care of its employees. SAP is huge, with 100,000+ employees around the globe, yet you feel "in the know" and well taken care of.  Top three things for me: strong commitment to its customers, give you all the tools, resources and training you need to do your job and great benefits. Truly a world-class company.

Cons: Acquisition is a mess , you bring in the old companies strategies to the world of SAP with now preparations and minimal coaching and the higher manger expect changes right away!
Advice: Please make sure to check up Acquisition and try to melt in the new blood with old blood to reduce the factor of failure. SAP has not a brilliant history in managing acquisitions
Pros: Great benefits and employees networking is very helpful and all what you need is to ask for help from a colleague.

Cons: Too much talk and not enough action. Frequent change in direction. Frequent re-orgs. Management career very limited outside Germany. Control on everything almost exclusively in Germany and expect others to just be puppets.
Advice: If you consider yourself a global company then act like one. Don't be too German-centric and don't consider external sites such as US campuses a threat. You try to promote innovation but at the same time you stifle it just because it comes from outside Germany.
Pros: Compensation, work-life balance. Mobility of non-management staff - i.e. can move teams/orgs relatively easily.

Cons: Fast paced. Constantly changing and innovating. Internal and intra-company politics and squabbles. Workload can sometimes be challenging. Must reprioritize often.
Advice: Don't lose that entrepreneurial spirit as you expand and innovate. And keep in mind it's the people and the customers that made the company what it is today.
Pros: Strong and personable leadership. Strong product and company vision. Highly customer focused. Pace of innovation can make your head spin. We're working on the future today. If you can handle the pace, join us. Easy to move around if you are good at what you do.

Cons: Suffocation of acronyms to a point where people stop asking what they reference and the meaning behind the message; new employees are lost and veteran employees "should know" so neither dare ask the meaning of an acronym; it is the silent epidemic in the company
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing; get tough on poor managers so you continue to have strong leadership; stop the acronym nightmare.
Pros: Cutting edge services and systems; Supportive management; Great benefits; Fun team; no inter- or intra-team competitiveness; Clear direction of company; fantastic at promotions and career growth

Cons: Cliquey organizations
Lots of incapable leaders (all been at the company long enough to get a leadership title)
No room for growth (two hiring freezes in a row)
HR processes (wasn't paid for two months when I first started)
Advice: Start hiring more young people ASAP,  develop those young people and do some clean up with some of your leaders
Update your UI, there are competitors with better user experience design but no way they can catch you.
Pros: Work/life balance, benefits
Great office location

Cons: Nothing so far. Honestly. And I've worked in 3 other companies in my career / supported over 200 from a client perspective. This company is fantastic.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible company culture, work life balance, the job itself is great. Finally, a company TRULY focused on supporting your life and making the career a PART of that life, and not the other way around. I can't say enough positive things about this company. Everyone here at SAP Concur is trying to refer friends in. SAP - Don't change, you're doing great!

Cons: -Training: almost all training is done online now and everyone knows the quality and effectiveness of online training...  

-Lack of technical training: there are soooo many different types of customer support / enablement teams and no one has really any technical or functional knowledge of the products. 

-Work Life Balance in Consulting: It's great that the executives preach about work life balance, but everyone knows in consulting, that doesn't necessarily exist if you're working for a large, strategic customer with unrealistic timelines 

-Sales vs. Professional Services: conflicting KPIs within these orgs causes lots of headbutting and undercutting. I cant tell you how many times sales people have sold/promised something that doesn't exist without talking to product and then they just dump it on the consultants after the deal is signed and they get their comp. 

-Products:  lots of product shortcomings. It's extremely frustrating to be working on strategic accounts and implementing a product that has lots of room for improvement, but SAP has laid off product resources to hire more customer enablement people that sit around and blow smoke.
Advice: 1) Spend money on training your resources. I work directly with customers and I've never been trained on the product- I just pick things up as I go. I was also hired right out of college and I've never been properly trained on my role. I get thrown to the wolves on every project and it's extremely stressful, demoralizing, and demotivating.  Additionally, this is not a good look to our customers

2) Hire technical people that know how to fix the problems rather than a bunch of teams that want to know what's going on but offer no real support to you or the customer. Remember, you are a software company. Customers expect all of our products to deliver and if they don't, they want to partner with us to build what their industry needs. 

3) Tone down all the buzzwords like "upgrade to success" and "center of excellence". I don't have time to decode what these initiatives mean or what these teams do. Just be real and get done what needs to get done. Not everything needs to be so flashy.
Pros: -Benefits: 401k, great health insurance plans, employee stock plans

-Vacation days: been here for 3 years and i have 25 vacation days which is pretty decent.

-Work from Home: depends on the team, but it's very common here and most managers are very flex with this. 

-Opportunity for Growth: Lot's of opportunity for growth 

-Cool events: They throw some cool parties if you're near an office. Holiday parties and Summer Picnics are pretty fun and they really go all out with the events. They also bring in awesome guest speakers like Jill Biden, Elizabeth Smart, Jerry Greenfield, etc. and i really look forward to these

Cons: If you are employed in a customer facing position that provides support and configuration assistance, then you will consistently be required to do more with less, and will be viewed as a necessary evil. Managers regularly refuse to allow employees to advance out of their roles if they are seen of immediate value in their current role.
Advice: Allow career advancement for all employees.
Pros: The SuccessFactors product truly is amazing, customizable, and tightly integrated between modules. There are a host of talented and dedicated employees that are committed to the betterment of the customers and their goals.

Cons: - Heavily underpaid. As a software engineer, you will often make 30-50% below market, or in some cases even more than that. It also feels like SAP takes advantage of people who can't leave with their work visa, they don't have any bargain position. With extraordinary performance (when we still had ratings), I didn't even get the regular 4% that everyone else got, only after explicitly asking for it.
- SAPsv identity crisis: Pretty much every person I talk to at the Palo Alto location questions what SAP does in Silicon Valley
- Prepare to be stuck to your career level: When we still had performance reviews, I had "extraordinary performance" a couple of times in a row. Now with SAP talk things became very wishy washy. I still get good feedback, but haven't seen any action or tangible output. My manager keeps pushing things out to "next year". Not the manager's fault though. Also, the curriculums I am interested in that would help me advance are unavailable in the bay area, even though my manager supports me in participating.
- Processes - Software engineering it a hell at SAP. We have to use a lot of proprietary tools that don't even get the job done, simply because some process owners in Germany have too much power. Our team in particular wastes 30% of our resources to fit their engineering processes/tools and still build our own stuff in order to get the job done
Advice: - Give us more valuable work in Silicon Valley that fits Silicon Valley
- Make SAPsv a "research", "startup" and "partnership" location primarily
- Prevent good people from leaving
- Pay better salaries to people who perform well
Pros: - Friendly atmosphere, colleagues
- Empowered to make my own decisions
- They do a good job of hiring young talent, excellent internship programs

Cons: Being a remote employee has its disadvantages, at times you don’t feel a part of a team or the many activities they hold at corporate offices. Invites are never made to local offices, even to holiday parties or outings. Work hours can be long when issues arise and it’s expected you work, even on weekends and especially on release weekends. Career advancement is very difficult to achieve unless you personally know someone, opportunities are not always given based on qualifications and the internal job posting process is not consistent. I personally applied for over 12 internal positions I was highly qualified for over the last 2 years and was not offered 1 position. No feedback from recruiters or hiring managers. Continued job education is hard to achieve due to time constraints during work hours but with so many products that are supported it is a must to keep up with products and changes.
Advice: Career advancement should be more achievable and dies not always mean someone wants to move into a mangement role. Too many internal re-orgs happen on a frequent basis, in 5 1/2 years I have had over 10 managers, all the while in the same role, this is very difficult as not all mangers speak with each other and performance wise you have to start back to square 1 and again your career advancement discussions start all over again. This makes it very difficult to achieve personal career paths.  

Real life example: recent re-org change I was in a role for over a year. Due to a reorganization they advised everyone in that role had to reapply for that role and or other roles. Since I had already been doing that role I reapplied, interviewed internally and then was advised I was not being offered the role as others were more qualified (even though I was already in that role and doing the job for over a year)  come to find out 2 people offered the role we’re not in the role previously as I had been, so decisions are not always made that are fair and correct. There is room for improvement with internal hiring processes.
Pros: I’m a remote employee and I love it, this was on of reasons I accepted my offer from SAP 5 1/2 years ago. Individual contributors have opportunity for annual bonuses based on performance as well as targets determined by several business factors. Each annual bonus I have received are amazing and never disappoint! SAP really cares about their customers success and drives this throughout the organization.

Cons: 1.  Sometime, feel like too much process driven
2.  Should make all their teams work more closely.
Advice: Stop doing too frequent org changes.
Pros: 1. Have clear clear vision on future and takes necessary steps to realize their dreams under the leadership of Mr. Bill McDermott.
2. Takes care of employees very well, which inturn leads to excellent work-life balance.
3. Have great offices with excellent world class facilities
4.  Unlimited learning and growth opportunities (learning new technology is never   stopped in this company)
5. Opendoor policy, which allows people to speak openly about the issues and problems.

Cons: 1.Risky proposition for H1B holders and Green card aspirants- they will say they will process, but it will not go all the way to the end. Even SAP employees in senior roles with 10+ years in the company have had to exit USA due to visa issues.

2.Like in the case with many European companies, the important/exiting/value adding work is done in their European HQ (Germany for SAP). So, folks in USA, India etc are only given tasks that they don't really care about, as it is not important.

3.SAP has a large workforce, but leadership is lacking and is poorly managed as the ratio between leaders and 'worker-bees' is bad. For eg, if a Sr. person in leadership role is good, he/she will have 50 or more direct reports and responsibility to manage 2-3 acquired companies for that department. So, due to this overburden, he/she will not be able to perform upto his ability. In other words, 'good guys' cannot perform due to over-burden and 'bad guys' cannot perform, as don't have the skills and experience.
Advice: 1.Drive Accountability at an individual level - allocate areas of responsibility for each person and set quarterly goals. This is key to retaining good talent.
2.Don't let managers and above 'shut off their engines' and go into hibernation for months together!!
3.Too many 'spectator meetings'!! - completely irrelevant meetings where we need to listen in mute mode (like a spectator in a Tennis match) to the leader giving a speech. 
4. Meetings at SAP are like 'housewives chatting for time-pass' - with no objective before the meeting and no conclusion/follow-up after the meeting!! Moreover, due to lack of Accountability, it is very difficult to identify the right manager/director in the meeting to take things ahead.
5.Focus on retaining the existing good talent (by improving on the pain points) before hiring again. Good talent will not stick around in such an environment for sure.
Pros: 1. Very stable company financially - unlike most startups and smaller IT companies, SAP has been profitable for decades - this translates to 'no financial pinch' for employees.
2. Highly unlikely for SAP employees to be laid off or furloughed due to Covid-19 or any other crisis.
3. Highly unlikely to be fired for non-performance or poor performance. But like any major company, they will do a major reorg every 5 years and at that time, even good performers will loose their job.

Cons: While SAP as a company offers great benefits, the problem is within the Product Support division.  People who may apply for Support engineering role should look elsewhere due to the reasons below.

In Product Support there are two main tasks (i.e. could be inhumane too), that is so tough that it requires you or forces you to work nights and weekends.

I) First task: Man the Expert Chat Channel.  Why is this so tough? First there is not a lot of people who may help here (or it adds a lot more work to your daily requirements). If you somehow walk away to go to the bathroom or you are helping other customers online, there would be a flag or an alarm to management that there is nobody manning the chat (Or you are not manning the chat).  This makes employees start to feel anxious to the point that SAP Product Support becomes a very stressful environment (i.e. unhealthy). 

- If going to the bathroom gives an employee stress then this is simply a requirement that is inhumane (HR issue)
- This makes employees very stress to the point that they may quit the company (which happens a lot in SAP)
- Turn over is pretty big
- This task also adds to the overwhelming number of requirements that the support engineer needs to do daily
- This is also going to be recorded in a report that is available to management - how long did you logon to Chat?  They can use this number against you.

For example: If the support engineer needs to help 5 different customers daily with their issues technically that may last 1 to 2 hours each (in a web session call or deep dive session), this chat (i.e. you may get between 1 to 3+ per day) will add another 30 min to 2 hours each on top of the already scheduled 5 customers (10+ hours).  This will either push other important customers aside for the next day (lower customer satisfaction) or would make the support engineer work beyond normal working hours to fulfill the requirement.  SAP is wondering why they are not getting high scores in Customer Satisfaction, it could be that the process they placed could be stressing their employees to be the best they could be.

If you do this daily, you would have tired and highly stressed support engineers which will then be burned out. This may show up in our customer satisfaction results as your engineers are not fully rested and can only give 5 minutes to each new customers (i.e. ping pong effect).

 II) Second Task: You are also required to work nights and weekends (Saturday and Sunday).  This is one of the hardest one that is given to any support engineer.  Yes they may ask you to take some other days off or may even give you money but it also takes away the most important thing a person needs and that is time with family and time to recharge oneself.  We can argue that the chat + weekend support makes an engineers life hard.  Wait til you miss a call or work during the weekend, this is where you would feel what hell is like at work.

These 2 tasks from product support is one of the most challenging thing to swallow (your mindset needs to be a zombie).  If given the opportunity to work for another company or division in SAP that do not have these requirement, I would say sign me up immediately!

Last issue is as soon as you get to a particular level, there is no more growth.  You have maxed out.  Your contained within your level per budget limitation.  

If you can work in SAP in another division, that is good. Within Product Support, it is tough.
Advice: Proposal:

1) To help alleviate the work overtime due to the two issues:

a) For support have a specific role (or hire a role) that would be called: Emergency weekend and holiday technical response team.  They work Saturday to Wednesday or Wednesday to Sunday regularly (+ Holidays). That is part of the job requirement. So people looking to work on the weekends due to they have family obligations (like taking care of their kid on weekdays), can apply or open it up to Interns who have schooling on the weekdays.

b) For Expert Chat, have a role that only specializes in Expert Chat and SAP online community without the need to handle incident handling while people working on incident handling can free up the time to work on the real incidents instead of pushing other customer incidents aside.  This would help strengthen another lackluster part of SAP Product Support  that is highly missing as stated by our SAP mentors (i.e. missing online community). Even the past CEO Bill McDermott said he would do something about it however, it is still missing up to this point (Product Support still needs to improve here).

These 2 suggestions will help alleviate the stress attained by your support engineers.  Without some alleviation, the behaviors of your team will simply look to find a job elsewhere then you would lose your skill sets or trusted advisors for others to attain.

Without the 2 issues in Cons or if the proposal to management on how to alleviate and improve our chat/online channel is done, I would mark this review as 5 stars instead.
Pros: SAP in General is a good company with wonderful benefits. It gives the employees room to grow and gives them wonderful extra time to help your family cope with any troubles in life. SAP also tries to fulfill best in employment salary and bonus structures.

Cons: Hard to go up the ranks, political environment from VP-level and up.
Very complex organization that is perpetually changing due to periodic reorgs.  You need to be a very flexible person who adapts to change quickly.
Advice: Increase meritocracy, look outside of your close circle for talent.
Pros: Truly international, global organization where you can interact with people from all continents in a given day.
Ownership and flexibility  - most people work from home office
Company has lots of resources and small ideas can become big very rapidly if you manage to set the wheels in movement.

Cons: still a lot of legacy code that can be difficult to maintain. Sometimes the smaller offices do not abide by a few of the more generous policies the parent company has in place. sometimes the operations team in the datacenters is not very responsive, making it difficult to resolve live customer issues.
Advice: continue the push to the cloud, give the developers better access to the operations team in the data centers to help resolve issues more quickly.
Pros: Changing technologies, dedication to continuing education through company class offerings and external resources, stable established company with an eye towards the future.

Cons: A lot of where you can go depends on who you know.  Highly matrixed organizational structure means you need to learn how decisions are made and where people are that can help you.  Silos exist based on management objective bonus structure, which doesn't always lead to the "best" decision for the business.
Advice: Improve decision making at lower level by tying more to corporate objectives versus silo objectives.
Pros: Strong business, financially sound, with great career opportunities for growth.  Multinational with many markets/industries/solutions.  Excellent "high potential" program to nurture top talent.

Cons: It is a large company, that works with other large organizations so there will be complexity.
Needs a little more marketing to let other companies know we are more than just ERP.
Advice: Keep caring about the employees, the rest will fall into place.
Pros: One of the smartest group of people I've ever worked with.
SAP really does care about myself as an employee and where I'd like for my career to go.
They are re-inventing themselves so they can help companies run better for years to come.
Decent work / life balance.
Compensation is above average for my field

Cons: Lots of gossip, egotistical and cady decision making, rather than what is best for business/program/project.  I got the role right out of college and there was very little guidance, and at many times I wondered what value the company was getting out of my work.
Advice: There are some great minds and people at SAP Silicon Valley, and there are some that absolutely should not be managing people.
Pros: Great benefits, good amenities like free lunch, snacks, coffee, refreshments, flexible work hours.

Cons: I work on an SAP product that is a latest technology/leading software. My previous role did not provide me the same level of satisfaction.
Advice: Keep motivating talented individuals
Pros: Opportunity to work at a major company with great reputation
Lots of work goes into innovation, process and product improvement
Great benefits, top in the industry.
Company is very focused on personal growth and development
Excellent team members, very smart colleagues to work with.
Opportunities are in plenty to train internally and move within the company.
For highly motivated and ambitious professionals, this is the place to be.
Flexible work timing options available

Cons: 1) Frequent reorgs drive long periods of uncertainty for many employees and frequent strategy changes
2) Some products get "forgotten" about within the large portfolio of products
3) Frequent religious debates over technology &amp; platform
Advice: Seek stable, committed leadership (3-5 year terms) at each level of the organization, not just the CEO and Board
Pros: 1) Possibility to have an impact on the world's biggest companies
2) Strong values / high ratio of people who want to do the right thing
3) Strong respect for work life balance

Cons: SAP is the global leader in Enterprise Software.  As such, it is a very faced paced technology company operating on a global scale.  It can sometimes be stressful to keep up with the pace of change.
Advice: Continue your focus on  employee support and diversification.
Pros: SAP views employees as their greatest asset and they go out of their way to support you.  This goes beyond the investment in training to make you productive.  They also have programs for your health and well-being.

Cons: No cons really. You have to work hard and take initiative but that's with all companies and all jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been working at SAP for about 3 years and this is a spectacular company. Upper management is very involved in your career growth and it is a very collaborative work environment. The company take care of your learning and development and every single person I have worked with has been amazing. They also pay a competitive salary. Also, the work life balance is incredible for it being a technical software company.

Cons: -  It isn't always a walk in the park so if you aren't committed to hard work, you'll struggle
Advice: Keep up the open communication especially when there are changes happening at the top.
Pros: - Flexibility - there is a true focus on work / life balance (we work hard but play hard too)
- Employees are encouraged to be creative in their  role - - innovative minds will love it here
- Honest approach to business - - employees do the right thing for the good of the client and company

Cons: Trending in the right direction, and has made great strides in D&amp;I... but we need a more diverse board.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredibly competitive salary and benefits package.   You work alongside some of the best in the business day in and day out.   You'll work your tail off, but the company really does try and push work-life balance.  Great vacation time, work from home options, and commitment to time off is seen from the Executive Board on down.  Love being a part of this culture and company.

Cons: It is very hard to switch careers and move upwards in the company. The competition is fierce for new jobs.
Advice: It is frustrating to find out when you apply to a new job that the hiring manager already had a candidate in mind prior to the posting. I wish there was a way to tell this before taking time to update your resume and writing a cover letter for the position.
Pros: This is a really good company that understands how to offer employees a job while maintaining a really good work-life balance.

Cons: - The South Market Unit. I would avoid working in this MU as a sales rep if possible unless you are close friends with the leadership team. They move accounts around every January regardless of pipeline and gift deals that are set to close to the people they like. Very hard to grow a patch or relationships in your accounts unless you are in the inner circle.
Advice: - look deeper into how south runs their business
Pros: - Pay 
- lots of different product offerings 
- ability to move internally

Cons: In some cases SAP tends to be german oriented and gemans get a better chance for promotions. This has started to change. 

In some cases it take time to make changes
Advice: - early and open communication
- involve management team in decision making
Pros: SAP is a global company with great opportunities to work in other places. 
The environment is casual
Life balance is good and you can work from home if your position allows for it. 
Often flat hierarchy and it is OK to talk to all different levels.

Cons: Throw you under the bus mentality. Encourage you to always ask questions and seek help yet no one is available to help. They throw you in front of clients and hope you stay afloat.
Advice: Clearly define role in interview process. So much focus was on relationship management with clients while technical strengths were downplayed. Teams are way too busy to appropriately train new hires.
Pros: Good people, profitable organization, good technology

Cons: difficult to determine how your job function should be compensated unless you are ina sales oriented role.  What your street value is once you are internal is a problem.
Advice: I think the management is very authentic, proactive and always tries to do the right thing.  I think they should be proud of what exists here.
Pros: great working culture, fast paced, thought provoking colleagues, great customer base who are fun to work with, benefits are thorough, company operates with very high level of authenticity and integrity in my opinion

Cons: Company got too big. Lots of churn after the SAP acquisition. Upward mobility via old boy network. Many of the talented leaders and workers were not retained.  Poor communication throughout, with lots of ineffective middle management.  Support services outsourced to India and Ireland; where those teams did not understand newly acquired or created products.
Advice: Sort out the support quagmire, spend more time and money training and enabling your support teams.
Pros: Excellent benefits, good salary and compensation.  There were and still are many hardworking folks in non-management positions.  Work life balance good.

Cons: -My local in-house bosses didn't really interact with with me. I had more interactions with my boss in Germany.
-Stuck all of the co-ops in the basement and didn't get much exposure to the overall work life at SAP
-If you aren't an early bird than SAP isn't for you. I had a couple of early meeting at 5-6 in the morning
Advice: None
Pros: -Complex and interesting projects, there wasn't much busy work given
-Working on large scale projects, allowed me to meet a lot of great people
-Management and senior developers guided me throughout all of my development project

Cons: Room for advancement up the ladder feels limited.  Can feel German centric at times.
Advice: Make sure there are no divides between Germany and the U.S.  We should always feel like 1 company, 1 family.
Pros: Work life balance is the culture.  Pay is based on merit.  Internal opportunities for variety of roles and opportunity to move internally.  Compensation is high and benefits are good.  Lots of vacation time.  No expectation to work outside of normal hours.  Teams feel more like family, great culture.

Cons: I've been here 14 years (almost 3x as long as any of my other 5 jobs) so there haven't been many.  There are the occasional folks who don't embrace the "win together" culture, but they typically don't last that long.
Advice: Keep it up.  I love the fact that we're doubling down on customer success and our focus on driving customer business outcomes.
Pros: Collaborative culture, strong customer orientation, great solutions, fast-moving environment, opportunity to grow and a genuine focus on making our customers run better and improving people's lives.

Cons: We are in a very competitive market-space; unfortunately it is too easy for companies to view our age and stability as a negative in an era when start-ups seem so attractive.
Advice: What a phenomenal CEO we have. Keep rallying around Bill's vision, drive and determination!
Pros: This company has what 99% of what employees would want: great company vision, engaged co-workers, products and services that improve people's lives, growing and profitable company, excellent benefits, amazing culture,  meaningful work and an environment where you are trusted to bring your best everyday.

Cons: Compensations can be increased a little bit for the talents. Specially in NA region. Increment is limited and very minor difference of increment between the best talent and ordinary employee.
Advice: Review the compensation for the best talent. Though management is very supportive and provide all the support needed specially for the best talents but there is nothing much they can do in compensation because of limited budget.
Pros: Work life balance is very good. You have flexibility to choose when to work, when take leaves etc. You can choose what best work for you.

Cons: not a lot of light on North American leadership in recent years and company culture has suffered in the States. 

this is not true for all but there is a lack of support for some products internally and probably due to the complexity that we've created in our landscape.
Advice: Lacking leadership in North America. Covid has not provided any transparency and culture is suffering, people are leaving.
Pros: opportunity to work with amazing and talented people 

work with a variety of customers in every industry - keeps things fun and interesting

Cons: Being a very large firm, its easy to stagnate if you are not focused on career development.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: There are lots of teams doing very diverse things. Some teams are doing really cutting edge work while some are doing old fashioned maintenance type work. There are plenty of opportunities for career development if you take the initiative. The culture and benefits are good. Good vacation policy. Flex work schedule is also beneficial. Leadership is good and focused on company growth and also employee development.

Cons: Overly complex organization, Board Area silos... but with a new CEO and some non-Germans on the Board, there are signs of possible improvement.
Advice: The new Purpose & Values sound great; please do a lot to let people know they are real!
Pros: If you don't mind working hard, and enjoy the challenges of a global culture [was heavily German, but shifting], SAP is a great place to work.  It takes some networking, and you need to be proactive, but there are great opportunities here if you are willing to seek them.

Cons: Large complex organizations.  Sometime difficult to understand who "owns" an issue and is responsible to solve.  Political organization, particularly in regards to development vs others.  Very impatient organization in terms of sales.
Advice: Address politics that exists between sales, development, and others.  Address internal and external perception that its still "Germans" that really run the company.
Pros: Very smart people working there. Strong enterprise market/solution coverage.  Large development budgets.  Great employee benefits (health, etc.). Well known in the industry.

Cons: Career track is not well defined, no clear path to advancement or a strategy for career change timing or movement.  All staffing reduction that were done were not done with employees success or company strategy in mind.  Too management heavy.
Advice: Focus on growth outside of Europe, manage globally not with European worker council rules as primary factor.  Develop a employee development strategy that encourages job change a skill development.
Pros: Good pay, great benefits, work life balance is fantastic, strategy is solid, management is engaged and inciteful, workforce is intelligent and resourceful.

Cons: Communication:  You don’t know of changes before they are put in effect. Communication with managers is terrible. It is never an open forum. When you bring up examples of something – they will ask ‘who said that’ or ask for specific names. So there’s a lot of finger pointing and blaming. The lack of communication is comical at times. Every bit of information I learned about when people are being hired, when people are moving to other departments, any changes at all has been from a colleague. Sounds like a rumor mill because it is. And it isn't that they are waiting to finalize things, we just never hear anything from management. Silence.

Role/Promotions: Roles work in whatever way allows management to favor who they want while not paying people for the work they do. Promotions are based on an arbitrary and subjective list of attributes of the employee, but even if you “check all the boxes” promotions are seemingly only possible once a year so be prepared to be told month after month that you will be promoted in the coming months until an entire year goes by.  Moving from help desk to PMO support should be a title change – its’ different work, more difficult, deserving of a pay change. It is incredibly frustrating doing the exact same work as a colleague but knowing they have a different title and are being paid more for their work. If the managers really love you, (meaning that you have completely bought into their terrible management style and decided to take on that approach), they might create a role just for you and never actually hold interviews or make public that a new role has been created. The favoritism is out of control. They have also invented new roles, basically getting people to do the managements dirty work, and asked application specialists and analysts to take it on. Again, no title change and no raise. Just way more work and responsibility. Skill and experience are not rewarded here. Ever. When other people responded negatively to this new role, management repeatedly claimed it was what we had asked for in a survey given out. In reality, we had asked that our managers be more available. They basically did the opposite by putting more people between us and them. 

Gaslighting:  Management blames productivity on the people left in a department that is clearly understaffed and often employs gaslighting to get their employees to comply. 
If you messed up and have an understaffed department don't make your employees feel like they are to blame for not doing enough. They are always working hard. How about thanking them in a genuine way? Maybe even apologizing when management messes up? Do you really want to be a manager using a tactic for psychological abuse on your employees? Probably not.

Management Style (or lack thereof): When starting, there is a sink or swim attitude. If you don’t pick it up on your own and exceed without any help, then you fail. There are hardly any resources for anyone who is failing besides being reprimanded. Their attempts at improving morale are embarrassing and as soon as they see any major issues going away they return to their same ways, which have proven time and again to be very very bad. They operate on a 'putting out fires' mentality. There is no forward thinking, no planning ahead. Management has made it seem like they don’t have time for meetings. And then they get mad when their employees don’t go to them with concerns or struggles. If you make yourself unapproachable and continually have a bad attitude, you cannot expect people to go out of their way to seek guidance from you.  Management loves to ask rhetorical questions in meetings. It is a way to belittle staff. The relationship between manager/ employee is not professional.

Shifts: Management did not make it enough of a priority to inform applicants of the possible shifts they will work. Instead, they make vague statements when asked if we will work a typical work week. Honesty isn't really their thing. Instead, they lie and then treat their employees like children who weren't listening when they explained how it all works. If you end up with a “swing shift” you are treated as though that assignment was a deserved punishment that you need to earn your way from in order to get a day shift. People who started at the same time as you will have your desired shift from the start, not having earned it in any capacity. 

Sexism: It was difficult to imagine my career growing within the support department because management was almost entirely made up of men.  Any efforts made to provide opportunities for socializing and bonding within the department were based around male-dominated interests and activities such as shooting and fantasy sports leagues. There was no effort to come up with activities that would be inclusive of all interests or at least have a variety of activities covering many interests. Outside of support, men in higher up positions continuously creep on younger women. The environment of the company allows them to keep doing it.
Advice: If you want to know how to improve our department, ask your employees, and here is the key, DON'T shoot them down. They are the experts of their day to day. They know it better than you so maybe give them some more credit and hear them out. Management can’t listen to feedback because they are always on the defense. Stop allowing news to travel through the grapevine. It is unprofessional. 

Take some management courses - you don't know what you are doing at all and the first step is acknowledging the need for professional development opportunities for management to improve.
Pros: Free snacks, happy hour, new office building.

Cons: Well, it's a huge corporation, so any of the inherent cons with those apply here. And I wish they offered a tuition savings program for parents of college-bound kids.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and competitive salary. A company culture that promotes and values diversity of all kinds. Smart colleagues. Lots of opportunity for development and advancement. Lots of volunteering and service opportunities as well. And free lunch for all employees! Most importantly, unlike other large corporations, SAP doesn't have the mindset of squeezing out every drop from you while constantly threatening layoffs.

Cons: Some managers and employees are very cliquey
120% effort expected all the time
They review on a curve, so someone always has to come out unsatisfactory
Advice: If people are good at their job and don't want to advance, let them do their job!
Create advancement paths for people who are good at what they do, but don't want to manage or lead.
Work-life balance could be better. Not everyone want work to be their whole life.
Pros: Very interesting work
Some really great people and managers

Cons: Marketing has gone through many changes and contrary to overall company trajectory, marketing has trended in the opposite direction. Global Marketing does not have that much span in the latest iteration and Business Unit marketing teams are duplicating efforts.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has managed to stay ahead of the curve and grow despite it's size, new and entrenched competitors,  and the movement of it's core products to SaaS.  The company is well run and there are very few companies on the planet that can sell Enterprise Software like SAP does.

Cons: So much focus if placed on early talent. This makes sense for the business but can make other committed people feel less valued.
Advice: Keep empowering people with accountability.
Pros: I over 30 years of working my last five working here have been the best. I have had leaders that empower me to do my job then leave me to do it and don’t micromanage. The pay is great but kore importantly, they are big on recognition and allowing you to drive your career. Great place for diversity.

Cons: A fare manager will make every day work enjoyable and increase productivity. A bad manager will only think about his/her own promotion and not care about team. This will be the same for all companies. Good part is SAP allow employee to transfer to other department  or team if not happy in a team, or if find other work more interesting to do.
Advice: Treat team members fare.
Pros: Lunch free, paid education, work life balance

Cons: Because SAP values individuality and it's such a large company - it's tough to find set rules/process/procedure to abide by. Navigating the complexities can be quite bumpy.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: This company is honest, communicative, invests in its people, and puts their money where their mouth is. I have been a working professional for over a decade at various companies - large, small, start up, corporate. Never have I felt and observed such genuine respect for the working people. 

Just like many here, I don't see myself ever leaving.

Cons: Saddled with 40+ years of what is now technical debt that they don't want to deal with.
Large portions of the workforce are unwilling (and cannot be compelled) to learn new skills or technologies
Management is more concerned with people getting along and making their numbers than actually making strategic decisions.
Below average pay in the U.S. (even though the Germans think U.S. employees are paid too much)
Advice: Move headquarters to the U.S. and act like a tech company.  Don't be afraid to make big decisions, even if that has implications on the workforce.  Provide opportunities for your employees to learn new technical skills and incentivize them to do so.
Pros: Good work/life balance
A few really smart people with great ideas

Cons: This review has been removed from this site in order to comply with local content regulations.
Advice: This review has been removed from this site in order to comply with local content regulations.
Pros: This review has been removed from this site in order to comply with local content regulations.

Cons: There never seems to be an 'off' button, and it feels this way especially since COVID came around. I've never felt more stressed out to hit a number or micro-managed in my many, many years of sales. It's one thing to understand and adjust to what the business needs, but even when new objectives are communicated, there still seems to be a lack of alignment with our direct selling counterparts (a majority that I've met are outside hires that don't fully understand what Market Development's purpose within Concur is.)

After working with past Concur employees and hearing what it used to be like, I feared that MD still honed the fraternity/ good ole boys club atmosphere. While it certainly appears to have improved, that aura still lingers above us and it can be felt on a daily basis. Management does everything they can to support 'under'performers, however many peers aren't as generous. I've seen a couple people leave because of that lack of camaraderie or inclusion. This job isn't easy by any means but these conditions make it a lot harder, and I can understand why there appears to be a faster revolving door here compared to other SaaS inside sales orgs.
Advice: No surveys should ask for a name, ever. The world today is so different and the fear of providing honest feedback while having your name tied to it is very real. 

Onboarding was and still is incredible. I know a lot of work has been done for SWAT when starting, especially with the larger classes, to create equal opportunity when it comes time for the promotion to OB. Keep that up.
Pros: Entire organization is very interactive and (mostly) inclusive. I've never known a sales organization to have dedicated sales coaches and program managers specifically for market/sales/business development type roles, and that type of support goes a long ways. The highest achievers are team players and are always willing/able to share what's working well for them, both on a personal basis and on large group calls. Majority of management has done this role before, which you don't see too often. If they hadn't, they listen to their employees to understand exactly what we do, and go out of their way to constructively coach.

Being backed by the SAP name is very powerful, but Concur still has its own culture. That feeling of independence goes a long way.

Cons: If you are an U.S. employee and not a citizen, rely on visas to legally work, it's really difficult to grow here since lot of hiring managers do not want to deal with the administrative overhead of handling visas and the process, you will not be able to move within the company as freely as a citizen would. This limits your growth potential.

If you want to gain global exposure or want to move to different country to continue your growth to avoid the constant anxiety around U.S. visa process, you have to deal with the global mobility bureacracies, COVID has made the already difficult international transfers impossible, it requires board level approval to move between countries, SAP touts the run simple mantra, there's one for running simple. If nobody but board could take decisions on an international transfer, you can understand how bureacratic the processes are here.

Diversity - If you look up the L1, L2 and L3 leaders in SAP, you can figure out how much diversity is respected in senior leadership, it's only at individual contributor level and gender diversity at leadership level, you should start empowering people from different ethnic groups.
Advice: Simplify global mobility process, pandemic has proven that you can operate from anywhere in the world. For some trapped in the U.S. visa processes, it may be a huge relief to travel to another country like Canada, U.K or Singapore which offers similar standard of living without cliping your wings.

Focus on offering executive and senior leadership opportunities to people from different groups, especially in North America, regardless of the tenture, you hit a ceiling after you reach L4 leadership.

If S/4 HANA is the future, please make it apparent and cross-train people with other technology backgrounds in S/4 HANA, messaging is as clear as mud on the future direction for employees.
Pros: Great work life balance, everybody tries to make sure employees are happy though leaders are limited by the framework on what they can reward to employees.

 Leadership survey process makes sure employees are taken care of and their needs are fullfilled. 

Performance based stock awards, medical benefits, time away from work, paternity and maternity leaves (almost 12 weeks plus)

You are mostly rewarded based on performance and at times based on relationships

Cons: - Middle management is often seen in panic mode and is in-competent, lack simple decision making abilities. I have seen small decisions move around from Org's CTO team , to Product team, to Engineering team  and feels like people either lack in power to say yes/No or are simply incompetent to run business. And I work in a team which interacts with almost all business units, I have seen this problem all across SAP.
- SAP pays very very less compared to other companies in bay area. Salaries in SF region are comparatively higher, thats a known fact, but even compared to the competition and their partners in Palo Alto/ South Bay. SAP pays 30-40% lesser than Google, Facebook, Netflix, Apple, even lesser their immediate neighbors, VMWare.
- Another big cons, lot of promotions happen in the T4 level, while people in T2 and T3 are struggling to prove their worth to their managers. I have seen very worthy people denied of promotion, while their middle management takes credit the work climbing up the ladder very quickly.

For all these reasons , I have seen very smart people frustrated and looking out for opportunities outside every now and then.
Advice: This advice is for the middle management only, especially T4s and probably T5 L1s. 
- Value your team and strengths of people who are making you successful. 
- Lead them to success. Be a leader rather than a manager who is just worried about meeting project deadlines.
- Promote the people who deserve credits for their yearly hard work and let them take extra responsibilities and move further in their career. 
- Do not make fake promises on next year,  you will be risking to loose lot of good talent to your competitors.
Pros: - Company knows where its going. Yearly business goals are very clear and to the point. Main focus is on the integration between multiple business units and their products
- SAP Products are awesome and stand up to their vision to run the world better 
- Diverse culture, lot of wonderful people
- Opinions are valued and respected.

Cons: Right now, the SAP I love looks very different. From my perspective, global leadership's attitude has been essentially, "Shut up and do what I say." They don't understand or care about how our internal processes work. They've forced us to roll out solutions that aren't ready for customers, or solutions that customers don't even want. In order to meet their deadlines, we have to implement complex manual workarounds to get the job halfway finished. To be fair to current global leadership, SAP's processes were complicated before. Unfortunately, selling has always been the primary goal. We have a poor track record of actually delivering quality service. But the current pressures we're facing are making things worse. Add all of the COVID complications, and now you have a place that really isn't fun to work.

Though SAP's pledge of inclusion is admirable, it is not always practiced. Hiring practices can be elitist. To be frank, leadership is primarily white men and high caste Indian men. Our current Board is all white, mostly German, and only has one woman (there will be two when 2021 starts). Our first female Co-CEO—a loyal, beloved member of SAP—"parted ways" with the company less than a year after she was appointed. 

Overall, I am disappointed in the current state of the company. I think it has potential to be a great company, but not with the current people in charge. 

If you want to make the company a better place to work, then please join us. If you're just looking for a job, I recommend looking elsewhere.
Advice: Learn how the business actually works, acknowledge the broken processes, and empower employees to fix them. They know what's broken. They deal with it every day. Don't create new "better" processes. They only add more processes to our other processes. Make sure your employees aren't afraid to tell you the truth.

Get rid of commission-heavy sales compensation. Foster AEs who are committed to SAP rather than their personal bank accounts. Customer success will follow.

Practice true diversity. Consider gender, sexual orientation, race, military service, and socioeconomic background. 

Make us proud.
Pros: SAP North America's benefits are slightly above average for a company of its size. They have pretty standard dental, medical, vision, 401k, parental leave, and PTO. One perk is unlimited sick days. Their employee equity plan has relatively no strings attached. The one downside is that they partner with an obscure company out of the UK. Customer service is poor, and their investor portal has a lackluster UI.

The people are nice, and everyone is well-adjusted to remote work. They don't mind kids or dogs in the background of virtual meetings. A perk (at least for me) is that SAP does not require video during virtual meetings. There's sort of an unspoken rule not to use video. I personally enjoy it. I can dress comfortably, and I'm not distracted about how I look on camera.

North American leadership is very community minded. When tragedy strikes, they respond. They've created relief programs for natural disaster victims. After George Floyd was killed, they hosted multiple All Hands sessions and diversity education sessions. They testified in front of Congress. Even now that Black Lives Matter isn't making headlines, they continue to promote minority causes and small businesses. They are not afraid to "get political." One of SAP's core values is inclusion, and North American leadership works hard to foster that. SAP in principle is a progressive, equal opportunity employer. For example, they had training about non-binary individuals before it became "mainstream." They also have an Autism at Work program.

It's very possible that you'll work with people who are all over the world. It can be very rewarding (and something to brag about).

The North American offices are LEED certified, which means they pass stringent environmental standards.

Cons: It is a massive organization with allot of history. That’s both good &amp; bad. The good part of it is that there are allot of opportunities to move around in the organization, if you are not happy in your current role. The negative part of this is that, it took me 4 years to begin to understand how the organization is structured &amp; how to navigate in it.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Balance, pay &amp; benefits are amazing. My manager &amp; teammates are also amazing. Overall it's a great company to work for.

Cons: Global Management decisions have been affecting the moral and quality of work by moving jobs overseas and eliminating jobs in the USA.  Their mindset is "cost savings" and "run simple".  The past 4 years has been hit the hardest with layoffs across all areas of the company.  
This is the biggest disappointment for someone like me who has been committed for 9 years and was recently notified their job was eliminated.
Advice: None
Pros: some areas of the business are flexible as they offer virtual opportunities

Cons: Overly process oriented, and the processes are very difficult to follow.  Rules for everything and not flexible.  Even even the rules are killing your business they do not provide middle (or in many cases upper) management the ability to fix things.
Advice: Empower middle management to make decisions.  Make processes much easier to follow.  The processes are crippling, and the amount of money spent just to cut through red tape is so expensive it is ridiculous.
Pros: They provide good pay and have excellent benefits. They provide opportunities for training to keep you up on latest technologies.

Cons: Throw you under the bus mentality. Encourage you to always ask questions and seek help yet no one is available to help. They throw you in front of clients and hope you stay afloat.
Advice: Clearly define role in interview process. So much focus was on relationship management with clients while technical strengths were downplayed. Teams are way too busy to appropriately train new hires.
Pros: Good people, profitable organization, good technology

Cons: Its a big company and some changes take a long time if they come at all.
Advice: SAP values its employees, preserve this aspect of the company.
Pros: Benefits package is very good, particularly vacation accrual. The company treats you like an adult, with very flexible remote working arrangements. I needed to start work early in order to meet with colleagues from Germany, and was able to shift my work hours and work 50% from home.

Cons: Sometimes confusing on what we should be selling, and who is doing the selling, and do sales override customer satisfaction.   If you get put under a poor VP it can end your career, after being a key performer for many years.
Advice: Vet out the bad managers earlier.  Look at the upward job reviews.
Pros: Great inclusive environment and great passion from the CEO.   Lots of resources to progress and grow.   You are in charge of your own future in a big way.

Cons: Not many "cons" working at SAP.  It is large and sometimes can be a challenge to navigate but the company has excellent communications and resources.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a very positive place to work, surrounded by talented people that care about driving purpose in the business and in the world.   There is an entrepreneurial spirit with flexibility and a good work/life balance.  The SAP leadership team has the company on a clear and strong path forward.

Cons: Since SAP is such a large company, making large changes can be a slower process. But you are still heard and your opinions are respected. Furthermore, there is nothing wrong in weighing all the factors before making changes.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. As an early-talent, I have never experienced this level of investment towards newer employees. Your input is encouraged and respected. You are empowered to make a difference.
2. Growth opportunities
3. Culture of mentorship and teamwork: everyone is willing to help you, irrespective of their seniority, team, location etc.
4. Work/life balance

Cons: - No cons really. SAP is not a household name like Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, or Google, but SAP is just as good or better to work for than these  companies
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: - Great work life balance
- A lot of learning opportunities and room to grow
- Amazing Company with great benefits (401k matching and SAP stock plan, vision, health, dental)
- Everyone in the company looks happy
- Large company focus on sustainability and giving back to the community
- Campus has subsidized meals, and a gym with instructors

Cons: The size of the company and fast-paced nature of our business are not always in synch - it can take a long time to get things done that could be completed more quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the few technology companies that I have worked for with a truly global outlook. I think this benefits our customers, who are competing in a global economy, and it benefits our culture, with diverse perspectives. I also think the culture is more collegial than cut throat, which is unique in public companies.

Cons: Salaries are the worst for the kind of talent and expertise required. 
Managers lack people skills and it´s very noticeable. 
Very important issues inside the company, such as harassment, abuse of power are not address properly and its well known.
Advice: I like SAP, however SAP currently is not People is SALES.  Executive Board should go through a very deep introspection and review what it's really going on in Argentina. If you don't have a solid base, the pyramid becomes crumbles.
Pros: Home office, flexible time, skills development, learning opportunities

Cons: Since it is fast paced, with frequent change in business processes and organization it is not for people resistant to change or looking for a stagnant job and organization.
Advice: Keep focusing on your attention to the environment and your social consciousness.  It will serve you well.
Pros: SAP is a fast paced organization that rewards its employees for a job well done. SAP is a strong environmentally consciences organization. It changes quickly based on market conditions which is either exciting or depressing depending on your point of view.

Cons: Lost their minds about stock value and analyst pressure. Morale is destroyed. Too much pressure and stress, Losing good people
Advice: Go back to root company values. Take into account that people is really the most important asset of a company, and not just proclaim it, but actually believe it.
Pros: Good sector, great products. During nineties it was by far the best company in the world to work with. The software R/3 was by far the best one in the world as an integrated platform

Cons: Quota is too high.  Workload depeding on the amount of customers you have can be overwhelming.  I found myself doing a lot of account management work that doesn't pay the bills.
Advice: Compensate AE's for doing account managment work for those activities related to a cusotmers satifsfaction approval while reducing our quotas.
Pros: Company recognition on the resume.  Everyone wants to hire reps from SAP.  The good ones know who to manage a large complex sales cycle calling on C level execs and manage a large sales support team.

Cons: There has been multiple senior leadership changes over the past year, with people leaving and shifting positions. The changes have been unexpected and unsettling. The senior leadership is young, although appear highly motivated to listen and learn.
Advice: Settle on a consistent and effective strategy and see it through.
Pros: SAP is driven by purpose for their customers, employees and making the world a better place through sustainable business practices. They ask for feedback from the market and their employees on a consistent basis and then make changes accordingly to the best of their ability.

Cons: Support work life balance is nonexistent. Certain Support Managers can be rough to deal with. The nature of support is no matter how many hours you put in to fix an issue, there is always something on fire coming in the next day. And you will be the one to fix it. Getting chewed out for situations outside of your direct control will be a regular occurence, as with most jobs. But here it is on another level depending on your team/manager combo.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Decent Pay, Connection Building

Cons: Career Advancement opportunity is limited.  Work Life balance needs to be improved. Ad-hoc travel 
is part of the job and really impacts family life. And travel time is normally not compensated and many times impacts weekend schedules.
Advice: Work-life balance needs to be improved. Royalty towards the company needs to be better rewarded.
Pros: Most current SAP product knowledge. The best place to learn the latest from SAP is with SAP.
And software industry changes constantly and therefore you have to stay competitive by learning the newest stuffs.

Cons: Revolving door in sales at all levels. There are a select few with strong patches, but most people just have territories where it is going to be really difficult for anyone to hit their number. Many are not even close.... HCM is not a strategic priority of SAP. It is a soft spot, like CRM. HANA is the priority.
Advice: None
Pros: Base salary is solid, OTE is great (if you can hit your target). From what I hear, it was a pretty great place to work prior to the SAP acquisition.

Cons: +NO work life balance 
+SuccessFactors has poor leadership and management with no very clear direction on how to achieve goals
+Lots of finger pointing
+very little reward for all of the hours and sacrifice you are required to give. It's a workaholic culture with very emotional people. 
+more about conforming to SAP policy than what really makes a cloud computing company tick
+colleagues are pretty demotivated and seems not invested in this companies long term success
Advice: Go out and attract some real leaders to build the next generation cloud. Be willing to break from the SAP mold.
Pros: Compensation is above average. There are many career opportunities and bonuses are usually paid at near 90% to 100%

Cons: No growth opportunity (only when someone leaves); pay increase during the promotion year is max 5%; way too many lower level employees from Microsoft are migrating to SAP and are getting hired as SVPs.
Advice: Please re-evaluate global marketing leadership. When CMOs claims leadership trust evaluation remaining same as last year (which was only 42% - lowest in the company) as one of her greatest achievement, then you know something is really wrong.
Pros: Good benefits, good C-level leaderships; good brand

Cons: Lots of change without assurances of being included and part of it.
Advice: Commit to the long-time employees that are willing to change/adapt and stay in the game.
Pros: Great company all-around.  Incredible leadership who are always on top of the future tech/business trends and ability to keep the company competitive.  They are establishing the trends and leading the change our customers and industry need.  SAP keeps setting the course!  Great strategies and seemingly very transparent in the plans to get us there.

Cons: Senior Mgmt is a revolving door, every two years expect reorgs and impacts to many of your colleagues.  Growth only through acquisitions.  Pulled out of North America Engineering recently impacting thousands of jobs in favor for China. As Bill says, SAP is all IN on China.
Advice: You call for empathy, work harder to achieve it.
Pros: Employee driven, at least they try very hard to be employee driven.

Cons: It can be very difficult to land full time roles with the company.
Advice: Continue to invest in Early Talent at SAP to help set up for continued success in the future.  Keep on doing great things!
Pros: I joined SAP as an Intern in order to land a full time role at the company. Everyone I have worked with has been inspiring and extremely invested to help achieve company, team and personal goals. Even as an intern, you get health benefits, 401k, lunch, and many other perks!

Cons: Some can be overwhelmed with an ever changing environment. I personally find this keeps me engaged with the ability to explore new subjects and emerging technologies. This is not a place for a person that wants to work at a old style company that stayed the same for decades.
Advice: Keep the innovation coming.
Pros: Strong Company outlook. Great Culture. Constant Innovation means work stays interesting &amp; exciting. Flexible schedule and remote work options make life as a parent easier. Great access to training resources for ongoing training and personal development.

Cons: I'll let you know when I find one.  They are few and far between.  They need twenty words here so that should do it.
Advice: 
Pros: At SAP I am surrounded by A+ people.  There are very few weak links.  This allows me to do my job with great effectiveness since I do not have to double check or validate any of the support work done for me by other people.  This efficiency is priceless.

Cons: Yearly reorgs does not guarantee you will be here.  Also, this does not provide any incentive to explore professional growth.  The politics are of "Shark Tank" status and makes it difficult to manage career development.
Advice: Don't just look for profits.  Appreciate people for the hard work they do.  Don't find ways of cheating them out of a larger bonus.  They work hard and deserve it!
Pros: Great compensation, Great benefits, great stock purchase program, great opportunities for growth

Cons: Working long hours during month ends
Advice: None
Pros: Great people. Great environment. Its a great company to add to your resume. Everywhere you go, employees are looking for those who have background in SAP. So working there was definitely a plus. People are very welcoming and friendly and are always there to support and assist each others. I worked as a contractor but I would consider this to be my first career or job after graduation. Having SAP has definitely open up many great career opportunities for me and it still does!

Cons: SAP culture and politics encroaching fast.  Some product lines are falling behind the curves and performance can suffer. Not as innovative as they were 5 years ago.
Advice: Try your best to hold onto Lars' original core value and not get overrun by big SAP politics.  Focus on your employees and they will stay motivated to move you forward.
Pros: Company motto is "no jerks", and it's true.  The folks there are genuine and have excellent core values. Hopefully they won't lose this after the SAP acquisition.

Cons: Germany based company whose German employees generally resent non-European colleagues as they feel they get favored treatment (which is not true).
Advice: For a company that says it rarely lays off employees, employees get laid off on a regular basis without any apparent rhyme or reason. Would be nice to allow employees whose jobs are "redundant" to get training to move into "growth" areas of the company.
Pros: I enjoyed working for SAP - they have great training, try to offer a work-life balance and fantastic benefits.

Cons: SAP has walked away from customers for the past 15 years.  There has been a lack of innovation and leadership that goes straight to the top.  Hence why SAP is struggling to gain revenue.  SAP's lack of Executive Leadership at the top has left them behind other software companies.  The consulting organization has lacked technical resources and SAP struggles to fill projects with internal candidates which leaves a bad taste with install customers.
Advice: Leave! Your management skills are old school. Think big and get out and understand what customers want and need.  Treat the customer like a customer not a revenue stream.
Pros: No Pros at all! This company is on life support.

Cons: With fast and continuous growth, employees are expected to be up to speed quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: The transition from Fieldglass to SAP Fieldglass has been great for employees as well as customers. The career opportunities afforded as a result of the tremendous growth have been beneficial for current employees while allowing the company to bring on great team members from outside of Fieldglass too. Leadership is open and honest about growth, direction, and corporate goals. The SAP provided benefits are great including sick and PTO time, comprehensive health care, and Share Purchase Programs.

Cons: Large matrixed org means slow decision making. Very bloated company with thousands of useless jobs and people who slow things down or do poor work. Too many products, many which overlap and don't add incremental value. Complicated products. Old school stodgy reputation
Advice: Cut the fat. Get rid of at least 20% of people who don't add value. Close down 25% of products and focus on nailing fewer products
Pros: Great salary, good benefits, good people (mostly), interesting work. Nice people first culture

Cons: Priorities changes and lack of strong representation of women in truly leadership roles - not just managers (17.5% when i left) - yes there are some shining stars like Jen Morgan - but its still largely a boys club.
Advice: Pay attention to those you deem as "top talent" - give them the leadership opportunities to actually become the next leaders.
Pros: you can have 10 different jobs at SAP and a wealth of amazing experiences - travel, new challenges, opportunities

Cons: Ever changing environment.  Change is constant, but I am one who does not like routines!
Advice: Stay the course.  Continue to listen to our customers and employees as you have done in the past.
Pros: Benefits are exceptional to include financial compensation.
Working as a team.  The strong desire from colleagues to do what's best for our customer.  
Colleagues who truly strive to do what is best for our customers, but this all starts in our office.
Management team that is open to feedback and will make adjustments as needed.

Cons: - No stock option.
- Too many reorgs.
- Politics are getting more regular and can be fierce at times.
- Old (good) cultures are gone. This can be tough to get motivated.
Advice: Please bring back the caring and friendly culture of old and again treat employees with respect and dignity.
Pros: - Free lunch, drink, and good coffee.
- Salary and bonus are pretty good, especially the bonus part.
- Good matching for 401k.
- If you work there for a long time, you will have a lot of vacation.

Cons: -Constant change in Executive leadership
-Unclear long term strategic vision
-Constant opoerations/process changes
-Very few opportunities for Sr Level Finance positions in the West Coast
Advice: None
Pros: For employees in Germany: Employment security, great benefits, wonderful resources, opportunity to try different career paths with little experience. 

For employees that reside in regional headquarters there are many opportunties for career advancement. Executive leadership is very supportive of promoting talent and for taking chances on High Potential Individuals to assume new roles where they have little experience.

Cons: Some of the leaders are not equipped for their roles.  Constant leadership reorganization can make for some chaos and ever-changing directives.
Advice: There needs to be better mentoring and development of leaders so that more of the middle management can be effective with their teams.
Pros: There is reasonable work-life balance and they offer plenty of opportunities for growth and advancement.  Sure, there is some dead weight like any organization has, but SAP is focused on improving their products, hitting their numbers, and satisfying their customers.

Cons: Very bureaucratic and for the sales people, the internal processes can take 80%+ of your time while actual customer facing time is less than optimal.  There are many redundancies and not explanation as to why something is being forced down from "the powers that be"
Advice: If we want to teach our customers to "run Simple with SAP" we need to learn how to do it internally.  Stop adding so many layers of sales and the need for redundant communications, updates, meetings, calls and processes.
Pros: Great technology and focus on innovation

Cons: We are always "on", work very very hard.
Advice: Move Talent around geographically.  There are amazing best practices in different territories globally.  We can all learn more from each other.
Pros: Great company to work for.  Best of the best work at SAP.   
Industry & Technology Vision is excellent.  Great Training is available for products and softskills.  A very wide variety career paths available..  
Sales reps can make an insane amount of money, Winner's Circle Club is off the hook.

Cons: - Company's motto is to "run simple" yet everything about the company is the complete opposite
 - no stability in management, constant turnover
 -
Advice: Throw all current operation processes away and start over.  Pretend you are company of 70 people, not 70,000 and think of what it takes to get something done.  The company size has styfled your ability to be efficient.
Pros: - Great people
 - Unlimited R&D and spending investment
 - Great work flexibility and work / life balance

Cons: Sometimes it is too complex.
Advice: None
Pros: My favorite thing about SAP is the people I work with, but there are so many other important benefits.  Flexibility is key to me as a working mom.   Leadership at the company is amazing.  Leadership really care of the SAP employees.  It is also fun to work in the tech field, where  innovation is happening all of the time.  SAP also offers an array of benefits, which you don't truly appreciate until you use them.

Cons: =&gt; No real leadership at the top and worried about the company being acquired
=&gt; NOT much or limited opportunities to grow as a technical expert
Advice: =&gt; A generation of new thought leaders for technology should come to the front in decision making
=&gt; Need to think more as a global organization and less as a German multinational
Pros: =&gt; Access to all you want to know about SAP applications
=&gt; Pretty laid back  and relaxed atmosphere to work
=&gt; Great for sales team and good opportunities to grow

Cons: Big company which moves and makes the decisions slowly.  Slow promotion. The company quickly dismisses contractors, without any explanations. Contractors don't really get majority of benefits.
Advice: Listen more to employees' opinions and improve top-down communication. Try to reduce, a least a bit, level of bureaucracy.
Pros: SAP is really good company to work at. Its main positive sides are:   compensation and benefits,  corporate culture and values , work environment, flexible working hours, respect to each other's culture.

Cons: It is hard to make a huge impact as an employee because of the size of the company, and the fact that SAP products are not design-oriented.
Advice: Because our company is so big, the role of team's manager will be the key in guiding the team culture and productivity.
Pros: SAP is a big corporate where everything is very systematic and professionally done. The User Experience field is also going through a major facelift, which provides a lot more design opportunities than before.

Cons: ...  I really haven't experienced any.
Advice: Stay the course! Hire more people when you need to in order to keep the work life balance part of the strategy. That balance makes the employees loyal, driven and willing to go above and beyond when needed for a company that goes above and beyond for us!
Pros: They promote our individuality and appreciate the fact that we are not all made from a cookie cutter.  SAP encourages us to learn and collaborate with our team mates.

Cons: - process sometimes gets in the way of progress
- relationships sometimes play too large a role in decision-making
Advice: I'm proud to be a long-time SAPer. Continue to keep your focus on purpose &amp; inclusion -- it makes a difference to all of us who work here. Be open to new ideas from new sources. You never know where a great idea will come from!
Pros: - flexible employment environment
- opportunity to explore new challenges
- great sense of community and inclusion
- purpose-driven
- innovative

Cons: We are still primarily a German-centric company which tends to drain a lot of our more innovative and passionate folks - the german workforce will be our undoing unless they get onboard
Advice: Stay focused on delivering real value to our customers, double-down on our innovation and ensure that we continue to recognize key contributors and invest in thier future
Pros: SAP has passionate senior and executive leadership with lots of game changing innovation and an extremely loyal and dedicated customer base - great place to work and sell

Cons: German centric so once a decision is made there is no turning back...even if wrong decision. Very complex matrixed organization so it takes a lot of time and energy to build a network to get things done.
Advice: Get the deadwood out of management. Think global but act local...give locals the ability to act.
Pros: Large global company with solid enterprise software product. Great global rotational opportunities. Product competitive and getting more user friendly. Many very bright colleagues.

Cons: Hierarchical structure and management interactions in some groups could be challenging political environment. Some managers are micro managers. Sometimes the way the organization runs doesn't allow to extract the full potential of an employee. Responsibilities are limited at times. Too many cooks in the kitchen often results in projects running out of synch and lengthy unproductive ones.
Advice: Motivate employees more. Hire and Retain Talent.
Pros: Great Company that offers what they promise. Strong German Culture. Flex Work approach. Benefits and bonuses always paid out.

Cons: Communication between teams was not organized as well as it could have been.  It sometimes felt like groups which worked together often were unaware of what the other team was doing.
Advice: SAP has been making some drastic changes which I believe will result in a better overall structure.  Keep thinking bug but don't lose sight of the importance of retaining good employees.
Pros: There's always work to be done and something new to learn.  SAP provides great benefits and a good work environment.

Cons: ....you are just a number so YOUR number might come up inexplicably; Middle and upper management are disconnected from the rest; The old sense of "team" is gone.
Advice: It is tough not to rip Management here....  I will just say I am disappointed with them.
Pros: Technology is top notch; one of the "800 pound gorillas"; some very good people work there;  vacation time and work remote; will spend money, but....

Cons: Can be complex to navigate at times. It is not so much what you know but who you know at SAP that leads to succcess
Advice: Keep the clear vision of helping the world run better and improve people's lives!
Pros: Ability to work almost anywhere in the world. Strong leadership with a vision and a plan. Using design thinking methodology to solve internal and external customer problems with the end user front and center.

Cons: The manager of my team, head of emerging technologies, big data IoT was an absolute joke. Never have I come across someone so pathetically under skilled and yet allowed to maintain a stronghold of running a team. The manager didn't know anything about technology except how to rise up the management ranks.
Entire teams of people there know nothing and accomplish nothing.
Advice: When an entire team discusses with upper management about how pathetic their managers skill set is, please listen to them. I and many other people have since quit the company due to their incompetence. No one wants to work on a losing team.
Pros: Stable large company
Free food
Nice campus

Cons: It's a big company and not everyone is on the same page. Internal competition for development resources leads to overlapping products.
Advice: Get better coordinated at a strategic level with internal teams. The vision is there but not everyone inside is incentivized to support the vision especially when it means their area will be reduced.
Pros: Empowered with the tools to get my job down and the latitude to go do it my way by my management. Achieve your targets and you will be supported. Very flexible work culture.

Cons: Late and incoherent strategy for cloud offerings, pressure on individual contributors to produce the strategy that is not yet there, great people yet very odd culture driven by fear, I agree with other review stating too many nontechnical managers over technical processes, strategy changes every 4-6 months disrupting momentum
Advice: Get coherent cloud strategy in place, get Suite optimized for cloud, pare down to smaller set of good products
Pros: Lots of opportunity, somewhat decent work life balance, great people, access to resources, great customers

Cons: Very low salary for developers in palo alto compared to other companies in and around palo alto
No career growth
Company is full of politicians who do less work and more of politics
Some employees are totally useless and dont provide any value to the company or customers
Too many managers and Managers are not good leaders
Wrong people leading teams and organizations
HR is totally useless
Too much fat in palo alto almost everyone is a senior director ,vp or svp
They dont apply for green card for atleast 3 years after you join sap labs usa
Low employee motivation
No good projects to work
No Clue how to build cloud platforms and products
Old SAP outdated technology
No new innovations
Advice: None
Pros: Huge loyal enterprise customer base

Cons: I cannot think of any downsides.  As mentioned above I have been here for 20 years.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for 20 years and it is an excellent place to work. They provide excellent benefits, and they have grown right along with the business world, staying on the cutting edge to make it a pleasant flexible place to work. The goal is to provide you with a home/work/life balance. You can always adjust your schedule to fit in with the needs or activities of your family.

Cons: - Big company with some bureaucracy
- Not pay masters at least when compared to tier 1 companies
Advice: - Use every location to its fullest strength. Right now, sometimes locations are purely looked at from a cost perspective. Some locations may be expensive but also provide higher value owing to access to market and talented ecosystem.
Pros: - Very independent setup. Respectful colleagues
- Can work with Who's who of enterprises
- Rich company with enough backing to launch products once alignment is arrived at.
- Global company with genuine effort to preserve inclusiveness

Cons: - A lot of people who've been at SAP for 20+ years
- Learning culture / mindset could be stronger
Advice: Develop your employees to ensure they are engaged and growing their skills for the future.
Pros: - Strong vision / strategy from CEO
- Strong mission statement focused on customers and employees
- SAPs compensation and healthcare benefits
- Incredible bright and talented people
- Strong commitment to diversity / Love the many programs and groups that support diversity and inclusion like "Autism at Work" and "Business beyond Bias" (there are so many)

Cons: No downsides to working at SAP for me !
Advice: I have been with SAP for almost 10 years (part of an acquisition), SAP Management has their eyes on the marketplace and pursues avenues of corporate growth with continued advancement in technologies and solutions that the marketplace is calling for using both organic and inorganic methods. Keep up the great work SAP Management!
Pros: SAP as a global company provides an open platform for employee workplace contentment and encouraged pursuit of corporate growth and learning.

Cons: Your day can get busy very quickly and bandwidth can become slim if you’re not carefully prioritizing your time.  If you’re used to being busy, and you’re organized, this is a positive!
Advice: Keep prioritizing and investing in your people. Your teams bring so much value to the business and are the reason for our success.
Pros: Great benefits, competitive pay, supportive team environment, positive culture, remote capabilities, growth opportunities and great management. The list goes on and on. So happy I made the move to SAP Concur!

Cons: Sometimes they hold onto antiquated old software that's used internally and hesitate to update it. When it's a system you're using every day, there's a lot of cursing.
Advice: None
Pros: They really take care of their employees. They care about giving you fulfilling work. They like when you try to make something better. There's room to grow. I love my job, it doesn't feel like work.

Cons: SAP is a large multinational organization and it makes some things more difficult in terms of quick decision making or acting nimbly. I feel we do compare well with similar sized companies, but compared to much smaller technology companies we do things more slowly with more bureaucracy.
Advice: Keep up the good work of keeping SAP a great place to work.
Pros: Very good compensation, benefits and work life balance. I am very happy working for SAP and feel very good about the values of the company.

Cons: Due to global collaboration, sometimes people need to sacrifice their own time to work with teams from different time zone.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great company to work for. Leaders and team members are so talented, patient, willing to share their knowledge, and help each other. 
Jobs and tasks are full of challenges and you can feel you grow really fast.
The whole system of the company is very strong and stable. The company supports and cares for their employees from every perspective of work and life.

Cons: I was let go because they couldn't find work for me.  Unfortunately, they consider finding consulting work my responsibility.  If I wanted to be responsible for finding my own work, I would I would simply be an independent contractor.
Advice: Train people correctly, and connect them with solid mentors that can help them get the next assignment.  Also, don't hire people if you don't have work for them.
Pros: A good company with great benefits.  Salary is very competitive if not significantly above.

Cons: It can be difficult to change teams.  Managers are not trained to be managers and management sometimes overlooks moving managers who are inappropriate.  Work life balance is an issue for some teams.
Advice: My advice to management is to take the simple part of Run Simple more seriously, by streamlining internal processes and aligning teams.
Pros: People stay at SAP for a long time because it really is a great place to work with a lot diversity and great colleagues.

Cons: I am personally $20k underpaid for what I do in my area based off research and to get a raise is a very hard process.
Advice: Make sure you properly are paying your employees for the work they do and where they live to be competitive.
Pros: The benefits are amazing from leave time, vacations, maternity leave and overall typical benefits. The company also wirks with a lot of organizations in the community to do their part and it makes you proud to say you work there.

Cons: I cannot think of one single thing  that I did not like at SAP. The people were great the environment was fantastic.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Your commitment to your employees and the community is what separates SAP from the crowd
Pros: Great company. Great leadership. Challenging, fun and best work experience of my life. The leadership and people I worked for were the smartest in the industry.  When I became very sick they rallied around me and took care of my every need.

Cons: There are really no downsides to working here!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP puts an equal level of importance of support and focus  on its employees as it does with its customers, shareholders, etc.  I have worked for many large US-based companies and this is truly unique.  SAP values work-life balance, empowering its employees to go beyond where they thought they could go, and a fundamental belief in sustainability and that we are responsible for the world around us; not just the Company!

Cons: Lack of diversity in leadership, can be a very high-stress environment
Advice: Diversify -  Less "good old boys club", more fresh perspectives! Create better territory to quota alignment. Don't just invest in and focus on  "early talent" or "new talent" look to help your current experienced (millennial) reps too!
Pros: SAP Reputation, great benefits, earning potential is almost unrivaled in the software world, flexibility, leadership opportunities, best of breed portfolio, amazing account team structure, excellent events &amp; focus on customer experience

Cons: Your territory can make or break you. Some directors have been in their spot for too long, need to have healthy promotion pipeline to give reps ability to move up into leadership.
Advice: Work on territories to ensure they're as fair as possible and promote or remove middle management so your best reps don't leave for other companies.
Pros: SAP Concur has a market leading product that is very easy to compete against competitors. Leaders are strong in certain segments of the business and they give you the tools to succeed.

Cons: middle and lower management lacks skills to lead professionally. Most have come up the ranks through their technical know-how, but have not expanded their skills into management.
Advice: someone needs to mind the store. Regional politics is starting to take individual teams and departments off course from the strategic direction that directors have indicated they want the firm to take.
Pros: global firm with international opportunities, including a wide range of functions and levels, as well as type of projects.

Cons: Slow to market with new technology and solutions. Difficult to find internal resources in an ever changing support matrix. Sr management seems to be focused on largest customers and deals only.
Advice: Accelerate bringing new solutions and technologies to market. Reduce the complexitiy and time burden of sales field reporting. Encourage innovation and creative approaches in sales and account management.
Pros: Smart people and can do attitude across the organization. Culture of success and professionalism. Strong brand market share of legacy ERP customers to leverage.

Cons: No good talent left in the company. Management is short sighted, self congratulatory, lack competence needed in their areas of responsibility. There is no accountability.
Advice: Invest in your people. Hire better talent from outside. Add accountability.
Pros: Good benefits, free food, beautiful workplace, commuter programs, above average compensation, some good talent still left in the company but vanishing. SAP work culture is very good and it is seeping in to Successfactors work culture. SAP management takes good care of Successfactors employees and it is very supportive.

Cons: none to report at this point.
Advice: None
Pros: By far the best onboarding experience I have ever had. Clear and effective development plans to help make you effective at your job quickly. The culture is very supportive and everyone is there to help you grow. The Technology teams are very responsive to customer needs and come through to help us deliver value.

From what I've seen(after 7 months) employees are able to pursue career goals and are able to move to other areas .

Cons: Very slow. A lot of creative people end up wasting their time. There are so many org changes that don't look like a well-thought long-term plan. Upper-level management decisions don't get explained and understood.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance at SAP is really good. The company cares employees well being really important. Vacation is not unlimited, but you can take extra days off or work remotely during a trip. For employees with health conditions, the company is very generous about employees taking sick days or sick leave.

Cons: Workload is unrealistic to manage leading to high stress and burnout. 
Its seems like this experience is disproportionate across teams. People tend to move into other roles after 2-3 years.
Advice: From the people perspective, I wouldn’t change anything from the current plan. From the product perspective, continue focusing on stability and use ability of our solutions.
Pros: Very conscious about work/life balance, flexible schedules
Many opportunities and resources to learn new things and move within the company
Robust benefit options
The company puts focus on gathering employee feedback and adjusting accordingly.

Cons: The amount of change is unacceptable.  It's hard to keep track of all the changes and what you are supposed to be following sometimes.  In addition, the company focuses on cloud, yet the goals seem unrealistic and there are so many acquired companies and employees which seem to get left behind in the roadmap.
Advice: Simplify and try to bring everyone together as much as possible so we can move forward as one team instead of fragments.
Pros: Good salary, benefits and coworkers.

Cons: *Fumbles with change
*Slow to change direction
*Too many politics
*Lack of clarity
Advice: *Be more thoughtful of how reorgs are done. Make the decisions. Implement. And move on. Dont drag it out. 
*Lighten up on middle management. There are way too many chiefs and vice chiefs and senior vice chiefs and not enough Indians (Native American, not those from India) to do the work.
Pros: *Excellent benefits package 
*401K matching (%)
*Educational reimbursement 
*New stock purchase program being developed
*Incredibly passionate workforce
*Good food!

Cons: If working in an acquired office, adjustment to the SAP culture can be awkward. SAP is in transition between legacy and future technologies. It is a huge company and can be a frustrating experience if project or team does not fit the standard corporate profile.
Advice: Get better feedback on mid level managers.
Pros: Mature and stable company provides good benefits. SAP supports community involvement and does matching to charitable giving. Hana in memory DB has a potential of making SAP the dominate force in the future.

Cons: Plan to work your rear end off
Very demanding
Like most places, if you are not in the right role you are not likely to succeed
Way too many complex internal processes. 
Too internal facing which kills productivity
Advice: Good strategy.  Go boldly as fast as you can.
Pros: Great opportunities in the right places
Very complete solution set
High quality software and services 
Way ahead of most competitors 
Ability to really make a difference in the fortunes of your customers. 
Mostly possitive, team based environment 
All the work can pay off

Cons: Organizational restructurings are happening on a frequent basis leading to a lot of fluctuation. The company size makes it difficult to realize an individual's contribution to the company.
Advice: Put the employee and his/her needs in focus to make ensure a high level of employment satisfaction, minimize fluctuation and realize a higher level of workforce continuity.
Pros: SAP Labs LLC offers a wide spectrum of employment opportunities in the areas for development and product design and marketing. Being the leader in the enterprise software industry ensures exposure to cutting edge technology.

Cons: Bad management in this location, rampant favoritism and back biting, below par salary, petty politics overshadows actual work, engineers not valued. Management cares about little else except posing to 'look good' in Waldorf.  Barring one or two, there is no one remaining in this location with technical vision or breadth enough to lead, which makes them dependent on expertise in other locations.
Advice: Nothing really. The management here is old and fixated, and have created this culture over the last several years. Many senior people have left/are leaving  in disgust, including myself. Waldorf upper management should take a good look here and revamp the entire structure.
Pros: Nice office, good coffee, free lunch, good technology

Cons: For a large company, SAP is surprisingly nimble, but there are places where entrenched internal processes can slow things down.
Advice: Keep challenging us to lead the market and stay focused on customer success.
Pros: At SAP, from the CEO down to the newest intern, everyone is treated with respect and is expected to treat their colleagues with respect.   Diversity is encouraged and celebrated, flexible work arrangements (work from home, part-time, etc.) are very common, and everyone is smart and motivated to make our customers successful.

Cons: It's a big company and not everyone is on the same page. Internal competition for development resources leads to overlapping products.
Advice: Get better coordinated at a strategic level with internal teams. The vision is there but not everyone inside is incentivized to support the vision especially when it means their area will be reduced.
Pros: Empowered with the tools to get my job down and the latitude to go do it my way by my management. Achieve your targets and you will be supported. Very flexible work culture.

Cons: Nothing specific that stands out, if I had to find some, it will be in the lines of issues and challenges that any big multinational will encounter.
Advice: SAP had done a great job in shaping itself to prepare for the next generation, however the services organization should also be given priority as success of a software company depends on how well the software gets deployed.
Pros: Company is innovative and is a leader in the Cloud and ERP space, it has kept up with the changes in IT.

Cons: No clear roles and responsibilities. Everyone trying to do everyone else's job. Starts at board level - zero alignment. Result is no work life balance since everyone spending so much time communicating to figure out what's going on.
Advice: Board needs to immediately determine priorities, and high level process for orgs to work together and get things done. Stop piloting and just do it. Stop pretending we can do way more with way less while the plane is being overhauled mid-flight.
Pros: No layoffs planned
Collaborative culture
Job security

Cons: Sometimes work-life balance is a challenge. Not everyone in management should be in management. Very large corporate company.
Advice: Keep the focus on your people - they make or break the company.   Continue to focus on work-life balance
Pros: The culture and the people really make this company great. Most of the leadership really care about their employees. A lot of discussions about worklife balance and wellbeing. Huge opportunity to move into many different roles across the company.

Cons: Poor quality middle management (inexperienced) promoted through tenure and technical competence.
NSQ is a sucky place to have a regional HQ. There are a lot of islands of excellence that need to be glued together, some incompetents seem to find this a safe haven and never leave.
Advice: Get professional middle management not technical experts, be more careful about new hires.
Pros: Instantly recognizable company, access to the grass roots information and people. Driven leadership.

Cons: Some departments are too technically driven without a view of the bigger picture and sometimes have 2 similar products competing for same customer.
Advice: Too many products and too little cooperation in the middle ranks is leading to sales and customer confusion. First pare and then you will snare the revenues.
Pros: Smart, energetic set of people depending on the group. 
Management is very engaged for a company that size. 
Great place to learn

Cons: Must be able to navigate political landscape of management.  
The compensation upside is limited and dependent on ability to navigate political landscape
Advice: Less focus on building a Millennial culture and recognize the talent you have walking the halls
Pros: Large company with extremely talented employees.  
Brand recognition in the market provides a great opportunity to gain access to potential clients.
Great enablement and career development

Cons: As a large organization, there are many levels of approvals and processes, so innovation is slow. Compensation is below average in the high-cost regions, and it is hard to attract fresh talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Very large company that develops software for just about any solution, so many opportunities for employees to expand knowledge and skills into different areas if they have the necessary transferable skills. Work-life balance is highly regarded so work hours can be very flexible.

Cons: As with any huge organization, Change happens at a slower pace, and your ability to impact individually, gets a bit diluted in the larger setup of the organization. If you are in Sales, the pressure could be considerably high due to the size and nature of markets - which is already pretty saturated and hyper competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is  present in over 120 countries, and in almost all industries, and has solutions that impact in most process areas. hence career opportunities are immense

Cons: The cons are SAP is still very much a German company where many of the decisions are still made in Walldorf.  Of course, this is not be unexpected but could be more open to non-Germans.
Advice: Continue to focus on creating, driving, and executing on growth strategies that will take SAP to new heights in enterprise software.
Pros: The pros are SAP has global reach, positive impact to businesses and communities, high quality employees, excellent compensation, strong benefits, and superior product strategy.

Cons: traveling, lack of training due to budget cuts, North America bonus system compare to the Global services
Advice: change the north america bonus system so that the consultants are not hurt for taking vacations.  Provide more training for the personnel so that they can change career directions if they need to.  Lower the rates so that SAP can compete with smaller companies and those that provide off-shore services in order to be able to acquire more projects and raise consultants' utilization.
Pros: good bonus, good benefits, good for resume

Cons: Unclear roles and career paths. Too much internal competition and politics. Broken functional processes, unclear product strategy and operations
Advice: Invest in cross pollinating your greatest  asset - people. and allow them and help them move to other roles and countries. Do not stop investing on premise solutions. Buy Cloud vendors instead of attempting to build your own cloud apps
Pros: Good pay and good benefits. Good work life balance. Good technology

Cons: The challenges of being a contract employee is that you work for a staffing company instead of directly for SAP. Therefore you have less access to all that is available to permanent employees.
Advice: Keep being Innovative to drive the success of Simple solutions at SAP
Pros: Working as a contractor you get to learn from the professionals and work with a vast array of various
personalities and diverse co-workers and executives.

Cons: Not as agile to change organizations given large workers council controlled workforce
Can't cut costs and redirect investments as fast as smaller non-european based companies
Think they can do everything themselves
Advice: Need to find a way to reduce costs in Germany because it weighs down the company - makes us less agile

Less reorgs - people are just "waiting and seeing" and are less action oriented
Pros: Diverse global culture across all functions
In a high tech market sweetspot
Very aggressive pushing new technologies for being such a large company

Cons: A lot of positions are very specialized.  In my last company (which was much smaller), most everybody did a little bit of everything.  At SAP, everyone does exactly their job, and nothing else.  I find that a little boring and limiting.
Advice: Don't demand so much uniformity.  For example, Agile / scrum development doesn't make sense for every group.
Pros: It's a big company, so if you want to move to a different location or change groups, there are lots to choose from.

Cons: Heavy political atmosphere pervades in the sales organization. This. coupled with a matrix organization. impacts everything from account assignments, employment reviews and opportunity pursuits.
Advice: From a product perspective, be more agile in product development. Sales management needs to better understand sales objections and interaction between Consulting, Account Management, and Solution Executives to increase efficiency in sales pursuits
Pros: Great brand name recognition,, talented and smart people. Sales management very professional and empowers the team to make independent decisions

Cons: None - The benefits are amazing, the people are great, and the company believes in its employees
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. From all the way to the top you are running this organization to benefit all of the employees.
Pros: Greatest place on earth to work. I love the team mentality and how it truly is about the customers. Management does not put pressure on the Sales teams to get deals done just for the sake of a Quarter close. Love this place

Cons: Struggling to move from waterfall development to something more agile and customer-centered, project decisions can be hierarchical rather than based on best for the product, integration with acquired companies still quite rocky, products (including internal) are still hard to use
Advice: Put more time, money, energy and effort into understanding users - this will lead to better products and happier staff
Pros: Design Thinking, good work spaces, great people, free lunch, wonderful campus, pretty flat organization, great work-life balance, creative people, good pay, good benefits, good bonuses

Cons: I do not see any cons I have been here 14 years
Advice: None
Pros: -5 weeks vacation
-great benefits
-unlimited sick days
-The managers let you take part in making decisions. Truly listen to you
-Free unlimited soft drinks and Coffee/Tea
-Free lunch
You are treated like a integral part of the team. Can freely give your opinion without repercussions.
SAP is also a great company for helping out the community and you are able to do volunteer projects to assist your community.

Cons: Can't think of any cons...
Advice: Find ways to make those who travel and are never in the office more "visible" in the organization so they can be as competitive for promotions/new careers as their peers who are "office workers".
Pros: Very inclusive regardless of who you are, who you love, where you came from, or what language you speak.   I also feel as though consideration for our current environment is something they hold a high level of concern and commitment to.

Cons: Can't think of any cons...
Advice: Find ways to make those who travel and are never in the office more "visible" in the organization so they can be as competitive for promotions/new careers as their peers who are "office workers".
Pros: Very inclusive regardless of who you are, who you love, where you came from, or what language you speak.   I also feel as though consideration for our current environment is something they hold a high level of concern and commitment to.

Cons: As with any large company, there is a lot of...everything from systems to tools to content and it can be a challenge to navigate.  Building a network is essential to working here.
Advice: Run (as) simple (as you can)
Pros: SAP is actually doing something to make the world run better and improve people's lives - and it is exciting to contribute to that every day.  The company is focused on customers, supports its employees and strives to make a difference.

Cons: This is a very large company and getting acclimated can be a daunting task, but there are many resources and people who are always happy to help!
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, benefits, virtual work opportunities, and the Company cares equally about its employees as it does its customers and investors.  In addition, work here is not just a job, it is your career and SAP encourages you to grow and challenge yourself to go as high and as far as you dare to go!

Cons: Lots of Reorg. whole move to aws is driving the company from not delivering any product features and focussing only on aws infra related work. CTO is driving his vision from oracle. lots of bright engineers left the company when this new focus of CTO happened
Advice: listen to engineers sometimes. deliver good product to customers. Listening to handful of  VPs for Engineering isnt sufficient always.
Pros: great work life balance, few good technology stuff and very friendly work plac

Cons: Very slow, deliberative decision making style. Misses many opportunities but core business has remained strong as ever.
Advice: Understand the balance between European and American management styles and maintain that balance in future. It was what has got to where you are and will serve you well.
Pros: Very fair management style and HR processes. Very fair compensation and work environment.  Been through many ups and downs but I am loyal to my company.

Cons: As with any career, there are times of stress.   Due to changes within the company, workload can be unbalanced at times, however management listens to employees and will adjust accordingly.    I have never felt so valued as I do with SAP Concur!
Advice: None
Pros: Employee centric with focus on work life balance
Great benefits - Health insurance, 401k, life insurance, PTO, etc....
Continually evolving training programs to meet changes in industry
Training programs for personal growth
Ability to work with others around the globe

Cons: You need to be very political and careful in who you connect with outside of your job. You also need to brag about your achievements and responsibilities to get noticed.
Advice: Invest in your employees more. Get rid of toxic people.  We have a lot of potential that is untapped.
Pros: If you are good at networking and dealing with constant changes, it can be a good place.

Cons: Not really a con, but SAP is massive so it will require you to be bold and network to achieve growth and develop your career.
Advice: None
Pros: Endless opportunities, thoughtful leadership, strong sense of culture and team, boundless product portfolio - SAP delivers on it all. From the outside looking in one may wonder how it's possible to feel seen or make an impact in such a large company, but it's possible as long as you're willing to put the effort in.

Cons: Unfortunately, it is a culture of constant hard work, always more added to your plate, lots of cutting corners by way of reducing resources and increasing individual workloads. Constantly changing priorities and limited resources make it challenging to feel like progress is being made. Tough to take real vacation time with these workloads.
Advice: Staff teams adequately instead of cutting corners and increasing workloads even if rewarded by increased salary.
Pros: Lots of room to grow, learn, and collaborate. Pretty decent benefits.

Cons: Don't have the collegial atmosphere found at consulting firms since a lot of times you are the only SAP person on a project.
Advice: Management needs to evaluate consultants on more than just Billable utilization.
Pros: Consultants make bonuses based on their billable utilization, which gives you an incentive to work long hours and can result in pretty high payouts.  Another great thing about SAP is that they open up a vast amount of training material to employees.

Cons: On the SAP Campus in Newtown Square it would be great to have a walking path.   We do have a busy road to walk or run on, but it would be ideal to have a path through the woods.
Advice: None
Pros: The "employee first" mentality is unique.  Granted you must work hard but SAP recognizes an individual’s efforts with outstanding benefits.  The training which is ready available, flexible vacation times and many other internal offering sets SAP far above the others.

Cons: Corporation, Development and Sales not always on the same page as to how to establish priorities and move the company forward. Sometimes causes confusion within the support functions and delays ability to deliver on a timely basis.
Advice: Implement a process to function as a cohesive company versus at times what could be viewed as multiple business units establishing their own business plans.
Pros: Leader in it's industry. Fast pace fun company to work for. Cares about it's employees, provides opportunities to continually learn and move within the company.

Cons: *** FACT: The Market Development department has had over 100% turnover in 2017. I think that number speaks for itself. ***

>> Excluding direct management, the directors within Market Development run their department with a "Hero to Zero" mentality if you are not the top performer that month you aren't even worth making eye contact with (when they even make an appearance on the floor which is maybe once every other week to once a month). 
Directors run their meetings like camp counselors, playing loud music, cheering while you walk into the meetings until they drop bombs on the MDRs discussing new processes that make your job more difficult and rolling out unattainable goals to make it impossible to hit your quota. 
At first, this "Camp Counselor" leadership style and over the top unauthentic speech is appealing you eventually realize they are constantly speaking to you like children and have no true respect for you as a career professional.
Don't ever believe you have a chance to move into a leadership role within the Market Development department. Directors lead MDRs on; whom are more than overqualified, been with the company for multiple years and proven themselves worthy of leadership roles; to think that they have a chance at the roles opening up within the MDR department and then hire externally or in different departments because again, they have no respect for MDRs as career professionals, with one exception, a 23year old that they gave a manager position too because one of the directors had a personal relationship with that MDR. 
** Note: Management just handed that MDR  the management position without considering any other prospects or making it available to any applicants** 
- - It's also been discussed that employees applying for internal roles outside of the department have been sabotaged by directors approaching the hiring department telling them not to hire that MDR because they are a top performer and want them to sit in the department and make them more money till they're burned out and leave - - 
:: Also, there's a "rule" that you have to sit in seat in the Market Development department for at least 1 year before being eligible to move throughout the company. No this is not in your job contract or discussed throughout the interview process you find this out after you're hired and are stuck. ::

>> Now to discuss the job itself... You are a telemarketer that can be replaced and rotated out. There is no strategy, you do not create relationships with your Sales Execs because you have 25-40 that you support. You used to strategically work with 4 Sales Execs and support their specific territories going after top accounts and helping them bring in quality customers. They changed this process because of the massive turnover they're seeing in the department and now the sales pipeline won't skip a beat with MDRs constantly leaving.
You have call center metrics you have to meet every day and if you don't meet them you are interrogated on the reasons why you didn't meet them that day. The micromanaging is absolutely out of control, there's no faith in you that you are a professional that can do your job and run your business properly. This job requires no relationship building just endlessly calling prospects to see if they have 10min to learn about Concur and passing off anyone who says yes to the Sales Exec assigned too the account then getting back on the phones to find another prospect to say yes. 

::: Warning: DO NOT TAKE A SMALL BUSINESS POSITION although the direct manager seems great and doing what he can to make the most of that segment, the goals are wildly unattainable compared to the Inbound, MidMarket and National segments. With the consistent failure, the directors put pressure on this segment and constantly question the failure to meet quota when the quotas are near impossible to hit. :::

>> Unfortunately, because of the way that the directors have built this department and treat their employees you see valuable workers losing belief and confidence in themselves and their abilities. It also is quite obvious that this has spread to other departments so moving internally throughout Concur is becoming more an more difficult. It's heartbreaking to see these quality and overqualified employees being so discouraged and leaving this company after buying into the "Concur dream" because there truly is value in this company, just not in the Market Development department. There are people that have taken massive pay cuts and steps down in their career to buy into this dream and leave lost, beaten down and regretful they ever left their previous job to become part of this department.
Advice: Advice for Concur's CEO: Clean house of the hirer up directors, they've become so involved in their own egos they are completely disconnected to their employees and this department's needs. ** Take note this does not include direct managers who are doing a great job at dealing with these directors ** Their leadership style is not up to the standard of Concur's culture and it's not only disappointing but harmful to this company.
Pros: >> Supportive direct management and great co-workers
>> Free LaCroix, soda and juice
>> Incentives/Competitions; although the extra monthly competitions use to include AMEX gift cards and more appealing prizes now you maybe earn a coffee or free lunch. 
>> Great benefits through SAP, 25 days of PTO, although in this department it's looked down upon if you utilize your available PTO and because you're quota based you feel too much pressure to enjoy your time off.

Cons: being worked to the bone and no decent increases to boot
Advice: stop with the interns, walk the talk on being a top employer, hire the staff you need and compensate them accordingly, this bottom line stuff is getting to be too much. We work hard for SAP and deserve our nights and weekends with our loved ones and enough resources to get by and to be compensated for ur hard work
Pros: if you land in a good team, you're golden

Cons: Perpetual reorgs
The company quite frequently stumbles on their own shoelaces
Advice: The company has really struggled with their identity and culture in the past few years.  The entire company watches as multiple reorgs give an opportunity to those who are VP and above however brings nothing but uncertainty and confusion on the ground floor.  Practice what you preach and instill the same opportunist mentality everywhere.
Pros: Great group of people at the IC level
Great benefits
A brand well recognized

Cons: - Too much office politics
- Sub-par pay in bay area
- SAP uses visa trap to make employees stay, if not nobody good employee would work here
- Instead of using free OSS, SAP tends to build sub-par clone for e.g. UI5, HCP etc. Again the management has no clue what they are doing.
- No innovation. Middle management is useless.
Advice: Pay more in bay area or close the shop and leave.
Pros: - Free breakfast and lunch
- Good WLB

Cons: Large organization can lead to lesser agility sometimes. This has improved greatly over the years but with the growing breadth of the organization, it can lead to being blindsided sometimes.
Advice: Encourage 2nd level managers and group heads to meet with Individual contributors 1:1 (covering at least a sampling from all regions of North America)....I see that there's no interaction at all beyond the L1 manager and that could blindside the organization sometimes.
Pros: Excellent work environment, leadership shows empathy, outstanding rewards and appreciation

Cons: There are not a lot of cons that I have come across yet. I would say for my position a lot of the problems you solve are the same 5-10 problems about 90% of the time.
Advice: None
Pros: 4 weeks off starting out, 15 days vacation + 5 Personal days. Managers care about Employee advancement and will assist you in developing your career. Almost every position can be done work from home and they supply their employees with all the equipment to do so.

Cons: I have not experienced any,
Advice: Keep up the great work, you're doing an OUTSTANDING job!!
Pros: Even during these difficult times, SAP has stayed committed to the promises that it made to it's employees before the pandemic started. A lot of other companies would have altered those promises based on the current state of the country and economy, but SAP has stayed true and then some! I love my job and I love SAP!!

Cons: Sometimes not innovative enough. Old-school management styles and development approaches slow down company progress.  Distances with virtual colleagues and the need for remote collaboration makes work a bit more challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent culture, very collaborative. Smart people with solid credentials, but without some of the attitude /chip on the shoulder you see at some Valley companies.  Allows flexibility to move around within the company, whether across functions or geographies.  Cash compensation is among best in the valley with a good chance for work-life balance.

Cons: Legacy code base is what brought SAP to this stage.  It also presents unique challenges with respect to nimbleness in innovation which is required for SAP to retain its leadership role in the enterprise market..
Advice: Figure out a way to spin off smaller units that can become trail blazers in selected market segments to spawn additional sources of revenue.
Pros: Good culture, Employee friendly, Good overall package including benefits, and sundry perks including lunch. Plenty opportunities to work in different functions,

Cons: I bought into the work life balance, great place to work hype and was excited about  being a SAP employee until they abruptly eliminated my position.
Advice: In your haste to re-position SAP as a cloud company you overlooked a lot of employees that have a lot of valuable experience.
Pros: I worked for Sybase which was acquired by SAP and I was excited to be working for a leader in the enterprise software space. It seemed like a great opportunity.

Cons: None that I've seen.                                         
Great company to work at.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and values and teamwork.
A lot of technical summit held every year; also there are many useful sessions shared by peers.
Lunch provided, Gym also provided.

Cons: Post acquisition, SAP has no concept of cloud technologies nor how to support.  Successfactors had great company culture, good management and leadership.  All this is gone and is handcuffed by outdated infrastructure and tools - taking far too long to get tasks done.
Advice: Your best and brightest are leaving or have left.  Invest in current management training and leadership.  Not just warm bodies to fill the open roles.
Pros: Generous benefits, PTO.  Autonomy, ability to work remote, supplemented public commuting expenses.

Cons: Being in a such large company, it can be overwhelming at first. But take this is as an advantage instead.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a large organization which gives you the freedom to learn and grow in many areas during our careers. At SAP, you never stop learning as the company is always reinvesting themselves by finding ways how to help business run at their best.

Cons: If you want a really "easy" job, this probably isn't the place for you. You will have to put in some long hours, but your extra work is recognized and rewarded well.
Advice: Keep giving millennials opportunities within the company!
Pros: There is an incredible amount of mobility within SAP, which I love. Anything you want to do and anywhere you want to work seems possible in this company, because people genuinely want to see you succeed and be happy.

Cons: Sometimes can still be a good old boy network although the company is trying to change this with a focus of appointing more women to leadership positions. Can also get bogged down at times in complex processes and bureaucracy .
Advice: Run simple and continue to make strides in changing the perception of the good old boy network.
Pros: For the most part, a great culture with very smart and passionate people. Fast paced environment with work-life flexibility. Benefits are great also.

Cons: Silos are a big challenge. It's a natural part of being a big company, but it can get political when not managed with smart leadership.
Advice: This company is constantly changing, there should be a better innate change management mentality from all leadership around the globe.
Pros: It's like family working here: it's safe to be your authentic self; we get in arguments and things are complicated &amp; messy sometimes, but the starting point is always a mutual love &amp; respect for wanting the best.

Cons: You must be on your game to work here so no time to slack off. Complex sales cycle and services but constant training. Work/life balance needs constant adjusting.
Advice: You're doing great! Stay focused on keeping our corporate culture so special.
Pros: Very employee (and client) centric company. Incredible focus on employee contentment, diversity, support, benefits, etc. Not perfect but pretty darn close with a genuine concern for our work "family". Best company I have ever worked for.

Cons: Under DBS finding a project can be a challenge.
Self-initiative is required to make our career. 
Traveling can be hectic and health issues
Advice: Please work with resources and groom them and make them experts in particular areas rather than just asking to work on anything to get billable.
Pros: SAP has great benefits and close enough to match companies like Google, Microsoft, etc.
Freedom to work and learn
Helpful people and lots of online training available to learn.

Cons: Reorganization underway which has been stressful for multiple teams. At times limited by internal complexity.
Advice: Keep the focus on your people so they can keep their focus on customers.
Pros: SAP is the kind of place where you are willing to do a tough job because of the people you work with. Outstanding group of people, positive culture, with wonderful opportunities to grow and perform. With extremely few exceptions, every single employee is willing to go above and beyond to help one another and customers.

Cons: SAP still has a gap between its effort to provide a better working place to employees and what it is in reality. Company will get there at some point. The effort to move to new technologies is adding to pressure on employees. So - people are working harder. But - the effort will be worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is trying hard to give its employees a better working place. It is also pushing LOBs to adopt newer technologies.

Cons: Limited opportunities for advancement on the Pres-sales sid of the house.
Advice: We need to ensure that we remain competitive. We need to ensure that the products we sell are high on usability and have a consistent look and feel.
Pros: The people are SAP's greatest asset. I have found most of the people to be kind, considerate, team players. Not back-stabbing opportunists as I experienced with Oracle. SAP is high on mentoring, sharing information and ensuring that we are all well educated.

Cons: Very political due to the size. So much time wasted in e-mail and meetings and simple synching up and info sharing. Reorgs happen like clockwork every 6-12 months. Working at home has its lonely downsides.
Advice: None
Pros: Telecommuting very common, so very flexible work hours. Company is doing well financially, and that results in a warm paternalistic atmosphere which reminds me of college. Find the right niche and you can make a very comfortable work-life balance for yourself.

Cons: No career growth, too many senior managers and no direction from Senior Management on career options. So most people get stuck in same position for years
Advice: Team Leads should be more knowledgeable about the product, team member strengths, so they can better guide the team members. Also think about making career options same for any geographical location. Currently it is only open for PA and CA
Pros: Great compensation, life / work balance

Cons: - Compensation is just average, you have to negotiate to get better pay
- Unclear on how to move up in the company, internal bureaucracy is a thing
Advice: - Be clear on why people get promotion and how, be open to new faces
Pros: - Great culture
- Some good training for employees 
- The work involve a wide number of users. if you want to make impact on a big scale this is the place to do it.

Cons: Can get stuck for many years in the same project working with old technologies if located in a small office.
Small offices do not share a proportionate amount of perks as big offices.
Advice: Be more clear about direction. Less emails, shorter ones and more focus about what need to be done.
Pros: Good salary and freedom to develop your career if you are working on the right projects.
Good opportunities to work in different locations and travel if one likes it.

Cons: Given SAP's size, there is a highly matrixed environment that can slow things down, but it also ensures initiatives are well thought out and professionally executed.
Advice: Continue culture of strong leaders, who can recognize, develop, and nurture talent.
Pros: SAP has the long standing relationship with its customers that give it a trusted advisor status that is a great asset.  Collaborative work culture filled with highly talented people who operate with high integrity.

Cons: Promotions are difficult. If you are not in the click you will not move up or get looks at new opportunities. Performance reviews can be more personal than business related. Errors in judgement are never forgot or forgiven, difficult to overcome once management has a set perception.
Advice: Make sure the little mafia's that develop are broken up. This culture will continue to keep quality employees from staying.
Pros: Good pay, great people for the most part

Cons: Senior vp turns over is high. Usually we spent more times to educate the about the product than relying on the senior executives to set vision and long term strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, and team work environment. Very good with work life balance. If you are on vacation, people don't expect you to read and reply emails. Although sometime you do reply for emergency situation.

Cons: Too much of project management work. Having a Technical background, I wanted to work more on the Business analysis side but most of the work I am involved in is project management related
Advice: The leadership at SAP is truly amazing. I have frequent meetings with my manager and give him regular updates about by day-to-day work
Pros: Work culture
My position and working with experienced people helps you learn so much
Flexibility in working with different teams
Teammates are really helpful 
Good work-life balance

Cons: Typical to any large company top down decisions can be made which affects daily work environment.  Polital scene can be a difficult to navigate.
Advice: Make sure that focus is on the customer, at a high level the strategy which is in place is accurate but at times pushing to quickly to deliver on this strategy leaving customers behind
Pros: Very collaborative company with many great benefits, such as good vacation and very flexible workplace.  Salary was competitive and received annual salary increases

Cons: You are expected to work very hard, and working for a big company can cause some people to feel a little lost. But this is in no way specific to SAP.
Advice: Continue to encourage employees to work hard and play hard and offer the awesome perks that make SAP a great place to work.
Pros: Great perks, great people, everyone works hard but also knows how to have fun and encourages others to do so as well. Overall just a great place to work.

Cons: Entrepreneurial spirit and growth at risk.  SAP investment in growth markets or innovation marginal compared to Concur.  Lack of clarity re integration in product roadmap, GTM plans and team orgs.  Flat to downward pressure on career growth.
Advice: Continue investment in SMB and Concur and SAP ERP product integration.  Provide structured career planning and integration for acquired companies to move into SAP roles.
Pros: Great sales centric culture, focus on remote/virtual productivity which is conducive to good work life balance.

Cons: There are literally no cons I can think of to working at SAP
Advice: Continue to keep everyone focused and informed. The management keeps us very well informed which is just great!
Pros: SAP cares about every employee
SAP offers more opportunities to grow and learn that any company I've worked for
Our benefits are exceptional
We all feel like we bring value to the company
The Management at SAP is FABULOUS!!

Cons: Can be stressful at times but that is with most jobs anyways.
Advice: Need to provide a structure where feedback can be given about current managers to upper managers.
Pros: Depending on the are you work in, it can be one of the best places to work for.  I have great work life balance and great team members to depend on. Management is not bad either.  Always look for ideas from team members and push them out across the teams.

Cons: Large company means gears sometimes slow to turn: changes take time to cascade.
Advice: I've been treated well by management in all of my roles here.  Continue investing in breaking down silos.
Pros: Excellent colleagues, great benefits, and the realization that family is incredibly important.  Company culture is distinctly European-- inclusive, worker-friendly, and flexible.  Full support for remote work in many positions.  It is easy, even encouraged, to switch careers, but still stay within the company.

Cons: Large company, if you are not proactive it may seem like you're a number.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, almost ridiculous compared to others.  I get unlimited sick for me and my family, 30 days of vacation and personal time, plus 10 holidays.
Insurance is offered and subsidized to a very reasonable level.
Opportunities are there for every employee.  I have seen management find an employee other positions when one does not exist in their organization.
Pay is top of the scale compared to similar.

Cons: Some incredibly long hours. management increasingly located in Germany (headquarters) which for people on the west coast can mean 6 am daily calls.
Advice: hire some truly diverse people to run your D&I office (2 white people from Germany is truly embarrassing), and start really, honestly, looking at promoting more women to senior management.
Pros: There are lots of great people at SAP, which, if you get the right team and manager, inspire and energize your day to day.

Cons: Reorganization underway which has been stressful for multiple teams. At times limited by internal complexity.
Advice: Keep the focus on your people so they can keep their focus on customers.
Pros: SAP is the kind of place where you are willing to do a tough job because of the people you work with. Outstanding group of people, positive culture, with wonderful opportunities to grow and perform. With extremely few exceptions, every single employee is willing to go above and beyond to help one another and customers.

Cons: Lots of leadership churn and constant reorganization.  The executive board structure is very odd and causes lots of conflict, confusion, and inefficiency.  Slow moving.
Advice: The amount of change is ridiculous.  Full board turnover.  3 CEOs in the last year.  Execution of integrating acquired assets is awful.
Pros: Great company that is well positioned in the market.  Good people everywhere.  Great benefits.

Cons: sometimes, there are some gap between different branches of line of products making things go in a slower pace than it could be - but it is getting better.
Advice: Keep on working on creating bridges between various SAP line of products and promote a "Collaborate first" mentality across the board (Really mean it)
Pros: Work life balance, Perks, compensation, co-workers, fun environment.. all into one.
THIS, if you really put your time and effort (as you should, since you're supposed to work).

Cons: Lack of mentorship. One needs to figure it out the way to navigate the bureaucracy. There is no clear career path.
Advice: There is no structured search for top talent within the company. Many parts of the organization seem disconnected from the rest, there is a lack of unified leadership.
Pros: Many perks (free food, good coffee, dry cleaners) and flexible hours (work form home is very common). Salaries are over the industry average.

Cons: - Lots of Red Tape
- "Boiler-room" type atmosphere
- "Whatever-it-takes" attitude for sales opportunities
- High pressure from management
- Countless middle-management and VP positions, easy to get lost in corporate structure
Advice: Remove the excess layers of middle-management and promote a better work-life balance. There is too much emphasis on devoting your life to work to be successful.
Pros: - Great Resume Recognition
- Excellent Training
- Excellent Career Advancement
- Great Internal Resources
- Good Benefit Structure (free lunch to employees)

Cons: Not many opportunities for advancement unless you are really visible. Work life balance can be a challenge as with most global companies.
Advice: Be more inclusive to a younger workforce and provide more opportunities for advancement. Invest in the training and development in employees (expand the HR organization).
Pros: Great colleagues and often times manager. Many employees work from home and few managers seem to complain. Like many Silicon valley companies, great on-site amenities.

Cons: It's a big company: prepare to navigate politics and work the system. SAP craves innovation but there are strict technical boundaries as to how a product is built (e.g. java only), which slows down some innovation efforts.
Advice: Lift barriers to innovation.
Pros: Potential impact of your work is great, because SAP has reach and muscles.
SAP takes care of its employees. Full benefits, vacations accumulate up to 5 weeks (at 10 year mark).

Cons: Some recent hires into senior positions diluted the culture.   Used to be a better place to work 5-6 years ago.    With Bill and Jim being so high up, the culture below has fallen apart.  Many excellent people are leaving.
Advice: Look at the upper management ranks (SVP level)  ---  Lack of leadership and empathy is prevalent!
Pros: Excellent compensation, the co-CEOs are phenomenal.

Cons: Germans come first. Having technical knowledge can actually hurt your career.
Advice: None
Pros: You can never be terminated. The benefits are great. The salary is OK. The work is interesting. Sadly much of this doesn't apply outside of Germany. The German employees are special to SAP. In the US the salaries are good and the benefits good. Other countries though don't bother.  Decent culture: green, ethical, etc.

Cons: Too much emphasis on SAP proprietary technologies.  Development offices are spread around the world, which an make it difficult when you need to work with someone outside your location.
Advice: Need more flexibility to move if you're not happy on your current project.  Company is losing good people.
Pros: Generally treats employees well.  Good pay and benefits.  There are interesting things to work on if you're in the right project.

Cons: The many job function and department silos can make it challenging to get things done, despite management's belief that people should feel empowered to make decisions.
Advice: Streamline overlapping job functions if the goal is to become a more agile work environment.
Pros: Great company to work for quality of life balance. Things change frequently, which keeps any job at the company interesting. Great compensation and benefits. Management is excellent in communicating information to the workforce. Vast amount of training opportunities.

Cons: Large company can be political at times, lost in the shuffle.  It is difficult for your voice to be heard at a large organization, can be difficult to make change.
Advice: Do not simply promote people when there's open headcount - find a strategy for middle level managers who earn their keep.
Pros: Benefits, vacation, friendly company culture, work with smart people.  SAP has the best company culture I have seen where people treat you with respect and are extremely helpful.

Cons: The open seating can sometimes be distracting. There is a lot of information to absorb from emails, so it takes some getting used to. Sometimes there are too many meetings and end up missing some.
Advice: None
Pros: Easily get help from colleagues, great training and information sources to reference when doing my job, i can forget my lunch and it's okay because there's a cafeteria, and the opportunity to grow is very present. Can't forget the coffee - endless supply.

Cons: Like any large company, there can be many layers when working on projects. Tremendous resistenace to change from employees of aquired companies.
Advice: Keep making SAP an amazing place to work. Pay close attention to attitudes of employees -- negativity is a virus.
Pros: Good salary and amazing benefits. A company that truly supports its employees and offers many avenues for development for those who are willing to put in the work.

Cons: Sadly the bean counters have taken over at what was once a great Technology company. Now , favoritism and nepotism rule career growth. I would give SAP 5 years at best to survive. It is going the i2 route, obsolete and incompetent.
Advice: Too much Nepotism and favoritism at leadership/VP level. This is leading to incompetence in customer service and delivery. Listen to your customer facing architects .
Pros: SAP used to be great fro education but not anymore.

Cons: There's a fair amount of administrative inertia that happens, tons of rules, and everyone wants to have a say in everything... it sometimes creates a drag on progress when there are too many meetings to talk about things.
Advice: None
Pros: There's a lot of freedom to identify market needs, make things that actually match what people tell you they want.

Cons: BE WARNED: if you accept a job as an Application Specialist here thinking it's a day job with normal (7-9am start and 4-6pm end), you might end being mistaken. Management hires separately for the night shift on support, but does not hire separately for second (swing) shift. So, upon being hired as an Application Specialist, there is a chance you will be put on an unusual shift requiring working until late at night and/or on weekends -- for an undetermined amount of time, often a year or more. Working on a swing shift does not come with a pay increase, though obviously it comes with a lot of added stress both personally and professionally.

Management overall is poor in the Support department. Within the department, it can be very confusing and frustrating to understand how to "move up." Management is very cagey and stubborn about title or pay increases. While there is an official set of expectations in terms of how to be promoted within the department, management tends to delay or insist you "aren't quite there yet." Employees accept harder, more complicated work without title or pay increases in the hopes (and sometimes, with assurances from management) that the title or pay increases will come in the future. Some end up working months or more than a year without seeing the promotion.

Support department management often had a hostile attitude towards employees that can create a toxic, tense, and needlessly stressful work environment. Some fellow coworkers of mine have described it as being similar to a "high school" environment in which employees are treated like misbehaving children. Almost everyone works incredibly hard, but the department seems to be perpetually understaffed, and this gap between work to be done and number of workers is not treated empathetically by management but rather as a fault of the workers.
 
It often felt like the Support department was stuck in a limbo state between being a call center (think Comcast) or a more typical support/application consulting department in a tech company. This can end up being quite frustrating as an employee -- especially in the earlier stages of working on Support, your job is very numbers-driven, and you will be strongly expected to handle a certain number of support cases per hour. Simultaneously, there is a strong expectation for Support employees to become more like "consultants" in terms of having in-depth knowledge of highly technical concepts and processes. As you might imagine, it is stressful to feel stretched by two seemingly opposing sides: I need to close X cases today but I also need to handle this very complicated and technical case that would truly require hours of research to grasp. Other parts of the company often felt at odds with support rather than on the same team, adding to the sense of pressure to do things both quickly and perfectly.
Advice: 1. Attitude and communication. I think a major attitude shift and communication revamp is needed. The attitude with which management approaches working with their employees is not grounded in mutual respect, growth, and positivity. Too often "that's just the job" is used as an excuse to avoid real growth or change departmentally. Yes, working support anywhere is a tough job, but the morale and working environment of Support at Fieldglass is unusually bad compared to similar companies.

2. Treat employees with greater empathy and understanding.

3. Hire separately for non-standard shifts. You currently have separate job postings used for night shift vs. day shift. Candidates should know roughly what the working hours are of the job they're applying to in an office job. Again, why is there a separate job posting for night shift support and not for second/swing shift support?
Include more women in management. Women are fairly well-represented in other departments in Fieldglass, but the Support department often felt dominated by men, both in official management roles and in unofficial internal roles.

4. Create transparent standards for the different positions/titles within Support and hold yourselves accountable to those standards. In other companies, moving from "first level" end user support to "second level" power user (PMO in Fieldglass terms) is a promotion that comes with a pay increase and title change. The work is significantly different, more complicated, and requires more consultant skills. There should be clearly documented and, more importantly, FOLLOWED plans for this promotion, and it should be driven by employee growth and aptitude rather than staffing needs.

5. Accept mistakes as learning opportunities. Whether intentionally or not, you have instilled a culture where many employees are absolutely terrified of making mistakes. Your employees are human beings, many of them in their first job out of college, and should be treated with empathy.
Pros: High profile clients, good coworkers

Cons: Sometimes the bureaucracy can be frustrating, but this is common in large companies like SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a great place to work for 3 reasons: the people, the company itself, and the industry. The people I work with at SAP are innovative and motivated about their job and software. The company has a great work life balance, compensation, 401k, and medical plans. The software industry has great positive outlook and SAP has positioned itself well in the industry.

Cons: In a large company, the communication process can be challenging.
Advice: Take the time to know your direct reports fully so that their talents can be leveraged in the organization.  Sometimes an untapped resource is hiding in plain sight.
Pros: One of my favorite things about working at SAP is the number of opportunities available to employees.  Personal development within your role and as a person is encouraged and opportunities for exploring your development and interests are incredible.

Cons: Pay is average. Does not take seriously young talent. stuck in their ways. need to improve and build products. Software, applications &amp; products is the motto but it is not followed. is turning into a marketing company without new products.
Advice: Listen to developers and listen to young talent.
Pros: Is a German company so some of those German company benefits translate over. Decent amount of vacation time, pay is average. Make your own career environment.

Cons: Poor compensation at the higher levels. Dogmatic adherence to Scrum. Work is driven by the Product org with little regard to engineering requirements.
Advice: You're hemorrhaging talent. Take a look at why.
Pros: There is a lot of work. ML, Mobile, Web, Infrastructure, APIs. Whatever you want to work on, there's a team for it. Teams get to choose whatever tech they want to get the job done. Work/life balance is heavy on the life side.

Cons: Wildly complex company,  rapid change creates feeling of always having to relearn processes and organization.
Advice: Continue to reduce complexity and create transparency within the company and processes to better facilitate performance.
Pros: Flex time and flex space: work from home often and can often set my own schedule. Competitive pay. Many career opportunities within one company so you can grow your career without having to lose momentum by switching companies.

Cons: The only con is that it is so big, it can be confusing knowing who needs to be part of a collaboration to avoid duplicate work.
Advice: Provide solid pillars through the company that people can relate their position to so that it's easier to determine who needs to be part of certain discussions/collaboration efforts - to avoid duplicate work efforts, etc.
Pros: Career growth, Diversity, Sustainability, Innovation and so much more.

Cons: Since SAP has acquired concur, i felt the culture had changed and not for the best.
Advice: None
Pros: I've worked in their offices in london, seattle and paris. Since i've left, a big part of the projects have been moved to seattle. My team got fired overnight basically. Though i had a great time working for this company and met very interesting people. The seattle office is awesome. The projects are very interesting and many opportunities to switch team to learn something new

Cons: Big company politics sometimes mess with priorities in unexpected ways. A good manager is able to shield their team from a lot of this and setup reasonable expectations for what their team can accomplish.
Advice: None
Pros: I'm on a great team, with a great manager. We have reasonable timelines for projects and we are heard if issues arise that push out deadlines. Overall its a great place to work, I have a great work/life balance and I feel compensated fairly.

Cons: in certain areas career is limited, not much focus on people development, cumbersome internal processes, work load and travel can be extensive at times
Advice: put more effort into people development
Pros: working independently, allows you to pick your areas of interest in the particular field you are working in, every day is different with work task, so it gets never boring. Depending on job, you get to travel all over the world.

Cons: Often lack of team work on accounts, complex organization, account assignments often unequitable
Advice: New and emerging technologies require different sales metrics when trying to expand market awareness and position prior to more mature adoption and revenue flow.  It is unfair for sales to not have other metrics than revenue and pipeline when you have widely varying market adoption and may be locked into less progressive account group.
Pros: good people and products, exceedingly confident in solutions

Cons: The last month and a half I spent fixing bugs because there was no other new work for an intern to do.  Though maybe that is just common for interns at companies...
Advice: None
Pros: As an intern there was a big event where we got to travel to Seattle and other fun events during the internship.  Also got put on a project for the first month and a half which was much more fun than what followed afterwards.

Cons: Managers very mixed in skill level and behaviours. Often hard to feel part of future when restructuring is so unsettling and managers do not know where they are going. Very political environment.
Advice: Weed out weaker managers and develop leaders who will stand for their people
Pros: Top management want to do the right thing and improve the working lives of all staff. Technology still makes a great difference for customers

Cons: Quick pivots can leave people behind.  Executives make binary adjustments (e.g. robust travel to customers, trainings, conventions || stop all non-customer travel and trim way back on travel to customers) instead of fine tuning as they go forward.
Advice: Use those great mgt reporting tools, fine tune continuously, and respect your workers.
Pros: Great back office support.  Great products and massive investment in development.  Well-respected in the market place.  Generous health benefits.

Cons: You work extra hard at times, but it's worth it!
Advice: Keep on listening to your employees and leading the way for women leadership in the workplace
Pros: Fabulous flexibility - work from where you need; collaborate with co-workers all around the world; great benefits; the company listens to their employees; easy to move up and laterally throughout the company; great leadership including CEO and board; supports family life (rare with big corporations)

Cons: Change takes time and in particular lasting change.  However, i believe we are on the right path that will lead to success.
Advice: remain focused on head-on accountability and visibility
Pros: 18 months ago our direction for success was not crystal clear. The new technical and business leadership changes made in the past 12 months put us on the path to even greater success in the T&amp;E business. I am very excited about what is happening here...

Cons: I was an extremely successful executive which was let go for  discriminatory basis and then not paid wages,commission and bonus earned for retaliatory  reasons that continue to happen. Management and its leaders are accomplices to this perpetual hostile and abusive environment that is also rewarded.
Advice: Lead by example and lead without prejudice and by true company people policy. Be fair across the board  when dealing with people no matter what the situation at hand maybe. Practice in what you preach in being a company for all people globally.
Pros: Excellent products and solutions. Fair compensation and benefits.

Cons: External IT support was challenging, however, I received a survey 1 week after IT set up to share feedback.
Advice: Keep up the great work! Keep hiring more talented women into rep and leadership roles.
Pros: The resources and the number of software capabilities at SAP are amazing. 
440,000 customers! 
Culture is awesome.
Leadership is kind, approachable.
People are smart, kind, fun, cool, down to earth.
Compensation is competitive
SAP Newport Beach Office is gorgeous
Teams are supportive
Benefits are great

Cons: constant re-orgs (new boss every year is quite common), change happens slowly in some cases, and other times seems we are jumping from thing to thing to thing
Advice: i get the need for constant re-orgs but it's really disruptive (not the good kind of disruptive).  Maybe someday you'll nail down the right structure so that things can stay stable for a few years?
Pros: flexibility, work life balance, diversity, generous pay and benefits. I really enjoy working here

Cons: Acquired company managers try to impose their own rules. No 360 degree feedback. Incompetent managers stay. Manager too busy developing their career within other SAP groups. Some teams run like personal fiefdoms of managers. Looks like the company doesn't want to change anything. I resigned . Didn't even receive a final pay stub, no exit interview which implies they really don't care.
Advice: Introduce 360 feedback.
Pros: Excellent workplace environment. Great benefits.

Cons: - if you work in their prop. technology, it is too easy to develop app and you wont move outside your comfort zone
Advice: - reflect company vission of making better software throughout the teams and manage talented people with proper recognition and oppurtunity to grow within the company
Pros: - lot of learning oppurtunities
- customers from all kinds of industries
- focus on new prod & tech
- free lunch :)

Cons: Flat hierarchy means lengthy time between promotions with only small "payoffs" on the way.  That said, promotions are a HUGE thing.
Advice: Keep the transparency going!
Pros: Smart people
Close connection with managers
Great work/life balance -- flexibility to work from anywhere
Recent management turnover in marketing has resulted in quicker management decisions, more productivity, better work
Opportunities for to move within the company in order to find a new challenge or the right role
Opportunities to take a short-term assignment in another locale/abroad

Cons: Advancement is tough, but available for the people who excel, and who are dedicated to their work.  Pay used to be very high, but has changed for some groups.
Advice: Grow your circle of talent for Succession Planning.  The people to drive the team forward aren't always the obvious choices.
Pros: Excellent leadership, opportunities for the dedicated, great benefits and pay, and the best and the brightest to work with.

Cons: Management is concentrated in Walldorf,, so unless you are very well networked or have had the opportunity to work in Walldorf you may be limited for upper management positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is growing and establishing itself as a cloud player. Opportunities abound for those willing to stretch themselves out of their comfort zone. Work environment is good and working from home options are available depending on the organization you belong to. Excellent place to learn how to work in a large global environment.

Cons: Too many systems and processes that are ever changing. Create pathways for success not systems or processes that slow down success.
Advice: You have the best cloud products in the world. Don't screw them up with taking the incentives away from sales people. Either you pay them or someone else will.
Pros: The sky is the limit as far as opportunity. They really want you to be a top performer and give you a ton of tools to ensure you get there.

Cons: Technical debts. Data center operations lack of automation, not like a real cloud company. Bureaucracy brought in by acquired company and SAP.
Advice: Get rid of a few rotten tomatoes. Lead SAP toward Cloud business rather than got dragged back by SAP legacy.  Investing on tech infrastructure more.
Pros: Used to be great culture. Dedicate Engineers, Sales and Supports. Very business driven. Customers are happy with our produce and service. Flexible work from home schedule.

Cons: If you want to "hide" here, forget it - you'll be very busy and accountable (don't know if that's a con!)
Access to systems to do your job can be a pain (lots of authorizations needed so you have to be patient and persistent)
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: It's a very successful company
Intelligent hard working people
They care about their employees (really shines through if you get sick)
Flexible working conditions
Competitive pay and equity programs

Cons: Came to SAP through an acquisition, we were mainly viewed as the "step children" which made it difficult to get anything accomplished.  None of the issue that were occuring had ever been solved because they legacy SAP employees did not understand the space, but they did not take the recommendations provided
Advice: Trust the people from companies you acquire, you wanted those businesses for a reason
Pros: Great flexibility, co-workers were nice, good employee activities to engage in volunteering and community work

Cons: The never ending - all consuming drive for quarterly revenue can come at the cost of long term right decisions for our customers, employees and reputation of company solutions and services.
Advice: Overall very good performance. Stop promoting mangers based on delivering revenue over good business. Promote individuals that motivate and cultivate a long term success.
Pros: Rock solid technology, constant innovation. Most company divisions are led by creative and driven managers, with dedicated problem solvers striving for team success.

Cons: High tech industry is very fast paced with lots of challenges daily. If you don't like that type of environment then it would not be for you.
Advice: None
Pros: The people, talent and the all inclusive culture are just a few of the reasons I really love working at SAP. If you like a fast paced environment with lots of growth potential than I would highly recommend SAP. The benefits are great and salary is market comparable.

Cons: Overwhelming politics at mid/senior level, not a place for A graders, stagnant, too many reorgs and finally - young achievers stay away!
Advice: Stop focussing so much on “tenure” with SAP when it comes to opportunities and promotions. You end up rewarding the rusts while good ones flee.
Pros: Good W/L balance, easy to stay afloat and get decent pay for it, good campus, onsite gym, life is easy of you can get along in the team

Cons: Not a con- but you need to jump right in, and invest the time to learn the culture and operations of the company
Advice: Continue to lead with professionalism and by example- it is a core part of who we are.
Pros: Leadership, overall employee benefits, career path, SAP is a culture that embraces growth, development and they create opportunities for their employees to add value

Cons: No management transparency, random promotions with no explanations, false promises regarding
Advice: Please tell your employees what's going on, why they were/were not moved up to other positions or titles. Give clear goals. Respond to all of your employee's emails. We all feel left in the dark about everything. Management is the worst part about this job.
Pros: Atmosphere, Benefits, Bonus, Great overall company to work for. They treat their employees very well.

Cons: Re-org as band aid.  The Peter Principal is alive and well.  No transparency.
Advice: Management is trying to turn ship to the future.  Good! That doesn't mean that ppl older than 35 are redundant in non-executive positions. That is an undercurrent. Mid-level management is not held accountable. Nepotism is real and noted.
Pros: Smart, dedicated people. Potential to come out as a contender for digital leadership because there is a desire among employees to see it.

Cons: Matrixed team structures and product offerings can sometimes be complicated and slow down work progress.
Advice: Keep up the great work! Your leadership is inspiring.
Pros: SAP is a special place. It is filled with smart, collaborative and kind people. The culture here is like none other. Employees are encouraged to constantly develop skills, ask questions and innovate. Compensation and benefits are highly competitive. Everyone's voice is respected. I feel so fortunate to be a part of this company!

Cons: on my team it's looking like upward mobility is not easy to come by and something to consider when accepting a position in any team within SAP Concur.
Advice: keep being awesome and making your employees feel valued and appreciated... kept me here 6 years and will keep me here 6 more.
Pros: the people i work with are so awesome i find that i don't want to leave my department. the pay is good and benefits are good.

Cons: If the industry vertical to which you are assigned hasn't embraced digital transformation you will likely struggle to hit quota.  If it has embraced digital transformation you will likely exceed quota even if you don't fully do your job.
Advice: Find a way to make the territory assignments more equitable either by distributing accounts more fairly or aligning quotas in a more realistic manner.
Pros: Great solutions with great supporting infrastructure for the sales teams.

Cons: Did not work out well with manager. If you disagree with said manager they had it out for you and see to it that you did not continue to work for the company. Manager was caught in several lies but since GA is a right to work state HR allow the manager to fire employee.
Advice: When employee has a complaint against a manager hear them out and not just take the managers word.
Pros: Great company and work life balance.

Cons: Not great at recognizing entrepreneurial or innovative talent; Most roles are highly specialized, so individual accountability, creativity, and initiative is not a strong part of the team culture
Advice: Consider how other tech giants are creating culture that is fast moving and dynamic. Otherwise, move over IBM, but another ex-giant is coming though...
Pros: Work-life balance; Nice offices; shows concern for employees; many convenient perks or tools available to employees

Cons: -&gt; Some areas are silo minded and it is hard to find resources sometimes because it is a large company
Advice: 
Pros: -&gt; Subsidized lunch
-&gt; Large global network of employees and you get to meet and network with people all around the world
-&gt; Telecommuting and remotely working allows you to balance your time and life and how you want to work
-&gt; The company is constantly changing and coming up with new ways to do things

Cons: Sales & Marketing are king, techies are underpaid grunts for the business (< 20% of billings).  Very slow to get promoted and differentiate yourself, especially if pigeon-holed into a non-fitting role.  Job descriptions are almost meaningless.
Advice: Pay the people who do the real work and suffer from your bad decisions/ management "musical chairs".
Pros: If you love tech and don't mind supporting business (IT) as a career path.  Flat, open culture.

Cons: Company highly compensate top performers and as a result, work life balance is often the most talked about challenge for the workforce.
Advice: None
Pros: company has a fairly flat hierarchy where each position allows you to get exposure of many roles.  In that sense, company is unusual compared to traditional US corporate culture.

In the past 5 years, company has become very customer focus.  For highly motivated employees, this is the place with upward mobility.

Cons: Extremely Eurocentric when I comes to adoption of new ideas.  Too many middle managers that do NOT add any real value.  Lack of diversity and the "good ole boy" network is truly in effect
Advice: Instead of mainly promoting individuals you like; try promoting those that are actually qualified into positions that matter.
Pros: Good benefits, training, and growth opportunity--as long as your on a visible team that is well promoted by its manager

Cons: As in any big company - organizational complexity is the biggest issue I've seen. Also, Sometimes work / life balance can be challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, principled company, solid technology, and strong vision. People are hardworking and passionate, and there is an atmosphere of trust. Truly global company with lots of interaction with colleagues around the world. Great benefits and commitment to people's development and diversity. Overall, great place to work.

Cons: Conflicting company values and strategic direction. Internal processes make it virtually impossible to get anything accomplished. Leadership cares more about the font and color used in a Power Point slide than the content.
Advice: Take a queue from Microsoft and eliminate a few middle layers of management.
Pros: Many 'virtual' roles offer flexible work/life balance. My role requires me to travel 2-3 days per week and then work from home. The compensation package is very competitive as well.

Cons: HR is very MIA. I rarely received help, and they showed no urgency is fixing payroll issues. If you have a bad manager, you're stuck. Finding a full-time opportunity after an internship is extremely difficult for marketers.
Advice: None
Pros: Working with two different teams at SAP, you're given a lot of freedom and responsibility to find your own marketing solutions for projects. If you're a self-starter that's comfortable working on their own time, a marketing role here is for you.

Cons: It seems to be difficult to get into the company straight out of college. More early talent programs would be beneficial in achieving the goal of getting more young talent hired.
Advice: None
Pros: The ability to work remotely,  have a good work-life balance and still grow in your career are the greatest pros in my personal opinion. This ranges per position but in my experience, I have been able to find a role where these are very achievable.

Cons: There are not Cons, but if I need to say something could be that some times we have conference calls late in order to catch people in the other side of the world.  but this is not very often.
Advice: They are doing great job, keeping us informed and motivated.
Pros: In addition to good salaries and benefits, the environment is great. Everybody has the same chip of enthusiasm and positivism and make our work much more pleasant.

Cons: When reorganizing, if you are not a German, you’ll have to figure it out; big lack of pro-active re/in-placement approach
Advice: Don’t be only loyal to Germans that are &gt; 25 years in the company: Plan your talent above director level instead instead of losing them; if you really want change, protect the new entries from the old rebels that don’t want to change; you stepped back since Bill McDermott left
Pros: Healthcare package, European feel, remote work support

Cons: SAP is currently on an external hiring freeze due to the harsh economic times.  I wish the headquarters were in center city Philadelphia.
Advice: As a premier software corporation they should use or develop some sort of application that manages all their partner data, instead of using Excel spreadsheets
Pros: Working at SAP as an intern can help you grow as a young professional providing you with great experience and as well as a technical skillset.  Free sodas!

Cons: Size and complexity of management level. Who is taking accountability isnt really a strength. Need to focus more on client and less on internal satisfaction. Too many managers.
Advice: Lean the company on management side. Redce the overlapping responsibilitis. Good efforts have been taken at the beginning of 2009. Keep this up.
Pros: SAP is a great company to work for, despite its size and sometimes attitude. 
Good compensation. Good opportunity to grow. Very international. Friendly work environment.

Cons: Work life balance is not very good. Too many people that do no work but in administrative roles.
No adequate training and no focus on personal/career development
Advice: Improve work life balance of the employees. Check the employee pulse more often and ensure that they are trained. Reduce micromanagement on services/reports and focus on more value.
Pros: Good benefits and perks in company
Strong work ethics 
A good product and passionate people in thecompany
Depending on the team, the dynamics can be good or bad.

Cons: it offers relatively low salary as compared to market. Once the first contract is made, it's so difficult to raise salary despite high performance every year
Advice: more coordination is needed for the initiatives between groups. some teams are driving their idea and too many technology is used and invested.
Pros: great diversity, respect to each other's culture and different ideas. 
opportunity to learn and explore other area if you are in the consulting

Cons: -Lots of different systems to log in to and hard to keep track of all of them
-
Advice: Try to minimize all the systems we have to log in to.
Pros: -They don't track time off, you know your work-life balance and work with your manager for time off. They really value work-life balance
-Very business casual. At the Minnetonka office you can wear jeans and a sweatshirt to work!
-Free lunches on Wednesdays
-Free Fruit & Veggie Fridges

Cons: No proper product strategy in place. The products are slow, buggy, and lack ideas. What is alarming is that the company is filled with unqualified management that is slowly rusting the company.
Advice: Hire top management talent across the organization to light the fire and once again make SuccessFactors a leader not a laggard.
Pros: Nice workplace with good amenities and benefits. The CEO is courageous and is a great leader.

Cons: 1. Work-life balance;
2. Gradual fight for margins washes out talented individuals replacing them with average ones and as a result overall drive and motion reduction;
3. Innovative approach need to be revamped.
Advice: Talented people are the major value. Try not to loose them.
Pros: 1. Still the #1 in MIS an Enterprise Software business.
2. A lot of opportunities for training and self development.
3. Good benefits and compensation programs

Cons: This is not really a con but a reality working at SAP.  Most positions require travel and a lot of it.  If you like to stay in one place SAP may not be your cup of tea.
Advice: Keep trying to figure out ways to improve the work/life balance.
Pros: If you like a multi-cultural work experience you will love SAP.  They value all their employees.  And the bonuses are very nice.

Cons: suggest working in the software area or you will not be relevant (e.g. services is not as important)
hugely process oriented - very slow to respond
a lot of churn in the sales area
virtual team - con is that if you are new that going into the office gets you nothing as almost everyone is virtual.
Advice: None
Pros: smart people
innovative technology
recently introduced cloud solutions (are late to game but catching up quickly)

Cons: Most of products are home grown, a little bit off from the new technologies which are popular outside the company. Two many re-org. which sometimes cause big overhead. There are two many layers on the management structure.
Advice: Stay focused, and avoid too frequent strategy changes.
Pros: It is very large well run company, very stable with good benefit, such as various resource to get training,  flexible working hour, and free lunch. Great working environment in Palo Alto Campus.

Cons: Bonus plans & goals don't get finalized until late Q1. Performance metrics are generic and arbitrary 

Annual sales team shuffle and management changes leads to confusing q1

Everyone is a "director" but if not in sales not sure what they do
Advice: Make metrics & goals more relevant to individual not just form to mark complete for HR
Pros: Free lunch, gym, good benefits, stock plans

Good internal training on solutions and job function related topics 

Great company events

Cons: Too many meetings- but that's a standard corporate thing. As the company grew, the small work environment got emitted with SAP's and it became harder to deal with processes.
Advice: Better integration methods with the larger company in order to retain the work culture and positive environment without getting stuck into sales driven processes.
Pros: Great place to work. People are very friendly. Best job I ever had. Learned a lot in 5 years and hopefully can keep moving up.

Cons: Lacking in basic sales resources.  Surprisingly little is documented and there's no one to help you navigate SAP.  Something as simple as processing an order can take weeks and weeks.  Very frustrating.
Advice: Invest in someone to help salespeople sell and not get stuck doing basic admin work.
Pros: Has some fantastic cloud properties/products like Concur, SuccessFactors and Hybris. Senior management is top notch. Lot's of opportunities to learn new things.

Cons: A challenge to move up in this organization.    Whether you are over your number or not, management is often very biased on their "friends" getting hired and giving preferential treatment.   Very low morale.    Complex selling is mainly related to the internal hurdles (managing spreadsheets) rather than dealing with the customer.
Advice: Get new leadership!
Pros: Great money if you get the right accounts

Cons: Some changes after the SAP acquisition. Learning to navigate a larger organization with a slightly different culture takes some getting used to.
Advice: Value those with knowledge who helped build this company. They know best where opportunities to improve lie and how to be most successful dealing with prospects, customers and internal employees.
Pros: Start-up with a wonderful family culture and the ability to build something you can be proud of--a great SaaS Talent Management Software offering.

Cons: Remote companies have a lot of loose ends in the business processes (e.g. communication on hiring, promotions, etc.) 

Lots of work to be shared across the board. Also, the sales folks rule the company,
Advice: Better transparency with interpersonal profession relationships. Who has authority over whom and why.
Pros: Pay is nice. The defined progression eases you into the project management profession. The perks are also a plus: Free lunches, very generous vacation time, free certification and SAP training.

Cons: Remote companies have a lot of loose ends in the business processes (e.g. communication on hiring, promotions, etc.) 

Lots of work to be shared across the board. Also, the sales folks rule the company,
Advice: Better transparency with interpersonal profession relationships. Who has authority over whom and why.
Pros: Pay is nice. The defined progression eases you into the project management profession. The perks are also a plus: Free lunches, very generous vacation time, free certification and SAP training.

Cons: Management isn't local - all directives come from Germany. Not just a time difference, but a culture difference in how SAP operates day-to-day.  Just need to understand how the management hierarchy works and how communication flows back to HQ. Palo Also has lost some of it's political power in Development  when Vishal Sikha left a couple of years ago.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Technical Software products being developed and show-case campus located in Palo Alto near Stanford Campus.

Cons: still very hierarchical decision-making; hasn't integrated acquired companies well; poor products; not customer or user-centered (though trying)
Advice: Put more time, energy, money, effort into understanding users; ensure projects and product design are goal-based and not on the whims of people "higher up"; actually practice the Design Thinking you promote
Pros: creative people, fun work environment, great campus, flat organization, Fellowships offer the opportunity to try out other positions or other locations, good pay, free food, good work-life balance, design thinking

Cons: I honestly can't think of a negative of working for SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: I've been with SAP for almost 2 years. As a "millennial" I can't possibly think of a better company to work for. The sky is the limit at SAP. SAP encourages its employees to be innovative and to think outside of the box. If you are looking to work for a company that is fully committed to it's employees, SAP is the place for you!

Cons: None so far, job satisfaction is through the roof right now!
Advice: Leadership is sincere, thoughtful and down-to-earth; so very refreshing at a global software leader.  My advice...don't change a thing...full steam ahead.
Pros: Pro-employee culture, customer-centric service philosophy, OwnSAP program promotes employees having a stake in our company, very forward-thinking and globally conscious company.  Work is challenging and people are smart and thoughtful.  SAP promotes volunteering in the community, and sponsors many enabling opportunities.

Cons: Lack of effective processes.  Their software is super complex and they lacked cohesiveness in the way they operate.   They are super resistant to positive change...super slow to implement change.  There are some really great people that I have worked with there...and some not great at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice office location and they offer you some help with lunch.  They bring in lunch every Wednesdays.  Office is moving to either palo alto or san ramon.

Cons: Way too easy to get distracted by internal opportunities, as there can be too many to choose from at times. Some (extremely infrequent) friction between EU and US leadership
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing. Encourage remote work in order to increase your available talent pool.
Pros: They are making considerable inroads in understanding and recruiting veterans and supporting their transitions. Fantastic work/life balance. Global employee network that fees like everyone is just down the hall.

Cons: Less than a downside and a plus: There is a lot of information to help an associate and trying to understand what info is best to help one in their career.
Advice: None
Pros: Their is great collaboration and support from SAP peers and colleagues on the project. Everyone I work with is hard working and intelligent, knowing their area of expertise to support. I feel the appreciation from management and colleagues.

Cons: -Difficult to navigate such  a large company with tools and procedures
-Processes are slow
-Job  depends a lot on direct manager
Advice: Ensuring that managers are properly set up and educated  for employee success would be helpful for all managers
Pros: -Awesome work life balance
-Internal opportunities
-Ability to make the most of work with various programs
-Can find interesting work if searching
-Awesome and balanced culture for a large company
-Coaching and mentoring opportunities

Cons: I don't have any cons at this time.
Advice: Upper management should be more aware of what is happening with lower management as I think there are some situations that fall through the cracks that shouldn't.
Pros: Foster an environment for learning and growth.
Really emphasize and provide tools for work/life balance.
Truly make the employees feel valued.
Constantly finding ways to innovate and make things better/more efficient for clients.
Always finding ways to give back and support the community.
Great benefits.

Cons: Current Exec Leadership in Marketing is more interested in moving up the corporate ladder than focusing on the business. Entire organization has no faith in her leadership.  People are afraid to speak up.
Advice: Replace Exec Leadership in Marketing with someone who is not just interested in photo opportunities and sound bites that promote her hidden agenda.  Get someone in who understands how to run an integrated marketing organization with proven results to help sales.
Pros: Good products. Supports the needs of most enterprise customers. Good install base of customers. Should be easy to continue up selling.

Cons: Raleigh's satellite office got a little less love than expected. SAP began to loom over larger deals. Quadrant was something that was annoyingly lingering every day of your life (performance metrics).
Advice: Keep pushing for Raleigh recognition. Maintain Qualtrics culture if possible. Or spin SAP culture into Qualtrics without losing Q entirely.
Pros: Qualtrics was an incredible offering at the top of their class. Leadership was good, and it was clear they hired the high level talent.

Cons: - Being a big, established company, making change within the org takes a lot of time 
- As with any big corporation, office politics do come into play
Advice: None
Pros: - Opportunities for growth and development
- Lots of long-term employees
- Being a huge company, there are tons of different opportunities to try new things and move within the organization
- At least in my department, you maintain a good sense of autonomy and flexibility in crafting your day-to-day

Cons: There is nothing... There is a reason why they are at the top of the list yearly for AWESOME places to work.
Advice: None
Pros: I have never felt more appreciated and thankful to work at a large sized corporate company than I have at SAP. They go above and beyond to make sure you are taken care of and to let you know. I am so proud to work for them and enjoy the work I do.

Cons: Old company, huge company, some red/yellow tape to navigate. Not a start-up style experience and easy to get lost in. As a designer, its design language/style library is a bit too rigid.
Advice: You have untapped potential inside many of your employees and you're not great at letting them unleash it.
Pros: Flexible, stable, kind to its employees in both a professional and personal way, good place to try your hand at a lot of different kinds of stuff.

Cons: As with any large organization, there are several steps to go through to get some things done.
Advice: Continue to keep your eye on new innovation,  and continue to prioritize the health, wellbeing, and satisfaction of your employees.
Pros: SAP has a great brand, an inclusive culture, and people who are smart, engaged, collaborative, and friendly. I interact with many people within SAP for my job and I'm always impressed with the caliber of my colleagues.

Cons: The enterprise software market moves at a glacial pace, please be aware of that. This is a problem for the entrepreneur, especially when being located in the Silicon Valley.
Advice: Identify and nurture your employees willing to take risk and explore new things.
Pros: I regard the integrity and loyalty of SAP as a company. I've seen a lot out there, and transparency and honesty in this industry is not always valued (anymore).

Cons: - Tremendous low morale, at least, at the San Mateo/SSF office
- oblivious to technical challenges. Their solution is to throw more people at difficult to solve problems, and often incompetent or mediocre people.
- Difficult to hire in the San Mateo/SSF, being exacerbated by the high rate of attrition.
- As expected, projects are moving offshore to either Shanghai or Bangalore; not by choice, but by necessity. 
- The SAP acquisition only made matters worse
Advice: You have a tough road ahead. I hope you recognize it.
Pros: - Very strong Talent suite
- powerful sales machine. Able to sell vaporware better than any company I know.

Cons: not a bad pay I think,, well that is as far as I know.
too many layers and needs some cleaning up
Advice: Keep up the good work and make sure that HR works for employees...so far its know that HR is only for management and not employees...hopefully its a misconception
Pros: has some great management and has some not so great management
I have seen managers that are fantastic and managers that have not even the basic people skills...(forget management)

Cons: While succession planning and personal growth are a focus, the current leadership seems more interested in bringing in new talent than advancing the key internal candidates.
Advice: Keep up the good work, but find a way to promote excellent talent from within the organization
Pros: While every large company suffers the pains of growth and change, SAP has excellent people and teams in every area of the business as well as plenty of opportunity for exploring new roles.

Cons: i like to call it organized chaos that sometimes is frustrating, lack of organizational planning and constant quarterly demands on revenue attainment
Advice: minimize the amount of unnecessary change that takes people away from focusing on what is really important
Pros: the people, the product and the impact that we are having on the world, the global environment and the opportunities that are provided to work on cool things

Cons: Too big of a company at times had to go through a multitude of other departments to get anything done.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked out of the US headquarters which had a great culture. Very european and relaxed yet everybody was working hard. I worked as an intern and felt as though I was given meaningful work and was actually doing something for the company, a feeling most interns cannot resonate with.

Cons: Ego's- there can be a lot of large male egos that you need to work with, which adds an unecessary element of complexity to the job. sometimes it comes down to he who shouts the loudest and it blcoks progress and team work
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunites- it's up to you to drive your career. Opportunites are there to be taken, and those that drive and excel can take as many opportunities as they wish

Cons: Too complex. Frustrating, bureaucratic with a huge German socialist working slant. Too many layers and frequent changes in leadership.
Advice: Identify smart leaders. Remove layers of bureaucracy. Simplify org structure. Come out of the ERP mindset. Simplify processes and realize not SAP built tools are great to get the job done!!!
Pros: Large company with unlimited resources. Very stable. Great benefits. Variety of career options. Good brand value.

Cons: Big company, lots of resources takes a while to figure it all out. Once you do it is great to have so many resources. Great event every year -sapphire customers love it.
Advice: Stay kind, empathic listen to customers
Pros: Great company, fantastic benefits. Thoughtful, kind philanthropic. At an inflection point about to take off. Cloud business doing really well. Has a great roadmap for existing customers as well as new customers, so lots of products to sell

Cons: SAP is expanding its cloud based presence and though not yet the overall leader in the cloud based ecosystem, SAP is on the right path.
Advice: Continue to do what you're doing. Expanding into new customers and helping existing customers realize their potential will continue to make us the best SAP ever.
Pros: The company is a forward looking international organization that cares about people and companies. It is positioned for the next century.

Cons: Work/life balance can be a little tricky. As a very connected workforce (mobile, laptop, etc) one can find themselves working around the clock.
Advice: None
Pros: An empathetic company that cares about its customers, employees, community and world in which we live. I feel they offer a fair salary and excellent benefits package. The culture and values of the organization are embedded within each line of business. Bill McDermott is inspirational!

Cons: Many internal processes are frustratingly outdated and cumbersome.
Advice: Take advantage of the many resources available to you to develop yourself and your employees. Sometimes managers don't focus on the critical people management aspect of their roles.
Pros: Growth and development is encouraged . Great benefits in terms of vacation/sick leave/parental leave for a company in the US. Leaders are generally trustworthy and transparent.  Good work/life balance and flexible working hours. Culture focused on health and sustainability.

Cons: Some cloud solutions are a amalgamation of acquisitions that are hurriedly stitched -  together - creating dissatisfied clients and lot's of work post sale.   Focused on pushing the product of the quarter (usually the last acquisition)  instead of solving customer problems...
Advice: Think long term and partner with your customers the "SAP first" mindset is eroding within your customer base.
Pros: Great culture, good people, great benefits

Cons: It's a big company so there's the usual recurring meetings that provide no value, short-sighted budget decisions, and an inability for an individual to make a real impact.  The software systems are also ancient and so poorly designed that life is more about fighting fires and less about actual forward progress.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was good and the people I worked with were great (though they came mostly via acquisition).

Cons: There are not a lot of opportunities for directly after post grad, but all employees were extremely helpful in finding a path for you!
Advice: I think it would be beneficial for more people to be employed in these offices and responsibilities to be spread around a little more, so employees had more time to focus on individual tasks.
Pros: The mentors were extremely helpful, the atmosphere was phenomenal, everyone in the office was friendly. I really enjoyed it!

Cons: There can be long hours depending on the executive and group you work in. But that is nothing abnormal to an EA.
Advice: We have Winners' Circle for the sales force, but have a reward event for others too.
Pros: Great support from senior leadership. A great administrative professionals community where EAs support each other and have a conference once a year with external speakers. Free lunches in a great cafeteria. Generous vacation policy.

Cons: Poor execution on vision. Many acquisitions continue to be a challenge.

Comp plan for reps up to 50% quota will challenge most newcomers.

Heavily deployed sales teams with thin territories is creating turnover or at least transitions to other SAP divisions.
Advice: Focus investment on fixing foundation instead of creating new solutions.

Value employees enough to realize they have families and pay them reasonably.
Pros: SAP brand name and people, ethics are great.

Good vision of what they want to achieve

Cons: Pay Equality to match the market in non generating revenue positions.
Internal Processed complexity and puts a stop on innovation..
Advice: Pay Equality to match the market. This is very hard to achieve with current management, special when there are clear evidence from tools like Glassdoor indicating you are underpaid like 20-25% under the market.
Pros: Great culture, great environment, diverse employees and teams, a truly global company with a lot of opportunities. Great vision for cloud and on premise solutions.

Cons: Sometimes promotions can happen more on a relationship than an achievement / performance basis.
Advice: Establish upward feedback.
Pros: The company goals, attitude, and efforts to do more than just make money are something I respect and love to work for. Also, the flexibility SAP allows in terms of times and locations is fantastic - they trust you to get your job done, and if you have a personal event, you work around it.

Cons: Rigid internal processes make it challenging to be responsive.  Management hears feedback and takes action, though.
Advice: Continue reviewing impact of internal processes and rules to ensure our customer focus increases.
Pros: Great opportunity to work with the smartest most passionate people in the industry.  The SAP team focuses on customer success, which makes it a fun place to be.  Total compensation (base salary + bonuses), in my experience, is better than competitors.

Cons: Long hours, can be difficult to move up in your career/ get promoted.
Advice: Look at the value of the middle employees... many are doing most of the work and aren't getting promoted to the next level. Which is causing people to leave to obtain that higher position/ salary/ title at a new company.
Pros: Flexibility, development,  progressive, supportive.

Cons: Nowadays as the salary level is pulled up by some internet companies, SAP has to find some way to attract new hires.
Advice: None
Pros: Employees respect each other and we have very good cooperation in daily work. SAP provide very good working environment and employee care both in physical and mental health. Employees can easily have a work-life balance here in SAP when you may find it hard to do so in some of other companies.

Cons: almost 15 years at the company and I felt like I was a SSN...  The company has gotten too big and stopped valuing the experience many bring to the table
Advice: stop pushing out those just because we earned a salary commensurate of our experience and value to the company.
Pros: Many different opportunities over my career.   Pay and benefits is good.

Cons: High goals means that your "expected commision" is pretty high so you might not actually hit it.
Advice: Be honest when it comes to "expect salary". If you know you won't hit your goal and your employees won't get their full commision be honest about that going in.
Pros: Good salary, great offices or work fully remote positions. Supportive managers if looking for a new position. Lots of different directions you can take your career.

Cons: It's not that diverse considering the amount of initiatives I see roll out
Advice: Appreciate various personalities and skills rather than continue to promote unbearable coworkers simply because they have unique technical skills
Pros: Really great culture and supportive coworkers and leadership; tons of programs, guest speakers, courses, etc for learning and growth; nice offices and free lunches; good pay if you have little experience; opportunities to travel the work; nice benefits; initiatives for diversity and inclusion

Cons: Very limited growth in data or analytics. Lots of leadership changes and a little unstable at times. Its very challenging to implement a change as people are used to do the same thing over and over again. THey look for work to complete but not evolve as needed
Advice: Get stable on the approach and dont be afraid of change
Pros: Recognize mental health and diversity. People are kind in general and work life balance is decent.

Cons: =&gt; Too many old people who have joined here to retire. There is absolutely nothing for young people.
=&gt; Bureaucratic and inefficient management
Advice: =&gt; Focus on developing multi-skilled resources and not isolated technology architects
=&gt; Focus on retaining core development  at Americas and not just sales
Pros: =&gt; There is no place better than SAP to get to understand SAP technology and products.
=&gt; Lots of benefits - fitness centers, employee events
=&gt; Not too much work pressure...very relaxed

Cons: Tough to navigate the organization
Lacks a team-based culture 
Too much micro- management, time tracking requirements, 
Internal systems are complex to use, navigate, get setup, etc.
Advice: Instill a tighter team-based culture in field sales
Pros: Everyone is driven towards customer success
Management always interested in maximizing employee success 
There's information and resources available all over to assist
Pay is very competitive
Great benefits
Everyone is empowered and trusted to do their job

Cons: Slow moving a giant colossus of a company.
Direction can be hard to understand from the ground level.
Advice: Stop changing direction.
Use the people below you and stop thinking you're all made from Heaven
Pros: Great swell of people to network. 
Great benefits for all ages. Started with 3 week vacation. 
Best name in the business for notoriety. This will get you places.

Cons: Reorg every six months. Many many many layers of duplications. Politics are as strong as you can get.
Advice: Fewer reorgs
Pros: Great benefits, good people. Products are not awesome but they are industry standards. Going to Europe every month, all business class.

Cons: Very bureaucratic. Tons of energy spent defining job roles and permissions required to do anything. Slow moving company - takes forever to get anything done or even just to figure out who can do what.
Advice: You have got to streamline the bureaucracy and give folks a chance to look beyond their  current responsibilities.
Pros: Good salary, nice campus, good benefits. Socially conscious, lots of established procedures. Environmentally conscious. Some job mobility. No gender discrimination.

Cons: You are just a number in a very large pool of employees
Technical skills/work does not seem be valued as much as sales or management: Kind of sad for a high tech company
No work/life balance in consulting
Advice: Try to stay away form the short-term minded "Wall street" mentality: Have a long-term vision that emphasizes technical innovation
Pros: So far decent income
Learning opportunities .... if you have time on weekends
Benefits

Cons: People are overworked.  Many marketing resources cut, impacts quality, increases frustration.  Very focused on achieving quarterly targets - so much that it can have a negative impact on everything else.
Advice: People are not machines and your customers are not just external- they are internal (employees) too.  Treat them with respect.
Pros: Very talented people at SAP.  Good flexibility working remotely.  Most people are very helpful to assist in achieving your goals.

Cons: So far I haven't observed areas where chances for improvement aren't already underway.
Advice: Love your focus on bringing the positive changes the world needs like Business without Bias, differently abled hiring, LGBTQ advocacy etc.
Pros: Engaged and enthusiastic leadership fosters a culture of excitement and professional "stretching".  We are all encouraged to bring our creativity and commitment to continue delivering the best products / services to our customers.

Cons: So far I haven't observed areas where chances for improvement aren't already underway.
Advice: Love your focus on bringing the positive changes the world needs like Business without Bias, differently abled hiring, LGBTQ advocacy etc.
Pros: Engaged and enthusiastic leadership fosters a culture of excitement and professional "stretching".  We are all encouraged to bring our creativity and commitment to continue delivering the best products / services to our customers.

Cons: New announcements seem to be made publicly instead of informing employees first
It's a large company with a lot of product offerings which can get a bit overwhelming
Advice: Inform employees of changes before making it public
Pros: Great leadership
Amazing coworkers
You can make a difference
Customers are fantastic
Lots of flexibility with job
They care for my future at the company
They take care of their employees
Company is heading in the right direction
Compensation is best in the industry

Cons: every company has some cons, its not because of company but people in it, but in my 10 years i have seen many people and not everyone is same.
Advice: Take care of Employees, and they will help you to grow.
Pros: work environment, balanced life, competitive work, keep you on edge.

Bend it like SAP ( if u have any family situation they bend to adopt your schedule and help you).

Cons: can't think of any... at least not for me
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked at many companies (I'm not a millennial) and this company is the best for several reasons. Great Benefits (their 401k match is the best I've seen), great workforce, always moving forward instead of status quo, helps you to find roles that suit your talents, very diverse culture, they truly get it that their employees are their best and greatest asset.

Cons: Not a lot of sales people hit quota.  Very much have and have nots.  Lots of Politics and lots of people just collecting a paycheck.
Advice: If you could eliminate all the internal energy that people spend on politics and got everyone rowing in the same direction, great things could happen.
Pros: Pays very well.  Good people and lots of talent. Important problems to solve for Customers and how they run their business

Cons: SAP is working to get more women and minorities into leadership. They are making great progress, but acknowledge there is much to be done.
Advice: Give us something tangible for an integrated data platform from the cloud and S4 HANA, even if it's just 3 metrics. We want to start sewing the seeds for ISM, and we want the data to support it.
Pros: Work from home, flexibility, expectations of excellence

Cons: I really can't think of anything major that would be beyond nitpicking .
Advice: Continue providing the open dialogue with your employees!
Pros: Truly Employee Centric.  At SAP you truly feel the company cares for its employees and provides opportunities at all times to foster personal and professional growth. In addition,  my LOB excels in providing a truly collaborative environment.  If you ever need a helping hand ,  dozens reach your way.

Cons: Working across international time zones can slow down engineering velocity.  Simply is a time zone problem, thankful we don't _have_ to be up middle of the night working with overseas co-workers except in crisis troubleshooting.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance is the best in the industry.  Having worked at all manner of FAANG, very happy with the refreshing ability to disconnect mentally and recharge during ample vacation time off.

Cons: As with any large organization, some of our processes have many steps.  It can take longer to make changes at a large company like this vs. a smaller one.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are smart, collaborative, helpful, and professional.   I'm impressed by people here every day. And SAP prioritizes things that I think are important such as Diversity &amp; Inclusion,  Sustainability, and putting our Customers first.

Cons: It is much harder to get converted to a full employee at SAP than any of the other places I've worked for especially during this pandemic. Though there are early talent programs they are not hiring as much right now. It is a disservice to the recent graduates as they have no way to enter the company full time.
Advice: Invest more in your employees at every level.
Pros: A lot of great people at SAP

Cons: - No sales development path or proper training
- Nepotism all over; those who are related or friends with VP's get promoted, others don't
Advice: Take some advice from some of the fresher up and coming tech companies; adjust the culture to 2017
Pros: - Product sells itself, little enterprise selling required; people either already have SAP or have a pre-conceived perception of if they'd ever buy it
- Constantly acquiring new technologies to sell
- Market leader

Cons: Complex internal processes are less user-friendly and intuitive than they ought to be.
Advice: More diversity in senior management; too many German men are running teams in the US.
Pros: Generous benefits for US workers, who get $1200 (for families) from the company each year for out-of-pocket healthcare costs -- to put us on a more equal footing with colleagues in Germany. This kind of sensitivity makes SAP a standout place to work.

Cons: The volume can be overwhelming at times. Working through these challenges typically opens up additional opportunities for growth, while increasing revenue for the business.
Advice: Leverage individual strengths and those of successful teams to continue delivering high performance.
Pros: SAP is an innovative and forward looking organization. I love the culture of our company. Everyone works hard and is supportive of common goals for success. There is so much opportunity, with creativity and ingenuity often rewarded.

Cons: I only have close to one year in SAP, during this period I have not identified any relevant Cons.
Advice: My manager excels, keeping frequent communication, even though I am mostly working in a Customer Location.
Pros: - Diversity
- Inclusive
- With Purpose
- People Care
- Customer First
- Innovative Product
- Focus on Best Run Business
- Collaboration
- Coaching and Mentoring Programs

I cannot be more proud to work in this amazing company.

Cons: As with any big company some needed changes can take longer then desired to go into effect
Advice: None
Pros: Very few companies are you able to work on and have support products that millions of people use around the globe, but everyday I am interacting with those employees that are changing peoples lives.  They treat their employees well, and allow the flexibility needed with the ever changing workplace

Cons: - Executive leadership is severely disconnected from the market development day-to-day
- Constant change in processes, tools, and compensation with grossly inadequate change management from that leadership team
- Executive leadership is clearly motivated by increasing its sphere of influence and does not actually understand how to properly lead the larger organization (if everything is always changing, I guess it’s harder for folks outside of the organization to ask questions)
- Clear favoritism displayed by those same leaders for teams in specific offices
- Executive Leadership is not interested in retaining top management talent and is happy to “cut bait” if it means getting their way
- It's clear that those leaders are purely interested in supporting and enhancing their own image without any regard for the backs on which they achieve their success
Advice: No matter how much you try to normalize it, it is NOT normal in any business for an entire office to experience 100% leadership turnover within 1 calendar month. Not only has this department's Executive Leadership team displayed a tactless handling of its own internal management issues, but they’ve also done so while placing blame on nearly every other possible party/scapegoat connected to the larger organization (and not themselves). My advice to Senior Leadership (outside of this department) is to look at ALL results across ALL offices/teams and not take the current Executive Leadership’s word for it. It is disturbing to realize that Market Development Executive Leadership is not held accountable to any other third party and is able to “explain away” any misses. It’s even more concerning that there are zero checks and balances within said Executive Leadership team -- the fact that all of Market Development’s commission is handled by the department's leader and NOT audited by an independent third party is perplexing. The saying goes, “rats smell a sinking ship”... and I can see the rats escaping this ship as we speak.
Pros: - Industry-leading software solution
- Awesome company history
- Great office location
- Friendly co-workers

Cons: Some recent tier-2 leaders have been overly narcissistic - behaving in ways that serve their own careers and focused on their own brand image rather than on being true business leaders.
Advice: Pay attention to the leaders who care more about what they look like to the outside world than how they treat the business and their employees.
Pros: The company has a big heart, never stands still and remains hungry and humble.

Cons: Too big! Organization is made up of lots of moving parts and constantly changing; it is hard to stay abreast of it all. Lots of bureaucracy and unrefined internal processes. Salaries could be more competitive.
Advice: Keep it up.
Pros: Great people at all levels of the organization, managers that care about their people, strong organizational values, work-life balance and flexibility, entrepreneurial opportunities, bright individuals, solid employee benefits. Striving for a diverse and inclusive workplace.

Cons: if you want cutting edge technology and innovate, this is not the place.
Advice: More innovation and structured processes would help reduce cost and get ahead. we need act now to stay in the game in the next 10 years. erp wont make it until then.
Pros: security, flow, colleages, workload is ok

Cons: The salary isn't that great and my boss can be a pain. But the food is great and I feel loved by all of my fantastic co-workers.
Advice: I would try gettign on your boss' good side because he promotes people that he enjoys the company of. It doents matter what you know...it matters who you know.
Pros: The atmosphere is great and I feel like I can really become a team player when surrounded by my peers.

Cons: Everything is complex, even something like the CATs system is a total pain.  As an older company they need to review the huge number of resources they have available to employees and customers and trim out the unnecessary clutter, simplify, streamline.
Advice: Control middle and upper management, keep everyone on the same page, tighten the corporate purse strings .
Pros: Nice match on 401K, decent healthcare benefits with HSA contributions, good culture, positive direction.  Nice office.

Cons: Annual re-org  can be draining.  Good programs need strong owners to survive new executives in charge. Patience and a good network help to overcome the change.
Advice: Keep focused and driving the company to greater success. I am behind you.
Pros: Opportunities are only limited by your imagination.   Innovation is more than a buzz-word at SAP. The brightest people across the globe are here. SAP values tenure and new hires, alike. A great place to work.

Cons: You need to find the opportunities to build your career, even if you are a HiPo. From management perspective, it is still a little bit nationality driven.
Advice: Don't change the culture. Add more Talent programs.
Pros: It is a great company if you look for working in an international cultural environment, truly global perspective. It would give you experiences from technology to business perspective. It's a company to stay long time.

Cons: Upper management doesn't communicate very well especially since the integration into SAP. It's difficult to get the answers you need when asking them questions regarding the changes.
Advice: Discuss things with each other and bring the answers to the other employees. Answer questions regarding the changes that are coming.
Pros: They offer plenty of room to grow, The people are very friendly. The office is neat. They have great snacks and coffee.

Cons: SME space continues to mature. There are some disconnects and growing pains in an effort to adhere to a process that works and flows well with the overall Sales organization.
Advice: Recognize publicly that not every territory is as fruitful as others.
Pros: CEO is admired. Strong leadership. Commitment to employees is strong from career development perspective. Great pay and benefits. Strategy to acquire best of breed solutions and integrate into the platform is positive.

Cons: At times, hard to make decisive decisions due to some level of bureaucracy inherent in a large global company.
Advice: Continue to push the envelope on the innovation front and continue to trust your tremendously talented employees.  Also, try to significantly move the needle on the diversity front in the near term as there is an opportunity to lead our industry in that area as well.
Pros: Exceptional CEO, Talented, Passionate, and Innovative Employees

Cons: I have not experienced any so far.
Advice: Keep telling us like it is! :)
Pros: I joined this company because of its commitment to help the world run better and improving people’s lives. Having the privilege to serve our communities during the month of October has been a blessing. This announcement today reinforces my belief that the executive management team truly values what is important to its employees, partners and customers in the US.

Cons: After 5 years here, I am still looking for a downside...nothing that I have experienced!
Advice: Continue your great job in leading with integrity, honesty and transparency!
Pros: Diverse, global, talented workforce that is accountable, professional and loves to come to work everyday.  Executives are transparent, genuine and lead with honesty &amp; integrity.  Culture and attitudes are collaborative, positive and inclusive.  What a great place to work!

Cons: Despite corporate values of diversity/inclusion, there are definitely entrenched pockets of pro-male bias.
Advice: Jettison the old school thinking (women are somehow less than) that permeates numerous teams
Pros: Excellent salary, bonus, benefits if you negotiate up front. Much more people-centered than any US-based company in terms of far fewer layoffs, and a genuine aspiration for social justice.  Depending on your team, plenty of opportunities for creativity. Large size increases career options.

Cons: Work is demanding, but expected from a large company with excellent compensation.
When there is a reorganization, the downstream effects can hang people out to dry on a project with little experience.
Advice: Over recent months, management has been more engaged in making life easier for employees.  Don't lose that vision in the midst of the storm that we are facing.
Pros: Relaxed/Casual Work Environment
Both Proactive and Reactive to Employer Issues
Benefits are Outstanding
Transparency

Cons: Lots of different systems to log into (Okta is resolving some of this).  Not all processes are ironed out.  The company has grown so fast that policies and procedures are now trying to catch up.
Advice: Continue to develop the individuals on your teams.
Pros: Flexible working conditions, my manager is very helpful and receptive to issues I have.  The people I work with are all very supportive and helpful.

Cons: * Pay never increases past inflation rate
* No advancement. I've applied for 8 internal openings and never received an interview
* Only goal in the company is to meet your quarterly bonus.  "Rinse and Repeat"
Advice: "You get want you measure".  If you only give bonuses on Utilization that's all employees focus on.  Zero Team Work.
Pros: More or less steady work on project even thru Major Financial Drops

Cons: Too many people are coasting in their jobs, not my responsibility attitude.
Too many responsibilities have been outsourced and the employees are only managing these contracts.
Hard to describe what we sell to others.
Advice: Too many managers/directors and not enough people doing work.
I get inspired during quarterly meetings but nothing seems to changed afterwards.
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, good brand.  Will be good to have on resume for the future.

Cons: Too many reorgs. I saw lots of friends get laid off and it finally happened to me based on the latest simplification strategy. I worked for SAP 15 years in 2 different jobs and had at least 12 different managers.
Advice: Strategic vision and long term plan with focus on employee retention
Pros: Great chance to learn lots of new technology. Most of the people are great.

Cons: Really hard to get anything done. Perfect company for a person who only has 5 years to retirement
Advice: It's tough to find a job internally. Jobs posted are already filled. Make friends...those will be the people who will help you get a new job & move around the company. Moral is low. Very political .... 
Company core values...People come first not product
Pros: Free lunch & pinkberry

Cons: -Unclear progression paths. Less interesting overtime.
-Compensation below industry standards for same work level.
- Average age of employees is too high.
-Growth is very slow for some roles.
-Unable to retain top talent.
Advice: - Do no hire young driven and passionate people if you do not have a proper plan.
Pros: -Great corporate culture. 
-Great knowledgeable and talented people. 
-Nerd haven, there is just so much technology information at your disposal.

Cons: * Complex commissions method.
* Continuous changes in structure and management team make the company unstable for employees.
*
Advice: It is important to make better selections when changing management team. I decided to leave the company for a bad boss taking charge of a good team.
Pros: * Good career plan and benefits for full time employees. 
* Good salaries and opportunities to grow in the company.
* Sales organization willing to help and make things happen.

Cons: Not really, only thing I see is short term projects. Other than this I don't have anything to mention as cons.
Advice: We need to have few more offices in India, in places like Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune and few more good metro cities.
Pros: A good company to be in, if you are an SAP Expert you should work with SAP America then. Glad to be a part of SAP growing business.

Cons: Rapid growth over last 3 years has caused some growing pains for the company globally. Overall, Fieldglass does a good job of understanding and caring about the challenges of its employees, and does its best to empower individuals to collaborate in improvements.
Advice: Continue to invest in company culture and employee engagement activities.
Pros: Strong company culture within an industry leader with competitive benefits, great growth opportunities, and healthy work-life balance.

Cons: There are times when you have to work over weekends, but that is rare.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture. They create an environment that encourages people to be creative when finding solutions that work best for the customers. At the same time they are challenging the individual to be their best version of themselves. They also allow a great work/life balance that allows us to work harder when there are tight deadlines.

Cons: Pay may not be as competitive as similar roles at other organizations, but the culture, flexibility and work/life balance far out ways that for me.
Advice: None
Pros: - Supportive Leadership
- Work/Life Balance
- Family Culture

 The SC role is anything but mundane.  You get to work and partner with colleagues all across the business at Concur.  You are seen as a partner with your Sales Reps instead of just a support system.

Cons: Old processes, Horrible upper management, 401K matching
Advice: Stop rearranging the deck chairs; we all stay in the same job - just get moved to a different location on the big ship. Processes are old; people are slow to embrace change. Match the 401K right off the bat - and not in increments of 1/3.
Pros: WLB, large company with reputation, and direct managers and coworkers

Cons: Their internal HR software is terrible. Need to look up how much you make or make changes to your W-2? Good freaking luck. To be fair, I use a mac and it doesn't play well at all with their tools. I bet if I used a windows machine it would be a ton easier.
Advice: None
Pros: The company takes care of its employees. Well structured ways to advance inside the company and plenty of opportunities.

Cons: Tenured old guard leaves no growth opportunities. Box checking valued too much.
Advice: No room for growth for tenured Customer Success managers.  Box checking &amp; commitment to data will not maintain the base and will not progress the business.  Creativity and development for high performing individuals should be more valued than data integrity.
Pros: Great compensation and benefits. Company culture is a culture of integrity, community and creativity

Cons: There is some push for a complete return to the office next year and a hybrid model could probably easily be adopted instead.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, great benefits, decent W/L balance

Starting at SAP was better than any other company that I've worked for and included multiple onboarding sessions to make sure that we had everything together coming into the company and a paid bootcamp to sharpen our skills before working with customers.

Cons: No meaningful advancement opportunities 
DEI is mere lip service
Advice: Stop prioritizing cost cutting over employee satisfaction. Your employees don’t feel like you care about them, and that’s why we’re leaving in droves. The future of SAP depends on treating your employees well, and not just lining executive’s pockets with cost cutting measures branded as “transformation.”
Pros: Great place to end up if you don’t have career aspirations

Cons: Too much process and mid-level management.  Hard to switch teams with constand headcount freezes. Relative rating bonus system completely subjective and not tied directly to performance
Advice: Scrap this relative bonus system that tears teams apart.  When you say the company gets a certain raise, stick to it and don't continually screw over the US.  Keep pushing new innovation
Pros: Great top leadership anf great products.

Cons: Work life balance is very difficult to maintain. Intern conversion rate is very low.
Advice: Invest in your interns more. Interns do the work of their supervisors and are shaped to be leaders. Use this!
Pros: Great learning opportunities. You create your experience; you are treated equally and with respect.

Cons: Due to the upper management being located in California and Germany, the decisions for the Colorado based projects can be made with out full knowledge of all the potential implications.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP provides great benefits, lots of learning opportunities, above average salary and interesting work.
Due to the many products and sub companies, there are always new things to challenge yourself.

Cons: the acquisition by SAP means continued challenges as the company is integrated into the SAP way of going, management structure, etc.
Advice: keep the focus on cloud and the simplicity and ease of use that comes from cloud as SF gets more integrated into SAP.
Pros: start up atmosphere, competitive products, great office, stable, acquired by SAP with large job potential, non political environment, cloud focus is future facing

Cons: It can be tough to see how my job contributes to the overall vision at SAP given the size of the organization. I get fatigued by how many new strategies we have to learn about, the number of reorgs, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: In general, I feel that management is open to feedback and they care about their employees. Especially during the pandemic, management is very understanding to flexible work schedules, encouraging use of vacation time, etc.

Cons: Pay is low compared to other bigger companies
No work-life balance
No career growth
Lots of promises from management that they will take care of their employees during the pandemic but when you are in need of help, no one (management, HR) responds
Advice: Please take care of your employees -- they are working harder for you than you know.
Pros: Good environment 
- nice people to work with in general
-nice office location

Cons: Large company which is constantly evolving & shifting organizations based on business needs but that may not be so bad
Advice: We're talking about the right focus areas for customer solutions, future growth areas and talent strategy - now lets turn it into reality.
Labs leadership especially our Managing Director is key to our success and footprint in the Valley.
Pros: Great customers, work with talented people, many benefits plus you have the ability to grow your career and work life balance.

Cons: I am very happy here. I don't see any distinct downsides.
Advice: Keep up the great work! You have demonstrated that you listen to your employees and are facilitative leaders. Great job!
Pros: At SAP I feel empowered and supported by both my team members and executive management. It's the best work environment I have ever encountered. I am very happy and blessed to work for SAP America.

Cons: Extremely dirty office politics
Management doesn't have the courage to face the employees in person so they ask the recruiting company to do their dirty job of letting us know due to budget cut, we don't have to go in tomorrow. No warning, no word, nothing.
Advice: The worst leadership I've had to endure. Give up dirty politics and appreciate loyalty and hard work of their employees. Should give enough time to look for another job when they decide they don't need employee services anymore.
Pros: There are no pros other than my co-workers were great bunch of people to work with.

Cons: Due to the start-up culture that has driven SF to excellence, all employees pull more than their full share of the workload.  Long hours, day and night...this combined with customer demand really kill the work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Career opportunities are plentiful and the work is exciting. Their management team is very inclusive and supportive.  The compensation and benefits packages are very rewarding.  Many positions are virtual opportunities and work remotely from home.

Cons: HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT   ALL THE WAY AROUND
Advice: SERIOUSLY get over yourselves. The attitude of "we are everything" and the total arrogance is going to drive your company in the ground , one day. I promise you.  I can't get over how management and middle management thinks they walk on water. Careful to anyone who joins this firm.
Pros: obviously it's a HUGE company so there is lots of opportunity and SAP is well known.

Cons: Many teams - it takes a little while to learn the company.
Advice: Continue improving the people development programs!
Pros: The company has a great talent development program, Also, there are great networking opportunities - people help each other out and will help mentor you. The company also has  a flexible work environment and work from home options. The company is innovative and competitive. Overall, it is a great place to work!

Cons: The travel is extensive. Though you can see a lot of different places you are rarely home. When you are on a customer site you usually work long hours.
Advice: Consultant are re organized often so it is difficult to build a relationship with management. I suggest thinking about different solutions rather than re organizing the consultants every year.
Pros: Great benefits and good pay. The job also provides great travel opportunities to see the country and the world

Cons: Politics, self-promotion, every person for themselves, old hardline Oracle-style dog eat, dog world.
Advice: None - it's over for them! The management team (from the beginning and whatever is left) is focused on one thing - how do I ingratiate myself to SAP management? Nothing else matters to them.
Pros: Good pay - but does it matter when there is nothing but a self-promoting, backstabbing culture.

Cons: Internal politics and confusion around messaging.  Have struggled to pay people correctly and on time.  Still focused in the on premise world and need to adjust more rapidly to be "the cloud company"
Advice: Transparency, Environment of Trust, Execute on the Simplification Message, Truly embrace the cloud, Need to make a radical change to stop good people from leaving
Pros: Smart people, great eco-system, strong assets and customer install base

Cons: Projects can take longer to complete sometimes, due to the matrixed organization. Decision making can sometimes be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a company with purpose, that lives true to its mission to make the world run better and improve people's lives. The opportunities for growth, excellent benefits, focus on Diversity & Inclusion, and the importance placed on Corporate Social responsibility make this an amazing place to work.

Cons: Somewhat hard to get promoted. It might take years and you might still be stuck in the same position.
Advice: Promote within and don't always look outsider to hire someone.
Pros: SAP policies and management are very flexible when it comes to working remotely or accommodating various life situations (sick days, doctor visits, etc.). Management is encouraged to measure an employee by their work and impact and not by days in the office.

Cons: Many layers of management
Advice: My experience is that when someone is considered a high-value employee, they move them into a management role whether they have people management skills or not.   I've had several managers who have no business managing people but are just 'getting their ticket punched' before they can be promoted.   Many are better off just being individual contributors.
Pros: Work from home options, flexibility, great benefit package

Cons: Its a sales organization so we are very sale orientated - expect pressure in that regard
Advice: Continue to keep up and expand your acceptance of flexible working experiences
Pros: Flexible schedule; understanding management; "team" feeling - I work on a great team that helps each other out; other amazing benefits - healthcare is great, lunch stipend, gyms in some locations, loads of groups to belong to: Women's group, LGBT, etc.

Cons: Harnessing 90,000 enthusiastic personalities pursuing multiple moon-shots can make navigating the breadth and depth of our resources a challenging journey.
Advice: Keep pushing and challenging us - we've got your back!
Pros: Trust in the leadership - from my manager to our rockstar exec team and CEO.
Breadth &amp; depth of resources to help me do my work.
Demonstrated support of diversity, social responsibility and commitment to leveling the global playing field for all.

Cons: People at SAP work hard, but there is nothing more rewarding then when you get to have impact and actually make important contributions.
Advice: None, keep doing what you are doing.  Super excited for the next chapter in our leadership's journey at SAP.
Pros: Amazing culture, great benefits, flexible schedule for work life balance, career growth.  Also able to really have an impact on the business and get involved in side projects.

Cons: I don't love the day to day of the role, but opportunities are endless across the rest of the company.
Advice: Continue focusing on employee development and wellness programs that make us feel cared for.
Pros: Leadership walks the talk. They truly seem to care about their employees and make you feel heard and understood. There is a culture of feedback, openness, and understanding and significant work life balance.

Cons: The only con is the remote work often associated with covering a sales territory away from an SAP office.
Advice: None
Pros: The best reasons to work at SAP are the flexibility and trust given by leadership to achieve your goals in addition to the compensation and benefits. There is no babysitting here. There are clear goals provided to you and an abundance of resources to help you achieve and exceed them.

Cons: Pay may not be as competitive as similar roles at other organizations, but the culture, flexibility and work/life balance far out ways that for me.
Advice: None
Pros: - Supportive Leadership
- Work/Life Balance
- Family Culture

 The SC role is anything but mundane.  You get to work and partner with colleagues all across the business at Concur.  You are seen as a partner with your Sales Reps instead of just a support system.

Cons: Fiefdoms throughout, very difficult to effect change, so much overlap and matrix designed organization. At the senior ranks, seems more about feathering nests versus making the right organizational decisions.
Advice: Significantly simplify and reduce organizational structure, make clear accountability and empower the people closer to the customers and the field.
Pros: Great products and vision, good compensation, blue chip company, global, work from home. Family friendly. Constantly changing, dynamic environment. Nice people.

Cons: big hierarchy, easy to get lost in shuffle and politics, weak internal candidate considerations, forced laterals to avoid promotional growth
Advice: Proactive internal hiring practices, create room to grow for tenured, keep the innovation up, lead change and make world better and smarter
Pros: Competitive compensation, great benefits, telecommuting, market leader with huge ecosystem, strong CEO, global reach and diversity, cool offices around the world

Cons: It is a huge company. It can be difficult to find the right people support you. At the same time, there are so many people and tools to help you.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture. Work - life balance is valued. Maternity AND paternity leave is standard. They have a great early talent program to train recent college graduates. I have never worked for a company that truly values their employees like SAP.

Cons: Work/life balance is taking a huge hit right now. Management increases the number of mandatory trainings while we are at customers 4 days a week and we still need to travel. It is a high pressure job and unlikely to offer better work life balance.
Advice: Company should find a way to remedy this or the turnover will skyrocket.
Pros: Office itself offers great perks such as gym and great food. Great benefits.

Cons: Sometimes there's an overload of information coming our way. Changes are customer focused, but are wondering if they get internal employee input as well.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Maternity/Paternity leave, lunch credit, free drinks, and events with snacks. Although there have been some departmental changes recently, managers have been open and accepting of our comments. The flexibility to work from home is very helpful as it gives a weekly environment change.

Cons: Sales has zero, ZERO idea on what we actually do so they sell something that does not exist. The Customer Engagement Executives (CEE) are just as worthless. They are to help manage the customer while support works on issues, now all they do is demand a solution for the customer THAT DAY (which they already promised to the customer without ever checking with you). Support is left to basically just do whatever the customer is demanding, not asking, but demanding. There is no real scope of what should be supported, it is just a free for all. A customer doesn't like the font the application is written in, well then it is clearly a product of the issue and needs to be fixed ASAP. The volume of work has increased tenfold within a year but the staffing has either stayed the same or decreased due to people leaving due to burnout. Management talks a big game of retaining people, but no follow through. all we are told by the parent, SAP is that adding more employees does not fix the problem. But then even when we get to hire some people it is usually only 1 person and even then there is usually a hiring freeze. So the 20 people you were supposed to get, end up being 1 person, that was supposed to start Jan 1st, but due to hiring freeze won't start until Oct 1. That is if they actually waited that long and didn't look for something else. The pay could be better for the level of stress you face on a day to day basis. Or you can just start not caring about the work as most employees do. For a company the size of SAP you would think they would attribute an entire multi-level office building just for support? Nope, just a third of a floor with about 30 people to support a global community that grows by 10-20 customers a week. There isn't much great or even good about this place as certain departments get all the respect and recognition and the ones doing the actual work just get more work to do.
Advice: HIRE MORE PEOPLE! PAY MORE TO THOSE WHO STAY OR TO RETAIN THE ONES WHO PUT UP WITH THE ABUSE!
Pros: I will let you know when I come across one.

Cons: To be more cautious of over regulations which may interfere with or slow down progress.
Advice: More Collaboration from top to bottom
Pros: SAP is a Solid, Strong company, which continually takes care of its powerful engine, its employees. As an employee, if you know what you want to do, where you want to go, SAP helps you get there.

Cons: There are lots of changes in North America that could be perceived as a negative by some, however some of us see it as a boon and recognize the opportunity that exists in being able to build on the change rather than fight it.
Advice: None
Pros: Game-changing technology to help companies EVOLVE for future technologies
Truly a COLLABORATIVE group of people--GLOBALLY.
Leadership LISTENS to what employees need to be productive and effective

Cons: Working for a large company like SAP has its cons of being a small fish in a big pond. Sometimes it can feel like inter-company politics are the biggest hurdle to overcome. Like anywhere, your network is everything.
Advice: None
Pros: There is ample opportunity to not get 'pigeon-holed' into one solution or area of the business. You are supported to develop a breadth of knowledge and step outside of your comfort zone.

Cons: Managers do not fight for their employees  , no long term vision , managers are only focused on CQ and CQ+1.
Advice: Sales people work hard . It’s only fair they get compensated for their efforts . Not compensating In the name of compliance each time isn’t fair .
Pros: Good salary, good perks and great benefits .

Cons: You may feel the pace of change is slow - given the conservative nature of the culture. But be sure - every step is deliberate and measured. Solid company with solid leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Always innovative, always in the thick of action, Always an opportunity to do something new and different. You can make your career here - irrespective of which function you are in - sales, product, marketing, finance

Cons: The SAP sales organization and culture may bee too much for some to handle.  They make everyone accountable at all times.
Advice: You need to explain in detail all of the expectations of your employees.  People seem to get overwhelmed working at SAP
Pros: SAP pays well to get people in the door.  SAP also has a good product and good sales support to help you.

Cons: Early calls for Europe (Walldorf).  Endless bureaucratic re-organizations and shuffling of leadership with minimal impact, besides confusion, for individual contributor employees.
Advice: Set the organization in stone and get to work on managing the business, margins and revenue growth. Hire more externally.
Pros: Work and Life balance supported by management. Compensation, Salary, Bonus and other benefits.  Collaboration and respect between workers is phenomenal.

Cons: It's a very large company so complexity and process are inherent to keep it in control.  I felt I spent much more time dealing internally than with my customers.
Advice: Don't forget the core culture the company was built upon.
Pros: Very stable company with enormous credibility, resources, marketing power and ability to deliver.  Very nice benefits that you would expect from a large well run company.

Cons: Difficult to gain a lot of useful experience due to slow process. 
A lot of corporate politics. 
Not a whole lot of motivation to push out quality products. Managers and execs mostly care about getting something out.
Advice: Be more open to listening to people you manage and let experts do their what they excel at.
Pros: Work life balance 
Free lunch
Competitive salary

Cons: Constant change within NA leadership.  Often there is a duplication of effort between groups and functional areas at SAP.
Advice: Communicate as often and as much as possible to your employees.
Pros: Strong brand and ecosystem.  Established processes and best in class working environment.  Clear direction from management, and SAP is greatly improving the balance between global and regional shared practices and content

Cons: No more free lunches.
No more freedom PTO.
No one cares about design and quality products.
No talent in UI engineering team.
Not a great place for a Front-End Developer or UI Engineer.
No room to grow in your field.
Advice: It's not all your fault. SAP is ruining the product, but your not helping either. 

Focus on design and give the designers a little bit more time to do there thing. Get involved with building a good UI Engineering team. The current team sucks! 

Good luck.
Pros: Free gym in the building.

Cons: Strong sales years are often followed by weaker years

Territory can have a massive impact on compensation

Not everyone embraces the companies team sales mentality
Advice: Keep doing what you've been doing, push for team work between all AE's.  The cons dont come close to the pros so far at this company
Pros: People stay here a long time

Money is great

Company headed in a strong direction with consistenly strong annual growth

Cons: Didn't feel like my experience taught me too much. I learned a bit but after the first few months everything was the same testing wise
Advice: Make the experience a bit more engaging. Solicit feedback from interns throughout the process rather than at the end of their time.
Pros: Tasks were thought out but overall fairly easy. Things that could have been automated were manual, repetitive tasks that should have been

Cons: It's hard to start running when you get shot in both feet. Good luck getting anything done internally (including quotes!!).
Advice: Figure out your back end CRM and Sales support, Millenials will not put up with it. No one wants to acknowledge what is broken, and leadership is constantly playing CYA for themselves.
Pros: If you get top accounts it can be exciting because of SAP's reach

Cons: overlapping groups doing the same thing, not fully transitioned to a cloud company yet, Lots of collaboration needed to get things done.
Advice: get to cloud thinking to match customer requirements faster.  Look at overlaps in groups and consolidate.  have the Executive Board report to the CEO to reduce silos.
Pros: SAP cares about people. Products are enterprise ready. Cares about making customers successful

Cons: I am satisified with all areas of SAP.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: SAP is committed to providing the best service to the customer and executive management stands behind this philosphy.  This increases the success of customer-facing employees.  SAP provides innumerable training opportunities through webex and other elearning vehicles.  The benefits are really good, including a 401(K) match, pension plan, three weeks vacation, and more.

Cons: You must give 110% in each activity, it's very rough so it's not for anyone who can't handle a strong position in a big company.
Advice: Must continue developying all the business in the whole region, outside America. There are big opportunities to continue growing up the business.
Pros: It's a big company where you could have a lots of opportunities to develop as a professional.
It's also a great place to work.

Cons: The work environment is the worst I have ever worked in, especially if you are a female.  The senior manager is sexist, and bullies female employees until they leave.  Work/life balance is non existent.  (I was once written up for falling behind because I took bereavement leave for an immediate family member's passing.  Apparently, I was expected to have taken my laptop to the funeral and worked.)  Teamwork is discouraged.  (I was reprimanded multiple times for trying to work with my team.  "Just write whatever you think is correct and give it to the next person.  You don't need to ask them what they need."  (Or there was the manager who said "You need to quit doing what's best for the team and do what's best for you.".)  And backstabbing is expected.  (I actually had a manager, after unsuccessfully trying to get me to rat on my team, tell me that he was surprised that I wouldn't say anything and that I was the only one he had talked to who had not "thrown someone under the bus".  He had already talked to everyone else on the team.)
Complaining to HR does no good.  We're too small of an office for them to care what goes on here.  So you just have to suck it up and deal with it until you find a better job.
If you're a software engineer, there are no career opportunities due to the clog at the top with the senior manager.  Even more senior managers know he's not qualified for more, so he doesn't get promoted.  So no one does.
All of this results in the worst morale I have ever seen.  Employees are walking around like zombies.  There's no excitement for what you are working on.
Advice: Management here is awful.  The senior manager is unqualified for his position.  So he demoted all the more qualified managers below him, and filled the positions with even less qualified managers.  It's bad when you have to surround yourself with morons in order to make yourself look good.
Due to all the mismanagement, the work environment is not good (as noted above).  And it really shows in the project management, and the productivity of the employees.
Pros: Good pay, good perks like a catered lunch. Unfortunately, there isn't much else to say here, but the review requires 20 words.

Cons: Lack of upward movement for career growth dependent on where your team is based out of. If you have a German manager and team based in German, many times it is more difficult to receive proper recognition and career growth as you are not face to face daily with your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Lots of work life balance. Excellent pay/benefits. Highly recommend.

Cons: Should be no surprise but implementations always run over and canned scenarios never translate to 80% of work done at start of implementation.  Arrogance and unresponsiveness outside immediate team members
Advice: SAP has been a well-respected, recognized brand and I hope you can keep it that way.
Pros: Process oriented, supportive environment. Good training

Cons: Its a larger company so naturally politics come into play amongst employees and leadership. Training takes a while because their is so much to learn within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome perks, great ways to network, generous pay, very smart people work there. Honestly an amazing company that I would recommend to anyone. They are headquartered in Newtown Square and lunch in provided every day there.

Cons: Inefficient. Too much drama. Too much politics. Bad culture and low educated and unprofessional employees that are not integrated with SAP
Advice: Bring all organizations and teams together. Hire more experienced people. Invest in cultural change
Pros: It's a part of big SAP family which provides good opportunities to business and employees.
Strong product portfolio which is still competitive.

Cons: Red tape from international company
Slow decision
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch, transportation stipend, free beer on Thursday once a month, free tickets to sharks, niners, barracuda, or earthquakes. 
Project based work
No egos, you can talk to anyone about your career and interesting projects
Basketball court
On campus gym
Lunch time yoga
4 offices in the bay area
Flexible hours
Discounts on partnerships (nike, underarmor, etc)
15 days pto
5 personal days
unlimited sick time
9 paid holidays

Cons: It can be very bureaucratic and have the corporate vibe that can hinder progress and motivation
Advice: Unequal pay is a problem. You have to walk the talk of corporate purpose with your employees first taking a proactive approach to get rid of unequal pay.
Pros: Management is very supportive of employees getting trained and instilling a culture of lifelong learning through free online courses.
Flexible working options: you can work remotely

Cons: permanent reorganizations
limited top leadership in the bay area
business model under pressure from more nimble could companies
lots of leadership changes
Advice: dont hit the reset buttton to often  on initiatives, there needs to be some strategic patience
more support for engineering functions
you cant be just a trade company
Pros: global leader with plenty of resources and reach
lots of innovation
very diverse employee base and globally distributed 
competetive compensation and benefits

Cons: Hard to get into SAP.  Downsizing, rightsizing happens often.   Can't count on longevity.  Can be very technical. Very matrixed. Lots of people seem to have the same job you do.
Advice: None
Pros: Great product, great people, great offices.  Have a strong mission to help the world.  People are very collaborative to work with.  Has an international feel.

Cons: Lots of people left after the company was acquired, but the next chapter is still being written. I would still want to work there.
Advice: Support the Cloud with all customers and emphasize that SAP will be there for the transition to from on prem to hybrid to all Cloud.
Pros: Strong culture, team-focused, room to grow and lead. This was a very supportive and transparent environment. I enjoyed my time there.

Cons: Don't have any at this point other than interested in SAP and would like to be involved in future directions (i.e. Cloud Computing).
Advice: Would like to use my experience and creativity from my time at Oracle Development, project manager for Oracle EBS, Demonstration consultant and  Senior Solutions Engineer in both public and commercial organizations for leadership management positon.
Pros: World leading Enterprise solutions for private, public sector and manufacturing industries

Cons: Although there are many opportunities both for advancement and cross-functional change, it's easy to settle in and not take advantage of the opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great investment in the people, leadership, product and culture.  The company has built a solid foundation over decades, but isn't satisfied to rest its laurels on the past but rather building the future.  Executive leadership embraces change and the company is surprisingly agile.

Cons: It can be tough to keep up with constant changes. At times, things are not communicated properly, which leads to confusion and frustration.
Advice: N/A
Pros: 1. Great work environment (challenging but rewarding)
2. Excellent benefits - unlimited sick leave, 15 days PTO, 5 floating holidays, etc.
3. Free lunch 3x a week, free beer on Fridays, fruit and snacks provided weekly
4. Management cares about the employees
5. So many more!!

Cons: The company is so large that it has many micro-cultures within, so employee experience can vary greatly.  Also, many sales VP have to apply for new jobs within the company every year due to annual re-orgs.  You may have a new boss very soon...
Advice: Cut out any matrix'ed reporting structures.  They cause nothing but confusion.
Pros: A large company with plenty of room to move around to other positions.

Cons: All companies has it challenges, but the great thing about SAP is they provide you with everything you need to get the job done.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: I have been with SAP for 19 years and I have loved ever second of it. SAP treats you like you are part of their family, I feel lucky to have been here for so long.

Cons: I've spent dev years chasing concur's North Star.  Whenever we finally get going with the latest hotness, people have already decided to kill it off and move onto something new.  Every effort to make the next environment not a snowflake and the reference for all future environments pumps out the snowflakeiest environment of all.  

Terrible project planning.

Forced centralized tools which suck.

Company now hates windows and dotNet.

SAP Concur not aligned with SAP.
Advice: You're losing people left and right.  Course correct
Pros: Work life balance
Nice office location

Cons: - Sometimes work can be hectic so can be difficult to manage work life balance
- Salaries can be better for the skills and experience
- You can sometimes feel lost in big teams
Advice: None
Pros: - Great team that focuses on building bridges and not silos.
- Good opportunities to grow provided you have it in you.
- Transparency with respect to growth and strategy.
- Great support from higher management
- Great benefits

Cons: One con in my role is that I'm already at the top level/grade for my individual contributor position. It would be better if I could still advance to an expert level but my role only goes up to senior.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has an excellent culture that values employees and invests in their development. 
The company leadership is very strong and inspiring.
The company offers a telecommute opportunity

Cons: SAP is very fast-paced, so not for the faint of heart.
Advice: The SAP culture is strong and positive...always check in with the words of our leaders at the top and shoot for the goals they put out there...for SAP and for the world.
Pros: SAP is a dynamic place to work, always moving forward and giving employees opportunities to learn new solutions and technologies.

Cons: Annual reorgs and shakeups make it hard to make a deep impression on leadership so promotions tend to be closely linked to personal friendships.
Advice: Aim to promote from within organizations whenever possible using a merit based system
Pros: Vacation, pay, location flexibility, interesting work, great colleagues, global possibilities, great customers and partners

Cons: Cost cutting measures at times can effect employee productivity.
Advice: Utilize feedback from ground level employees also when making decisions.
Pros: Good work environment.  Team members help each other.   As always boss can make your life hell.   But that is the case with any company.  There are some bad apples, but SAP do take care of their employees and value their feed back.

Cons: One bad leader is enough to kill the whole organization.
Advice: After a big laid off in US in 2019, many of the expert level employee  go work for your competitors which caused the failure of the SAP cloud and Big Data.   The whole Sybase org was removed which left the Hana half-dead. Do you learn?
Pros: A lot of smart employee, and some good leaders as well

Cons: Heavy on travel due to consulting/direct sales atmosphere
Advice: Keep it going! Look to expand deeper into data analytics and mass data storage.
All in all, you are doing a strong job. The Co-Ceo is the way to go!
Pros: -Ability to work international on projects/job opportunities
-Respected company amongst competitors and customers
-Smart people everywhere
-Strong pay/benefits.
-Subsidized lunches (basically free)…..Awesome!

Cons: The company is heavy on processes and crippled by it's on leadership and groups when trying out new innovative projects and business developments.
Advice: Invest in people management and development, appreciate your talent listen to it and nurture it instead of losing it to competitor.
Pros: Worked on multiple projects in multiple areas and met with customers both in and outside my line of business and in big conventions.

Cons: The infrastructure is very "German", so Americans may have difficulty navigating the corporate culture which can be, at times, less than intuitive.
Advice: No advice at this time. Most managers I've experienced are very good at managing employees and opportunities.
Pros: Very smart people work at SAP who are also willing to lend a hand to colleagues and collaborate to help close deals and make customers happy.

Cons: In my opinion, customer service was sacrificed for growth and now the customer experience is often poor.  Small issues continue to get overlooked and never get fixed.  Competition has caught up and true innovation has slowed.
Advice: Pay attention to the little things and focus more on customer (and employee) retention.
Pros: Every company could use this kind of technology.
Great work space and very intelligent coworkers.

Cons: Constant changes lead to some unnecessary instability without increased productivity.  You can be a top performer but face uncertainty
Advice: Constant changes lead to some unnecessary instability without increased productivity.  You can be a top performer but face some instability due to changes
Pros: Global, great coworkers, challenging.  Very committed staff that care about company and customers.

Cons: Concur cares about you. They think. As long as you are exactly the same as everyone else at Concur. As long as you don't complain about anything that happens to you at Concur. As long as you keep your head down. As long as you don't ask for any assistance from outside your team. As long as you don't complain when your assignments are literally impossible without assistance that you can't get. (As long as you can prove that you were working very hard and producing a product, it doesn't matter that it does not and cannot work.)

Concur seems to have a management training program which turns out people who exult in trying to make every employee like every other employee. Two employees have different strengths? NOT ON MY WATCH. We will not assign people to tasks that they excel at. And if we accidentally do, then we will make sure that, if your task is not high status, you will not get any promotions or significant pay increases, no matter how important that job is.

Nothing gets done at Concur unless you know someone. Filing a ticket because you need a static IP address at your desk, so you can do tests? It won't be denied, it will simply languish for six months, until you contact this guy you know who tells you who would know who to talk to, and three hours later you've tracked down someone to take care of your problem, and an hour after that it's done. Woe betide the remote employee who doesn't start out with an automatic support network of the people in the offices near him.

HR/benefits is never your friend. Example: you read the rules of how the 401k matching works (updated for this year!) on the company's benefits web site, and schedule your 401k contributions accordingly. Except the matches don't come in properly. So you file an HR ticket, which gets ignored. So you go and find the appropriate person via networking (see above) and say 'look this isn't working how your document says it should'. And they say 'wait where did you get that document' and you say '...the benefits web site?' And two hours later they write you an email saying 'thank you for pointing out that document, it was wrong and we have removed it and the right document is elsewhere and it says that you're going to lose out on several thousand dollars this year and that is not our problem.' And if you want your money, that you were entitled to according to their own document, you will have to sue them, because not giving you the money you were entitled to is a hill that they will die on.

HR/benefits makes a LOT of mistakes. For example, issuing incorrect W2s, and then having to correct them, and issuing incorrect CORRECTIONS, and having to correct THOSE. And then next year issuing incorrect W2s AGAIN.

Like 'accidentally' taking double the legal amount for HSAs out of your paycheck, and then telling you that they couldn't correct it themselves, and that you would have to do so (even though the HSA contractor they use says that it's their responsibility to correct it). And then in order to correct it making you sign a document that says 'the undersigned has been advised to discuss this with a CPA or a tax law expert' and then refusing to pay for you to discuss this with a CPA or a tax law expert. Even though they are the ones who created the problem in the first place.

Like giving people the wrong cell phone reimbursement policy, and then after they've put in their expenses for the first two months, telling them that that was not the right policy and that it was their responsibility to know what the right policy was.

Like their parent company (SAP) having an on-call-time pay policy, and Concur accidentally allowing on-call-time reimbursement for one person, but when the other people who are on call and want to be paid for it too ask for it, Concur discovering their 'error' and lecturing them on how all developers should be DevOps and should expect to be on call 24/7 as part of their job description. This despite mediocre pay and benefits, no stock options, and crappy bonuses. "Look, if you have to work from 5 AM until 7 PM on January 1st, hung over, and you miss a party you were looking forward to for weeks, that is not our problem. Maybe you can ask your manager for a day off. But not two days off. That would be crazy."

The most astonishing thing about working at Concur is that there are still some good people there. I can't imagine how, though.
Advice: Quit.
Pros: I honestly can't think of any. All of the ones I can think of would be disguised insults.

Cons: None. SAP takes great care of their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership with empathy towards employees, ability and opportunities in career progression, employee recognition programs, D&amp;I initiative to drive more women in leadership positions, benefits (paid vacation, stock options, 401K, health benefits, paid maternity/paternity time off, etc.), flexibility in work hours, COVID-19 resources (mental and physical health programs and work-life balance time off)

Cons: There are no cons working for the SAP California-based corp dev team
Advice: None
Pros: The SAP corp dev team members in Palo Alto, CA are brilliant and extremely talented. The work is fascinating and the learning opportunities are vast. Management is actively invested in their employee’s growth. SAP hires a truly diverse workforce that exceeds expectations; the people are exceptional. 

SAP truly takes care of their employees.

Cons: Little advancement for women; very few women in leadership and management positions
Allow poor mangement to remain and even promote them
Advice: Need to take employee feedback from Employee Sat survey and begin to either train or discipline poor managers or put them on a Performance Plan and dismiss them.
Pros: Good work life balance, competitive pay; very pleased with company embracing virtual and remote employees.

Cons: It's easy to get wrapped up in the demands of the job, and your work/life balance will suffer as a result.  Job is very demanding, with lots of travel usually, so you have to learn to manage that.
Advice: None
Pros: Great technology, cares about it's people, lots of career opportunities, good money.  SAP continually reinvents itself to stay on tops of it's game, and stay relevant.

Cons: there are too many incapable mid-management. Some good talents are not paid properly or embroiled into unnecessary politics. The senior management and executives are disconnected from working people thanks to mid-managers.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is better than any other company. It respects people's private time and family matters.  Many people works from home if needed though people have to balance it.

Cons: Expectations were often difficult to achieve. From the sales side revenue expectations per individual sales engineer were difficult to attain in certain verticals and product lines and seemed to continue to rise. Pay per deal seemed to continually decrease over time.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was definitely above average. Worked with extremely bright hardworking people. Innovative company with a lot of moving parts (i.e. products and solutions).

Cons: Could be a bit stressful at times and trying to balance working on several things at once could create some hectic situations.
Advice: I hadn't had much direct involvement with my actual managers, which I suppose could be taken as a positive/negative depending on your outlook.
Pros: Was a quick-paced and team-oriented environment.  Having the opportunity to work with a variety of people on differing products was a plus.

Cons: - they are about to lose their corporate identity. In the past it was something special to work for them. In the meantime, I only fealt as a anonymous number.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great colleagues and work atmosphere,
- Enjoyed working for them (11y GER/6y US) every single days
- Optimal health care coverage
- Nice campus in the Philadelphia area

Cons: Expectation/output is sometimes heroic but it is work, right?
Advice: Communication is key, make time for direct reports, address negatives immediately, and focus on growth of team.
Pros: Excellent pay, amazing benefits, beautiful buildings and grounds, five star food for breakfast and lunch. The MOST intelligent group of humans on the planet work here! Great events and collaboration encouraged. Corporate social responsibility top notch - the pros are endless.

Cons: Crazy amounts of admin work really drains and slows you down. Multiple updates to various VPs weekly. Your department is usually isolated and your success can depend on your boss as it's required to include them in most deals.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good customer base and net new market opportunity. SAP goes all out to make their employees feel valued.

Cons: Nothing comes to mind in this section of the review at the moment. SAP continues to invest heavily in R&D and it shows in its vast portfolio.
Advice: #BBB NICE JOB, keep it going.
Pros: People who work at SAP are World class, smart, doers who push each other to be the best for the customer. Intense, dynamic tech environment perfect for high achievers and go-getters.

Cons: Very poor management. 
Lack of transparency from upper management to consultants.
Management does not provide any direction as to what is going on.
Advice: Transparency!!! This  needs to be communicated from the highest level of management. Management needs to provide clear direction as to what is going on.
Pros: Great work atmosphere. 
Generous vacation and sick time (unlimited). 
Stable software platform for the systems to run off of.

Cons: Salary and titles are never discussed openly. It’s hard to understand what is expected at every level and how to achieve next level. Sometimes it feels that your efforts are gone unnoticed.
Advice: None
Pros: Provides good Flexibility to get good balance of work n life. The work culture is good. People are in general good and helpful.

Cons: Lack of training opportunities for all employees 
Lack of conflict resolution process 
Highly political
Advice: Publish training expectations and allow employees to attend training (currently, some employees are able to attend multiple trainings/year while others are only approved training every 2-4 years).  
If and when bullying/harassment occurs, take action.  There should be repercussions for the bully/harasser.
Pros: Great colleagues
Access to internal product material
Dynamic environment

Cons: Getting used to a German-based culture. Getting a little too big to pivot efficiently.
Advice: Really need to work on internal processes, use your own products, invest in standardization. You can only sell the sizzle so many times before people wonder where the steak is.
Pros: Great benefits and vacation. Leading company worldwide and great brand. Opportunities to advance and drive your own career.

Cons: There aren't many for me right now - SAP has been a fantastic employer!
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked for SAP for 3.5 years now and I have had extensive growth opportunities, excellent and easily accessible training, and great compensation and benefits. My bosses have always been interested in helping me develop my career with SAP and taking it in the direction I want to go.

Cons: none that I can think of at this time
Advice: Keep on keepin' on!
Pros: Great atmosphere and culture, really love the people I work with and the work hard/play hard mentality.  Work life balance is also not like anything I have ever had before; it is wonderful to be able to support a career and family and not feel like I'm sacrificing one over the other.

Cons: Due to the number of benefits, SAP tends to have salaries that are a bit below the average of comparable employers.
Advice: Encourage salary growth outside of people leaving for 1-2 years and then coming back.
Pros: The company environment encourages working extremely hard and then taking well deserved PTO throughout the year. The benefits are great and the work is challenging in a good way.

Cons: While company encourages time off and a healthy life/work balance, there is always more than enough work so it is easy to work too much
Advice: Continue great efforts to date measuring and improving trust in leadership and leadership transparency
Pros: Opportunity to fail (e.g. employees in my experience are encouraged to stretch their limits and not punished should they fail attempting to do so)

Cons: has been slow in the past to change some of its software offerings, but that has really changed the past two years
Advice: Keep innovating and advancing the customer first theme and continue to partner with customers which benefits all parties...keep customer for life vision
Pros: Challenging, demanding, and changing work culture when you can advance quickly if you are flexible

Cons: Still some SILO's so who you work for matters, work life balance can be challenging
Advice: Take more time to get the career pathing working well, I watched some very great people get passed over or not utilized well
Pros: Worked at SAP for many years. Its a great place to land, free lunch everyday, great benefits and a lot of very smart people to learn from .

Cons: have bigger office space in some locations
Advice: keep it going, you are awesome!
Pros: True care for employees, especially during disruption and crisis times, such as COVID19.  Real time, most transparent communication, empathy and very inspiring leadership that fosters community support and puts individuals first. Respect for customers and focus on customer's needs rather than sales targets.

Cons: Insular culture without much networking or college/university outreach within the company. If you're early in your career it's a great place to learn, but look out for your career and think about other companies that can challenge you to grow in new ways.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, fairly laid back company culture, competitive pay, and a lot of investment into learning and upskilling.

Cons: Too bureaucratic, top heavy, misguided acquisitions that become dead end solutions technologically and end up being white elephants that are quietly buried afterwards
Advice: More equity participation to employees instead of board members would generate a lot more loyalty in the rank and file
Pros: Collaborative working atmosphere, great work-life balance, lifelong learning opportunity, great benefits, multiple options of growth in the leading enterprise software company of the world

Cons: Pay is less as compared to what you expect. However, this is compensated with other SAP benefits. Promotions are a bit slower and also depend on the team you are into.
Advice: Pay needs to be matched with the market to retain employees. Otherwise, everything else is good.
Pros: Exceptional team collaboration, mentors, and senior folks are super friendly. Direct managers are understanding and supportive. Undoubtedly, best work culture.

Cons: Sometimes the decisions of executive management make you scratch your head, especially when you show them the data and they move down a different path than the one you recommended.
Advice: Data speaks louder than anything else.
Pros: Great work environment in terms of people, no pressure to return to the office, good pay and benefits, and the workload, while sometimes heavy, is generally manageable.

Cons: If you are strong leader,  ambitious,  or a believer in meritocracy you'll be discouraged 
No clear career paths 
Complete redundancy due to overly siloed structure
Advice: Learn how to manage, foster a culture of excellence and reward those who excel fairly
Pros: Rare layoffs due to workers council
Good place to loiter until retirement if not ambitious and are content to not learn or grow

Cons: Lots of politics, turf wars with acquisitions, "screw you I am not helping you" mentality. Worked with some people who provided zero value but stayed in their jobs via personal relationships. Big egos.
Advice: They won't listen to me.
Pros: Some nice things:. Salaries are high, excellent health care. Offices are luxurious. Some people think working at SAP is prestigious. Lot's of opportunities and internal tools to learn.

Cons: Low salaries compared to other similar companies
Advice: The guys in the management and HR should know what a promotion means and how to reward employees and should have a dedicated budget for salary increases for promotions.
There company offers promotion but with very little or almost no pay raise. You just get a new title and that's it!
Pros: Talented people
great culture
work life balance
excellent benefits

Cons: It's hard to start running when you get shot in both feet. Good luck getting anything done internally (including quotes!!).
Advice: Figure out your back end CRM and Sales support, Millenials will not put up with it. No one wants to acknowledge what is broken, and leadership is constantly playing CYA for themselves.
Pros: If you get top accounts it can be exciting because of SAP's reach

Cons: Somewhat demanding on personal time, and requires a flexible employee around this need.  Mothership is in Germany, so you can expect some early meetings possibly in addition to your normal US shift.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to move position or locations.  Good communications from leadership, and well guided.  Intelligent co-workers, and a very equal opportunity workplace.

Cons: They own your life....really.... SAP does not care about its individual employees, only the quarterly performance. Management turnover is the worst I have ever seen.
Advice: Act like you actually care for the employees,  beyond just hitting a number.
Pros: Small chance at making a million dollars in commission. high chance at not staying longer than a year.

Cons: Internal competition/duplication of effort creates space to be creative and innovative but also introduces confusion and inefficiencies
Advice: Set clear direction and goals for your teams. Autonomy is great but some structure is needed to operate efficiently with a shared purpose.
Pros: Great benefits, loads of autonomy, solid company, smart people, and plenty of opportunity to move up and around within the company.

Cons: There are a lot of people at SAP and a lot of teams and it can be difficult to understand who does what and people who do similar things can have very different titles.
Advice: None
Pros: Internships can be 6 months to 1 year I was able to feel fully integrated with my team and felt crucial to our day to day operations

Cons: You'll see the same issues you see any any big company. Sometimes it's difficult to get things done, unless you know someone personally. Reorganizations are often lengthy, cumbersome and political.
Advice: Streamline reorganizations, simplify processes
Pros: SAP is very flexible. In a lot of cases, you can work from anywhere. You can also move from position to position fairly easily, so you can create your own destiny.

Cons: Fast growth in areas related to cloud solutions has caused disruption and sometimes chaotic management activity.    Getting processes in place to enable employees to be effective can be a challenge at times.
Advice: Keep the eye on the customer when making internally focused decisions.
Pros: Challenging and rewarding work.   Great HR benefits including an environment focused on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: Management is full of ignorant people. HR does not even care. Give them your life and invasion of privacy. Check your emails while you are on vacation. Non pay sick day? Better not take it even if it's not paid, let a lone paid. Managers tell you straight to your face insulting words even my colleague was facing mental issues. All my co workers and I wonder how the heck this place get rated as best place to work for? We are all miserable here. Maybe because when we went to HR they don't even care for these issues so nobody bother to report? Or tbh even scared of the pettiness they will stab you in the back and find out who writes this review and let you go.
This place does not have a problem of letting people go. If you work here and you see it you know it's true they all do off source labors and contracting work that's it. The salary is great, yeah for full time workers. And guess what, you don't even stand a chance for full time even if you are an internal application. Disrespect is everywhere from management. Ready to yell at you for mistakes and never an appreciation. People are so petty they even find problems to report you for using phones and act like they are special. Oh and nobody holds doors for you with a smile ever here. They do it like it's a task and they are scared of socialization. Elevator talk? Forget it. A good morning from stranger? Forget it. Free food? You are ready to pay for pasta and sauce with no meatball? Meatball is extra charge! Oh and the lines re infinite and you basically fight for tables. And nobody cares about being rude to others but try to talk on the phone in the bathroom, rhey will look at you like you are crazy.
Advice: Nothing. Too toxic the CEO even stepped down. Maybe fire everyone?
Pros: Nothing. Full of contracting work. Companies does not care about hiring full time. You can be a contractor here for 30 years for all they care

Cons: With a large company, there are some duplication of efforts and this is a result of numerous acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for close to 15 years and each area that I have work in, I encounter some of the best, knowledgeable and collaborative colleagues.  
Industry leading medical, dental and vision benefits. 
SAP is involved in the community, sustainability and provides world class internships.
Global job opportunities.

Cons: You probably won't have a lot to whine about around the water cooler ;-)

Big companies grow more slowly - not going to leapfrog  up the corporate ladder like you can in a startup.
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive policies, supportive management, collaborative environment. Competitive compensation and benefits. Strong work/life balance. Opportunities to grow. Even in the midst of the pandemic - they remain a strong and ethical company.

Cons: Pay is pathetic compared to other companies.
Advice: Chill with the nepotism. It’s so obvious and offputtinng that I spend 2 hours a day working on finding new roles and 2 hours upskilling myself for those new roles
Pros: Stock program is great. However, the company has gone from a tech company to a “managers managing managers” company.

Cons: I guess my only con would be that with it being such a big company, it's easy to get lost in the shuffle. The responsibility is on you to take charge and tell management what your goals are.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: Tons of career opportunities and it feels like management really gives you the tools to make the most out of your current role.

Cons: Struggling to be a mature organization and has a lot of commitments and tight timeframes which can hurt work home balance
Advice: Lean into leadership training on organizational excellence and being able to define objectives, goals and strategies which cascade down to the individual contributor.
Pros: Company really cares about employees, good benefits, overall a good culture and working experience

Cons: It's a big company and as such, changes or updates to existing practices is a bit harder to get going than, say, a startup.
Advice: None
Pros: The team feels more like a group of people who like each other that happen to also work together. There is support and encouragement to learn new skills while on the job, to further the project but also oneself.

Cons: Typical big company policies and procedures to follow
Advice: Keep focused on culture where employees feel valued and supported and where we can do our best work on behalf of our customers.
Pros: Accounts executives are set-up for success with a ton of resources to help you be successful
Very innovative software solutions for companies of all sizes
Very people oriented and customer oriented culture

Cons: I'd like to see more collaboration across LoB and Platforms
Advice: I'd like to see more collaboration across LoB and Platforms. I'd like to learn more about SCM/DSC as it will help me improve in my current role.  I like the idea of the fellowship, but that model doesn't work for everyone.
Pros: Great people, lots of options to try different roles, strong employer, exciting technology

Cons: Work life balance is good, but each employee needs to help ensure that they take some down time which is not all bad.
Advice: SAP Exec team - keep up the great work and support for your employees!  #SAPProud
Pros: SAP has the executive vision to contribute to helping the world run better while leveraging key SAP enablers from our technology

Cons: Very political landscape that makes it extraordinarily difficult to accomplish even the simplest of goals; significant issue with a lack of women (or any real diversity) in leadership; significant Board turnover lately; very German mindset at the helm that doesn't always understand the broader global landscape; current leadership has very little Cloud experience
Advice: None
Pros: Super stable, fairly well known brand, great benefits, solid reputation

Cons: .... but it mostly benefit people who are white/ Caucasian, because over 95% of employees under SAP Global Marketing in the North America is WHITE!!
Advice: 
Pros: Good benefits, flexible work, WFH, it is all great is you are white, because 95% of SAP Global Marketing is white.  If you are white, it good, else you are lonely

Cons: Poor integration of acquired companies, confusing organization
Advice: Do a better job of showing how people's contributions align with and affect corporate strategy.
Pros: I've never worked at a company that actually cares about it's employees as much as SAP does. Management really does care and that goes a long way. Also, generous time off and good compensation.

Cons: Poor HR function; career management; Positive discrimination on women and minorities; Organizational Complexity; HR role on reallocations processes; risk adverse;
Advice: None
Pros: Actual CEO - Bill McDermoth; Company strategy and product portfolio; customer focus; Job opportunities in the lower levels; Stock purchase program; Social impact and initiatives; Ability to deliver on customer commitments

Cons: 80k+ employees leads to some bureaucracy and "design by committee"
Advice: strong leaders with vision in key positions will drive strategy faster than group acceptance
Pros: Broad range of technologies to work with, pockets of deep technical knowledge and always someone willing to share what they know and what they're working on.  Global workforce always bringing fresh new ideas to the table.

Cons: Very political, need to be in Philadelphia to go anywhere in the US part of the organization.
Advice: Would rather bring people from China, India, or Ireland at much lower salaries than cultivate talent in US.
Pros: Overall, a good place to work for 5 years or so.  If you're not in leading something you'll need to move on to another area.

Cons: At first, the ever changing environment was a negative, but everyone soon realizes that even the change is a great think as it almost always turns out for the best.
Advice: Keep any surprises to a minimum.
Pros: The company has unending potential for growth in your career.  Mostly everyone is extremely customer focused and ready to do what is best for the team.

Cons: The worst culture. They pretend to be progressive and transparent, but they are passive aggressive. I worked for a Manager / VP who brought no value. Weird experience, happy to leave.
Advice: Figure out your culture and have managers who bring value.
Pros: Large territories and lots of freedom to market and network.  Great products.

Cons: Sometimes hard to keep your hands on all of the other SAP sales teams, and their activities, in your account.
Advice: Keep being supportive and customer focused.
Pros: Sales people are surrounded by people that really want to help them succeed.
You really feel like you are helping your clients run businesses better.
Management is supportive and great in front of your clients.
Very customer focused.

Cons: It's a large company, which can be tough to navigate, but management makes it easier!
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: A great work/life balance.
They respect your ability to do your job and let you do it, knowing that you can always ask for help and you will get the support needed.
A great brand with a great product.

Cons: I honestly couldn't think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: At SAP, you have the opportunity to develop, network, and an environment to share ideas with peers and management. Teams really work together to support overall goals. Vacation days are earned quickly, starting with 3 weeks plus holidays. Flexibility to work when and how you work best- workplace of the future.

Cons: Being a contractor doesn't allow all of the same employee perks
It can take a while (years) to become internal from a contractor role
lack of communication between teams, orgs, etc
Advice: maybe having a better path for contracts looking to become internal. You lose some very good talent from people not willing to wait YEARS.
Pros: Excellent career planning
Access to personal and professional training sessions
Great company culture!
Flexibility

Cons: - this company runs in German nepotism by its dear leader hasso. 

If you are okay with executives running business units that they are completely unfit for, you belong here. 

It’s the lowest paying company in the Bay Area - but the work is painfully easy that you can coast to retirement here.

My total compensation is double what it was at SAP after leaving,
Advice: Mannheim business school and hasso plattner institute are not the only places top level executives are built.
Pros: Free lunch. That’s pretty much it

Cons: Complicated hierarchy... A lot of time wasted in useless stuff (probably because it is a german company). Hard to get a position
Advice: Treat your interns better and offer them positions. They are the future of the company. A real internship program would be good.
Pros: Great experience as an internship. SAP is a very interesting company and one of the leader for ERPs. Many great people at SAP.

Cons: A bit unstable with all the SAP changes, Feast or famine for sales people.
Advice: Connect with your sales people more often
Pros: Work life balance, hot product, growing the like crazy, can make some great money if you do well. Global HR is taking off. Being part of SAP is great in terms of deals coming your way.

Cons: Not many.  Speaking German certainly helps, especially is you report to a German boss.  Like many IT companies, SAP is struggling to make the move to the cloud but I'm sure they will figure it out and be in great shape.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with very bright people.  Challenging work environment where you have to bring you A game every day.

Cons: Systems, and complexity of a larger organization
Some cases the rewards system is not aligned
Advice: Keep up hte good work, driving to the vision.. find ways to simplify and reward
Pros: Fantastic and innovative leadership
Support and training to develop  yourself and your employees
Very talented co workers
Like I said.. Who does not want to work for a market leader

Cons: Can be perceived as outdated technology in fast paced Silicon Valley but it's not true
Lot of hierarchy, bureaucracy and complexity in cross team work
Advice: Pretty darned good top management, but mid management needs to translate the company goals into tangible action items for the employees
Pros: Flexible timings
Work life balance
Interesting work if one lands up a role in emerging business units

Cons: Can be some sharks in the sales organization, but that's sales. High expectations, and can be difficult to navigate an 84k person organization.
Advice: Apply the Run Simple principle to our internal operations.
Pros: This company employs smart people that keep you on your toes and learning every day. SAP is willing to invest in its workforce and brings a fantastic work-life balance.

Cons: To much red tape. Reorganization happens almost every 6 months. Many acquisitions and poor integration has made so many silos. Any new policy/benefits comes with many paragraphs applicable to different company’s’ employees.
Advice: Make the internal organization and management simple too.
Pros: With many acquisition you get many opportunities for you to move around if you really try and have manager’s backing.

Cons: SAP is a large company - which can be overwhelming to some employees,  the company's culture is dedicated to creating a sense of belonging, which can help you to truly feel like you  are a part of the family!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is truly focused on making the world run better and is dedicated to equipping it's people to ensure this occurs.

Cons: - Lots of virtual meetings and sometimes at odd hours due to the nature of working at a large international company
Advice: None
Pros: - Work/Life balance
- Interesting work
- Lots of training opportunities and also opportunities to advance 
- Extensive corporate social responsibility program 
- Supportive colleagues and good senior management team
- Great benefits including vacation time and flexibility to work from home

Cons: Pay is pathetic compared to other companies.
Advice: Chill with the nepotism. It’s so obvious and offputtinng that I spend 2 hours a day working on finding new roles and 2 hours upskilling myself for those new roles
Pros: Stock program is great. However, the company has gone from a tech company to a “managers managing managers” company.

Cons: Struggling to change from a process driven organization ( but making progress)
You can end up working your tail off
Big expectation that you deliver
Advice: Continue the evolution to an innovation-driven organization
Listen to new, fresh ideas and leaders
Keep up the great work
Pros: Great people
Serious renewed focus on innovation
Encouraged to step out and make your own path
Rewarded for performance
Weeding out the "old guard"

Cons: It is too large of an organization. Sometimes, it feels like everything works hierarchically. But the organization is aware of this and actively tries to get rid of this.
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with some of the most complex software systems out there. Had a great mentor-mentee relationship with manager. The culture is great for self-development and continuous improvement. The best place I have ever worked at!

Cons: Work life balance is not very good.  There is more to do than can be done at any time.
Advice: Continue to simplify the business.....
Pros: Great company with good benefits.  They are in the process of recreating themselves with new innovative products.  Good opportunities in my 10 years at SAP.  The compensation has been very good and leadership has been solid.

Cons: Too much of a boys club at the top
Margin is emphasized above all else
You have to be in sales to become anyone at SAP.
Advice: Stop doing so many reorgs and outsourcing jobs.  The fabric of the company is slowly unravelling
Pros: The pay and benefits are above average for my job.
Management at least talks about a good work/life balance

Cons: company culture is changing due to SAP acquisition
Advice: Don't introduce SAP processes to slow innovation
Pros: great work environment, great leadership in product management and engineering, beautiful office space in South San Francisco with a spectular view of the Bay, if you are a good performer SFSF will take care of you financially with bonus and stock options

Cons: Sometimes big companies move a little slow, reorganisations can slow down productivity, compensation for new hires isn't competitive enough to focus on hiring strong people only
Advice: Stay behind your own decisions, move more quickly, acknowledge great employees
Pros: Good work-life balance, a lot of smart people around, going the innovation way, very customer focused and customer driven

Cons: Technology is continuing to be outdated. SAP is content to sit on market share and not drive innovation in the market.
Advice: imagine if Google had your client base and access to their key processes.  What would they do with it?  How would they drive innovation?
Pros: Market leader with a well respected brand.   When you call, prospective customers will speak to you because of this.

Cons: For long term employees, growth is very slow! Your best bet is to move out of the company and get re-hired to get bigger pay package.
Advice: Your long term employees are your wealth, please treat them fair!
Pros: One of the greatest software companies, ever innovating and positioning. The teams are great and the engineering is great.

Cons: not fast paced. a very process-oriented machine makes you feel like a tiny part of the organisation. Tribal knowledge is absolutely key for success.
Advice: Help people change positions horizontally
Pros: good benefits, flexible policies. Well remunerated. Folks tend to be "old": very experienced, very senior. The sales force is more experienced and senior than at the competition. The innovation portfolio is solid and growing.

Cons: Typical for large international company, complex. SAP has outgrown its historic organization structure and needs to move to Business Units - induces growing pains in the moment
Advice: Keep the culture and openness, accelerate the Business Unit transformation
Pros: Diverse Work environment, stability of business, great culture, corporate "democracy", flexibility for SAPs size, corporate and product strategy

Cons: It can be hard to turn such a large ship, but you are still able to make an impact at your role level
Advice: I really appreciate the transparency and humanity SAP and SAP Concur have demonstrated, especially amidst the chaos of 2020.
Pros: Very positive and supportive culture; Global resources; You are not a number - still feels very close-knit and friendly

Cons: Depending on where you live the commute is kind kind of bad. Could be light now due to covid but when covid is over... pack your patience. Might not always get comission
Advice: Management should push for job security no matter what.
Pros: Nice salary!
Free food.
Fun team environment!
Great leadership with management!
Decent Salary!
Benefits health and dental and vision. 
401 k matching

Cons: Depending upon local team &amp; involvement of other locations: silo mentality, poor cooperation, poor inclusion &amp; diversity, toxic workplace, excellent people leaving, mediocre people staying.
Advice: Focus on substance, not appearance. Stop infighting.
Pros: Depending upon local team &amp; involvement of other locations: excellent engineers, great inclusion &amp; diversity, cutting edge technologies. Decent benefits.

Cons: Hard to get promoted. Hard to get recognized.
Consultancy performance is rated by management too highly on utilization and not enough emphasis on quality of work.
Financial company achievements are not translated into renumeration for employees.
Advice: Improve career prospects
Pros: Good place to work, good salaries, good place to develop knowledge,  good benefits. Well run company.  World leader in industry.

Cons: Most of the non-technical opportunities are at other locations such as Newtown Square, PA or the headquarters in Waldorf Germany.
Advice: The work facilities are being designed to encourage employees to work at home.  This seems to be contrary to the efforts to encourage onsite interaction.
Pros: The best things are the diversity of employees, benefits (including a decent free lunch) and work location in Palo Alto.

Cons: Very easy to get pigeon holed into a position, and very tough to get out of. Growth is bad.   Not everywhere, just in PS.  Time sheets and expense reporting very cumbersome.
Advice: Too many mid-level managers.  This needs to be thinned out.
Pros: Great place if you are in the right position.  Compensation and benefits good. And people generally nice.

Cons: -Not a clear career path
-Not enough hands on training
-High attrition rate
Advice: -Implement more training's
-Hold on to top talent
Pros: -Gain tons of industry knowledge
-Work with some bright individuals
-Lots of perks: benefits, lunches, electronics (IPAD, laptop, cell phones)
-They take care of their employees
-Andrew at the front desk is amazing
-Upper management is always available to talk
-Lot of volunteering opportunities within the company

Cons: Minor growing pains relating to recent acquisitions and shift in strategy. Focus on simplification needs to be more than just a rallying cry, but a reality for the market to understand the full depth of out potential.
Advice: None
Pros: Cloud focus and investment is taking the business forward. Leadership is focused at the right level. Company culture is professional and dynamic.

Cons: Lots of politics in marketing with endless reorganizations and execs getting fired for not being on the "right team" politically. Organization slow to change the way it markets (very event-dependent). Getting performance data from disconnected legacy system nearly impossible. Hard to get anything done with consensus culture and endless calls with 50 people on with little authority to make decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Large organization with many resources

Cons: Poorly transitioned in by SAP; Lots of tension between SFSF and Ariba people. Shotgun marriage, horrible results!
Advice: Stop running everything from Walldorf
Pros: SAP throws in massive resource, good intentions, not always in the right places.
Still known as an HCM leader, still a few good people left,

Cons: - Lots of internal politics and bureaucratic red tape make many tasks considerably more painful than they need to be
Advice: Keep the processes simple
Pros: - Lots of independence to work the way you deem best
- Many learning opportunities and trainings / self learning is highly encouraged
- As a young professional, you get a lot more responsibility than you would likely get at other companies

Cons: Only con is that it's a large company but there are also benefits of that, such as opportunities for growth and programs that promote work/life balance :-)
Advice: - Can we clone Bill?  and Bjoern?  and Rob? and Jennifer? and...
- More opportunities to work with colleagues in person
Pros: Opportunity to grow; work/life balance; leadership I trust

Cons: It is a really big company. At times it can be difficult to see the value you are providing
Advice: Try your best to promote solely on merit.
Pros: Great amount of time off
Great benefits
Employees are treated fairly
Opportunities to move around the country/world
Lots of opportunities to give another job a try.
Employees feel like they are cared about.. instead of just a number.

Cons: The design organization at SAP is dysfunctional. Management and C-levels are too focused on the political aspect of the company.  It's also primarily engineering driven versus design, which makes it very difficult to create meaningful products. Majority of the  time, things can't be done with high quality results.
Advice: None
Pros: There's a great work-life balance.

Cons: Internal department silos continue to impede customer service, but I have seen much improvement over the years.
Advice: Continue to make employees feel appreciated and supporting the UN's 17 Sustainable Development Goals
Pros: SAP promotes a positive work-life balance and supports the health of the employees by providing Flexible work schedules, telecommuting, innovation health &amp; other benefits. Opportunities for growth &amp; promotion.

Cons: As a customer support analyst, you are required to work rotating shifts. If you have a family this in not the job for you. 

Onboarding and training took forever because of the nature of the side of the business
Advice: Be clear on job postings about requiring to work a rotating schedule.
Pros: Benefits are amazing! Better than some of the best around.

Cons: use case, approval and development just take too long, lots of discussion, analysis paralysis...takes literary years to develop anything new; career opportunities depend on what part of org you are in, if in NA pretty good and diverse, if part of global with management in Walldorf almost non-existent..white males dominate
Advice: None
Pros: overall nice work environment, great benefits, work-live balance, nice people

Cons: There are no cons. It is the best place to work!
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: The pros of this company has a list that is too long. SAP rates above all in Diversity, Loyalty, Creativity, Flexibility, and opportunities. SAP is a leader in every aspect, for their customers, employees, and the world around them.

Cons: Since the company is German, sometimes it feels like employees in the US have a lesser say, although they are actively improving this.
Advice: None
Pros: The company puts an emphasis on personal development, learning and mental health. They encourage taking time off. The work is meaningful and done to a high standard always focusing on the outcomes.

Cons: -Can be cumbersome/bureaucratic
-Even before Covid there was a weak office culture, it's mainly a WFH company, which can leave the office feeling a bit boring
Advice: Bring offices into the city -- too many of them are in the suburbs and only really an option for the employees interested in a suburban lifestyle
Pros: -Friendly people
-Competitive pay
-Great work-life balance
-Company genuinely cares

Cons: SAP is a large company which takes effort &amp; time to navigate at times.
Advice: Continue our to drive our customer first strategy, and everything else follow.  It is our greatest strength.
Pros: Truly cares about each employee. It is demonstrated every day from overall benefits, to management and the way SAP has cared for customers &amp; employees during the COVID crisis.

Cons: Political in nature, German culture, Boys club/ Girls club culture. Highly hierarchical
Advice: Breakdown hierarchy and political nature. There is nothing called a healthy competition when you pitch regions against regions and then say ONE SAP.
Pros: Business expertise in a technology field, training, great place to learn

Cons: Company strategy changes a lot, things dont always move as quickly as you want them to go. It is difficult to move across departments, especially going from consulting to a non-revenue job.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work from home policy.  Generous benefits, especially if you are at one of the HQ offices. For consultants, the expense policy is really liberal.

Cons: Had to work late hours or early morning due to time zone difference,went through re-org at least once a year. Better to be at the "right" locations, seems US is not on that list.
Advice: None
Pros: Chance to work for a global company with teams in different locations and different culture backgrounds. Good pay with good benefits, telecommute if you want to.

Cons: No intern program or oversight on the workload you're asked complete. Work hours - expect 60-70 with no overtime. One out of 20+ interns were converted to full-time HR employees in the last 3 years. Internship expected to last for over 2 years
Advice: Stop working interns like mules.
Pros: Exposure to multiple areas of HR. Lunch. Involvement in projects (compete w/ other interns though)

Cons: Reorganization happens quite often, it led to unexpected future for working project. However, the job is stable most of the time,
Advice: Consider feedback of employee and developer for project's potential future.
Pros: The working environment is very friendly, although it is a big corporation. Benefits are good, lunch is provided. And most important, the communication is transparent from management to employee

Cons: It's hard to think of any downside!
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great tech, great business! Super collaborative environment. The company has everything going for it. The UI is beautiful, the tech is solid, the culture is supportive and incredibly smart. It feels like everything is going well. There are new challenges every quarter that keep the job exciting and invigorating.

Cons: Since Vishal Sikkha left the company, the leadership that followed seems to be falling back into the comfort zone of doing things the way it used to be done.
Advice: Invest in the right managers - there are many manager who are not the best at managing teams
Pros: Company seemed to be doing well and was investing in design and user experience of products.

Cons: Lack of transparency in performance evaluation and compensation.
Some really awful people.
High turnover.
Advice: Know who your stars are, not just those who make the most noise.
Focus on executing the vision and delivering working solutions.
Pros: Great vision and strategy.
On top of technology trends and innovations.
Aiming to be a player in the digital economy.

Cons: Let good people go.  No communication from management and when there is - not sure it is true
Advice: Can't believe you fired Pam Prejean - she was the best part about PS
Pros: Hire smart people; good benefits

Cons: If you're a contractor, you don't have access to gym or lunch stipend.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company for a young professional. Employee perks including discounts at local retailers, access to the gym, and a stipend for lunch everyday. Room for growth within and flexibility with working from home. Awesome employee events.

Senior management are easy to access via email and at on-site conferences and quarterly updates.

Cons: The culture and teams have changed since being acquired by SAP.  The attitudes and expectations leave a lot to be desired.
Advice: None
Pros: Most of the original SuccessFactors team members are incredible to work with.  The work ethic is strong and they're a fun team to be around.

Cons: Huge company - you can feel like a little fish in a big pond sometimes. Lots of groups and red tape to work with, but everyone is extremely bright and professional.
Advice: None
Pros: Huge amount of resources to get things done - if you have the sponsorship you can really make some magic happen.

Cons: You're just a number at SAP. You have to take late meetings since the company is global. If you have a problem I suggest keeping it to yourself. Do not go to human resources for help no matter the issue.
Advice: None
Pros: You can work from home occasionally. Paid time off is okay and decent benefits package. Bonus is usually five percent of annual gross pay. If you have a problem with management I do not suggest going to human resources. They will not be of much help and will side with management.

Cons: Perhaps the most interesting downside was the over-qualification of most of SAP employees, with many highly-skilled workers with fantastic resumes relegated to simpler roles simply because of the sheer brilliance of working there.
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace, free food, support bus services, allowing people to not worry about driving and have a few drinks after working without worrying about leaving the car.

Cons: If you are looking for a job 40 hours a week then this may not be for you. Good compensation comes with hard work.
Advice: It is becoming a big company environment and it will be difficult to grow at double digit rate year over year.
Pros: Good Compensation and Benefits. Management has vision for continue growth. It has been growing for last 30 years.

Cons: Little to no job feedback (whether positive or negative), which would improve the experience for all parties.The company seems to have shifted its focus from the happiness of their employees to the satisfaction of their clients since the acquisition by SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous PTO/sick day policy, coworkers are friendly and always willing to help, room for advancement within the company.

Cons: Like any large corporation, it is large and can be difficult to comprehend. The key is the building of your own personal relationships and networks. That takes time, but pays off.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP promotes a fluid culture where they want you to succeed. Your success is their success. SAP places a strong emphasis on your growth and development, and rewards accordingly.

Cons: Mid level management stymied by senior mgmt politics. Too much senior VP and above worship.
Advice: Cut down on politics by doing top down and bottom up reviews.
Pros: Fantastic place to build a career, colleagues are mostly focused on doing the right thing. Hard work and smart work rewarded. Company has employee satisfaction as a top priority.

Cons: - Lots of internal politics and bureaucratic red tape make many tasks considerably more painful than they need to be
Advice: Keep the processes simple
Pros: - Lots of independence to work the way you deem best
- Many learning opportunities and trainings / self learning is highly encouraged
- As a young professional, you get a lot more responsibility than you would likely get at other companies

Cons: Some processes are still a bit complex, but the company is continuously working on simplification.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice colleagues. I am working for over 15 years at SAP and there was no single day in my time there that I did not like to come to work. The company also takes care of its employees. Nice place to work

Cons: Terrible Culture. Leaders have never sold product, the turnover is outstandingly HIGH. If you are from Arizona or concidering MIDMARKET? DO NOT! They demote leadership to Sales Reps regularly. Their annual surveys of best place to work are all lies.
Advice: Stop the politics and Get P from Canada outta there.
Pros: Can't think of any since the departure of Bill M and Jen M.

Cons: Good company but many non- sales managers are confused about what they're doing. This results in a lot of busy work.
Advice: Make a plan and stick to it and make sure everyone, top to bottom, knows what is happening
Pros: Truly a global company that allows experience in multiple cultures for those interested. There are many opportunities to move around inside the company.

Cons: No room for advancement if you are located in a high cost country.
Salary uncompetitive and not given fairly for people doing equal work. 
High stress and lots of hours. 

Vaccine status now required. Job threatened if you don’t provide your medical information. Very clear that information will not be kept confidential.
Advice: Actually care about individual people.
Pros: Good benefits
Flexible hours and location

Cons: If you are looking for a place to have a professional growth in terms of becoming a manager this is not the best company to work with. They usually bring excecutives from the outside rarely develop people, even if you are a top performer
Advice: improve motivation and growth for employees.
Pros: Working Moms are very well appreciated
Good Pay
Good Vacation Package

Cons: Might be too fast for some, but not a con!
Advice: Keep encouraging innovation, rewarding excellence, and maintain that open culture that makes SuccessFactors so unique! What a blessing it is to be a part of SuccessFactors!
Pros: Flexible work hours
Challenging work environment that rewards your efforts to achieve excellence
"Everybody is your team" type of mentality
You see and feel that you are contributing to the business an other employees on day 1!
Great benefits

Cons: Work life balance is not always great.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company that has many different kind of opportunities. If you don't like the group you're working in, SAP is so large that you can seek out other groups within the company.  The company also has multiple locations, so you're not always stuck in Newtown Square, PA, although this is somewhat dependent on the group you're in and your position.

Cons: The company is going through a shift now that they have acquired so many companies!
Advice: Work to keep the colleagues that you have!
Pros: SAP has a great work life balance with lots of opportunities to work from home.  Great benefits for employees like free lunch at the office, great health benefits and still a strong bonus system.

Cons: Wants to be the next big cloud play when hugely late in the game with with people that are all about on-prem ERP.  
Really complex place to work, just like their systems.
Advice: Keep it simple stupid, and bring in more cloud people that walk the walk, not just talk.
Pros: Depth, history, and a willingness to change

Cons: Some overlap of responsibilities, limited upward mobility or unclear migration paths.
Advice: Treat everyone equally i.e., provide opportunities based on merit rather than singling out a particular group
Pros: Solid management team, great culture, cohesive strategy make SAP a very attractive company to work for if you are looking for a large enterprise technology company.

Cons: As a publicly traded company, it's a quarter-by-quarter roller coaster. Staffing can go up or quickly down with one bad quarterly forecast.
Advice: The end-of-quarter paranoia paralyzes many people and causes unnecessary distraction.
Pros: SAP is a great company. The caliber of people you get to work with are top-notch. It's also got a very good culture and a positive and professional work environment.

Cons: Getting to act like a very large company, top-down directives, more highly political than 5-6 years ago.  More focus on star-power and personal brand than teamwork and open communication of ideas.   Too many good people losing positions and careers with little notice due to continued right-sizing.
Advice: None
Pros: Mostly great people, respectful, collegial

Cons: Just some typical internal process sluggishness of working for a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership in my business unit trusts me to do my job, gives me the tools I need to do my job and empowers me to lead change and customer satisfaction. I enjoy fantastic work-life-balance, the ability to travel the world and have the security of great benefits and pay.

Cons: Can't come up with one.
Advice: Keep listening to the employees and continue to keep us well informed.
Pros: Great people, great benefits and great programs such as the Austism at Work program.  I was able to work with a few of these individuals at a recent event in Orlando and they were amazing people and very hard workers.

Cons: Part of SAP now which means tighter restrictions on travel, budgets, and hiring.
Advice: Teleconferencing is great but so is face to face when needed. Many remote employees travel to corporate in Bellevue, but Bellevue does not travel to theater offices.
Pros: Flexible Work hours and location, global presence.

Cons: None -  if you are friendly, hard working, and willing to learn, then you will thrive here.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Smart and hard-working colleagues, encouraging work environment, competitive pay and benefits, fun office atmosphere, approachable management. I truly cannot be happier with my decision to switch to SAP almost 2 years ago.

Cons: High expectations of their employees to work hard
Advice: Very happy with my management! I feel heard and supported by my managers.
Pros: Work life balance, great benefits (subsidized lunch &amp; free cupcake day), awesome office gym with fitness class,  great business travel perks, trust in employees to get our work done without micromanaging, support achieving employees for growth and development

Cons: No cons but SAP needs to continue to increase brand recognition so that everyone knows how SAP makes this world Run Better and helps improve people's lives.
Advice: The only constant in the marketplace today is change but too much change, too fast, can be disruptive to our customers and employees
Pros: Inclusive, Innovative and progressive mindset

Cons: From my perspective, there are none!
Advice: NA
Pros: Talent and Hard work is definitely recognized!
I am fortunate to have a fantastic Manager, who has the best interests of her team!
Abundant learning opportunities. The sky is truly the limit..! 
During these difficult Covid times, I've understood what a caring organization I'm part of!!

Cons: SAP is a relatively conservative company, you have to gone through a lot of meetings and discussions in order to make a simple decision.  Sometimes it is frustrating, but I think every big company has the same issue.
Advice: 
Pros: Its a big company, so there are many areas to grow your career and further advancement

Cons: Too much Germany control in application development
Consensus culture means decisions take forever and bureaucratic processes stymie local decision making and execution
Unwilling to accept failures and move on such as business by design
Advice: Give autonomy to SVP level people with a budget and revenue target. Let them make their own decisions and prove them.
Pros: Great, collaborative, collegiate culture
Excellent salary & benefits across the board
Smart colleagues

Cons: This is specific to La Crosse as I have little experience with other offices: 
- Managers who are not qualified for their position.
- Coworkers discouraged from working together
- Interaction between employees is like being in grade school again
- Little reward for hard work
- No work-life balance
- Difficult to be promoted because the senior manager is stuck in his position because he is unpromotable.
Advice: Get a clue
Pros: Not really much to say here.  There are some unique benefits, but they are vastly out-weighed by the inferior management here.

Cons: Lots of dead weight. People stay there to collect retirement. I've seen lots employees just sit at their cubes pretending to do work and they always say they are so busy. Very poor management.
Advice: Senior management needs to really look at the caliber of their employees. Single out people who have been there for 5-10 years or more and you will find out they are the ones who are bringing the company down.
Pros: You can surf the web all day long, pay your bills, make lots of personal phone calls.

Cons: Process Intensive.  Simply requesting a memory upgrade for a laptop might take up to two months to get approved.  That being said, the process for booking business travel was streamlined, and painless.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional team and top flight talent, as of 2008.  Good Benefits.  Excellent training curriculum for the product suite.

Cons: Very current quarter focussed.  If you have a good patch, then it is a great place and you have the time and space to build relationships and develop your pipeline/opportunities.  If you have a bad patch, you are micro managed, and do not have as much time to engage with your customers.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, great products, great marketing, global brand

Cons: Impetuous leadership vision to focus on sales and only sales while business implications at the time of software deployment suffer.
Advice: Approachable communication with upper management is needed. Talented subordinates have an insurmountable mechanism to address their issues when direct manager(s) are incapable to do their job.
Pros: Direct access to communicating with skilled German software engineers who can resolve technical matters.

Cons: The group I worked at was small, but SAP is huge and the feeling was apathy to the final product, everyone left right at 5pm, not much passion for the work.
Advice: Don't just give cushy money to different groups. Make people care about what they do
Pros: -global position
-good compensation
-good treatment of employees
-interesting work

Cons: Base salary is little weak compared to other large enterprise companies.
Advice: You are doing a good job.
Pros: Great Benefits. Flexible work schedules. Unlimited sick days. Gift on your anniversaries(3rd, 5th, 10th etc..) Smart and Caring People and fun work environment.  If you work hard, you'll get rewarded.  Lots of learning opportunities and the company really supports your career management.

Cons: Need to continue improving internal processes, enhance sales intelligence using our own tools and analytics
Advice: Keep up the great work!  When Oracle (Ellison) says that they are no longer paying attention to SAP because we aren't their real competition, that's a signal that they aren't winning on numbers and need to deflect.
Pros: Strategy, leadership, career development, receptive to new ideas

Cons: Too too much politics. Often wrong people take leadership position, they fail with their products and teams. A new same cycle starts
Advice: carefully select leadership. Being able to talk better than others doesn't mean that he/she is the right candidate
Pros: Great if you want to learn complex enterprise software system development

Cons: It is a large organisation so decisions and actions don't happen overnight.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, no micromanaging, allows you to grow your career and work on projects that affect your team and the recruiting organisation both regionally and globally. A lot of great resources at your fingertips to allow you to do the job efficiently and effectively.

Cons: Top-down communication is poor
Business models in some areas are top heavy in relationship positions and lacking in solution positions
Lack of formalized training relating to roles
Career development is "self-service"
Advice: None
Pros: Great people
Dev and QA teams are top-notch
Mid-level managers are good 
Decent pay
Decent bonus
Good benefits
Opportunities to contribute to change
Ability to be heard at every level

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge if you don't set boundaries and communicate with your manager on questions on priorities.
Advice: Don't stop talking to your employees :)
Pros: Awesome benefits, super-intelligent passionate colleagues, great facilities to work in, super professional environment where people are very respectful of one another and leaders who walk the talk!  Really like a family!

Cons: Can be overly process-driven sometimes, lots of people means high division of the salesforce
Advice: Keep up the good work! Typical big company issues to overcome but doing a great job!
Pros: Great senior/mid-level leadership who invest and listen to their teams, moving & diversifying in the right direction, ability to make a positive impact and management open to how to do things better

Cons: - Very Political 
- Middle Management is often not fit for their role
- Hours are long and you can't just "turn off" especially if you are in an international role
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people
- Lot of office perks - Gym classes, great lunches, 
- Flexible schedule - most teams you work from anywhere
- Well known brand doing a lot of business

Cons: Sometimes the group-think mentality slows down projects, which can be frustrating for "doers."
Advice: None
Pros: Your career is what you make of it at SAP. Want to try something new or have a great idea? This is the place to go for it. Managers are encouraged to let their employees fly. It truly is the best place I've ever worked.

Cons: Since SAP acquired Concur corporate America has moved in and leadership has changed and it's not for the best
Advice: Really listen to your employees and ACT on that feedback.  Words mean nothing without action behind them.
Pros: Remote office, flexible schedules, generous PTO, good work life balance

Cons: When the Service Model changed, so did the personal connection with the accounts (instead of managing 25 - 30 specific accounts, it's now a 'pooled' approach).
Advice: Continue to make the customer the priority (both internal and external customers)
Pros: Love my manager, get to work directly with customers, great benefits, opportunities for continuous professional growth, never the same day twice

Cons: Some business processes in development are getting a bit bureaucratic
Advice: Keep caring for your employees the way you do right now.
Pros: Smart, kind hearted, genuine people to work with. It is a pleasure to come to work every day.
Company cares about environmental and social issues and not just profits. 
Great office location in Newtown Square, PA

Cons: It is difficult to find a reason of not working here. If you do not like to work, learn, and grow then do not join us.
Advice: None
Pros: Always learning and evolving for keeping the pace of changing times is accomplished thanks to the teamwork of all my colleagues, indeed every day I have witnessed that SAP stands for Super Awesome People

Cons: Recently purchased by SAP which has a lot of unanswered questions about the future and the culture.
Advice: Communicate better.  There is a lot of uncertainty and it is only fueled by the lack of communication from leadership.
Pros: Such a great environment.  Great people.  Innovative thinking.  Product I believe in.

Cons: being such a large company it's easy to just become another number.  Makes it a bit challenging to get exposure and recognition.
Advice: More meet and greets to get to know upper management
Pros: Consistency in work environment, they'll outfit you with the latest desk ergonomics, benefits and perks are excellent and my co-workers are great to get along with.

Cons: Large acquisitions introduced complexity, many products and a lot of teams.
so Integration of new products(From acquired companies) with core SAP products needs to be streamlined.
Advice: Keep up the great work!!
Pros: Great Company Culture and Super Smart people who want to go extra mile to make customer successful. Good compensation structure, Nice benefits.
SAP supports you like a family!!!

Cons: resources are sometimes limited which can be tough.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: Excellent work environment. SAP genuinely cares about and invests in their employees. Growth, development and opportunities are unlimited. Flexible, healthy workforce.  They are passionate about their workforce. Caring environment. Exemplary organization and people strategy.

Cons: The actual cubes no longer exist. Hard to concentrate sometimes with all the surrounding noises. Some of the offices are still formal.
Advice: Some of the managers need to be trained. But the majority of them are great!
Pros: Very forward thinking and progressive. Love the laid back office atmosphere. Great people!! Any training you can think of is available.

Cons: Poor digital skill set at company and lack of interest to train employees. Siloed organization. Hard to get things done and make an impact.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Global organization with a lot of interesting people.  Company does try to keep the promise of making the world run better.

Cons: SAP has acquired so many other companies that i believe they have lost their identity.
Advice: None. It is such a complex org structure typical of global companies that it depends on the country, region, department that you work for.
Pros: Great company, products and services. You learn a lot and have many opportunities to grow within the company.

Cons: The platinum certified building is not people friendly.
Advice: Please continue your proactive business direction,  presentations and employee interactions.
Pros: The SAP culture is fantastic. The people are honest, hard working and intelligent.  The compnay shares revenue, supports carreer paths, has great benefits, understands time off & family, is inclusive, and generous with charities. Facilities and equipment are excellent.

Cons: Location, values of the company has changed since 2009, before it was easier to move around and was very personality based now its a lot more difficult to do that.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, 401K, start off with 3 weeks vacation and 5 personnel days.  
Great people, great mentors, the original people really care about you and your career

Cons: - No longer a startup culture
- Transit commuter friendly, but expensive parking if you drive your car.
- Located In one of the most expensive living areas in the Northwest.
Advice: Don't lose the uniqueness that made Concur a great company.
Pros: - Reasonable compensation and benefits
- Good people to work with
- Interesting work at one of the largest global technology companies

Cons: None for me at this time
Advice: Keep it up! Very high leadership trust scores from the employees already so you have our trust and confidence already!
Pros: Great people! strong opportunity for growth, great core product suites and the innovations are mind blowing.  Most importantly I feel valued by the leadership team and am able to have good work/life balance

Cons: SAP has many legacy customers and the need to support these customers can slow you down from learning new technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP values employees and treats them very well, with great benefits and competitive pay. SAP also has excellent corporate values and is a good partners to the communities where it is located.

Cons: Lunch is paid only on select offices or locations, makes you feel that some offices are more important.
You can be moved to a different manager during vacations and find then you are back.
As a Developer you are expected to always be on call for supporting the production systems during nights and weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Health Care
401K Match
Possible Remote Work
Tuition Reimbursement

Cons: Annual change to account ownership creates challenges to building long term, profitable relationships
Advice: Give us a year of account stability and you will see even MORE growth!
Pros: The flexibility of working from home is key to our mutual success.  
Strong direct line management support helps a lot in the complex sales cycles.
Uncapped earnings 
Lots of vacation time

Cons: We can be a bit disjointed at times but the talent overcomes it every time.....
Advice: Retail.....Retail, we seem to have lost a step since we moved Retail out to the MU's.
Pros: It's always good to get individual acknowledgement but even better to be a part of a great Team......It's a please to be here and can't wait for what's next!!

Cons: Seems to be losing momentum and focus on customers with recent acquisitions
Advice: My humble observations while being embedded in various projects is that there is a customer perception that new product acquisitions and new products lack value, integration, migration tools, and overall product roadmap vision.
Pros: Has been a long-term industry leader with great employee benefits

Cons: I was placed in a team where none of my strengths were considered and when I tried asking for more work that'd I'd like it felt like I was talking to brick wall that kept saying I believe in you and I have a set path for you.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits, people are always willing to help.

Cons: I am new to the company and I have no complaints yet. Company seems like a great place to work.
Advice: Keep up with the employee communications meetings and e-mails. They are very helpful and are a great way to keep everyone informed.
Pros: Good opportunity for growth.Good benefits. The company encourages time off. Encourages employees to give their time as vollunteers. Good team playing atmosphere.

Cons: Advancement in grade can be a bit slow.  Advancement in responsibilities can be even slower.  Very process oriented.
Advice: We could probably do without one full layer of management that we currently have.
Pros: Flexible work/live arrangements.  Truly global.  Diverse employee base.  Reliable cash compensation.

Cons: must be a self-starter, must be high energy and  be able to navigate a matrix org
Advice: Continue to focus on customer needs
Pros: great learning, smart co-workers, encourage Type a employees to tak initiatve - they say there is no "free lunch" but at SAP lunch is provided

Cons: The company is big and it can be easy to get lost in the mix, there is a great deal of hierarchy, but still a great place to work.
Advice: Continue to create initiatives that identify up and coming talent and find ways to invest in them and keep them engaged
Pros: Great Leadership 
Cares about employees
Quality products
Strong benefits 
great people

Cons: Focus is on things shipped, sometimes to the detriment of innovation or longer-term strategic objectives. Following the shiny objects sometimes.
Advice: Don't alter course too often, let things get finished. Introduce true focus.
Pros: Good product, many very smart people, good colleagues, good interaction, and recognition for a job well done.  Focus is on getting things shipped.

Cons: None I can think of. This company is amazing and there's a reason its ranked #15 as the best company to work for.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Benefits, people, compensation, culture. Managers don't micromanage. Office is located just outside of Philly too. On boarding process has been well thought out and is efficient.

Cons: Pre-job offer was highly nerve wreaking as communication is transferred from the team to HR which takes a separate process that can be somewhat confusing.
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Culture  is centered around everyone counts and human-centric considerations, both for employees as well as customers.  Seamless on-boarding, support teams for employees are highly effective and responsive.

Cons: Large company, so it takes longer to adapt.  Some software work is done in silos and needs to be unified.
Advice: You've done well to invest in your employees.  Focus on opportunities to bridge together software products seamlessly.
Pros: Excellent Benefits, Smart Colleagues, Work-Life Balance, Global Mindset, Competitive Pay, Education and Training Opportunities

Cons: Like many very large multi-country company:  need to work on many time zones depending on job requirements.  Most work is virtual and not in the office - depends on location and job.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive Collaborative environment.  Ability to work on many different tasks and interests.  Flexibility to work on your own schedule within job requirements.

Cons: It's large and sometimes difficult to navigate - you have to have a network
Advice: Spend more time listening to the rank and file - you hire smart people and they have great ideas.  And reorgs aren't the answer to all problems!
Pros: Smart, professional and collaborative colleagues in an organization that values integrity

Cons: Work-life balance but that goes along with any exciting growth oriented company. You have to create that for yourself.
Advice: Keep doing the great job that you are all doing!
Pros: Culture, Trust based, get to have a real impact everyday, open and transparent, lots of growth opportunity, and often free cupcakes on Fridays!

Cons: Complexity is real at SAP. Learning to navigate the mothership can take some time.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a company that stands by its employees. It brings the best EU ethics to the US. Paid Paternity leave of 7 weeks even for men and far more for women is just one example. SAP genuinely cares about its employees.

Cons: Leadership communication could improve
Use or lose leave by Dec 31
Advice: Tell us less about the meetings you're having (employees don't care), and speak more from the heart along with goals, etc.
Pros: Product line
Comp &amp; benefits
Flexibility for remotes and life balance
Greater SAP culture
Growth opps in SuccessFactors and other SAP  LOBs

Cons: must be a self-starter, must be high energy and  be able to navigate a matrix org
Advice: Continue to focus on customer needs
Pros: great learning, smart co-workers, encourage Type a employees to tak initiatve - they say there is no "free lunch" but at SAP lunch is provided

Cons: Travel, I only left to work locally for Microsoft in Redmond WA
Expectations from SAP management, customers and partners can be very high at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, and learning opportunities - it is difficult to not learn something new every day. SAP does an superior job of providing employees with the tools needed to perform your job.

Cons: Very difficult to get a full-time position
Advice: The system for hiring isn't fair and is turning away a lot of valuable employees.
Pros: Very relaxed workplace, ability to work from home

Cons: All large companies face some issues - slow to react, takes a lot to get things done etc, but relatively speaking, SAP manages these better than most.
Advice: None
Pros: For a company this size, i've found SAP to be highly collaborative. The company is also very good at getting behind the corporate mission and executing hard against the message and offering.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.  A lot of the processes do make sense.  Don't reduces the processes as much as encourage people to help each other through them.
Pros: I have been very impressed with the people and the opportunity ahead.  Large company that is building agility into smaller groups.

Cons: Like all large tech companies, it hires and fires in continuous cycles - so there is some  instability. You worry in you are the next one to be laid-off.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers great learning opportunities. I enjoyed my time there. Because it is so large, you get to work on many different projects. The benefits are one of the best.

Cons: No cons.  The only reason I left to take advantage of a voluntary early retirement program.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great organization...Great management.  SAP has a wonderful set of values that they practice and it filters down in the organization.  SAP offers many perks - benefits, good salary, annual  bonus, lunch...

Cons: You have to know the right person or contact to get things quickly taken care of
Very hard to rise through the ranks
Preferencial treatment given to German employees
Advice: Treat all employee as one...including employees acquired through Mergers & Acquisitions
Pros: Above Average Benefits
Great Work Environment
A lot of Certification Training Materials Available

Cons: Management needs to shift their mindset to move closer towards new technologies. There is no need to re-build the wheel like SAP used to do before..
Advice: Run Great!
Pros: Been part of the company now close to 10 years..  Worked in 3 diff geo locations and the open culture is same across all regions!

Cons: Currently we do not have an open space to work, but in the cubicles. This may not be efficient.
Advice: Not many advices to the management. Till now, everything is good. The management level is taking care of us.
Pros: Everybody here is nice and helpful. As a new hire, I can learn a lot from the senior guys. Good company!

Cons: High expectations, disconnect between management and entry level positions. Often expected to work on projects on your own time and at inconvenient hours.
Advice: Connect with entry level positions more.
Pros: Competitive compensation, travel opportunities. Fun experience and awesome opportunities to grow in their corporate environment and culture. Open work environment and new facilities.

Cons: Many layers and decision making is driven from top. Internal networking is very essential for success
Advice: Performance  rating measures need to improve. Sales is the most celebrated department. Support functions for Business development would need some tender love and care.
Pros: Provides opportunities to learn and grow. Provides opportunities for interacting the industry.

Cons: Very sales driven,  hard to manage cross team projects, very HQ driven (Germany),  still to much legacy apps. Why I need 20 words cons here ?
Advice: Good CEO
Pros: Stable company, good benefits, after a couple of years 25day pto (us) + 5 extra days and 32 days (Germany), parent leave, life insurance , good technology

Cons: Management is out of touch with employees.  Lack of communication from management.
Advice: Enforce the policies, hold people accountable for guidelines set in place, improve communication.  We would like to know about changes/issues with our clients before they call for assistance, not after.
Pros: Amazing Benefits, great in office perks such as soda and coffee.

Cons: Very hard to move internally, to big, problem with women in upper level, mobility upward is hard
Advice: make it easier to apply for internal jobs by making it so the current manager does not know.  Promote more from within
Pros: Overall a good company, great co-workers.. flexible..

Cons: If you're not in a main office, your movement opportunities are very limited.  Offices are in a consolidation mode rather than expanding offices not in Vancouver, Palo Alto, or Newtown Square.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company as far as stability, pay, and benefits.  Depending on location, the ability to move between positions is pretty open.

Cons: Working remotely can be touch but the pros outweigh the cons.
Advice: SAP's vision and mission are incredibly important. Keep driving everything towards fitting that.
Pros: I love how willing colleagues are to help and pitch in on ideas.  The benefits are wonderful. SAP is a great place looking at new ways to innovate and improve lives.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is fantastic. Not only does your vacation and personal time get respected, you are encouraged to make sure you take advantage of all opportunities given. 
Working out of one of the SAP offices also provides great benefits like gym access, paid lunches and a myriad of onsite events.

Cons: company culture, silos, cliques,  lack of transparency from leadership,
Advice: Management could improve at developing and mentoring people.  Being a player and a coach in managerial roles can often be at the peril of individual team members not being afforded opportunities for growth.
Pros: great benefits, work-life balance,

Cons: Nothing good comes easy. There’s a lot to learn about the company but if you put in the work, you deserve to be there.
Advice: Nothing at moment.
Pros: The culture, team and work ethics here are top notch. Benefits are amazing and every team member are treated equally.

Cons: Not easy to get data from other teams due to the security issue and team structure, sometimes it can take months to get data before we ca start do anything.
Advice: None
Pros: The working hours are fairly flexible and the work load is controllable most of the time. Never need to work overtime unless there’s release ddl.

Cons: 1. Compensation may be lower than many of the other big tech companies.
2. Legacy tech stacks.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Culture at SAP is amazing. People who stay here are the ones that enjoy the culture and the people.
2. Growth. There's a lot of opportunities to grow through fellowships on other teams or through support from managers.

Cons: Big orgs can be hard to navigate and to build a network. The HQ is in Germany so if you want to be in the center of the action, proximity matters.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a good company solving meaningful problems for the biggest brands in the world. The colleagues who work there are friendly and are helpful.

Cons: Depends on the team and position that you're in. Some gets nice chances to grow, while some don't really gain experience at all.
Advice: Think about ways to inspire interns. Challenging them is a good way.
Pros: Many people know SAP so the name stands out in your resume.

Cons: Moving to new lanes of technology is impossible
You are expert in one area, die in that area or resign out of the company
No cross training in other areas
Less pay than others
Advice: No use telling anything to them. They know it already, but won't change.
Pros: Top notch technologies to learn
Cutting edge technology opportunities

Cons: In sales very demanding and pushy. Management is either "old Boys Network" or "the new Kids on the block" (complete Teams from Oracle, IBM, etc.).
Advice: None
Pros: Working with passionate and talented People. 65% of the worlds GDP runs better with SAP - so you work really can make a big Impact.

Cons: Advancement requires being located at headquarters in Germany.  For a big company, you need to be part of the small inner circle.
Advice: Trust your managers - communicate with them.  Give advancement opportunities to leaders outside of Europe.
Pros: Good benefits, lots of interesting projects, interesting and smart people.

Cons: Have to stick to big company b.s.
Jump through hoops for the simplest things
Advice: Trust your devs to know what they are doing. If their is existing technology to get the job done use it, stop trying to create our own
Pros: Great technology, cutting edge R & D latest hardware employee stock purchase program, employees know vision of company

Cons: It is a large company and you might struggle initially with working across organizations... but you will find very supportive colleagues to help you move along.
Advice: None
Pros: Recognizes success
Invests in your professional development
Has great benefits
Fosters an environment of collaboration and innovation
Invests in Social Corporate Responsibility
Bring your creativity and soar!

Cons: Company is looking to downsize and is top heavy, with thick management layers, so upward mobility is challenging as a result
Advice: Put egos and budgeting silos aside and start thinking truly as a unified team
Pros: large, successful, stable company, international and diverse, good benefits and perks including free lunch delivered daily, flexible on working remotely when needed

Cons: Wheels have fallen off in the last 6-8 months; RIFs, top execs/CEO departed, 2 co-CEOs who may be in over their heads, mktg budgets slashed 50%; treating employees like cogs; not the same company I joined 10 years ago
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with, some solid products, good benefits

Cons: You work hard - but you get pay and benefits for it
Advice: More flexible commuting options and in office requirements as commute is worst part of the day
Pros: For the first time in a while I did not feel I had to hide my age - my team has a great variance of age and experience

Cons: No measurable outcomes, no passion/drive, no motivation for high performers
Advice: Weed out your low performing managers as they are spoiling it for high performers. However this advice is so obvious that I have to believe that management has no way of knowing who the mediocre managers are. HR is useless.
Pros: Stable, easy culture, work/life balance

Cons: Balancing the pace of work while handling the required internal tasks.
Advice: Continue engaging our employees in developing our innovation strategy that will result in SAP being the top cloud solution provider with the highest customer satisfaction.
Pros: SAP has great people, great strategy, and great leadership focused on our customers success and making our communities better.

Cons: Compensation could be a little better
Advice: None
Pros: This company is truly one of a kind in how they treat their employees. Great work/life balance. They support us employees during the toughest times and motivate us everyday! Lets just say the job never gets boring. There are tons of opportunities in this company.

Cons: Too much heirarchy, no growth other then Germans
Advice: Treat all employees fairly
Pros: Benifits (Health Care, More then 25 vacation days per year, 401k)
Flexible Work Time - Sometimes I work 8-5 and sometimes from home
Compensation is very competitive and its more than my friends who are working in other companies in the Bay Area

Cons: The management team is a moving target in each group you never know who will survive the next reorg or rif
Advice: 
Pros: team environments, benefits, quotas, club I found the company to be a good place but hard to get promoted and very difficult to move around in

Cons: I enjoyed my time at SAP but felt the environment was not very nurturing. Technology felt outdated compared to others in Silicon Valley
Advice: None
Pros: The best perk is the 5-6 weeks of vacation US employees get. You get the benefits of a German company while working in the US.

Cons: Leadership is lacking since SAP acquisition.  Work and workplace are very hectic, but that is slowing down since SAP aquisition.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, Innovation at the speed of light.  Needs more process to be oriented, which it will be now that SAP has acquired.  Pure SAAS company with alot of room to grow.

Cons: There are no real cons, there are not many companies especially in the US that are as great to work for as SAP. As I have to put a con I would say that the HQ is in Newtown SQ, PA on East Coast, NYC would be better!
Advice: None
Pros: European company with a global footprint

Cons: Currently, they are experiencing morale issues due to a major restructuring that was not handled well.  Internal politics are strong all of the time and they get in the way of doing the right thing for the company and for customers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams, great technologies, lots of opportunities to grow and expand.

Cons: Lot's or red tape. Too many hoops to jump through to get something done. A lot of people who view themselves as a cog in the machine.
Advice: Simplify. Simplify. Simplify.
Pros: Great portfolio of products. Very smart, driven people. Access to key people in decision making positions across a very diverse customer base.

Cons: Though you got lot of opportunities,  not everyone can realize them as things might be slow than what you expect, so patience is the key.
Advice: None
Pros: You can define and work on your goals
Lot of opportunities in different areas
Great company with some cool products that has got lot of features and flexibility for customers to be able to configure.

Cons: Parent company SAP located in Germany. Kind of disconnected. Doesn't feel like we are all one company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. You can really go anywhere once you get your foot in the door and "climb the corporate ladder" so to speak although it's more of a jungle gym than a ladder.

Cons: Politics. You need to brag about your accomplishments. And watch your back. Constantly show your value or lose your job.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources to learn new skills. Lots of teams within to move to. The company is one of the top software companies so you are part of shaping future trends.

Cons: Just a big company with lots of red tape and can be tough to navigate.
Advice: Keep  working on listening to the employees and continue to invest in us.
Pros: Name recognition, strong investments in product and improving customer experience. Strong focus on employees well being and lots of opportunity to make good money low floor and high ceiling

Cons: Slow to change, lost its way in the last years, can feel transactional in the Bay Area.
Advice: Keep teams intact or move individuals into new teams. Having one-two members teams helps no one.
Pros: Great values, lot of room to grow, genuinely nice people, pride in its (German) engineering, open to change, lot of great work ahead.

Cons: There are no cons at this time , I am very proud to work for SAP Concur.
Advice: Continue supporting the team and the culture!
Pros: I am proud to work at SAP Concur! The company is a wonderful place to grow and develop yourself.  I am passionate about what I do, feel supported, and am thankful for our culture.

Cons: - Reorganizations (how organization is structured) occur regularly; rarely involve attrition though
- Diversified portfolio due to acquisitions means that there is always ongoing movement towards mother ship
Advice: None
Pros: - Managers that care about their staff!
- Work that is meaningful; gets you out of bed with a purpose
- Always learning new things
- Very good compensation

Cons: None, I left SAP and came back as soon as I could. This is the best place to work especially if you are a working parent and they have wonderful benefits
Advice: Stay the course, these are uncertain times and keep up the great work
Pros: Family-like working environment, flexibility, incredibly talented and inspiring colleagues

Cons: SAP is not for everyone.  You need to possess a strong sense of self and understand your responsibilities and role clearly.
Advice: SAP values developing talent and motivating people to execute and ensure goals.
Pros: SAP is a dynamic company providing opportunities for growth in many complex business environments.

Cons: Accountants run the company now... so many things have to flow through Germany, takes forever to move.  Processes are everywhere!
Advice: Let the new Cloud properties start the drive the company.  German HQ would just slow down Cloud.
Pros: Good benefits, some really great perks (including vacation). Some really great people to work with.

Cons: Not many in my short experience.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a very work-life balanced company that concerns itself with a good experience for its employees.  Getting free lunch each day, being able to work from home easily, and being very conscious of accessibility issues have been very impactful during my time here.

Cons: Overly complex bureaucracy. Significant shortage of consulting resources limits ability to serve customers needs and meet growth expectations.
Advice: Significant shortage of consulting resources limits ability to serve customers needs and meet growth expectations.
Pros: A world class brand with a vast portfolio of offerings. A highly competitive environment driving for continual improvement and growth.

Cons: I cannot think of any other than when required to convert from a contractor to employee, there was a significant cut in pay but with the same job responsibilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful work life balance.  The company encourage increased learning and provided many opportunities to grow if willing to step into multiple projects

Cons: Overly complex internally and so large it is difficult to navigate, sales-driven culture and decisions, rigorous processes, support staff (HR, functional management) not proactive--which is also a pro regarding empowerment
Advice: None
Pros: Learning environment, commitment to fairness and equality, strong core values and culture,  great benefits, empathetic, profitable, empowering employees, management will listen based on employee surveys.

Cons: I need to continue to target a better worklife balance.
Advice: Keep up the momentum and let's take down Salesforce!!!
Pros: I am proud to work for SAP.   Great place to work and our focus has never been better.   Enjoy being able to work remotely when not traveling

Cons: demanding pace, fast changing, and nature of business software across industries and geographies can be intellectually challenging
Advice: stay hungry and humble
Pros: employees are encouraged to do things in new ways, flexible work environment, graceful leadership and driven, talented employees, many good benefits... with a career at SAP you can literally see the world

Cons: not much hike later on once you gain experience in this company
Advice: Happy with whatever they are providing right now
Pros: Work life balance, nice benefits, dedicated employees, challenging work

Good thing is that there is no rating based performance evaluation, but every employee will get feedback from their managers time to time, which is different and good

Cons: Management needs to improve in planning the resources
Pay scale might be average compared to other companies
Work-life balance may not be good, depending upon the team
Advice: None
Pros: Good tech stack
Team collaboration is very good
People in management are very approachable and feedback is counted
Free lunch

Cons: travel...but it is no more than any other consulting practice.
Advice: SAP Consulting rates are on the high side for the industry, ensure your clients are getting the best of the best when they engage SAP America Consulting.
Pros: For an SAP consultant, you will be closer to SAP software than at any other company.

Cons: Very bureaucratic. Much too large. Lately has been lacking in innovation.
Advice: Innovation is key to a company's survival. The bottom line shouldn't always be the most important thing.
Pros: A food stipend of $4.25 is given every day. Free gym facilities. Company pays for 80% of health care for you and your family.

Cons: Make sure you have an executive sponsor at all times to protect you in tough times and as managment frequently changes.
Advice: Bill and managment does a great job however when working in other area's of the globe it can be difficult as you are treated as an outsider.
Pros: Great Pay, great benefits and intelligent workforce

Cons: Little room for advancement
Middle Managers make poor decisions without seeking advice from staff
Advice: Hire the smartest people and train them and promote them.  Stop shuffling bad people from one division of the company to the next.
Pros: Good Pay
Good Benefits
Perks like free lunch and gym on site

Cons: burned out people
people that are forced to change through acquistion
Advice: start by building a foundation, stop wasting time patching.
Pros: decent benefits, career growth potential, nice benefits such as healthy food fridge

Cons: Large global organization, so it is often difficult to meet everyone.
Advice: Keep up the great work! SuccessFactors ROCKS!  Continue to believe in your employees and treat them with respect.
Pros: Fast-paced culture with many opportunities for employees!  The executive management team is very forthcoming with information. SuccessFactors promotes a can-do attitude and strives to make their employees feel appreciated! (A very nice change from my previous company!)

Cons: I really don't have any cons here.  I have worked in several fortune 100 companies and this is the best run company I have ever worked for
Advice: Keep up the long-term strategic thinking and your communication with employees
Pros: Brilliant people to work with, incredibly respectful work environment, employees are highly motivated, able to work remotely at times, highly flexible environment

Cons: Internal politics are very tough and can be career limiting if you are on the wrong side. Difficult and time consuming to learn the internal network.
Advice: No comment
Pros: The people in the field are all willing to support you.  Great team work and great people. Very good money if you have the right accounts/territory

Cons: Extensive travel
Burn out
Work life balance
Competitive compensation
Rigid beuracracy
Global working teams are hard to coordinate
Too much concensus required
Advice: more general management and empowered leaders
Pros: flexible work environment 
Smart people
Collaborative work environment 
Great customers
Strong leadership
Great benefits
Global reach
Great offices
Good Silicon Valley presence

Cons: The Agile development process has some kinks to be worked out.
Advice: The benefits are competitive. The work environment is flexible.
Pros: It is a great place to work.The environment is relaxed, even though the product release schedules can be aggressive. The equipment and tools used to produce software are up-to-date.

Cons: Honestly I can't think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really cares about their employees. The benefits &amp; compensation SAP offers is some of the best I've ever seen. Coworkers are all very friendly/easy to work with, and management is always reaching out for feedback so as to constantly improve. It's truly the best place to work.

Cons: There can be too much red tape
Leader egos can derail projects
Advice: Keep learning and growing to be a better leader 
Always be open and honest with team
Pros: Most managers here really care about the employees as people
We get to focused on the customer 
This is a safe place to try new things

Cons: The flip side of having a strong culture of consensus : it can be hard to steer the company towards new ways of running business without having to bring every single stakeholders on-board.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation package, medical coverage, culture of excellence. A top company to work for. A company to build up your entire career with!

Cons: You are just a number in the organization. Must conform to the SAP business model which is not agile nor cloud based. All that matters is unrealistic metrics— no excuses, no exceptions.
Advice: Don’t act like you care why employees are leaving with the joke of an exit interview— a service that has been outsourced by SAP to a company that hangs up on you and fails to meet scheduled meetings.
Pros: The people. There are some great people still left.

Cons: Few and far between! I would highly recommend a role at SAP Concur.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. The culture you have created is world-class.
Pros: Opportunity to grow, great leadership and mentorship. Pay/benefits are very competitive, upward of $250k at the Director level. I haven’t seen many other companies in the Midwest in this range.

Cons: I do not have any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership that truly cares about employees, opportunities to work with newer technologies/frameworks, great employee culture even while working from home. People are happy to work here and it reflects on their work. The company also makes an effort to create an inclusive and diverse workplace. Very happy here!

Cons: Still not clear strategy in the Cloud
Many acquisitions (people and technology) still not fully integrated into business
Haven't solved issues still in place from 5+ years ago
Changing leadership and using old guard to run new parts of the business isn't working
Too much focus on sales, not delivering customer outcomes
Advice: None
Pros: Good people
Good Cloud products (best in class, but not integrated)

Cons: Certain components and technologies are very old. Certain teams have very less fresh development work. Needs innovation.
Advice: Focus on innovation - generate new ideas - evolve to better, newer tools/technologies faster.
Pros: Huge company, decent-good pay (just about competitive market rates or slightly above), and seems reasonably stable in terms of job security, growth, and financials.

Cons: There are some old webpages for information on the site that aren't maintained and the experts who made the pages have left the company so some information is hard to find, but generally most information is easy to find.
Advice: None
Pros: Great knowledge base and many specialization groups to join to learn more, constant training.

Cons: Large company, more than 50,000 employees, so sometimes you can feel overlooked.
Advice: Spend  more time with employees to learn their thoughts and experiences  better.
Make an effort to get into the field more often.
Interview customers personally.
Pros: Diverse products and markets to address.
An experienced team that has deep knowledge of specific markets.

Cons: A little too much focus on who you know vs what you can do. Slight Nepotism. But all companies probably have this
Not enough young people. Mostly 40+ year old workforce
Advice: Diversity should be a focus and make opportunities available to all
Pros: 1) Best Benefits
2) Treats employees with respect
3) Free Lunch!!
4) Growth opportunities plenty for those motivated

Cons: Cost reductions due to acquisitions are ongoing, but investments continue to be made in high growth businesses.
Advice: Continue to build on your successes and remain focused on employee development and work/life balance.
Pros: SAP is great company with tons of opportunities.  Their technology is world class and the company is well respected and admired.

Cons: -Corporate structure can be very bureaucratic.
Advice: As a company, if you want to focus on not being the "old, stuffy tech company," then go all-in and don't put up so many roadblocks.
Pros: -Good work/life balance.
-Competitive pay and benefits.
-Many positions allow working remotely.
-Many diversity and early talent initiatives.
-CEO Bill McDermott is passionate and motivating.

Cons: Conflicting job duties, appeasing both sales and marketing is a balancing act, at times puts the IMR at a conflict of interest. Should you do what sales wants or marketing?
Advice: Discontinue the process that create internal conflicts of interest, allow open lines of communication to stakeholders.
Pros: Career advancement opportunities, incoming leads provided, minimal outbound calling,

Cons: Mediocrity is acceptable, management is out of touch with leading industry standards and provides no direction or vision, attrition of the good employees is high.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, unlimited sick days, ample vacation, good location, remote working is ok, people are nice, SAP brand looks good on resume.

Cons: 1. Salaries are noticeably below market average
2. Bureaucracy has increased a lot over the last few years leading to painfully slow progress on all fronts
3. High attrition
Advice: Transparently reward performance and performance only otherwise retaining talent will be an ongoing struggle.
Pros: 1. Great work life balance
2. CEO Bill McDermott
3. Great flexibility to move around internally
4. Awesome colleagues

Cons: Many reorganizations
Constant internal changes (pro/con)
Very large organization with some redundant teams
Advice: Need some improvement in cross-collaboration, and need for publicizing team purpose and goals of teams to eliminate redundant work, need simplified internal delivery and support processes.
Pros: Innovative company
Limitless development opportunities
Great work-life balance
Excellent salaries &amp; benefits
Very professional, supportive colleagues
Transparent company communications

Cons: No budget for global team meet-ups. Such sadness.
Advice: If you could free up some budget for our global teams to meet someplace in person every year or two, that would be great.
Pros: Terrific colleagues. Supportive management. Diversity and innovation actively encouraged. Interesting and challenging work topics. Global teams that seem local. Cool tools. Excellent work/life flexibility.

Cons: Large company mentality and inflexibility for standardized approach -- slow to adopt newer technology
Advice: Listen closer to new hires, not just those with the company for many years; this includes management and technical expertise from acquisitions.
Pros: Flexible work/life balance and exposure to global workforce and customer base

Cons: Accountability is inconsistent. IT support is too. Salaries for Concur are definitely below the average for software industry, and United Health is the worst provider I've had in all my years. Plan is good, but they are bad and few providers will take them.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice atmosphere, very laid back, and everyone is super nice. Very collaborative.

Cons: I cannot think of any real cons. There is some international travel but I enjoy that. The office was in the city but I had flexibility to work remotely.
Advice: Continue doing a great job!
Pros: Work with cutting edge technology to improve business processes. 
Wonderful company. 
Inspiring leadership and colleagues
Exceptional resources for employee development

Cons: Can be a little overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP starts the onboarding process before you even join the company. The workbook helps new employees to become acquainted with the culture, vision, and values of the company. Once on board, there is comprehensive training and assistance with finding your way around the Intranet and the benefits and administration.

Cons: Navigating such a large company can be difficult internally.  I'm sure this is the case with any large cloud company though!
Advice: Make sure that people are responsive to their internal and external stakeholders!
Pros: Great pay and benefits, company cares about it's employees.  The company is always seeking input from employees for improvement.

Cons: SAP is large and complex - there is definitely a learning curve for new hires navigating both the organization and the technology.
Advice: None
Pros: Teams are global and diverse. Flexible work hours and work-from-home options create a positive work-life balance. SAP is an innovative company in an exciting technology space.

Cons: None that I have come across, maybe too much travel if you are in sales or consultancy
Advice: Keep doing the great work !!
Pros: * Positive company culture
* Exposure to big names in the industry at employee level
* Work life balance (though its subjective to location and team)
* Flexibility, Great Pay, Good benefits

Cons: * Large company with lots of people, offices, and teams.  Can be confusing finding out who's who
* Products can lag behind best-of-breed competitors
* Changing product positioning and messaging.
Advice: None
Pros: * Great benefits
* Excellent work/life balance
* Lots of career opportunities
* Good training / Invest in their employees.
* Well articulated vision and direction

Cons: Work &amp; life balance might difficult to achieve as sometimes it's required to travel back to back weeks.
Advice: None
Pros: There is an entrepreneurial spirit at SAP. People are encouraged to try new ways of doing things on their own without fear of ramifications if it does not work.

Cons: Complexity with so many LOBs.
Advice: Keep it real.
Pros: This company appreciates that you are successful when you are a happy individual, and works to give you options to maintain your physical and mental health. Because of this you can kick it at your job. Win win.

Cons: Some of the recent acquisitions are spoiling the culture. Top management is now mainly Sales so the company is losing its Engineering focus. Benefits are below average compared to companies in Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great. Mainly engineering driven but that could be changing in the future

Cons: There is no cons for this company.
Advice: Management works great with me and trusted me on my decision....
Pros: Best team work and no micro management in this company. Flexible time schedule. Directly work with customer and take your own decision. Great opportunity to grow..

Cons: Employee's need to take ownership and be proactive to drive their careers.  This does not come naturally for some people.
Advice: work/life balance is a critical topic to keep in focus
Pros: SAP knows how to reward employees when they have success.  Opportunities to grow, learn, excel and succeed are endless.

Cons: You must be a constant learner until last day.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has great team culture and good work life balance. Opportunities for growth and knowledge exists. Helping and touching lives of so many people and companies makes me get up and go everyday.

Cons: Nothing stands out in particular as a con so far (I've only been at the company for less than a year)
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative environment, purpose driven organization, focus on work-life balance and inclusiveness, challenging but not ruthless, great benefits and compensation

Cons: Benefits and salary are not competitive considering the position and job location
Advice: Allow active research within the development groups. Departments are led by people who doesn’t understand research but focus more on presentation aspects. This needs to be changed for a better company future.
Pros: Interesting project opportunities and  good work life balance.

Cons: I'm trying to think of one but I can't. I really, really like it here.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is outstanding
Work assignments are interesting and challenging
Growth is encouraged and supported
Work/Life balance is the best I have ever experienced at any company
Philanthropic 
Lots of team building opportunities within my org
I feel like the executives really listen and care

Cons: Constant change but that's a function of the software industry . If you are change adverse, find another industry to work in that moves slower.
Advice: Be transparent, and make sure to explain why changes are being made. When we understand the why, we will buy in.
Pros: Great people, benefits, and work-life balance.

Cons: Processes can sometimes be complex and cause us to slow down or take longer to complete because of it.
Advice: None
Pros: People, People, People.
Strong suite of products that are best in class for both SMB and Enterprise companies . Focused on the customer experience. Ability to engage with individuals throughout all levels of the business.

Cons: Hard to execute - most of the decisions come from Germany. Most people changes have to be approved by the works council.
Advice: As a global company who wants to inspire thought leadership you make things too complex and hard to execute and make impact. You are losing great talent.
Pros: Innovative ideas. Lots of strategic thinking.

Cons: Too many old processes and people that haven't moved with the times and the Enterprise market.
Advice: Like any large organization, try to break the silos and bring forward talent that exists - You just have to look harder and past the organizational hierarchies.
Pros: Ethical
Vision and Strategy
Truly a Global company with good work happening all over the world

Cons: no good stock options program, German company in the US, i.e. less influence on headquaters
Advice: kepp it up,
Pros: innovative hi-tech company, good compensation and worldwide operations, very good environment for working and advancement, steady in uncertain times, no hire and fire policy, very collaborative workplace, good compensation package with strong healthcare provider

Cons: There is no cons for this company.
Advice: Management works great with me and trusted me on my decision....
Pros: Best team work and no micro management in this company. Flexible time schedule. Directly work with customer and take your own decision. Great opportunity to grow..

Cons: a big company, impossible to know everyone and duplication exists
Advice: Continue to manage and implement KPIs to track progress on a diverse executive team.
Pros: Diversity, open &amp; inclusive culture, innovation, collaboration, recognition, teamwork, early talent - veterans - and autism programs, great benefits, good salary, flexibility, continuous education, and family

Cons: Toot your own horn frequently or get lost in the shuffle!
Advice: Always be on the lookout to promote internal talent working to distinguish her/himself!
Pros: Solid brand recognition worldwide, Good software products and services, Knowledgeable colleagues, SAP actively tries to soften what can be a brutal workload

Cons: Vague job descriptions, not much org structure, lots of "VP" people not doing actual "VP" work, dumb international travel policy
Advice: 1. Pay more attention to the high potential people who are NOT considered "Early Talent"

2. Allow international travelers to fly business class on 1st trip, not the 3rd.
Pros: Autonomy, trust, openness, flexibility, modern, good perks

Cons: Consistently escalating KPIs, no one place to find all the answers, inconsistent answers for clients
Advice: Promote natural leaders to management, not just the person who hits their numbers. Performance doesn't mean you will be a good manager
Pros: Ever changing sales culture, dynamic, competitive yet team/ family oriented, promotions are abundant

Cons: I seriously can't think of any right now
Advice: Keep up the amazing work
Pros: SAP is an amazing company to work for. It provides a diverse and inclusive environment. Leadership lead by example. I learn something new every day and I feel valued and trusted and my hard work is always celebrated and acknowledged.

Cons: SAP is not necessary a company where you will find the latest and greatest technologies (you will find the right technologies for our customer)
Advice: None
Pros: I cannot imagine how a company, any company could be more employee-friendly while still meeting its financial, customer, investors' obligation. Compensation, fairness, diversity, inclusion, career, you name it!

Cons: Lots of duplicate groups, Work life balance can be difficult
Advice: Get rid of duplicate activities in different groups.  There's no point in different groups creating content and going to market for the same basic service.
Pros: Pay, Benefits, Look out for their employees, New leadership seems to better care about technology and delivery

Cons: too many sudden re-org and changes. Re-orgs are not communicated efficiently
Advice: Please communicate more about the changes to employees. Every qtr we are just waiting and thinking what new change might be announced and how it will affect us.
Pros: great work life balance.  you can plan your whole career in SAP

Cons: Driving change in your own Line of Business can be tough in re the mothership
Advice: Focus on customer experience
Pros: Good programs for internal mobility and skills development; managers walk the talk in their behavior; proactive approach to pandemic; big market share in many industries; profitable with strong balance sheet

Cons: no good stock options program, German company in the US, i.e. less influence on headquaters
Advice: kepp it up,
Pros: innovative hi-tech company, good compensation and worldwide operations, very good environment for working and advancement, steady in uncertain times, no hire and fire policy, very collaborative workplace, good compensation package with strong healthcare provider

Cons: -SAP destroying the SF culture
-SAP acquisition has created a big corp culture, causing a lot of good people to leave
-SF/SAP in a total state of flux, too much change in leadership at all levels, no structure at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility with working hours
-Work remotely
-Good People

Cons: Not the place for software engineers. This is a business process company that has no appreciation of engineering or engineers. If you care about your career as an engineer find another job. I personally got stuck there waiting for my green cart and almost ruined my career.
Advice: None
Pros: Good job security. Friendly attitude at work.

Cons: Lack of SAP products/tools used within SAP.  Limited knowledge of internal processes globally.
Advice: Set a direction for the firm or organization and provide what it take to acheive the target and see it through to completion.
Pros: Flexible telecommuting options, brand recognition, responsive internal network of professionals

Cons: Slow to adopt to new markets (e.g. SaaS) and buying revenue via M&A will not scale current businesses. Many long term staffers not keeping up to speed on new industry skills
Advice: Accelerate Cloud migration internally, proactively train existing employee base especially top performers.
Pros: Excellent benefits, stability and compensation. Defensible leading technology markets with large global customer base

Cons: location can limit career opportunities (if you want to move it's good)
best paying jobs require more hours and travel
Advice: Have always wanted a 4X10 work week and no reason this shouldn't be possible in support
Pros: Flexible Schedule 
more than average paid time off
good pay
great work environment
challenging position

Cons: Sometimes teams are global, so you never get to see your co-workers, managers are often in Germany, which is hard because of a 9 hour time difference
Advice: None
Pros: Well organized, makes effort to keep employees happy, financially stable, jobs can be broad, so you get to explorer areas that might be outside of your job description

Cons: Unclear career progression
Office politics
German laws make it difficult to lay off German colleagues, so other regions are more impacted during layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people and networking opportunities all over the world
Compensation
Interesting projects
Onsite cafeteria in Palo Alto with subsidized sustainably sourced and/or organic meals
Free Pinkberry frozen yogurt in the Palo Alto campus on Tuesdays-Thursdays!

Cons: Lots of matrixed teams that can sometimes confuse who is responsible for work, large organization that may make it difficult to find answers
Advice: Keep sharing the vision and success of the customers.
Pros: Very motivated employees, strong management, well respected organization, great pay and benefits, ability to explore new career paths, internal training programs

Cons: Low base
Senior management somewhat antiquated in nature 
A lot of internal politics
Many internal systems to become proficient at
Advice: None
Pros: Great professional development and commission. Company really looks out for you and offers you everything you need to succeed. Corporate events are always top of the ranks 
Pushing for millennial workforce 
A lot of offices across the US

Cons: They give you cell phone and Ipad and allow working remote because they want to be able to contact you 24x7; no work/life balance. They are part of SAP
Advice: You blew it by being acquired by SAP
Pros: Free food, nice offices, all employees get iPads, cell phones, lots of flexibility for remote workers

Cons: Rewards for the average worker are few.  Average raise is 2-4%  2 for merit and 4 for promotion!!
mired with middle management
Advice: the little people keep all the parts moving; reward us too!
Pros: Co-workers are helpful and smart
Benefits are great
Global company so there is a lot of opportunity to travel and relocate

Cons: 100% sales oriented company, in some cases the pressure is ridiculous. If you are not willing to work under pressure, SAP is not for you.
Advice: Pay attention to the human talent, with several changes good people are leaving the company
Pros: Good compensation and very strong products

Cons: - Niche market to be in
- The company is still riding on its past success and thus more to be done to capture newer markets
Advice: None
Pros: - Reputation of company can take you a long way
- Great work life balance
- Takes care of employees and family really well

Cons: So big, sometimes bureaucracy gets in the way
Smaller locations sometimes don't get access to all the interesting opportunities
Advice: Keep evolving and always be on the lookout for successful teams that could be applied to new projects
Pros: Great benefits
People are respected by company and leaders
New projects and technology always being explored

Cons: -Large corporate culture, can sometimes feel like a number versus an employee who adds value to the organization
Advice: - So many companies are offering such diverse corporate culture and SAP management should come around in doing so
Pros: - As an account executive you can make a lot of money at SAP

Cons: Company structure is always changing
Advice: Understand the need to revisit and focus the strategy but there needs to be more stability in the leadership and organization structure.
Pros: SAP is a leader and continues to move forward with new technologies and strategy.
Company has a global footprint that provides opportunity and growth.

Cons: It's pretty random on what role after the training you'll get placed. Some people received some great job shadowing and training, while others may have struggled.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity for growth. The training is top notch and you get to make some great friends through it. After the training they place you in role.

Cons: Misunderstood as monolithic and costly. Could benefit from a different campaign to change misconceptions and perceptions.
Advice: Drive marketing by LOB and create more end user fan fare.
Pros: Awesome company with  intelligent solutions that support the enterprise.  Deep, rich functionality that can address any companies problems.

Cons: No structured career development plan. Almost impossible to move up unless connected  with senior management team.
Advice: Need to revamp career development model to allow for upward mobility in both management and non management career paths.
Pros: Work with the best and brightest, great work life balance, great benefits and a visionary CEO.

Cons: Developing your personal and professional brand and network are very important, so if you don't take the initiative to network, it could be difficult to navigate the SAP landscape.
Advice: None
Pros: There are many wonderful reasons to consider SAP as an organization of choice but the people are the absolute best part of working for SAP.

Cons: Inconsistent demand generation reps and strategy. The current band aid is to have sales also be responsible for good portion of demand generation- we’re busy enough as is.
Advice: None
Pros: Base salary is decent for industry and you have the opportunity to make great money. That being said, your assigned territory will make or break your success

Cons: * Heavy handed/overbearing management
* Large workload and somehow still understaffed despite company size.
Advice: Work better with techs to identify problem points in team productivity instead of the current "burnout" strategy.
Pros: * Large company with many benefits
* Big name that is widely recognized
* Competitive pay
* Many systems in place to improve employee experience

Cons: I am not thinking of any Cons. I could be biased staying with SAP since 2014, but I have worked in between for other employers for a short while.
Advice: None
Pros: No limit on opportunities and growth.
Working with colleagues across the globe and cultures.
The company has a proven history of innovation by keeping up with changing technologies.

Cons: Like most companies, a few bad apples slip in through the cracks. Constant organization restructuring and turnover seems high from an internal perspective.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues and managers want to see you succeed. You’ll never feel alone in your work. Time off and sick days are plentiful, and furthering your career is truly driven by self determination.

Cons: Typical large enterprise issues- slow processes and inefficiencies, lots of bureaucracy and confusion
Advice: Train  better managers better, people jumping from technology to management generally make life very hard for themselves, their reports and the company
Pros: Very decent benefits, smart people, interesting projects depending on the business unit.

Cons: Tight deadlines, lots of overtime, sometimes virtual when need more in-person meetings. Very matrixed environment, sometimes to the detriment of the work.
Advice: Pay more attention to work-life balance and to pointless political infighting.
Pros: Interesting work, some transfer opportunities, generally collegial environment. Some travel opportunity. Good chance to learn. Some flexibility for work at home.

Cons: - Green card process starts only after 4 years of joining the company
- Too much hierarchy and bureaucracy 
- Changes are slow and adoption of new technologies is also slow
Advice: Upper management doesn't give importance or pay heed to development team concerns. Only product management and sales teams have visibility even though the development teams work really hard.
Pros: - Good work life balance
- Decent benefits
- Good job security
- Pay is on par with other bay area companies

Cons: Very different company than it was 4+ years ago.  
Lots of political infighting is preventing progress
Extremely difficult to get anything done
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to broad array of technologies
World class go-to-market and Sales
Freedom to think creatively, but ability to execute is limited

Cons: Inevitable burn out. Extensive travel. IT market is getting tougher and tougher. SAP is not as flexible as smaller competitors. Innovation comes mostly with acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic environment in one of the best industries. Highly demanding environment. Good compensation and benefits. Team spirit. Attractive work environment. Amazing customer base. Great brand.

Cons: - Org structure and internal tech architecture can be confusing
Advice: None
Pros: + Genuine care for employees' wellbeing and families; generally a very flexible working environment that allows you to prioritize the important stuff in life
+ Commitment to United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
+ Very invested in employees' development
+ Fantastic benefits and beautiful facilities

Cons: Working full-time from home I sometimes feel left out of the loop when there are conversations/news occurring in office locations.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, good work-life balance, respectful and diversity inclusive culture, takes service and global responsibility seriously.  I feel like SAP cares about me as an individual, not only as an employee.

Cons: SAP is a German company and therefore large changes take longer compared to a US-based company of similar size.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: SAP has a great work culture and an inclusive environment. Leaders are accessible to employees. There are multiple programs in place to foster innovation. Benefits are great.

Cons: A large organization can leave you feeling like you are far from the action, or question your level of impact.
Advice: Simplify the complexity of the organizational makeup. Keep investing in innovation and keep the transparent culture.
Pros: Internal movement is encouraged throughout the organization. Provides a lot of opportunity for growth.

Cons: - internal confusion. on who does what
- some portions of the portfolio has not kept up to industry standards; resulting in competition gaining an removing market share
Advice: None
Pros: - great company to wok if you have drive, discipline, work ethic and able to get your way around.
- great customers
- ever growing portfolio of solution

Cons: With a company so large it can be really difficult to enact meaningful change. The global nature of the company means that late night or early morning meetings are basically inevitable.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people, good benefits, good work life balance, lots of flexibility, pledge to maintain flexibly work even after the pandemic is over

Cons: Working with a huge project/team can be frustrated.
Longer you stay, better politically wise you should be.
Sub-par salary.
Advice: Many team and people spend time doing nothing in this company. Even more people don't bother to care how budget were spent.
Pros: Decent benefit packages. 
Flexible working ours and locations.
Complimentary lunch.

Cons: Heavy workload, not much work life balance
Advice: Keep up the good work - employees are proud to work for SAP. It's amazing what the company has achieved in a relatively short period of time.
Pros: Company culture is very positive, company leadership is respected and the people are great.

Cons: Everything else but the $4.25.

Life at SAP is a bizarre maze of things that often focused more on not getting things done than working towards shared company objectives - all while using the most user unfriendly sofrware you will find. Career advancement and compensation is like an auto race with crashes, weather delays and danger to people near the track. Managers ... ha!
Advice: Search deep within yourself for integrity.
Pros: Used-to-be-free lunch. Nowadays, the $4.25 subsidy covers about thwo-thirds of a higher-priced lunch.

Nice facilities.

Cons: Knowing who is who, co-workers in all different locations, must be a self-starter, big organization is not a fit for everyone.
Advice: Organization. Although a large company, we could make the culture more intimate.
Pros: Amazing Culture, Healthy Competition, Good Pay, Reward for hard work

Cons: Inevitable burn out. Extensive travel. IT market is getting tougher and tougher. SAP is not as flexible as smaller competitors. Innovation comes mostly with acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic environment in one of the best industries. Highly demanding environment. Good compensation and benefits. Team spirit. Attractive work environment. Amazing customer base. Great brand.

Cons: Quite low pay for most positions
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Great people, great team, great company, great software to work with, great learning experience, they teach you everything you need to know

Everyone is easy going, and loves to help. Can ask whenever to get more information. 
Good work/life balance
Flexible
Care about employees, and employee satisfaction

Cons: Subsidiary integration is chaotic. Not sure if the company can move from license software to service model.
Advice: Become more agile and move quickly
Pros: Strong brand with tremendous power in the market. The people who work at SAP are talented and have the desire to evolve the company from its rigid past.

Cons: After acquisition by SAP, the pace of product development has come down a little. It felt much better to work here before the acquisition.
Advice: None
Pros: It's fun to work at this place. Wonderful coworkers. Frequent team building activities like company outings, team lunches etc which are fun. Plenty of opportunity to learn about new technologies.

Cons: Transitioning to meet new customer expectations creates many reorgs, acquisitions, lay-offs, and general instability
Advice: Moving to the Cloud is great, constant reorgs appear counter-productive, stay on course, more substance along with hype
Pros: Flexible work arrangements, development opportunities via SAPPHIRE, SAP TechEd, CeBIT, and more! Great training opportunities and amazing people to work with for the most part.

Cons: only use sap technologies, which is a draw back or i can say loophole. ABAp and other languages are too company specific, it cant help a person develop career
Advice: None
Pros: gr8 wrk place, wonderful work life  balance, opportunities to learn and flexibility to grow. Innovativeness in encouraged. On a whole good place to be in

Cons: Frequent organizational changes
Rigid and complex internal processes
Advice: "Run Simple" should be not only a mantra for your customers; but also, for how you operate internally.
Pros: Surrounded by some of the smartest, most accomplisehd profesisonals.
Company culture is positive, and employee loyalty is high
Plenty of opportunity for learning new skils, and making lateral career moves internally.

Cons: -Milestones are sometimes given more time than needed.
Advice: None
Pros: -SAP has a very good  work culture.  Everyone was given equal opportunities  (at least in my team)
- There are a lot of events happening on campus, where one can showcase his/her talent outside the team too.
- One of the best places to work.

Cons: Teams are sometimes isolated.
Advice: None
Pros: The company  acts in accordance with it's mission and value statements. I have had two managers since starting here 2 years ago and both are excellent. There is a clear path for promotion and additional training is always available for those that take advantage of it.

Cons: Not cutting technology. A lot of resistance to change. Can become boring. Not many opportunities for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good if you want to see your software actually used by people instead of just becoming a POC which gets forgotten a week after it's done. Nice, stable environment if you're looking for that.

Cons: Work/life balance, sometimes direction unclear. Flex hours can be a negative with late nights. With such a large company sometimes it is hard to feel appreciated.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, opportunity to learn new technology. Dynamic work environment forcing employees to be willing to change and be adaptive.

Cons: POLITICS, frequent reorganizations, some departments embed fear of losing jobs if you can't market your work to the moon which leads to overinflation of true value.
Advice: Value people and understand their work better. Encouragement over criticism.
Pros: Fast paced, good challenges, intelligent co-workers, customers and partners.

Cons: Not on the upper end of the pay scale. Can make more consulting for pure consulting firms
Advice: increase wages to be more competitive
Pros: As a consultant the pay is fair, benefits are great, and the management is one of the best i've worked with.

Cons: large size means lot of processes
Advice: more highly paid developers/engineers (also in customer facing roles) needed for innovation , than too many leadership roles. ratio is many times 10:1, when 10 managers/directors/VPs/executives are looking for one expert to resolve critical issues
Pros: Work Life balance, strong foundation built on engineering

Cons: Matrix, bureaucratic, varied perception in the market place, can be tough for mid-career positions.
Advice: Simplify, remove silo's, allow for varied work cultures ... one dance style  does not make for a party
Pros: Diversity, Scale, Innovation, fantastic horizontal employment opportunities. Good place for entry level positions, good place for late career positions

Cons: 1. Bonus are lower than other companies.
2. Some tech stack are out of date. (although we have new tech)
3. New hire can hardly find the suitable position
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Very good life and balance.
2. Nice colleagues and boss.
3. Good vision of the industry and leader

Cons: Big company with 90K employees, which means there is going to be politics at play, and also red tape to get projects off the ground
Advice: Keep communication channels open
Pros: Considerate CEO who cares about employees and  provides clear direction for the company 
Employees who are very involved and knowledgeable

Cons: Team travel is very resticted. I have 25 other members on my team, and it has been 6 years since we have been able to have a face to face meeting.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked for SAP for 12 years and love working here. I would recommend SAP as an employer of choice!!

Cons: Surprisingly, none. I came to SAP via an acquisition several years ago and was worried about being swallowed up by such a large organization. But my fears were unfounded.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home; interaction with people from around the globe; great pay &amp; benefits; freedom to express ideas &amp; opinions

Cons: Large company makes things progress slowly
Disorganized and non-centralized design method, though they're working on it
Can become mundane and uninspiring due to political struggles and people stuck in their ways
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance
Global company exposes you to a wide variety of cultures and perspectives
Large company allows you to explore different areas and industries

Cons: work/life balance can be a challenge because we focus intently on our goals
Advice: do more skip level meetings to ensure you know all of the people on your teams
Pros: the people - very smart and responsive; people who care about other people and want to make an impact on the world

Cons: Change is regular. This is usually handled well, but is inevitable in a large company.
Advice: Continue to invest in growth and new technologies.
Pros: Great ways to grow within the company and to learn and expand your knowledge. Teams interact well together and there are many opportunities to network. Flexible work environment,

Cons: _ Complexities and processes when working for a big multi national
Advice: Continue putting people first !
Pros: _ Very human company
_ Great people to work with
_ Place for great innovation 
_ focus on true agility and being Agile VS doing Agile

Cons: 1. Internet speed 3 Mbps 
2. You have to buy snacks etc. with your own money. Company won't provide you anything, even occasionally.

I am not sure if it is specific to their offices in St Louis Park, MN or it's the same thing everywhere else
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a well known brand

Cons: Massive bureaucracy makes it hard to get things done at times. Sometimes people will dodge their responsibilities claiming not their job. Issues associated with any company this size. Although it does seem the "rules" sometimes get in the way of doing the right thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great products. Culture is very positive.

Cons: some challenges in being a large global organization over 100,000 people
Advice: keep driving focus on customer success as it does lead to all successful outcomes
Pros: commitment to the individual, freedom to bring your own self to work, passionate about helping customers succeed, focus on diversity &amp; inclusion is real

Cons: None really. Blessed to work at this company
Advice: Keep listening to your employees and customers and continue to innovate!
Pros: I feel empowered and have the autonomy to support my customers with no micromanaging. In the midst of COVID I can't imagine a more supportive company with flexibility to manage work/life balance.

Cons: without any cons highly recommended
Advice: continue to provide opportunities to train, learn, and grow toward career advancement
Pros: SAP treats persons as valuable, great collaboration work environment, excellent vacation and person time off thus excellent home/family and work balance, type of work is challenging and satisfying, compensation is excellent too

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy in processes and procedures
Gotta be a fan of change cause there is a plenty of it in the company
Advice: Tone down the change and let's move forward.
Pros: Lots of options to choose from in terms of positions/ 
    career paths
Interested in personnel.
Great benefits

Cons: There is no place better to go to work, it's the best and can't be beat.
Advice: communication is the key to all companies success.
Pros: SAP has great diversity, flexibility and complete professionalism. Always room for advancement and change, They simply care about the employees and the customers before the bottom line.

Cons: There is no place better to go to work, it's the best and can't be beat.
Advice: communication is the key to all companies success.
Pros: SAP has great diversity, flexibility and complete professionalism. Always room for advancement and change, They simply care about the employees and the customers before the bottom line.

Cons: Frequent organizational changes can create confusion
Advice: Continue with fostering a supportive culture for employees. Stay committed to a unifying strategy and avoid frequent changes with teams and leaders.
Pros: Friendly and collaborative colleagues, Flexible work environment, Interesting work that is never boring

Cons: The company does not offer traditional equity but instead provides restricted stock units with mandatory vesting dates. Equity therefore can only build on an annual cycle before having to be converted to cash.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP tends to grow talent from within. Your career trajectory is highly dependent upon your ability to network and build executive sponsorship.

Cons: Typical big corporation and finding what you need efficiently.
Advice: None
Pros: Honestly, just a great company! You can promote as much as you want or stay status quo. Me personally, I like to grow, learn and promote and I definitely feel I have the opportunity. And very good benefits!

Cons: - Not competitive salary at Senior level
- Lots of turnover of talent lately
- Lots of time spent of migrating moving services to new envs (instead of coding, lots of looking at config and template files)
Advice: Make more competitive ways to keep engineering talent around.
Pros: - Great work life balance
- Interesting challenges
- Good colleagues

Cons: Promotions are difficult, especially for woman
Hard to connect with coworkers because of dispersed workforce
Spend too much time on internal lobbying
Advice: Reward performance for non-sales positions too
Management has constant changes which result in reorganizations that drain employee resources
Pros: Great benefits
Flexible work location(work from home available)
Lots of internal opportunities(lateral moves)

Cons: Lot of dead weight, too many groups working on same projects
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of new innovations. Flexible work timing, if you want a start up culture you can work new upcoming product group, if you want to take it easy there are groups where you can work 8-5pm or less.

Cons: lacks innovation- even the challenging work is not challenging enough
all the problems of a bigger organisation are there
Advice: take more risk and steer to the new world of innovation
Pros: stable life 
avg pay
employee friendly company
good for remote working
discounted shares sale - good to invest
transparent management

Cons: Limited personal growth, culture could get confrontational
Advice: You are probably good engineers but need to become better at managing people.
Pros: Compensation is good, and if in the right place you will work in cutting edge technologies

Cons: Not so much.... but SAP acquisition also presents some challenges and could see so restructuring. The training and education reimbursement programs could be improved.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with a lot of upside. The benefits are great.. especially the bonus. SAP acquisition means more opportunities. Flexibility and virtual work environment.

Cons: Big company, politics can get in the way of innovation. Can take a long time to implement change initiatives due to so many silos across the business.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for growth, benefits, access to resources (training, content, etc), great culture

Cons: Their salary is a but lower than other companies have the same size
Advice: Raise the salaries bar a bit and keep doing what you are doing
Pros: Amazing Company, excellent culture, work/life balance, huge amount of support to interns, SAP ixp is an amzing program, huge amount of opportunities

Cons: Not well know as the best workplace in the bay area.
Advice: Apply more Standards and Open Source and show our Wonderful Innovations in Silicon Valley. I am happy to support this effort.
Pros: Open, flexible and innovative working Environment. Great colleagues all over the World.

Cons: Do I really have to list one?
Advice: Keep up what you are doing, especially the communication to the employee's on the overall picture of the company and the support you give to the average employee.
Pros: Amazingly supportive environment, work life balance, professional/personal development, support for volunteer causes, great benefits, positive culture.

Cons: VERY sales focused, more than enough disenfranchisement, diversity and inclusion than I'd ever need, Not Google or Microsoft. Don't come looking for cutting edge anything.
Advice: Let's get back to engineering, technical solutions and functional excellence.
Pros: Loads of vacation, training in just about anything you want, opportunities to advance if you are skilled.

Cons: SAP is a very big company and it can be challenging at times to determine who to work with.
Advice: Consider time zones when scheduling meetings
Pros: SAP takes the time to listen to their employees and they work hard to try and optimize the overall employee experience here at SAP.

Cons: There is a lot of products to understand and sometimes it is up to the individual to navigate our large sometimes difficult organization to find the information required.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had some great managers during my tenure @ SAP.   They pay well for the jobs I have had.

Cons: Despite efforts to work towards becoming a nimble, agile, cloud company, SAP has same fairly rigid procedures and a confusing technology landscape.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really cares about their employees.   The benefits are fantastic and they have all kinds of opportunities for employees to up-skill, get involved, grow as human beings, etc.

Cons: You can't roll any vacation time over to the next year.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: I was skeptical at first when SAP bought our company but I couldn't be happier. The atmosphere is great and the people are fantastic! Management always shows that they care for the employees.

Cons: Sometimes takes too long to get decisions, can be overly siloed
Advice: Keep it up.  Focus on being agile and responsive, avoid getting stuck in ruts
Pros: Focus on work-life balance, Interesting work, Great people, Actively try to be nimble which is tough for a large company

Cons: too much change from the top down, no direction from upper management, no real relationship with your accounts.
Advice: Make changes that make sense, listen to your sales reps for how changes should be made.
Pros: Great people to work with, great perks. Sales environment is friendly, co-workers are very helpful when you need help.

Cons: Stylos ideas. Changes are the only constant thing in the company. Which is often too much where you don't know what will happen next.
Advice: Communicate more efficiently on the changes and have a direction to the people below.
Pros: Management are supportive and understanding. They are pretty flexible in working from home.

Cons: Sometimes multiple teams work on the same project (without knowing of each other). So then once you consolidate those, your work of the last few weeks could get lost.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with new technologies and a lot of customer feedback to consinder.
Interns are treated equally with full-time employees.

Cons: Leadership tells one story and acts another....Many great ideas are squashed in the process.  People growth is touted but not implemented.
Advice: Create transparency.  Invest in people.  Create channels for training up that aren't limited by management approval.
Pros: Great colleagues, motivated, forward-thinking, dedicated, innovative.  Benefits are excellent.

Cons: There are some competing business units which can confuse customers.
Advice: Ensure strategy cascades through the org past level 2-3. Focus on simplification for customers, especially when it comes to cloud portfolio.
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits, good working conditions, good leadership and direction. Great coworkers.

Cons: Being forced to come up with cons.... I can only say, due to the size of the company, sometimes it takes a bit longer to turn ideas into reality.
Advice: None
Pros: Trust, respect for who you are as an individual, ability to influence the scope of your work, open door policy,  work-life-balance

Cons: Cultural differences between SAP and the new cloud acquisitions, and even among the acquisitions make it a hard place to excel, or even survive.
Advice: None
Pros: Great number of talented employees coming through the acquisitions
Company trying hard to retain top talent

Cons: Silos and duplicated efforts; unsurprising at such a huge company
Advice: Remove silos and incentivize innovation by working together.
Pros: Excellent culture that values workers, expertise, and service
Motivated colleagues, mentors, and learners
Benefits and time off you're encouraged to take
Mobility within the company into lateral roles

Cons: Huge company, so you can sometimes experience effects of some bureaucracy
Can take a lot of time to get new products or features rolled out
Advice: None
Pros: Great forward thinking and creative management
Product teams are very interested in user research
Ability to work remotely
Lots of company resources for career development etc

Cons: Global company- sometimes requires odd work hours.
Advice: Company vision is clearly communicated. Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Truly a work hard-have fun atmosphere.  SAP advocates wellness, well-being and work-life balance.  Very large company with lot's of networking opportunities.  Great benefits.  Strong leadership.

Cons: Knowing their corporate structure and who to talk to for a project requires you to know the byzantine maze of groups and their fiefdoms.
Advice: Run Simple.
Pros: Enlightened company with great equality policies that support all the unique indiviuals here and also for equal salaries for women.

Cons: Once you joined SAP, there is no other place you would like to work instead!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a culture to constantly improve, grow and get better in every aspect of the company; Our culture is very casual and open; very flexible to change jobs internally

Cons: As a large company, it can feel like things move too slowly in a fast-paced world.
Advice: inspire and enable more and more entrepreneurship within the company.   This exists, but it occurs in big bang waves and not day to day.
Pros: Solid company with great benefits, work-life balance and vales.

Cons: Loads of emotion drive core strategic decisions (may be changing with external investors), most especially lay-offs
People stay way longer than maybe they should 
Inclusion of non-white, non-German, non-male employees continues to be a significant challenge
Advice: Please, fewer reorganizations
Pros: Pay + Benefit tend to be solid 
Internal growth opportunities good 
People are amazing

Cons: Work life balance is a double edged sword. You can work from anywhere, but you tend to work from everywhere.
Advice: Keep being awesome.
Pros: Leading the industry forward both in business process design, and computer software. You're able to change not only SAP but the industry and ultimately the world.

Cons: In long term projects team members who get trained in latest technology unable to practice or use
Advice: Every consultant should be given an opportunity to  train to be a world class consultant
Pros: Best consultants and architects who know what they are doing which was easy to manage

Cons: HR is a complex organization and things take time to resolve
Advice: Continue the #unfiltered survey, and continue to engage employees internally to develop internal end user happiness and work-life balance.
Pros: SAP Concur values it's employees and continues to promote a healthy work life balance. Onboarding was fantastic!

Cons: some co-workers have very old fashioned ideas, too much process and documentation, too much time spent on PPTs v/s actual work.
Advice: Tap into experts, get lean, too many teams doing the same thing, get rid of unnecessary process.
Pros: Good Work Life Balance, Management has a Modern outlook, trying to encourage women

Cons: Demanding work environment and high expectations. So it requires the right attitude and drive.
Advice: None
Pros: The best thing about SAP is its people. They care about each other and go out of their way to help each other. Leaders have an open door policy and are easy to work with.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, need to build and leverage your network to get the most accomplished
Advice: Keep moving on diversity and inclusion efforts
Pros: Global community, enormous diversity of skills and experiences you can contribute, changing nature of what our core businesses have become over time

Cons: Big company with some inefficient processes
Advice: It is a great company to work for. It would be great if the internal opportunities are published better. Bringing referrals in could be made easier by improving the systems/processes
Pros: Respectful culture, great colleagues, who's who of enterprise customers

Cons: Like all big companies SAP has over years acquired small businesses and each brings its own culture. So not all groups have the same work culture. Talk to other employees if you can before you join.
Advice: Make sure the lower management takes employee surveys seriously and does not mask the review results.
Pros: Don't have much opinion about SAP as a whole and don't any positive to share about the group I work with.

Cons: Since the company is so big, it can be hard to get to know people. Networking is KEY to getting things done here.
Advice: SAP needs a better streamlined communications system.
Pros: People here love to help you. Plus the free lunch (up to 6.50) and free snacks on each floor is a plus :)

Cons: - old boys club
- no career path
- questionable managers
- key positions in USA always awarded to external (i.e. ex-HP)
Advice: Nurture talents
Avoid yes-people
Pros: - international community
- lot of free time if in a global role
- good school

Cons: Work never ends... There is always a customer problem that needs to be worked on.
Advice: 
Pros: There is always something new to learn and improve your skills.
I'm dealing with customer challenges on a daily basis which force me to learn new way of improving my customers business processes.

Cons: Work could get repetitive if you do not actively shift teams. Some teams do excellent research work, but not all. Depends on where you get posted.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to work with people from different countries. Chilled out atmosphere, college-like environment. Get to work on different products in the suite.

Cons: Some areas are a little siloed still but this is getting better.
Advice: Keep listening and responding to employees needs, wants and career aspirations!
Pros: Flexibility, leadership and amazing people make this company what it is.  A great atmosphere to grow and challenge yourself!

Cons: Travel, 24/7 work culture, lack of work/life balance
Advice: Push for more remote work in traveling roles, eliminate culture of "working vacations"
Pros: Training, experience, resume building, public speaking, benefits, bonus, stability

Cons: Lack of guidance from execs, zero accountability, little mentorship from senior employees
Advice: get your grip together and listen to your own employees, not others.
Pros: Maybe the only high-tech company in the Bay Area that offers this level of work/life balance. Very flexible work environment. Lunch is free

Cons: Top management heavy and it takes years to establish your "brand". You are expected to be an expert in every solution area
Advice: Give your employees a solid career path
Pros: Work with the most talented and elite people in the IT industry. You have the chance to accelerate and grow your career

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, need to build and leverage your network to get the most accomplished
Advice: Keep moving on diversity and inclusion efforts
Pros: Global community, enormous diversity of skills and experiences you can contribute, changing nature of what our core businesses have become over time

Cons: As with most large companies, a lot of "red tape" stifles innovation and efficiency.

Very long and slow career path with very little opportunity for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and benefits. Pay is a bit lacking by US standards, but the benefits and focus on work/life balance is worth it.

Cons: Most are overworked, over-allocated to work
Layoffs are hidden and not public, but happen all the time under the covers
Cloud strategy is weak and not likely to succeed, even though heavy investment is going into these areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Paid well
Unlimited sick time
Opportunity to grow into new roles
Equal opportunity for females

Cons: Too many products, lost in the myriad of products to work on. Cog in a giant wheel(s) of things.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, company vision. Directly impacts so many people across the world and bring communities together on many platforms, creates network of excellence - both the company and people associated grow together.

Cons: Can be difficult to get to the bottom of decisions being made within a large corporation.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked for Concur who was acquired by SAP during my tenure. I have only great things to say about Concur and though SAP is a very large organization, their methodology to the acquisition was positive.

Cons: Passion to meet aggressive company goals can sometimes impact one's personal life
Advice: None
Pros: Very innovative company with aggressive with go-to market strategies.  
Employees are very passionate and dedicated to the overall success of the company.
Employees are free to speak their minds and provide feedback to SAP leadership
Leadership appreciates feedback of employees and acts on recommendations

Cons: Revolving chairs - same people keep getting different/expanded roles.
Fiefdoms - senior management adept at forming mini-empires
Always a sense of crisis/cost-cutting despite the company firing on all cylinders
Advice: Ask management to manage down and not just up and develop internal talent
Pros: Work life balance
Innovation is back!
Good salary and benefits.
Global interaction.

Cons: Organizational change is by definition disruptive.  Organization can be a challenge to navigate.  If you're not in one of the key offices, you'll need to work to maintain engagement and visibility.
Advice: None
Pros: For a large established, company, SAP continues to innovate and evolve which creates opportunities for career advancement and enrichment.

Cons: Too many changes, lack of growth for management talent coming from outside of the company into it.
Advice: Break up the political clique across all areas. It is not helping the company catalyze change.
Pros: International company with breadth and depth of solutions in all core business areas.

Cons: Sometimes you face tough customers. The ERP system is buggy and unpredicted problem could happen very often.
Advice: I think they should have more clear career path for their employees otherwise not a very good place to stay.
Pros: Not so busy during work. Many holidays. The colleagues are all very nice.

Cons: It's getting too big! Too many outside people are coming in and ruining it.
Advice: Rely on the people who have grown up in the company.
Pros: A lot of very smart, dedicated people who are fun to work with. You have a lot of flexiblity to balance their life can work.

Cons: Sometimes the bureaucracy can be a bit stiffling, but they are cosntantly working to make that better. Otherwise, its a solid org
Advice: Speed up your hiring process
Pros: SAP is a great brand and a place with smart, wonderful teams. I recommend it to any one looking for a solid, challenging internship

Cons: Global company making it hard to make local decisions.
Advice: The leveling of management is not ideal. They are reducing titles to non management while still performing the same job functions.
Pros: Free food, coffee and snacks, work/life/balance programs. Great bonus and salary increases and reward programs for top performers.

Cons: Contractors are under paid, hard to obtain position if you do know someone within the company , a lot of traveling required for upper management makibg it hard to have a family
Advice: 
Pros: Benefits, anle to work remotly, positive work environment, a lot of opportunity for growth

Cons: - wish there was more mentor-ship opportunities
- would like to get paid a bit more, think my salary may be lower compared to others.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible work schedule (can make your own hours)
-Bright colleagues
- Good working environment
-Lots of opportunities to travel

Cons: Sometimes it's hard not to feel like a small cog in a giant machine. Making a small decision can sometimes take a lot of work. It's hard to feel agile.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing, and try to make developers feel important.
Pros: Great compensation and benefits, and a strong drive for work-life balance.

Cons: Sometimes dysfunctional.  Redundent departments.  Management doesn't talk to employees enough.
Advice: Get input before you make your decisions.
Pros: Salary, benefits. I have to manage my own time and activities.  As a consultant, I work with a wide range of people on a temporary basis.

Cons: Politics; gamesmanship; inexperienced mid level managers. Dysfunctional relationships. Self promotion at its best!
Advice: Spend several years in leadership development and learn integrity.
Pros: Talented field level personnel. Good money.

Cons: Tough to advance or qualify for opportunities unless very technical or sales savvy.
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive with other companies in resources, salaries, benefits, opportunities and virtual work environment.

Cons: Extremely political, behind the technology curve, big, big company that's disconnected, relies too much on legacy SAP shops and slow to innovate
Advice: Keep doing the best you can with the resources you have
Pros: Good compensation and benefits, internal networking opportunities, talented people, good opportunities to move into management

Cons: Projects often get caught up in politics and hierarchy. Often too many cooks in the kitchen that slow progress or hinder innovation
Advice: None
Pros: There is a lot of opportunity for growth and a chance to wear many different hats. Good compensation/benefits. Good work/life balance.

Cons: People reporting to out of state managers, with very limited knowledge of what transpires in individual office locations. Unrealistic expectations for employees.
Advice: Learn to utilize workforce more effectively and decrease duplication of effort.
Pros: Independent working environment with minimum supervision. Daily lunch voucher.

Cons: Open space concept in the Deer Creek Campus is not appealing and doesn't allow privacy.
Advice: None
Pros: Network of people is great Everyone is looking to help each other. Great place to start a career as their are many opportunities if you put yourself out there!

Cons: Not many.. It is a place where your experience is what you make it.  You'll have the ability to create your career path.
Advice: Keep trusting people!!  It is appreciated.
Pros: Great leadership, Focus on making changes to run simple.  Excellent internal tools and resources.

Cons: Need to set own goals
Little guidance on movement
Need to be part of the inner circle to get anywhere
Advice: Work together
Outreach more with your employees 
Learn the product
Pros: Good work life balance
Lots of helpful people to learn from
Very diverse US employees
Decent pay
Ability to travel anywhere

Cons: You are "head count"...if you are not involved with the newer technology plays it is difficult to get funding , etc. Complicated
Advice: Get it simple. Think through Global programs and the roadblocks etc. that come up from the field
Pros: People , excitement , activity .....over all a v-good experience

Cons: None that I have experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for almost 10 years and it is truly a great company to work for.  The company culture and treatment of employees is excellent.  Every situation is dealt with professionally and in a timely manner.

Cons: Luck of permanent work desk for most of the interns and entry-level employees. Also, it is unusual for employees to work with two monitors. Most of them work just with a laptop alone which is very inconvenient
Advice: None
Pros: The company provides access to gym, covers lunch expenses, and overall benefits are great

Cons: Too much travels for COE, salary growth rate is slow, knowledge set is too narrow but the pressure is also not that high
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work, good work life balance, working environment is very good. All others are good. I love SAP

Cons: Influence by German head quarters. Catching up in technologies from cloud to AI. If you don’t have drive yourself, don’t expect to be challenged.
Advice: None
Pros: Access to experts in 25 industries and technologies. Opportunity to be entrepreneurial in a well established company. Opportunities to push yourself.

Cons: Somewhat bureaucratic.  At least some of your time will be spent on corporate level training that really has nothing to do with the work you want to do.
Advice: Less social work, more software
Pros: Brilliant colleagues, challenging work, great pay and benefits, many opportunities

Cons: SAP is a large enterprise and sometimes that can be overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is purpose-driven.  SAP cares about it's employees and their happiness.  SAP works with the best customers and across all industries.  SAP has world-class products.  SAP has the best talent in the industry.

Cons: - Less competitive pay compared to Google/Facebook/etc but on par with most other software roles, especially factoring in work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting work that is in high demand by customers
- Extremely good work life balance
- Free breakfast and lunch

Cons: Sales teams still have old fashioned managers.
Advice: Work on leader's human skills. Managers don't have to perform for their employees, they need to lead teams to great results.
Pros: Great development opportunities, great compensation, wonderful work environment, life balance, benefits, flexibility.

Cons: - Tough to navigate the matrix 
- Difficult to deal with slackers
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance 
- People are generally easy to work with 
- Easy to seek and gain mentorship 
- Broad portfolio results in interesting work in widespread industries and process areas

Cons: SAP  need to provide more competitive Salary and Benefits 
Learning new skill set needs to be promoted as still few of the areas are working as old traditional ways
There is always a upper hand for EMEA region which sometimes is counter productive
Advice: None
Pros: Working atmosphere
Employee Friendly 
Great Culture

Cons: The past few months there has been a lot of change in leadership.
Advice: Let’s walk the talk and be focus on execution.
Pros: I have met leaders who really cares about you as a person, acknowledge you and work on a plan to make sure your voice is heard.

Cons: Since everything is remote, you may have to speak up at times when the work is slow
Advice: None
Pros: SAP invested a lot in its interns, especially since everything went remote. The compensation is great and there are a lot of cool company wide events that are done over Zoom.

Cons: None, I love working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Huge company means lots of great opportunity, both for lateral career moves and upward mobility. Also a very strong corporate culture and sense of community, which is rare for a company so large. You'll work hard, but you get back what you put in.

Cons: It's getting too big! Too many outside people are coming in and ruining it.
Advice: Rely on the people who have grown up in the company.
Pros: A lot of very smart, dedicated people who are fun to work with. You have a lot of flexiblity to balance their life can work.

Cons: although there are many resources, sometimes hard to find the right people and resources, huge company
Advice: continue making things simpler and focus on career development for new employees, create easier ways to measure performance
Pros: great leadership from first line sales manager, great products to sell, great office environment and team collaboration

Cons: Direction of solution/software changes quickly and sometimes in multiple directions at once.
Advice: Stay progressive in thought, policy, and action.  Be pragmatic and compassionate in all things.
Pros: Collaborative environment with access to the resources you need to move your career forward.  Respected company and solid products.

Cons: None that I can think of, then again, I am a glass half full type person.
Advice: Keep doing a great job in valuing your employees.
Pros: The culture is very people oriented.  SAP promotes self development and is in a strong growth mode with opportunities for advancement.

Cons: Overworked, underpaid, lots of coolaid. High school clique feeling. Good if just out of college. They want you to suck up to all the partners big time so good luck having any life out side of work.  Specifically they want you to live in the ADP offices which is notoriously a joke and scum bag org.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool office, cool city. Good budget to pamper yourself with food, wine, hotels, Starbucks, etc.  Basically unlimited budget for expenses.

Cons: Toxic environment
No loyalty from management 
Long hours, NO work/life balance, you just work!
Do it or else attitude by management 
Unreasonable demands!
BAD MANAGEMENT & MANAGERS
Cloud technology lacks, behind many others, lacks innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good 
Colleagues are nice
Offices are good 

Benefits are good 
Colleagues are nice
Offices are good


Pay grades are @ok”

Cons: I don't have any cons to list.
Advice: Continue all the programs that make SAP strong - diversity &amp; inclusion, autism at work, social sabbatical, fellowships, etc.
Pros: Exciting environment, empowering as a leader, opportunities to learn and grow abound. Very prudent, fiscally responsible leaders. Culture of openness, risk taking, trust.

Cons: Since this is a big corporation and the structure is complex, sometimes it's hard to look through all the levels
Advice: None
Pros: I am a full-time remote employee which gives me a great work-life balance and flexibility. Love the company and it's offerings. Great place to work and develop your professional skills.

Cons: Complex matrix organization with all the big company challenges.
Advice: More structured career path for potential leaders.   Delegate authority within the organization to manage complexity.
Pros: SAP  leadership is strong and fair.    Not a place to fly under the radar.

Cons: You're detached to the Global Design team so most of your design decisions have to be approved by them. Too many layers of approvals before you actually could make an impact in the design decision.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership in training. Will force you to lead a group. Continued education is encouraged. Awesome benefits.

Cons: Everything you can imagine and so much more. Do a little research and you'll find a treasure trove of great leaders that have recently departed for much greener pastures. The employees from offices in Germany will continue to veto anything productive for the company in order to hide their longstanding lack of production.
Advice: Move EVERYTHING to the US and stop hiring people decades past their prime in all markets.
Pros: Good pay and benefits for the right roles

Cons: Large company and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing! CK is doing a great job at implementing change. I am really excited for the future of SAP!
Pros: Compensation, employee well-being, benefits, leadership, care for employees, company taking action during pandemic and social injustice.

Cons: -can feel like you are a tiny fish in a massive pond
Advice: Prioritize keeping freedom, creativity and flexibility in our roles as Concur begins to lose more autonomy to SAP.
Pros: Endless opportunities, flexibility, many orgs have great leadership, ability to invest in projects outside of your day to day role

Cons: the company policies and bureaucracy is a little slow at times and PTOs are very common so projects take a long time to get off the ground
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, awesome projects, challenging work, overall my experience at SAP has been great. The culture is very laid back as well

Cons: Balancing personal life with the work schedule vs. the rewards that are reaped.
Advice: Need to look at the overall value and invest a little more in customer care.  Need to buy more companies to ensure the growth and increase margin
Pros: Growth, and complex business solutions

Cons: rigid and complex leadership structure, work interest varies by function, opportunity, division
Advice: Invest into building a bigger SAP Consulting arm.  Not only it is good revenue stream, but good consultants help SAP with software purchases fro their clients
Pros: Excellent resume builder, diverse work environment

Cons: global company, long working hours to communicate with EMEA and APA region; distributed environment
Advice: Get some people who are able to execute the many good ideas that come from senior management
Pros: Company takes good care of their employees; not the typical American employer, no hire-and-fire mentality

Cons: The only con is that there aren't many companies like SAP!
Advice: 
Pros: Aside from good salary and benefits, SAP offers the most up to date technology to work with.  If you want or need to work remote, no problem!

Cons: HR not as capable or knowledgeable.  SAP hires in my opinion the worst HR executives in the industry. Not a Good company for Immigrants especially for Visa holders
Advice: None
Pros: Great Product, Good Colleagues, Nice Office environment.

Cons: while process and structure is good on the one hand, it can sometimes make things take a while to get done
Advice: keep up the good work!  its's an exciting time to work at SAP
Pros: market leader
new innovations
very 
strategic acquisitions
focus on people
process and structure

Cons: zero work life balance
lopsided compensation 
German culture imposed on US has a chilling effect on innovation
hard to move within the orgnization
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Smart people 
Global brand 
great customers that have amazing businesses 
good HR and support staff

Cons: Need more commitment to employee continued education and work/life balance.
Advice: Relax some of the billable requirement to allow consultants to broaden skills without sacrificing time with family.
Pros: Great culture.  Emphasis on Collaboration. Top notch consultants committed to customer success. Very proud to have worked for SAP.

Cons: Extremely high turnover in the West region leadership, sales and sales support roles. Lack of office morale due to these issues
Advice: Do more to boost morale and sense of support in sales. Re-org less often in the GTM model
Pros: Good people, high caliber of smart, talented professionals

Cons: This type of sales-oriented enterprise software culture is not for everyone. There will be constant pressure to make quarterly and annual numbers.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing exposure to a world class software organization, fantastic networking opportunities across a range of industries. You will learn knowledge that's easily leveraged at any other company.

Cons: Highly Matrix, redundant positions and responsibilities. German Management Style. Staff reduction after Acquisitions. Quarterly revenue driven. Switching to s subscription revenue model.
Advice: Build employee trust
Pros: Great Brand, Exceptional Customer Base, Solid Product Vision, Great Ecosystem. Good path to cloud leadership. Switching to s subscription revenue model.

Cons: departments are very detached, hardly any face to face communication, repeated work, manager is very cold
Advice: encourage more local collaboration, avoid using IM even when the employees are a wall separated
Pros: well paid, great facilities and benefits, opportunity to work with teams all around the globe, and a beautiful campus

Cons: Changes are the only constant thing in the company. Which is often too much where you don't know what will happen next.
Advice: Communicate more efficiently on the changes and have a direction to the people below.
Pros: Management are supportive and understanding. They are pretty flexible in working from home.

Cons: It is a very challenging environment, but not impossible to excel in (if you have what it takes).
Advice: None
Pros: This company has changed my life. I cannot say enough wonderful things about the company. I'm treated so well here and I am able to consistently see my impact.

Cons: Being a larger company, it was very easy to just feel like a number. It was really easy to fly under the radar working on such a ,argue team
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, great responsibility and really made me feel like part of the team. Great company doing amazing things.

Cons: Decent but not great career growth potential
Diff to transition to other roles
Advice: Work with employees to define goals and career path and give employees opportunities internally to take on more responsibilities
Pros: Great place to work for, though things are changing after market melt down in 2009
Decent career growth

Cons: pay little less than other high tech companies (google, Facebook...) in the Bay Area, but you have life.  Remember work to live, not live to work.
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work (as I work in the bay area); work life balance; everyone treats equally; diversity (very!)

Cons: work/life balance can be challenging; company has gone too far on the PC spectrum but I would assume this is the case with all large corporations
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities for advancement; excellent culture of high-performing individuals; they treat people fairly and with great compassion in most instances

Cons: often disconnected organizations that are duplicating work or looking to "own" an initiative which may not be in the best interests of the company as a whole.
Advice: one brand. solution versus product  based organizational and reward structure.
Pros: inclusive, creative and entrepreneurial culture.  employees feel valued and heard.

Cons: Large, hard to get stuff done quickly.  Many lateral internal opportunities, upward growth very difficult unless you are recruited from the outside.
Advice: Look within before promoting from the outside. Many newbies have a high attrition rate
Pros: Great work life balance. Flexibility. Industry leader. Self paced devlopment opps

Cons: Too many choices for education and career building. It's hard to choose.
Advice: Keep compensation fair and equitable for similar roles. Allow for bigger increases during promotion and progression.
Pros: Great benefits and super talented management team make SAP a solid choice for a long term career.

Cons: Smaller locations might not get lunch like larger branches. But honestly no real cons. SAP is a really great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a really especial place. Amazing work/life balance, and great people, both professionally and human quality. Payment is very competitive and benefits are really good.

Cons: Depend on what kind of managers you have. Some nasty managers make environment toxic. Open work environment is very noisy and make people less productive.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall life  work balance is good.

Cons: I honestly do not have anything to share as a con.
Advice: Keep doing what your doing!
Pros: We have incredible leaders with a vision to continue to make our world a better place.  There are so many brilliant people that work here, it's refreshing!

Cons: I can't think of a any reasons not to work at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for many years.  The company offers great benefits and flexibility.  We continuously strive for product innovations and is focused on delivering excellent employee experience

Cons: large company so there are a lot of internal processes some of which can take a lot of time
Advice: None
Pros: Encourage continuous learning, abilities to explore internal opportunities, focus on health and well-being, flexible work locations (i.e. work from home), overall compensation

Cons: Finding the right balance in development to not overengineer, deliver fast and keep quality high.
Advice: I support the current course - so stay on it.
Pros: Experiences made working at SAP. My best experience has always been in projects helping to resolve problems for our customers.

Cons: Lack of broader understanding of the travel products as core is focused on entirely different business units/verticals.
Advice: Continue seeking advice and feedback from current employees and take risks w/regards to travel products.
Pros: Great support across the board, and incredibly intelligent colleagues. Agility with substantial resources, and treated fairly throughout.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic at times
Slow to change to status quo
Advice: Do not reorganize teams to suit the aspirations of executives, rather focus on Line of business based reorganization of teams.
Pros: Wide variety of jobs to choose from
Possibility to switch teams and pursue one's passion
Great work life balance
Relative stability

Cons: Not against SAP, but all tech companies are constantly innovating and changing.  This is something that one needs to get used too!
Advice: The best leaders around, really!  Keep it up!
Pros: Tons of opportunity, lot's of help to achieve your goals!  Amazing people!

Cons: like many large companies, SAP has its share of internal energy and can get in the way of executing a great strategy
Advice: remove barriers and cut time to execute
Pros: SAP is a great company, built to last, amazing people and products

Cons: SAP is a very large company and sometimes that can be difficult to navigate.
Advice: Continue the great leadership and communicating about upcoming challenges.
Pros: Managers have always been great advocates for my professional development. 
Lots of great opportunities for volunteer work and giving back
The benefits are very competitive.

Cons: no cons, True, you don't believe there are no cons
Advice: SAP Makes lives simple "True Statement from the heart"
Pros: work life balance, no politics, we respect each other, Company believe in simple solutions that makes simple all our lives

Cons: For me personally, I didn't start working here earlier!  Should have come on board 20 years earlier!
Advice: None
Pros: Everything - from paid time off to healthcare, diversity, gender equality, and work-life support, SAP is dedicated to its valued employees

Cons: Not really a true Con,...but learning and understanding roles, partnerships, who does what can be overwhelming at first.
Advice: Having a better flow chart of systems. How they are each used and who plays what part within deal cycles.
Pros: Work/Life Balance, Employee Well-Bring focus, Pay,

Cons: Too many reorganizations that can fatigue employees
Advice: Keep caring for your employees and environment like you already do. Reorganizations can be fewer and farther apart
Pros: Great work -life balance; Ample opportunities outside of day-day work, extremely employee friendly company,company policies care about environment/sustainability

Cons: Large company and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing! CK is doing a great job at implementing change. I am really excited for the future of SAP!
Pros: Compensation, employee well-being, benefits, leadership, care for employees, company taking action during pandemic and social injustice.

Cons: Overly process laden, long work weeks, constantly changing management and work force. Cross matrix teams need to work together, not against each other.
Advice: Mentor your teams, help them to be successful instead of making them fear for loosing their jobs.
Pros: Dynamic work environment, very challenging, cutting edge technologies

Cons: The compensation and benefits is very bad. The salary provided by SAP is very low and not at all competative in the market.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a very Good work life balance. And has no issues in taking vacations and holidays easily. Also WFH is good.

Cons: No onsite opportunities. Recognition is very bad. Salary increments not genuine with performers.
Advice: Give On-sites opportunities to deserved people. Also, make internal transfer policy genuine rather than selecting the candidate before opening the position in portal.
Pros: Work life balance is excellent. Good Transport and food options in Bangalore.

Cons: Typical large enterprise, it is slow to change. While the job is stable, it is hard to move up.
Advice: Taking more feedback from employee for their directions and grow.
Pros: Great benefit with good work environment. Working with German engineers, can bring lot of experience.

Cons: If you are use to a fast paced sales environment, this is not it
Advice: Stop rearranging the territories and roles every 6 months- a year and allow people to continue building out their territories
Pros: Best work/play environment and great management

Cons: There isn’t enough events (hours) throughout the month, parking is some what far, I didn’t really like the uniform we had to wear
Advice: None
Pros: They are Very flexible, you can choose your own hours, monthly schedule, friendly coworkers, you are able to listen to concerts/shows

Cons: Work life balance is not good, always work on a mess. Traffic is really bad and not much rewards other than bonus
Advice: None
Pros: Good team member and good manager. Free lunch and free gym. Has beautiful view inside the Stanford Park. Different commute benefits for buses, bikes and carpools.

Cons: I really have nothing negative to say.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers great benefits, vacation, flexible work arrangements, lunch among other things. The company is focused on diversity and inclusion and also sustainability - which are all very important to me. SAP has been a wonderful employer over the years.

Cons: Office is far from where I live. Double-edged sword of working with people in far away time zones (but sometimes I get to travel there, which is excellent).
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, excellent colleagues, 5 weeks vacation, competitive salary and benefits, ability to work from home.

Cons: Jobs in SAP services are horrible. They treat you like a slave. They make you work 60 hour weeks without a blink. They even put it in their contracts with customers. If you want a quick burnout, that's the place to work.
Advice: Treat employees like humans, not resources.
Pros: SAP in general is a great place to work. Compensation and benefits are great. Training opportunities, general culture are good. Lots of talented people.

Cons: Salary isn't always the most competitive, but work life balance is good and more important in the long term
Advice: Keep the change and modernization process going.
Pros: Multinational company with many interesting roles across the globe. They look after the employees well

Cons: Trying to get free of legacy platforms makes some stuff move slower than it should.
Advice: Leadership is solid, flexible, decisive and responsive to change keep up the good work.
Pros: Security, stability, career development, interesting products, lots of opportunity to make a difference.

Cons: With such a large company, and a large remote workforce, it can be hard to see where you fit in overall.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had several managers over the years. All of them have been very supportive of me as a person and my career.

Cons: Like most big tech companies, face external challenges that prompt continuous reinvention and competitiveness.
Advice: Continue fostering innovation, resilience, and diversity. Not many companies really seem to care the way SAP has demonstrated
Pros: Empowers workforce, invests in development of its people, socially responsible, diverse and inclusive.

Cons: Extremely large company with 100k+ employees which can be both a pro and a con when it comes to building bridges not silos
Advice: None
Pros: Talented and helpful people, inclusive culture, flexible work schedules

Cons: Huge company. Make no mistake is primarily sales driven. Typical change of guards every year shifts critical strategic programs to reset every cycle. Difficult to make progress unless tied to a few of the upper echelon.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the international culture and spirit of SAP. Incredible people and promise.

Cons: There are no downside of working at SAP. I have been working here since last 1.5 years and I still recommend individuals to explore the opportunities here at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Work life balance
2. Variety of tech stacks to learn and work on
3. Good feedback system

Cons: tough culture to accomodate if you are new into the org.
Advice: i think the salaries need to be more in par with competition esp. for loyal employees who have served for a longer duration
Pros: career opportunities are good and there is a will to support it

Cons: You may have to travel a lot and connect with many global locations to get your job done.
Advice: focus more on your top talent- make sure they are appropriately rewarded
Pros: work with the best IT exectuives in the industry..

Cons: - sales and margin driven organization
- political environment
- A lot of endless meetings
Advice: you better spend more time in the field than in meetings
increase your speed to execute
stick to your decisions
Pros: learning about business processes
get the chance to consult large enterprises
great training classes
knowledgeable engineers
great product

Cons: Managers are disconnected from employees.  Managers feel elite and treat employee's like they aree scum.
Advice: Stop acting like elitists and get in touch with your employees.  Stop being passive aggressive. If you have something to address, maybe do it in person rather than by a sarcastic email.
Pros: Good food in the cafeteria. That's the only good point about working there.

Cons: Plenty of incapable managers.
Extremely slow in responding to bad management. 
No mechanism to get feedback on managers.
Advice: Introduce 360 deg feedback. Ensure technical people are not strangled by people (mis)managers.
Pros: Great Work/Life Balance. Not a hire/fire type of company .

Cons: Work life imbalance. Limited opportunities to shift lateraly. Management focus in US on sales rather than employee satisfaction and growth.
Advice: Career developement and satisfaction of employyes. topline and bottomline is important but if the employyes are not satisfied SAP cannot grow.
Pros: Opportunities to learn. Resolve chaleenging issues for clients.

Cons: The numerous reorganizations make it challenging to remain focused & drive sales.
Advice: Improve change management by increasing communication.
Pros: People will go out of their way to help you. SAP culture encourages a great team environment with lots of collaboration.

Cons: Very fast pace, many time zones to manage. You must be good at prioritizing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great business space, bright future and opportunities. Great business challenges ahead, with opportunity to lead in the SaaS market.

Cons: Company is transitioning the business model, bonus is been affected as the new revenues are still picking up.
Lack of strategic vision from part of the senior management. 
Many times the senior management message get lost on the way.
Advice: None
Pros: Best Enterprise software portfolio worldwide. 
Flexible work Environment 
Good Total compensation
Solid company.

Cons: The recent sales leader from SAP are asking employees to do more with even less, higher quotas with smaller territories, less resources, migration to SAP systems is a nightmare, big company bureaucracy.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, pay is good, good benefits. Customers are very positive about the solutions.

Cons: Its long-term strategy is unclear for people who want steadiness and it has too many moving parts that rub against each other.
Advice: This is an excellent company.
Pros: SAP is a high paced, performance based culture that continues to excel in a quickly changing software environment.

Cons: The company is too big. Feel irrelevant sometimes.
Advice: Simplify the management hierarchy and try to stabilize the upper management team. We saw many potential business units are gone due to management change, specially those acquired ones.
Pros: Relatively good benefit, good work environment, and good work culture

Cons: Way too big - not much chance to make an impact.
Advice: Figure out a way to make things less anonymous and give people the feeling that they are contributing.
Pros: Great product line, lots of experienced and smart people.

Cons: Jobs in SAP services are horrible. They treat you like a slave. They make you work 60 hour weeks without a blink. They even put it in their contracts with customers. If you want a quick burnout, that's the place to work.
Advice: Treat employees like humans, not resources.
Pros: SAP in general is a great place to work. Compensation and benefits are great. Training opportunities, general culture are good. Lots of talented people.

Cons: None at this current time!
Advice: None
Pros: I am allowed to work from home, 100%.  At this stage of my life and career not commuting in the Bay Area gives me more time at home with family, not driving.  So very grateful to SAP and my management.

Cons: Too much politics. unreasonable resource allocation. The commute is horrible. There is only 1 shuttle bus per day.
Advice: Cloud stability is huge issue. Need to solve this first.
Pros: Good people to work with.

Cons: Can't think of much. It's a very big organization and you are may be stuck in a silo limiting your chances on working on different technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
Generous vacation and discount on SAP shares
Good working environment largely free of politics
Competitive pay

Cons: Prepare to use paper and excel and expect to be ridiculed if you ask for help.  Misery is culture and you can ask anyone who's be there for 1+
Advice: Has to change from the top down.  Front line leaders are treated like individual contributors as well.  Which equals, no culture and no growing your workforce
Pros: You can make good money if front line managers like you

Cons: Salary is slightly lower than competitors, at least in the IT area.  A little too much bureaucracy for certain areas.  Too much time needed for some decisions due to micro management.
Advice: None
Pros: Access to the newest technology.  Benefits.  Flexible work arrangements.

Cons: Need to update internal system software to latest available.
Advice: Give employees the updated software that is offered to the customers. It allows employees to know and love the software we sell even more.
Pros: Lunch mostly paid for. Great facilities. Terrific training and recognition. Great pay.

Cons: To grow by 20-30% year over year, if you're not comfortable with a lot of change, this isn't the right company for you.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: SAP Concur hires amazing people, has great leadership, a focus on innovation and a super fun culture

Cons: Not great pay, incompetent management, boring projects, not many growth opportunities...
Advice: Pay you employees more! SAP is lacking because all the top tier talent go for the big 4 companies. Don't just say that you encourage innovation, reward it!
Pros: Good people, acceptable pay, free lunch!

Cons: less salary, may be good for east coast and less for west coast
Advice: May move your shift ur silicon valley office to texas. I will come back to work if this happens.
Pros: good wlb. can take care of family

Cons: Continuous reorganizations slow pace of change
Who you know matters more than measured  contributions
Advice: Make a decision, communicate it broadly as stick with it long enough to measure impacts fully
Pros: Peers are smart and motivated
Transformation to Cloud presents career mobility

Cons: Heavy management style, too many layers, competing agendas, very long lead time from idea to action, complicated partnering strategy
Advice: Be much more honest with partners and employees, pick your spots and don't try to be everything to everybody.
Pros: Excellent compensation, solid technology, bright/dedicated people, global market leader

Cons: The politics are brutal.  You may spend more time fielding questions about the politics of a project than the project itself.
Advice: None
Pros: Very successful company.
Pay is competitive.
Some very good people there.
Lots of travel, depending upon role (might be a con).

Cons: There was constant organization changes.  Good sales reps were re-org'd out of deals.

The point system used to determine pay for participating on deals fo tech people was extremely political
Advice: None
Pros: a wide variety of job functions and technologies are intertwined with the SAP ecosystem /  captured customer base

Cons: Too many reorganizations. Too many people at the top. The margin could be a few % higher if SAP didnt have so many SVP's.
Advice: Hire workers not random SVP's.
Pros: Interesting work with good technology. Decent benefits compared to other software companies.

Cons: There is some favoritism and the SAP machine can really slow things down/hard to get work done fast.
Advice: None
Pros: The people, strong relationships with customers/high focus on customer loyalty and care, fun work environment, global experience.

Cons: Too much travel, highly demanding work during closing season
Advice: Great management, proactive and empower promoters in all of their business units.
Pros: Great company to work for, I love the work culture and the challenging atmosphere. Good Benefits and Pay, Good Work Environment, Well Respected Company

Cons: Once put on the bench, very hard to get next assignment.
Advice: Establish better billing rates for consultants in order to make them more market competitive.
Pros: Once on a project as a consultant, it seemed the work next stopped.  Change Orders kept coming along.

Cons: Not a strong depth of knowledge of how a Cloud company should truly run; internal processes are too slow for quick growth.
Advice: Truly adapt to the nature of the Cloud technology world.
Pros: Great benefits and salary. Plenty of support options for personal career growth.

Cons: Some opportunities to learn are only offered once and sometimes you are too busy to attend them.
Advice: Send more emails about opportunities for interns to learn such as speeches and lectures.
Pros: As an intern they provide lots of fun activities as well as opportunities to learn.

Cons: Terrible complacency amongst most tenured employees that is driven by little to no accountability for producing value by middle/upper mgmt.
Advice: Create an exciting workplace by injecting accountability and entrepreneurial spirit back into the workforce.
Pros: People are kind and generally very pleasant to work with.

Cons: They just had layoffs... it doesn't engender much trust.
Advice: Operational decision making is very random and flawed.
Pros: I'm not sure I can think of many.  I do like my manager, and my manager's manager.  But the organization is not run very effectively.

Cons: Extensive fat layer of middle management, hiring many incompetent people who compromise SAP's name
Advice: Recession is actually a good thing, when lot of useless managers and bunch of VP-s will go away company will only improve
Pros: Diverse Company, Good Product, Excellent People

Cons: Compensation and Recognition, HR and people ralated issues handled very poorly.
Advice: We personally sacrifice when things are good, and then asked to make even more personal sacrifices when things go bad ... when do you re-invest back in your talent ?
Pros: Great products and great people.

Cons: Old school work place and lacks fresh ideas
Difficult to get anything done due to excessive layers of mid management
Core of the development still out of Germany
Advice: Need to trim middle management to be more efficient
Pros: Great place to learn SAP solutions

Cons: salary is less compared to the other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: there is lot of flexibility for working hours. Lots of opportunities to learn and work on the latest technologies. Our team follows Scrum methodology which is very effective software development process. Free lunches, fruits and drinks.

Cons: Software consulting was/is sensitive to swings in the economy so projects can get stalled with a moment's notice. That experience left me in limbo and killed my consulting career.
Advice: Management is great here.
Pros: Diversity, great work/life balance, and awesome benefits.

Cons: 100% travel
Occasionally project where they sell you as an expert and you are not.
Advice: When on the bench let the consultant rest or talk classes.
Pros: Great Company
Great Leadership
Good Salary
Usually a Monday - Thursday schedule.  
Great Learning experience
Awesome Co-workers

Cons: Slow decision making process, because everyone likes to analyze things a little too much. Most decisions are delegated upwards, and no one really makes the tough calls
Advice: None
Pros: Good overall culture, very respectful of its people. Good balance of life, and chance to work with very high quality people

Cons: Continuous reorganizations slow pace of change
Who you know matters more than measured  contributions
Advice: Make a decision, communicate it broadly as stick with it long enough to measure impacts fully
Pros: Peers are smart and motivated
Transformation to Cloud presents career mobility

Cons: Needs to grow the engineering delivery process. We also need to better understand priorities. Some of our chaos tends to cause churn.
Advice: Keep being awesome
Pros: High growth, customer centric, cares about the employee, work/life balance is good. The location is great and easy to get to.

Cons: Very large global company that can be difficult to navigate
Advice: We are on the right path and really making a difference for our customers.  Keep your foot on the gas!
Pros: Standards are VERY HIGH at SAP with a culture of integrity, honesty, customer success focused

Cons: Only those that go with working for a big company - sometimes the connection between your role and the overall company strategy and achievement can seem a bit remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, individual responsibility, great compensation, advancement opportunity, great opportunity to try different roles.

Cons: Less upside in stock when compared to SV firms.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, motivated people. Executive staff are well aligned, have high integrity, focus on delivering value to customers while giving back to community. Good bonus &amp; 401k plans, beautiful office locations.

Cons: Fast paced environment can sometimes be challenging.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great focus on employee satisfaction, productivity, and work / life balance.
Very supportive when I needed flexibility to meet family crisis needs.
Continuous training on leading edge technology.
Support diversity and inclusion.

Cons: The experience is better if you work at an actual development lab like Palo Alto or Waldorf.  The typical drawbacks of working for a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good work life balance.  After 10 years you get 23 days of vacation.

Cons: No importance given to good employees. Very bad leadership decisions and immature vision. They don't know how to take care of their employees.
Advice: Don't make hasty decisions on vision based on bad leadership. Listen to employees and care of them.
Pros: Food is good in Palo Alto.

Cons: It is a huge company so you can get a little lost finding things
There really are no cons to working at SAP!
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Great benefits
Management suport is best in the World
Unlimited possibilities for growth
Great Training Available

Cons: Can be a bit political at the upper levels, not much else for this section.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid management, forward thinking strategically, most talented people I have ever worked with, virtual work options, great benefits, opportunities to move within company and much more!

Cons: There are times things can move slow, but that isn't a constant and improvements are being made.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has fantastic benefits and also is very socially aware. SAP may be a very large organization, but there is also a very family like atmosphere.

Cons: - Career Growth could be limited depending on teams
- Management's lack of talent development mindset 
- Change in organization that could effect focus, motivation
Advice: None
Pros: - Job security 
- Work life balance
- Customer demand
- Learning opportunity

Cons: Too many layers / processes.
Advice: Stop acquiring companies which does not FIT into SAP product vision and strategy.   SAP software should be like utility , any user from any part of the world can use it.
Pros: Employees Are Seen and Treated as Valued Partner.

Cons: No company is perfect but the Pros outweigh the Cons.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits and opportunities
 - Leadership that you can trust
-This is a place you can call home; employees have been here a long time which allows deep knowledge within team

Cons: With a company this big, communication will always be an issue. Sometimes it feels as though things aren't communicated properly across the different business units.
Advice: None
Pros: All in all, SAP is a great company to work for! There are so many different opportunities to grow within the company.

Cons: Pay and Benefits are no where competitive for the location. 
There are mostly managers in the company, not leaders. There is no encouragement for career growth nor any help from managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good. 
Lot of learning curve because of AWS migration

Cons: None to discuss at this time. There is nothing else that I would want to add to this review at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work. Good place to work Good place to work. Good place to work nothing t else to day

Cons: The salary seems to low compare to similar companies like Oracle, I have seen many people leave because of this.
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work and take care of the employees better because they have an European mindset

Cons: some corporate culture issues, to be expected with a company of this size. Newer companies with great ideas for consumed by larger culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow and learn, managers who advocate for you every step of the way. Good pay and great benefits.

Cons: Dead wood who will retire & will never get fired as they have figured to work the system. Corporate politics.
Advice: Churn the sernior management more often. Too many parties at senior management & leadership level leading to inefficiency & politics.
Pros: Software company. Opportunities to learn & grow

Cons: need to improve some processes so that things move faster
Advice: please spend a little bit more on employees stuff like food, commuting options etc.
Pros: Very easy to move around teams to work on interesting projects, fair compensation, good work life balance

Cons: Reduce the process boundaries to make things simpler for the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to work, independence to manage things of your own within the company guidelines, different perks and incentives. Senior leadership is curious to listen to the feedbacks and act on it

Cons: German company - sometimes feel disconnected from the rest of the co
Advice: Eliminate so many layers and redundancies across teams and activities
Pros: - Treat you as a human, not a number and really do care about you 
- great work/life balance &amp; perks

Cons: Comp plans are not good
Quotas a high
Base salaries low
Lots of account moving around
Advice: too much complexity and internal selling required.
Let sales people sell and get other people to do all the admin and back office stuff.
Pros: Executive level meetings with customer
Strategic to customer
Lots of internal opportunity

Cons: Not always easy to move around within the company. Low level of management diversity.
Advice: Take action on management diversity. Talk isn't enough.
Pros: Energized, enthusiastic environment. Meaningful work. Great work-life balance. Highly engaged customers. Opportunities to learn and grow.

Cons: Because there are so many career opportunities, my internal network of contacts can change frequently. But this is not a negative for the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule; remote work; equitable pay; many career paths &amp; learning opportunities; ethical &amp; caring company that supports all employees.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and on the slow side to act
Advice: Continue to simplify processes and operations
Pros: Commitment to society and its well being
True purpose orientation
Commitment to its employees, their well being, development, and balance
Great compensation
Fantastic time-off policy
Brilliant people - only the best

Cons: As with any large organization, many different initiatives going on at the same time. Sometimes hard to keep up with the pace.
Advice: Keep listening to your employees - we are in this together.
Pros: Respectful, innovative, concerned about the planet both the people and the resources

Cons: Constant Change (this is good and bad), Different cultures especially due to acquisitions
Advice: Provide more transparency especially from the very top executives.
Pros: Flexible work schedule, Global exposure, excellent benefits, Work life balance, Management support, transparency

Cons: It can get stressful at times, but the company does reward you for all of that hard work. Management does take your opinions and well being into account as well
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing coworkers, great benefits, and the company really cares about you

Cons: Salaries might be lower than other top-tier companies.
Advice: None
Pros: 1) Working remotely is possible
2) Student friendly managers
3) Education and self-development comes first
4) Very good work-life balance
5) Most of the people including managers are friendly and warm
6) Very international and diverse working environment

Cons: need to improve some processes so that things move faster
Advice: please spend a little bit more on employees stuff like food, commuting options etc.
Pros: Very easy to move around teams to work on interesting projects, fair compensation, good work life balance

Cons: You can't stay in the same place long. Re-orgs occur annually so if you like consistency SAP may not be for you.
Advice: Putting visions and new ideas into action more rapidly.
Pros: Great culture, benefits and opportunities. Super talent within the organization at many levels.

Cons: very little downtime, 
too much micro management
Advice: break up silos and let's live ONE SAP
Pros: Always change and something new, never a dull moment or standstill

Cons: They seem to be confused on future direction.  It's pretty much all or nothing with Hana
Advice: Put some more thought into the acquistions.
Pros: the products here are the best in class when it come to ERP.

Cons: Fast paced, very much a sales culture, not enough work-life balance, reorgs were constant, challenges between cultures
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative company with very smart people working there.  So many opportunities to learn and grow.  Really enjoyed the people I worked with.

Cons: Expensive, poor customer, do not implement own systems and rely too much on partners
Advice: Care more about the customer and practice what you preach
Pros: No real need to cold call generally invited to participate in evaluations.

Cons: It is a large corporation, so it gets top heavy from time to time with too much middle management.
Advice: None
Pros: Well paid jobs. Work with very smart colleagues. Fast Paced environment.  Cutting edge for some technologies.

Cons: Big companies can be a bit challenging for various reasons
Sometimes difficult (but also exciting) to work for a European company when you're based in the Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: Great flexibility to work at home
Big company means a lot of resources to get things done
Smart, great people

Cons: Fiefdoms, hamstringing by sales bags, some areas slow to innovate internal processes & tools use
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent people, high integrity, starts from the top. Excellent bonuses. Excellent communication between leadership and employees.

Cons: Too many management layers
Not enough time to accomplish task which results in lower quality
Managers have too much on their plate so they don't have time to pay attention to individual employee's needs
Advice: Listen to your employee's concerns!
Pros: Great benefits
Outstanding bonus
Co-workers are wonderful

Cons: Nothing to say at the moment. I have encountered no cons as of yet.
Advice: Keep doing all the great things you are doing SAP. You deserve to be rated "Best Places to Work."
Pros: Flexible hours, supportive team, excellent work culture

Cons: Uncreative and non collaborative environment, no alignment between sales and marketing
Advice: Get more personality. Have a long term perspective. Serve customers better. Get more young people.
Pros: Decent pay, decent people, decent office, decent company reputation. Great work life balance, able to work from home, people are nice.

Cons: Experts within the company are usually over specialized and cant and dont contribute outside their areas.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Company has huge momentum because of its size, so small improvments , products, features et have huge impact. Very Benevolent company.

Cons: Navigating a large and complex organization
Too focused on quarterly sales performance
Advice: Fully embrace open ecosystems vs. building everything ourselves
Pros: Incredibly talented and caring people dedicated to making a difference
Strong heritage, brand, and customer relationships
Global scale and resources to literally make new markets

Cons: Complicated to grasp business coming from external.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing learning experience, inspiring colleagues, give a lot of responsibility - doesn't treat you like an intern. So happy to come to work every day!!!! Does a great job at retaining their interns and turning into full time professionals.

Cons: Nothing negative to report
Advice: Keep up the great work. Not only do you create customers for life, you keep employees for life as well.  Thank you!
Pros: SAP takes pride in their people.  Strong Supportive Leadship. The culture is top notch.

Cons: European culture makes it very grounded, and in search of constant consensus which sometimes makes slow to adapt to rapid market changes
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible growth company with very competitive benefits package and massive career opportunities. Ethics are ingrained in the company DNA

Cons: Large company - decisions can be painstakingly slow and it is hard to make meaningful changes that impact the business.
Advice: Integrate acquisitions more quickly.
Pros: Great benefits, job flexibility, room for advancement in most areas.  Training is a major focus.

Cons: Depending on your career path, work/life balance might not be great with travels and late hours
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers: 
- Great internal culture
- Great benefits
- Various career paths
- Friendly environment
- Great overall pay (with variable pay - such as annual bonus, stocks)

Cons: Way to much micro management. Overall poor direction and very poor execution. I can see a large down sizing/reorg coming
Advice: You need to be more agile and dynamic. Being old school does not help you
Pros: benefits are ok in general. medical plan is poor

Cons: Too much bureaucracy and internal conflict
Advice: Stop managing sales by spreadsheets.  It's ridiculous how many people are involved with asking how a deal is progressing just to report up to next level management.  Leave your sales people alone!
Pros: Strong products and services. Great Company reputation

Cons: Family leave benefits in North America could be better aligned to our European counterparts.
Advice: Continue to be progressive, outspoken, and a leader among large companies in the US.
Pros: Social activism, work life balance, benefits, trusts their employees, thoughtful hiring around leadership positions, transparency.

Cons: I was working on some technologies which were proprietry to SAP and may not be used as much outside SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: This company really deserves the tag of one of the best places to work. They take care of their employees. Best work life balance.

Cons: Constant management changes
Less US-centric development
Top-down approach than bottoms up
Old tech stack
Advice: Please bring some innovative projects and fund them than just demoing them for showcase
Move away from old tech stack to scale better
Pros: Good work-life balance
Flexible work from home culture
Good stock buying discount program

Cons: There appears to be nepitism and it's not clear why some individuals are promoted.
Advice: Create more programs for junior employees to gain support and advice on their career track.
Pros: Great flexibility and work/life balance. Very smart people at the company who are overall very supportive of fellow colleagues.

Cons: North America: evolving as a global player. Maturing focus on diversity in the work place.
Advice: Better integration, cohesion of new initniatives and existing programs needed.
Pros: Global player that values its employees, balancing competitive spirit and exciting career opportunities with quality of life and work/life balance.

Cons: Middle management, CRM accuracy, culture of crisis management, ramp up for new hires versus demand for high production.
Advice: Not sure since management fosters hierarchal structure that drives revenue creation over employee mentorship, in my experience.
Pros: Base salary, brand name technology, opportunity being employed creates for future.

Cons: Can get lost in company.  Too many processes and procedures to complete simple tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with corporate office in Germany.  Very involved in social media.  Benefits, bonus and vacation time are great.  However, could do better with one-on-one training.

Cons: High quotas and less opportunity, confusing messaging
Advice: None
Pros: Great solutions, HANA, lots to sell, Access to customers

Cons: Green card policy is not good. They file green card till you don't reach last year on h1.
Advice: Involve engineers in high level meetings. So they have bigger picture. But overall management is good.
Pros: Great company working on cutting edge technolgy

Cons: Corporate politics, inefficient processes everywhere, bias toward German leadership, ideas, and employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Fair salary, excellent benefits, access to all the tools you need to do your job, usually best in breed.

Cons: -Very hard to move internally
-Not an innovative culture
-Rigid bureaucracy
Advice: -Meaningfully rethink go-to-market for LoBs
-Pay heed to the very high attrition seen recently -- especially among those recognized as innovative thinkers
Pros: -Flexibility to work remotely
-Excellent benefits and comp is good
-Latitude within my role to undertake strategic projects

Cons: Somewhat stagnant and who can easily be overlooked.
Advice: New look is important for the future growth of the company but don't overlook those with years with the company. Life and work experience is invaluable.
Pros: Great stability, salary, benefits. Clear vision from the top.

Cons: Starting salaries can be low, but rewards are there if you hang in there.
Advice: Nine, managers are doing a good job in my experience.
Pros: Working with top talent, the best colleagues I've had. Great technology to support your work.

Cons: Company going thru a rough patch, culture is difficult to understand as an American, constant reorganizing makes roles nebulous and requires politicking to survive.
Advice: Stop treating american employees as 2nd class
Pros: Good pay, great flexibility many employees allowed to work remotely.

Cons: Can be political but just make sure you are a top performer.
Advice: Provide more head count and give qualified employees room for promotion within the same team.
Pros: Great company to work for and many opportunities to learn different skills.

Cons: Not always lucky to get latest technology to work with.
Advice: Should be more into research and up to date with latest trends. More focus on UI for products.
Pros: Awesome culture. Great customer base. Stability. Good compensation. Free Food !!

Cons: SAP software is proprietary so not alot of outside learning material. Not many youtube videos, tutorials, etc found on google. Internal training and courses leave much to be desired.
Advice: More open source software
Pros: work from home all the time

Cons: Salary is not the best for the types of roles within the company
Advice: Allow employees to jump into different roles. Some management behavior around this give the employee the impression that their career ambitions are being impeded
Pros: Great flexibility and good opportunities

Cons: I wish I joined the company 10 years ago.
Advice: Continuous employee communication is excellent.  Don't stop.
Pros: Colleagues are as interested in your success as your own.  CEO, Board and Presidents aligned.  Future thought leadership.

Cons: I wish I joined the company 10 years ago.
Advice: Continuous employee communication is excellent.  Don't stop.
Pros: Colleagues are as interested in your success as your own.  CEO, Board and Presidents aligned.  Future thought leadership.

Cons: Global team = very widespread working hours; can also be a positive on flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: All in for inclusivity; supports , acknowledges and celebrates our diverse community ; authentic vision that I can feel is core throughout the entire WW company

Cons: Resourceful, collaborative, and agile workers should do very well at SAP.
Advice: Continue cultural integration and cross-LoB collaborations.
Pros: Strategy is predicated on organic as well as accretive growth. Company offers many career development opportunities. Product portfolio and employee engagement continues to power continued success.

Cons: Some teams have no scope for growth and don't stick to the company policies such as allowing to work from home once a week .
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn especially as a fresher.  Growth might get stagnant with experience.

Cons: open work space is not conducive for all teams,  some internal systems not very intuitive
Advice: continue to provide support to employees, provide clear and direct message as to the direction or strategy
Pros: Great Benefits,  okay working environment, good collaboration in teams

Cons: No or very little respect to USA employees in work assignments. Germany and/or Europe always first.
Advice: None.they don’t care.
Pros: Work life balance. A lot of paid vacation days and personal days.

Cons: No Cons, just personal challenges, growth is going to be an individual objective
Advice: We are working in bringing early talents!
Pros: Company where you can learn from your mistakes, build life relationships, grow your career and enjoy your achievements!

Cons: Don't pay nearly enough.
Advice: Pay your own.
Pros: Great team, great manager, there's just nowhere to go unless you get extremely lucky by knowing someone higher up. Pay increases are 2% each year at best, so you're better off chasing the $.

Cons: Communication across LOBs due to the size of the company
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares and respects their employees and is committed to hiring the best talent and assuring that they are happy noting the importance of a work / life balance.

Cons: At times I miss the social aspect of working in an office.
Advice: None
Pros: Virtual position, Amazing company, great work life balance, I feel 100% supported by my company and my leadership, proud to be employed by such a forward thinking, socially responsible corporation.

Cons: higher management sometimes just rotates through positions every 6 month without seemingly achieving anything.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule and locations, home office possible for many roles, great benefits, international company with smart people and hard working employees

Cons: There are many levels of management, which can prolong projects.
Advice: Reward those who are real individuals who don't have hidden agendas.
Pros: I enjoyed my time at SAP. The work environment was challenging and rewarding. There is room to grow if you put in the time and commitment.

Cons: Although opportunities are there, accessing opportunities can be difficult.  Company focuses exclusively on selling the latest technology to the largest prospects and gives only lip service to everything else.
Advice: Focus on employee retention
Pros: Excellent benefits, varied opportunities provide a way reinvent yourself.

Cons: Incredibly political. Very tough to move up, especially if you are an independent thinker.
Advice: Invest in people in a real way, by caring about them.
Pros: Good pay and flexible hours. Work life balance decent. Nice offices.

Cons: Overall very good company. The org structure is complex, so that can create confusion and slow things down a bit, but I think leadership is aware of that and tries to remove as many road blocks as they can
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader. Vision for the future

Cons: Slow to absorb new ideas, hierarchy is strangling new thoughts. Constant stock price
Advice: Try to flatten the layers of managers, don’t try new branding ideas every year, focus on customer and not your brand.
Pros: Great organizational vision, focused on talent growth, great benefits,

Cons: It can be an intense environment.  Much is expected.  If you thrive in that type of environment, you will love it.  If not, you will feel challenged.
Advice: None
Pros: The virtually unlimited opportunities for career growth is amazing as is the culture.

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: Thanks to the leadership team. You are doing a GREAT job!!
Pros: I just love working for SAP. It's innovative and you become a part of the SAP family within a minute.

Cons: Hard to make change. Unless there is immediate return SAP has a  tendency to go back to their bread and butter backed solutions instead of actually focusing on change and drive new solutions through.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with top of the line benefits and compensation.

Cons: Not transparent on management decision. Upper management fighting for powers and sacrifice workers on the side that lost.
Advice: Upper management decision process is vague
Pros: Open environment, you can rate your manager and vice versa

Cons: If you are not willing to sacrifice your personal life, there will be a lot of struggling
Advice: Be more transparent with staffing decisions
Pros: If you are willing to sacrifice your personal life, you can have some great opportunities

Cons: You have to be well connected in Germany for opportunities. Lots of organizational turmoil from the board level down right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good if you don't plan on moving up in the company

Cons: Must have flexibility/patience to work with large support teams
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work environment 
Competitive pay
Amazing stock options 
CEO who lays out a vision for ALL employees and is truly invested in our success
Ability to shape your own career
Opportunity to work on global teams

Cons: Kind of slow. If you wanna get things done there is a lot of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: People are really nice and the job is really easy. The culture is very understanding.

Cons: Pay is generally fair, although it should be a little higher to compete with the other players in the market
Advice: None
Pros: People genuinely work together and care about each other and our customers.  Benefits are great.  Unlimited sick leave.

Cons: Takes a good 1-2 years to learn the ins and outs because it’s a 105,000 person company.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours and location, great for a working mom. Great pay. Collaborative, global work environment. Pre-Covid - lots of travel opportunities. Focus on advancement of women.

Cons: Connections can help open the door to other opportunities, but they can also help others do the same when competing with you for the same roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has numerous businesses that offer employees the chance to take their careers in many directions.

Cons: May be too "stable" for some. Also, at the same time, always changing. Need to be a lifelong learner.
Advice: Keep working to address traditional bias in most work environment (most relevant cultural, racial and male/female biases).
Pros: Diverse, predictable, always changing. Really nice coworkers.

Cons: Toxic leaders currently building a very bad company culture. Blaming others for leadership failure, very Germany decision making base company, and never willing to listen to anyone outside the geo.
Advice: Remove your toxic and bully leaders. This circle of leadership is demoralizing all employees. Your ECS leaders selling HANA enterprise cloud has failed so many times.
Pros: Enterprise presence in competitive vendor war world.

Cons: Too many changes in leadership in some parts of the company like Ariba that are changing the positive environment of the overall company.
Advice: Look at the leaders you put in place and how they treat employees
Pros: Collaboration encouraged, great teamwork and benefits

Cons: Low pay and bonus, limited promotions and stock options
Advice: Pay people market value, improve the pathways to promotion.
Pros: Great atmosphere, great work-life balance, lot's of opportunity to grow

Cons: Too few dev resources to achieve goals
Advice: None
Pros: Great people who care about their colleagues, their work, and our customers. A surprisingly fast-moving environment, given the traditional tech background, with plenty of exciting challenges and opportunities for skill development and growth.

Cons: Depending on situation, one needs to travel to customer locations (not relevant in Covid-19 situation as most of 2020 was remote work).
Advice: None
Pros: Transparent culture, good salary, good bonus, good  employee shares purchase plan, focus on retaining talent, great focus on learning.

Cons: German employment laws tolerate non-performance for a bit too long
Advice: Continue to streamline operations, sunset non-performing businesses
Pros: Exceptional executive team, smart co-workers, fosters learning and development, kind culture and antithetical to typical mean-spirited tech culture, flexible work environment

Cons: Challenging quotas that can't always be reached.
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, commission and bonus structure.   Excellent benefits, generous vacation leave, amazing colleagues, leadership absolutely cares about every employee.

Cons: Understandably, German centric at times otherwise has the same drawbacks as any large organization including slow to change and layers of unnecessary management.
Advice: No comment.
Pros: Respected brand name tech company with quality people.

Cons: There are other groups like SuccessFactors which has horrible culture
Advice: None. You are doing a great job
Pros: Culture is really awesome in S4 Hana group. Very talented and hardworking colleagues

Cons: All the headaches of a big company. Over abundance of management / shortage of true leadership.
Advice: Focus should be on innovating new value generating applications vs trying to breath life into an old ERP.
Pros: Professional work environment. Lots of opportunity to learn.

Cons: constantly broken builds--every day
too much shifting of responsibilities--people trying to pass on work to others
management is too stern--doesn't take people's experience into account
spent too much time training junior engineers
lots of meetings
Advice: None
Pros: good perks
respectable retirement package/contribution
relatively good technologies
relatively good pay
uses SCRUM/AGILE

Cons: It is a complex place with complex products and lots lots of people. If that is a problem for you, you will not like working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great place to grow. Opportunity everywhere. My boss is awesome. Money.

Cons: No downside, a truly great company to be a part of.
Advice: Thanks for all of the support and flexibility during COVID.
Pros: Tons of professional development resources and opportunities, the ability to collaborate with top talent around the world in an exciting environment.

Cons: Big company (but has a big heart)
Advice: Keep rolling! Thanks for the support during difficult times.
Pros: Good pay and benefits
Supports diversity
Supports sustainability
Friendly smart colleagues 
Good transparency
Really does try to make the world a better place while also looking after its stakeholders

Cons: So far I have nothing negative to say about SAP.
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: SAP is the best place I have ever worked.  Management is caring and opportunities are endless if you are willing to put in the work.

Cons: Complex management structures, that make it hard to navigate the system and execute quick transition as an organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment with lots of opportunities to grow and actively contribute.

Cons: Extremely large company so you may feel over looked, or just a number, in major decisions being made by the company
Advice: None
Pros: The company is open about changes and why they are being made. 
The management team listens to concerns and addresses them.

Cons: Politics and Social issues are discussed to often. They call it adversity training and it is forced down your throat.
Advice: Leave political and social issues at home. I just work here.
Pros: Opportunities, high quality co workers, pay, benefits. Work experience is great.

Cons: Run Simple is a company motto, but internal processes can be slow, confusing, and frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow your career and be a parent simultaneously. All walks of life are celebrated and all people who want to contribute are appreciated.

Cons: Slow to promote in all areas
Advice: Identify talent early and groom them from the start for leadership.
Pros: Excellent environment and a supportive management with a little dash of bureaucracy but not overdone. Very process oriented and precise. Great culture as well.

Cons: Lot of internal politics
Most of promotions happen based on networking you have just like any other organization in US.
Advice: Improve services area so that they can sell more licenses to companies.
Pros: Good Work Environment
Good Communication from Mgmt
Every good products from SAP

Cons: Essentially no stock options.
Horrible work environment (building itself)
Constant reorgs.  And I do mean constant.
At SAP, "collaboration" means get 10 people on a call and "group grope".
Advice: Stop viewing developers as fungible.
Stop changing the org all the time.
Pros: Flexible work arrangements
Cash comp is good

Cons: Very hard to move from team to team. A very structured organization with not much room to move up in the ranks.
Advice: None
Pros: The company provided its employees with a great work facility, with wonderful benefits.

Cons: Too many PIL processes and procedures make it hard to innovate quickly and compete with smaller software companies.  Very frequent management and organizational changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to work with various other teams and product lines at SAP.

Cons: Closed local office, closed local office, closed local office, closed local office, closed local office, closed local office, closed local
Advice: NA
Pros: Great people, Scrum, exciting technology, have to fill 20 minimum, but it pointless because corporate decided to consolidate offices and

Cons: The luster has gone out of SAP in the past couple of years with Quotas rising
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great brand and strong presence in it's key markets of Enterprise Software & Analytics

Cons: Hard to get things done sometimes.  Organization is a little too decentralized and self service focused.
Advice: Show some patience.  Stop with the endless reorganize
Pros: Dynamic company.  A lot smart people.  Highly efficient company.  Wide portfolio of solutions to sell.

Cons: Huge company, can be slow process on some projects.  Structure of bonus different among departments.
Advice: A challenge be it with such a large employee number but overall very satisfied with management.
Pros: Challenging with team atmosphere a plus. Facilities are top notch and new.

Cons: Doesn't have the aura of the pure cloud companies and the old SAP image masks the innovation the company is driving.
Advice: None
Pros: Rapidly embracing Cloud and reinnovating the business suite
Has been very successful in putting to use its resources to embace cloud technologies

Cons: Lots of politics, as in all organizations. Too many reorganizations, too often.
Advice: Stop reorganizing every six months
Pros: Great people. Great customer base. Great lifestyle. I learned a lot and was very happy there, until the very end.

Cons: Transitioning from an ERP company to a Cloud company through acquisition has its challenges and it can be difficult to merge cloud processes into legacy applications.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, Great benefits, flexible work schedule and fantastic colleagues who inspire you to do your best work.

Cons: Rebranding from an ERP company to The Cloud Company powered by HANA is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Always ahead of the tech curve....disrupting technology in ways never before imagined.  Great work life balance, benefits, perks, networking, transparency.  Inspiring CEO !

Cons: The size can make it difficult to act quickly. For those who aren't used to navigating a large dynamic company, they may find themselves challenged.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very ambitious in everything that it does from growth to product to customers.

Cons: Constant shuffle of leadership. 
No Leader lasts more than a year.  Changes direction so many times that its frustrating. 
Hot bed of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Startup mind set. 
In the right teams, there is space to innovate.

Cons: Processes can be a little over-engineered at times.
Advice: Keep up the good work..... thanks for making us proud to work for SAP
Pros: Treat employees great, make you feel like family, great executive leadership team.

Cons: Nothing that I can see...
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: SAP is overall a fantastic place to work. There are many pros to being an employee here, such as great compensation, benefits, leadership, and many opportunities for growth.

Cons: no career path
no raises, promotions
restructuring (aka layoffs) recently
C level execs "disappearing"
Advice: Respect and reward your employees. They feed your families.
Pros: free lunch
big company
good benefits
decent bonus

Cons: Salary not very competitive in Silicon Valley compared to FLGTA
Corporate pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Overall very good collaboration among cross-functional teams 
Massive opportunities internally and possibilities to move internationally
Leading the industry in terms of innovation and vision 
Strong financial health and brand

Cons: Very fast-paced culture.
The constant change in processes and tools is a challenge.
Advice: Keep aligning with your employees.  Know what motivates them and where they need your support.  People first!
Pros: Helps people and communities around the world
Work-life balance
Decent compensation

Cons: Huge company with lots of products that don't always mesh seamlessly.
Advice: Deliver on the promise of simplifying integrations between the various software platforms.
Pros: Great benefits package, tremendous learning opportunities, and supportive management that aggressively promotes work/life balance.

Cons: Has many of the typical large company processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work/life balance.   Really feel the sense of team even as a remote employee.  Management is willing to listen to new ideas and let you run with them.

Cons: Not one negative thing to say. I love SAP!
Advice: Keep keeping the customer first like Bill McDermott taught us!
Pros: We are constantly recognized for our work both verbally and monetarily! There is a great work/life balance!

Cons: It is a complex place with complex products and lots lots of people. If that is a problem for you, you will not like working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great place to grow. Opportunity everywhere. My boss is awesome. Money.

Cons: Large company with a lot internal selling, sometimes selling internally is worth more than externally. Also depends if you are in DNN or Active accounts.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and support system, management is great and understanding unlike most Sales orgs. Better than expected

Cons: Complex working environment because of the BU silos. Need to work the relationships, but everyone is engaged.
Advice: Work the cross BU issues and build common platform.
Pros: SAP is a great place to work. Engaged management and team. Wonderful offices.

Cons: Lack of career growth opportunities
Micro-management
Advice: Do not micro-manage
Pros: SAP is market leader in its field, enterprise software
Some of the areas in company are good to work with.
Good benefits package

Cons: Must be willing to travel 100% to fully succeed.
Advice: Although the SAP landscape has changed dramatically over the past five years, my suggestion is to work faster to address employee feedback concerns.
Pros: You always have the possibility to learn something new and move forward in your career at SAP.

Cons: Company is so large and internal processes are overly complicated. It's terribly difficult and frustrating to get anything done because of all the road blocks.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great benefits, flexible hours, ability to work remotely

Cons: The lab at Palo Alto is less inspiring than other locations in the world (Israel, India, Ireland, Germany).
Advice: Figure out what you want from the lab in Palo Alto.
Pros: Many opportunities for personal growth, professionally challenging, global reach, large stable customer base

Cons: Disconnect between license and consulting. Not always a team. Other than that very little to me
Advice: Incentivese license and consulting to work together more.
Pros: Great place to work. Great people and opportunities for growth and development

Cons: Big company standard woes.
Advice: Strive for quality and make efforts to retain your top talent. Make sure management is properly trained and equipped to perform their duties.
Pros: Decent work life balance. Great benefits and people. You get what you put into it.

Cons: It's a pressure cooker inside, lots of competitors offering similar solutions
Advice: Super Aggressive Sales growth quotas are hard to maintain.
Pros: Great benefits, great brand name recognition that helps to sell more

Cons: You need a network,  you can only win as a team, single player wins are not possible
Advice: Keep up the great SAP Atitude
Pros: SAP Employees are humble and collaborative with the customer success as a team sport at all times.

Cons: Management is not great. People on top are clueless and do not know how to promote early talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. In general, the people there are amazing and extremely nice. There are great perks

Cons: The pay is generally lower than competition.
Advice: The pay does not match the level of work we do. Guys with 1-2 yrs experience, getting paid as associates for performing senior level tasks !
Pros: Excellent company to work for.
Good work life balance.

Cons: Work life balance - The ability to take your work with you means you often take your work with you :)
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Great company vision. Excellent team members, and leadership. Work life balance and flexibility.

Cons: Not much but because it is a huge company...
- Frequent internal structures changed
-  Sometime approval process took pretty long time
Advice: None
Pros: - Many other professional teams to work with.
- Huge company, so sort of stable
- Basic technical and policy structures are firm

Cons: Depending on the team you're on, work/life balance can be a challange
Advice: None
Pros: Company is clearly committed to developing its employees, supporting them through challenges and ensuring they feel their career aspirations are being attended to

Cons: - Difficult to understand who does what; lots of overlapping resources
Advice: None
Pros: - Resources in place to make you successful
- Collaborative &amp; team-oriented culture
- Continuous investment in employees career &amp; development
- Strong incentives around job performance &amp; fulfilling development requirements
- Compensation

Cons: Big, so you need to actively work your network, but everyone is helpful and there is a lot of support.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment.  Great Culture. Great vision for the future.  Significant career opportunities and flexibility for work/life balance.

Cons: Too many analysts measuring the same  metrics from various groups
Advice: Centralize measurement and onboard acquired companies under the SAP brand within one year.
Pros: SAP believes in the power of the brand and commits to ongoing advertising campaigns

Cons: -rapid growth and sometimes conflicting priorities
Advice: -Keep on keepin' on
-It's not broke ... don't fix it
Pros: -Empowering and inclusive culture
-Challenging and meaningful work
-High growth
-World class offerings
-Top notch leadership
-Flexibility
-Excellent pay and benefits
-Industry leading stock pan

Cons: SAP has no CONs. Simply just a great place to work.
Advice: Bill McDermott rocks! We are lucky to have his leadership.
Pros: SAP will give you a purpose-driven mission to ignite your inner energy.

Cons: German "my way or the highway" culture
Not a great understanding of how the US operates
Advice: Learn the culture of different countries.
Pros: Local colleagues were great.  Benefits are good.  CEO is great.

Cons: Bureaucracy; Be ‘Yes man’ to manager if wanna grow! Otherwise your career needle doesn’t move and no opportunities will be giving! 
Not real Bay Area work experience (except when lay off season hits!)
Advice: None
Pros: Enterprise systems experience 
Work life balance

Cons: Some internships do not offer full-time positions and might not be as work-intensive depending on the department
Advice: None
Pros: Great networks, supportive colleagues, diverse communities, excellent internship programs, gym onsite, daily lunch stipend, beautiful NSQ buildings, great growth opportunities

Cons: engineering  to product mgmt. to marketing to sales needs better coordination
Advice: Less is more be it in silos/product/processes
Pros: Good culture at Sap this is why lot of employees stay on - IT / HR service has improved greatly in the last year

Cons: Very large organization with continuous change in structures and processes
Advice: Provide clearer communications on team structures and purposes and relationships to other teams to further support internal collaboration.
Pros: Great, professional people to work with
Excellent benefits
Innovative products
Flexible schedules
Generous time off plans

Cons: Sometimes it is hard to take time off, but this is more personal as SAP has always approved my time off with no questions!
Advice: None
Pros: Great manager and co-workers.  Could not ask for a better group to work with!

Cons: Frequent organization changes due to company size.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance with full time home office possible while still being able to access SAP offices all around the world at any time.
Very good benefits
Competitive Salaries
Dedicated Management

Cons: There are none that I can think of.  I've worked at a few places in the area and can honestly say that this could be my employer until retirement.
Advice: None
Pros: -extremely flexible
-TRULY values people
-competitive benefits
-open and collaborative environment

Cons: Can't think of any cons!
Advice: None
Pros: The work you do makes you feel like you're making a difference in the world

Colleagues are incredible and always willing to help you to learn something new or resolve issues

Amazing benefits and pay

Cons: no structured career development. got to align with key executives to move up the ladder.
Advice: work on  developing a world class career development model.
Pros: employee oriented, great pay / benefits and work with the best and the brightest

Cons: Slow to change; overarching manage upward rather than empowering down
Advice: Look outside the normal sphere of influencers and management to get true picture of state-of-the-company.
Pros: Flexible work schedule and work from home options (even prior to C-19)
Socially responsible and employee-centric priorities

Cons: Very maxtrixed organization
Difficult to always find the right decision makers
Sometimes confusing responsibilities between business areas
Slow response to change requests due to very strict release management
Slow transition to cloud and SaaS models
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Excellent benefits
Free lunches
Flexible PTO
Global environment
Everybody knows them

Cons: Large companies have inherent issues, and SAP is no exception, but the culture supports addressing inefficiencies and tearing down walls.
Advice: None
Pros: Terrific people, surprisingly personal culture of collaboration and support, world-class resources for all!

Cons: It is an agile environment and you have to be able to adapt and adjust quickly.
Advice: provide clear roadmaps for your employees with consistency.
Pros: It is great Skill/ Development role with a large amount of independent responsibility.

Cons: Germany headquarters makes high potential employees in the bay area feel second-rated.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed working at SAP. Takes good care of employees and provides enough opportunities for career growth. Great place if you would like to retire in a decent company.

Cons: Very poor middle management. Far too frequent reorgs. Lack of failure analysis on business decisions.
Advice: Get rid of 2/3 of the middle management (3/4 in Germany)
Pros: Great benefits, some really good people, salaries on the high end for similar positions

Cons: It’s a big company, and with that comes challenges in getting decisions in a timely fashion
Advice: Think and act more like startups.
Pros: Lots of autonomy. Management places a lot of trust in the fact that teams are getting the job done

Cons: Left bc not enough upwards opportunities.
Advice: Give more senior people chance to manage junior people for professional development.
Pros: Benefits not as good as social media companies but competitive. People and culture fantastic, like extended family.

Cons: Not the highest salaries compared to similar roles in other top companies
Depending on role can become tedious ....... ......... ..........
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Benefits
Low Stress
............ ............. ........... ............ ............ .......... ........... ............ ............ ............. ............ ......... .......... ....... .......... ......

Cons: Inflexible processes can sometimes slow rapid innovation.
Advice: Continue to "tell it like it is" and lead with professionalism, transparency and vision.
Pros: Strong leadership, diverse global workforce, positive attitude, excellent benefits, great work life balance.

Cons: As this is a technology company, it is a constantly changing environment and adaptability is essential.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse company with great opportunities and benefits. Employees are rewarded for their work. There are always opportunities for additional training and development.

Cons: none really, other than things can get hectic at quarter end and interfere with work-life balance.
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: competitive pay, work schedule flexibility, tons of opportunity for growth, supportive management and great working environment

Cons: -As a Concur employee, I feel disconnected from SAP as a whole
Advice: None
Pros: -Concur has a great culture
-SAP does a great job of ensuring job security and making adjusts in commission especially during pandemic

Cons: Too many rigid and complex processes make it difficult to get work done effectively
Advice: I don’t know if it’s possible to fix the complex systems and processes.
Pros: Incredible people who are passionate, great development opportunities, fair pay, endless opportunity

Cons: Company still supported legacy softwares for companies not willing to upgrade. Hard to justify continued support.
Advice: None
Pros: Company looked for the digital transformation for their customer
Innovative for having a large footprint into many environments
Constantly learning due to new features and functions

Cons: Huge conglomerate. Hard to figure out internally - especially when it comes to your job. Leadership turnover.
Advice: None
Pros: Independence - no clocking in or out. Company redefining it’s vision for the better. Tons of job opportunity within the company

Cons: Complex organization with lots of moving parts. Can be slow to adopt and embrace new trends and technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, benefits, international business experience, career opportunities, reputation, brand, and working with colleagues from all over the world.

Cons: Dark side of high expectations is high presure to excel.  Lots of structure, systems, reporting.
Advice: 
Pros: I am challenged every day.  I am constantly learning and stretching my capabilities.  Benefits are great.

Cons: Little recognition
Difficult to take vacation
Work/life could be better
Advice: Conduct 360 reviews. Get a better understanding of who the week players are and put them on PIPs or get rid of them.
Pros: Work is rewarding
Great benefits
Everyday is something new

Cons: I don't find anything negative, we need to innovate more on the cutting UI technology
Advice: Management is really transparent and helps in individual growth
Pros: Sap is world largest software provider. Its really doing very good in cloud market

Cons: SF had clear goals and mission.  SAP created some confusion in roles and customer messaging, overall acquisition was good for both if they allow SF to continue to drive innovation and communicate clear purpose.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people, focus on innovation

Cons: They are having a tough time fixing it to RUN SIMPLE - perhaps you could join and help them.
Advice: Be able to take action on removing known "Diminshers"
Pros: Great passion for the Enterprise. They know what needs to be fixed to grow.

Cons: The pay is very low compared to other equivalent companies.
Advice: Raise wages.    The cost of living keep going up but I salaries are not going up accordingly
Pros: They are fairly lienient with being able to do your own schedule

Cons: Recruiting team is lackluster in communications to internal employees
Advice: To retain top talent, ensure they are provided with opportunities to move into different areas every few years
Pros: Great focus on employee success, Good pay package, Great benefits

Cons: There are no cons that I am aware of at this time.
Advice: Continue to recruit amazing people!
Pros: SAP provides its employees with a great work/life balance and any support needed to get the job done!

Cons: Because it's a 'blue chip' company in a way it is often slow to develop in a very competitive landscape
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, benefits, compensation is good, innovative company, and positive corporate culture

Cons: Very long hours depending on your job position. Finding work-life balance is pretty hard to find sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: This company is fantastic in regard to benefits, vacation / personal days per year and flexibility to work from home or from anywhere.

Cons: It is a large company so it could be easy to get lost so have a game plan of what you want to accomplish.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, free lunch, pleasant working environment, ability to move to new positions fairly easy, great benefits

Cons: I have not found any yet.
Advice: Great job
Pros: As a new employee I found the on boarding process to be very organized and well thought out.  Thank you for that. And the benefits and compensation are good.

Cons: Like all other software companies do have a policy that allows for the company to decide commissions on large deals
Advice: Do away with the big deals clause
Pros: Hands down the best sales culture compared to SFDC, ORCL &amp; SYMC.

Cons: Have yet to come across anything as yet (20 months so far)
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Competency of every colleague is outstanding.  Very collaborative environment and leadership very much cares about everyone working there.

Cons: Building industry experience and product knowledge takes time for those making a career switch
Advice: Make an effort to provide  mentoring and opportunities for new hires
Pros: Work-life balance, career flexibility, and the ability to work remotely

Cons: Org changes are pretty frequent, but to be expected of a company of almost 100k
Advice: None
Pros: Promotes and practices a culture of diversity &amp; inclusion
Great benefits
Invests in employees and encourages development &amp; growth

Cons: Long hours,  changes often and quickly and projects sometimes are done without good change management
Advice: Don't become a manager unless you are passionate about people
Pros: Flexible, inclusive, innovative culture, generous benefits and pay packages, tons of really smart people here.

Cons: None that I can think of at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a great introduction to the company.  I am a rehire, but was an employee through an acquisition.  We didn't get this introduction when we officially became SAP employees.

Cons: There can be a lack of resources as the company maintains a bit of a 'start-up' attitude.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and compensation packages can be competitive if you fight for them.

Cons: -Sometimes, not enough interaction with peers
Advice: None
Pros: -3 weeks paid vacation and additional 1 week personal time
-unlimited sick days
-Work from home
-Incentive awards
-Managers have your back
-Great building (SAP Concur)- free drinks and lots of company events with free food!

Cons: - marketing structure has gone through too many changes too quickly
Advice: None
Pros: - Many unique opportunities 
- Global company where you are always meeting new and interesting customers and colleagues from around the world

Cons: Salary
To much controlled by sales
Needs to get some core Engineering mojo back
Advice: Be bold, go everywhere money can be made by creating software solution. 
Stick to your products and iterate a few times.
Pros: Awesome people
Great culture
Diversity
Beautiful location
Great place for females

Cons: Not the highest salaries compared to similar roles in other top companies
Depending on role can become tedious ....... ......... ..........
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Benefits
Low Stress
............ ............. ........... ............ ............ .......... ........... ............ ............ ............. ............ ......... .......... ....... .......... ......

Cons: None really, overall the company is great.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Get employees opinions on new tools when they are launched and how they are working currently and possible improvements needed.
Pros: Very Pro Employee
Great Benefits
Promotes Diversity
Put employees first during pandemic

Cons: too much travel.  short term project, no long term visibility, family life will be disturbed, no peace of mind
Advice: give per diem to travelling consultants, give more PTOs
Pros: Good Exposure and learning opportunities at the initial period of one's career

Cons: way too many layers of management and too slow to react.
Advice: pay more attention to HR, establish processes that give people opportunity to grow and advance professionally
Pros: Leader in the field, work-life balance

Cons: No clear strategy /transparency and coomunication between HQ in Germany and satelite offices
Advice: More empowerment to local offices , less top-down initiatives from HQ in Germany
Pros: Not too much stress, freedom of choice to participate in interesting initiatives/projects

Cons: low pay for junior people, and pace is relatively slow for the junior people and not too much space to grow
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, flexible hours, talented people to work with and lots of opportunities

Cons: ever-changing environment can lend to a lot of uncertainty at times
Advice: Keep evolving but notice that the employees are only human.
Pros: great people, ever-changing environment, encouraged to move jobs internally and try new things

Cons: It will take some time to understand as its just too bog company with deep portfolio.
Advice: Kep calm, Carry on :)
Pros: Its a great european company to work for. Management is very strategic and well planned.
communication is open and transperant.

Cons: employee participation programs and stock option programs seem not be comparable to what other companies offer (from what I hear)
Advice: None
Pros: good healthcare options and standard retirement benefits, work life solutions plan, various insurance programs, transportation benefits, plenty paid vacation and holidays

Cons: Work and life balance
Some people managers are not ready to manage people
Advice: Invest on people development and performance review process
Take an action based on the 360 review process and results.
Pros: Great people, a lot of innovation and internal opportunities.

Cons: Since 60% of companies alread use our service -  limits new sales opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Leader in the market/great brand in the industry.
AP Automation is a hot topic for finance
New Innovation keeping us ahead of the competition

Cons: - Many reorgs have happened, and each comes with its own political battle.
Advice: None
Pros: - Company's focus is driven by cloud application technology
- Enabling self-learning for all employees
- Great benefits and life balancing workplace

Cons: Huge organization, development opportunities not as advertised. Change is the name of the game and you can easily fall through the cracks during organizational changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great benefits, great people, great work life balance.

Cons: It depends on the manager, but in my group working from home was not allowed, regardless of the commute.
Advice: Trust your employees more.
Pros: Great Work-Life balance. 5 weeks of vacation after just  a few years of employment.
Interesting work.

Cons: I agreed to join as an account executive. Within days of joining, they totally changed the accounts I was told I would be calling on (read: removed all the top accounts). When I asked them what was going on, they basically told me it was none of my business. Pretty much a nightmare.
Advice: None
Pros: Free coffee, I'm sure there are parts of SAP that are good places to work.

Cons: Company is so large that it can be difficult to understand what other SAP divisions do or what opportunities are available
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and company. Good benefits and advancement opportunities

Cons: There has been a lot of change in the last year but it seems to be made with the companies best interest in mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible
Supports employees
Challenging and fun work with vast opportunities

Cons: None that come to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP truly puts their employees needs first, and it starts from the top down. They recognize that a happy environment is a motivating one. Great benefits. Lots of opportunities for growth.

Cons: Not easy to get training that is relevant.
Advice: Make sure that all the resources get training on the regular basis to update skills
Pros: Great work environment. Opportunities to grow. Great benefits. Everyone is a hero.

Cons: If you are not willing to continue to grow, you might feel left behind
Advice: None
Pros: Great Management, Care about Employees, Fosters teamwork and success. Provides growth for those willing to invest in themselves and SAP.

Cons: Remote can make you feel disconnected if the leader isn't strong and engaged with the teams.
Advice: Tough if you are not in a main physical location
Pros: Remote, global travel, great people, diversity

Cons: Too many people in management slowing down progress for projects. Lack of clear leader from so many acquisitions and turnover.
Advice: Clean up the house. Reorganize and make accountable.
Pros: Flexible work environment. Good pay and benefits. Lots of interesting projects to work on.

Cons: - Use of in house frameworks and proprietary technologies can make life difficult when you decide to move on.
Advice: None
Pros: - Typical product company with reasonable employee benefits.
- Great place to nurture your programming skills.
- Good work life balance.

Cons: Too complex for employees to navigate in regards to who to contact for what.  Complex SAP software
Advice: One point contact for all customers and then let it be sorted out internally
Pros: Benefits, opportunities, career development, amazing CEO, remote work

Cons: I think it was just the management in my department, they were horrible.
Advice: Stop bullying people or they will all leave.
Pros: I did learn how to use SRM and it was not intuitive at all.

Cons: None that I am aware of
Advice: None
Pros: Networrks and resources  -  open door culture  and willingness to help is everywhere.
Technology stack is incredible - always looking forward for what's next
Outstanding compnsation and benefits packages

Cons: Being in sales, and living in a medium sized city, requires lots of travel to our customers' sites
Advice: None
Pros: Community of smart, intellectually curious people with a genuine impact on making the world run better

Cons: Frequent layoffs.  No need to get rid of employees in US alone. Try German &amp; French workers.
Advice: Learn to co-operate. We need everyone to pull this together.
Pros: Great place to innovate; freedom to explore new areas; customer first, always.

Cons: Stupid management especially the new VPs and Managers below them.
Advice: Do not try to hire High School Grads and Old Lunatics who don't know how to be professional, communicate and don't know how to work with co-workers.
Pros: Co-Workers are exceptional and nice to talk and have a chat with and share your feelings.

Cons: Travel policies leave something to be desired for 100% travel people.
Advice: Treat road warriors better than admin who rarely travel
Pros: Benefits of company are on par with the best in the world.  Healthcare, 401(k), Charity match are excellent

Cons: If you come from an acquisition, don't expect an increase. If you are earning below average salary, might as well look for another job
Advice: None
Pros: Global and Innovative company. Constant growth year-over-year and revenues rising

Cons: using old technologies and products, and slow to adapt to new changes
Advice: Need to move new hot tools and products, be nice to employees
Pros: big enterprise German giant, different culture and environment

Cons: lack of targeted employee development, too may reorgs, some politics
Advice: simplify, reduce bureaucracy, sharper focus on changing customer needs
Pros: variety of work opportunities, access to deep technical expertise, work life balance

Cons: I do not have anything negative to say about the company. Great place to work and I have enjoyed it.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance. Have worked for the company for years and have no complaints

Cons: Too many acquisitions , changes and losing good people , Targets set too high, politics
Advice: Hiring  and promotions needs to be more objective
Pros: Benefits of being a German company ( work life balance) ,Work from home

Cons: If you are smart and want to make an impact, you won't have it at SAP.
To slow and process driven, lots of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay
The work life balance is possible

Cons: work-life balance can be tough, especially in global roles where you have interact with time zones - even though company is growing, it is still cutting back in certain areas
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is better than any other company

Cons: Not so much, but can improve the cafe to provide more different food. In general, SAP is a really good place.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is really good. Free lunch, gym, pretty campus, bunch of material for learning. Nice colleagues and manager.

Cons: It took a couple of weeks to get assigned meaningful work, and then the last couple of weeks once we were done working we didn't have too much to work on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, excellent food, interesting work, overall a good atmosphere

Cons: I worked in consulting and not much focus was on this part of the business. At the end of the day, they are a software company.
Advice: Get rid of consulting branch altogether.
Pros: Culture, offices, people are great.

Cons: The loss of co-CEO Jennifer Morgan affected the morale of many female employees since Jennifer helped put the salary of women of SAP on the same footing as their male counterparts.
Advice: None
Pros: I am working in a great team environment.

Cons: None that I can think of! This is seriously the greatest place to work.
Advice: None!
Pros: The benefits, leadership as well as culture are excellent! Very inclusive environment with an emphasis on career development.

Cons: work could be more interesting at times, big company implies less exposure to overall picture
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work at times, flexible work schedule, good people, various initiatives lead by company (volunteering, donations etc), good treatment of employees

Cons: The red tape that needs to be wallowed through to get something done.
Advice: change the cultural away from control to enablement
Pros: Still new to the organization, as part of the Business Objects acquisition.  So far, so good.

Cons: Every downsides of a big company. Somewhat processes don't always run smoothly
Advice: Less agressive with customers. The Top Management is far too agressive with targets.
Pros: Wide range of possibilities in every domain of software implementation and development.

Cons: Occassionally slow to adapt when rapid changes occur. Somewhat Waldorf focused in decision making.
Advice: Stay flexible.
Pros: Worldwide presence. Multi-national culture. Innovative technology. Company offers opportunities for growth and professional development. Multiple area of expertise to learn from and leverage.

Cons: Perhaps at times it can be challenging being on your feet for a very long time. Just remember to have great footwear.
Advice: None
Pros: Variety of events to work, great team to work with, trainings, supportive management, and great pay.

Cons: You have to constantly upgrade yourself, lot to training and elearning
Advice: Need to be lean... lot of managers
Pros: Great product, Very Global, Premium services, Good bonus, Perfect tech company to work in services sector

Cons: It is a very large company and speed of execution is a challenge.
Advice: Help employees understand what the go-forward strategy means to them.
Pros: SAP is ethical and cares about its customers.  Benefits are good.

Cons: Too many re-org . Politics at its peak.
Advice: None
Pros: Has many products in the port folio. Has may different career path to choose. Very flexible about change of a career path. Has good work life balance.

Cons: There isn’t anything that is truly a con.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is very professional and open with communication. The ability to communicate with people through out the company is great. I love my job.

Cons: Palo Alto location of SAP is not where the decision makers are and everything controlled out of HeadQuarters. So interesting work, innovation is limited
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and  job stability is better than industry average

Cons: Salaries are a little low but worth it for a nice work-life balance and upbeat environemtn
Advice: Provide better performance reviews and feedback
Pros: Positive company culture; community involvement and volunteer opportunities; beautiful office with great amenities; very progressive CEO

Cons: We work all manner of hours in a given week.
Advice: None
Pros: I can access any resource at any level in a timely fashion to solve a customer issue. SAP is obsessed with making our customers successful. I love it.

Cons: Salaries are low across the board compared to similar positions both inside and outside of SAP Tempe.
Advice: Pay competitively.
Pros: Culture is amazing and leadership cares for the employee and community at SAP Tempe.

Cons: Bureaucracy and cultural inertia in some processes and and areas can be very frustrating and hinders motivation and innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive of work/life balance and flexible work hours help employees with family responsibilities.

Cons: - Business processes can become overly complex and inhibit quick progress at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of opportunities for advancement
- Excellent benefits
- Flexible work location (depending on the position)
- Environment of teamwork
- Solid work/life balance

Cons: Internal processes can be cumbersome.
Advice: Adhere to the principles of "Run Simple"
Pros: SAP is well regarded in the enterprise software space, employees are generally very smart and great to work with, teamwork oriented culture.

Cons: Sometimes being in a large global company can be overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP provides a very collaborative environment.   
You always feel like you're part of team and what you do impacts the success of the company.

Cons: Sometimes they are a bit slow to react and wait till the last moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance.
Good Benefits &amp; Pay
Latest Tech Stack to work on
Leadership tries to answer your Why on any task you do.

Cons: Sometimes they are a bit slow to react and wait till the last moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance.
Good Benefits &amp; Pay
Latest Tech Stack to work on
Leadership tries to answer your Why on any task you do.

Cons: Busy! Lots to do all the time but the work is engaging and varied.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits, great management, transparent leadership, expectations are clear, competitive pay, HR strategy that focuses on creating the best possible workplace for employees

Cons: Not sure what to write. This is my first full time job after consulting for so many years. I liked it so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, work culture and many opportunities to explore learn new areas of SAP products.

Cons: It is a big company and you have to find a way to show value. No free rides at SAP.
Advice: Keep investing in the cloud apps
Pros: Work with experienced people who know how to execute a plan

Cons: No particular cons that I have personally experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: Sales Ops is a fantastic team to work for. Great dynamic with colleagues and many opportunities for collaboration. Team has high diversity and inclusion rates.

Cons: Very large organization, many layers of management, conflicting priorities among technology solutions and platforms, not nimble
Advice: Continue to streamline the business, continue to simplify the selling processes
Pros: Strong leadership
Excellent technology
Focused on Customer Success
Respect for the employee, regardless of role/title

Cons: Lately lot of organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Cares for it's employees, provides a diverse work environment, provides work-life balance, lots of opportunities for growth and opportunities to work on latest technologies, excellent bonus plan and overall compensation.

Cons: The size of the organization can be daunting at times- no surprise
Advice: Co-CEO was an interesting time but management has been transparent and now course correcting.
Pros: opportunity, colleagues, great resources for personal development, benefits are spectacular

Cons: Typical large companies cons - sometimes feel lost in the noise due to so many employees. Not the best visibility into career advancement.
Advice: Provide better career path visibility.
Pros: Best people who care about each other. Good work/life balance.

Cons: The left hand often does not know what the right hand is doing, however there are efforts to fix that. Slowly.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a decent, stable company with the right direction for the upcoming decade.

Cons: Huge company. Sometimes things are slow.
Advice: Start cooler projects. Listen to the customer on new ideas and projects.
Pros: Huge company. The culture is evolving and people are more open minded than in the past.

Cons: Enormous amount of politics and people are not always treated as a commodity rather than an asset
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of smart people who want to make the world a better place

Cons: Upper management thrives on constant reorgs, uncompetitive vacation policy, very strict travel policy, and many obstacles and cumbersome processes in the way of getting your job done.
Advice: None
Pros: Great, smart, nice people who are extremely collaborative.

Cons: Need more management interaction and autonomy. Company needs more professional training opportunities and venues to advance in the specific field.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and vacation. Flexible schedule and work from home allowance. Good administrative support and recognition for work in the field.

Cons: germans control most of management positions
salary differences between peers
no much innovation
bad green card policy
non technical people making technical decisions
very slow
internal job market 
promotions not based on merit
Advice: Refinde your mgt structure, especially mid mgt
Pros: work life balance
strong core business
vacation policy
benefits

Cons: Management and teams are spread out around the work - makes communication hard when trying to figure out questions.
Advice: None
Pros: They stress you have to have a good work-life balance (helps stress) and worked from home 2x a week

Cons: It is big!  Be prepared to make friends and connect the dots to get things accomplished.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, global perspective and opportunities, flexibility, support for professional growth, and an overall positive place to work.

Cons: Software and consulting side don't communicate or work well together.
Advice: Provide sales incentives to your software sales team if they promote and help sell the supporting consulting services deal
Pros: Global reach, great software product, pretty good management

Cons: Too large and hard to know and match up with everyone's working style. Some international meetings can make you sleepy in very early mornings.
Advice: None
Pros: Best work life balance, employees are treated nicely with lunch , snacks and other benefits.

Cons: Career Progression for younger people is a challenge.  Likely to hit a wall 4 years into your career, but change is good.
Advice: Pay us.
Pros: Flexible, lots of opportunities, decent pay, remote work, networking / visibility is great.

Cons: Ridiculous leadership, very aggressive (behaviorally) in meetings
Advice: Please get rid of managers with no people management experience or skills. They try to hide their flaws by micromanaging their employees, leading employees to leave.
Pros: Competitive salary and stock options

Cons: There are so many initiatives going on at one time, it is a challenge to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: They are a caring, thoughtful company and treat us like, not just a valuable asset, but a member of the family.

Cons: Being geographically diverse time zone challenges are many
Advice: Advice leaders to be flexible with employees that spend long hours due to time zone disparity.
Pros: Stable, large, global enterprise - lots of job security

Cons: Can’t think of any major cons, but SAP can do better in terms of compensation in comparison with other tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture
Good learning opportunities by providing free learning hub access
Provides flexibility
Decent work life balance.

Cons: - Large global corporation so lots of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong care and support for employee well being
- Flexible work environment
- Competitive compensation
- Various platforms to grow professionally and personally

Cons: You have to play politics to get promotion or solid leads 
Frat bro club
Advice: Provide tools for MDR to succeed. 
Don’t take advice and feedback personal. 
Don’t take out frustration on your team.
Pros: Entry into SaaS 
Room for growth

Cons: Frequent re-orgs, changes to management, growth stagnation from mid-senior level.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and benefits. Top management really care about employees especially during pandemic time. Good growth opportunities for consultant to mid senior level positions.

Cons: Can be a bit boring.
Advice: Listen a bit more to proposals for changes.
Pros: Good attitude towards employees. Very supportive of work-life balance, and a very fair vacation day distribution. Very good culture, everyone is very friendly.

Cons: Sometimes the company is too big, hard to find the right person to connect to
Advice: 
Pros: The ability to move almost anywhere in the world and stay with the company is a big plus. Also, the employee benefits are excellent.

Cons: Sales driven company. Negative impact on communications and processing due to hiarachery
Advice: More internal net working opportunities for new hires
Pros: Very good life-work balance in the company. Formalized corporate structure. Smart and nice people.

Cons: Things can move slow sometimes. Pay increase should improve.
Advice: Look at innovative marketing campaigns to promote brand
Pros: Great software product company. Lots of opportunities if you know to network within. Very people friendly.

Cons: SAP should work towards being more eco-friendly.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked at SAP for over 10 years and I love the flexibility SAP offers.  I've also been offered great opportunities within the company.

Cons: With such a massive organization, there can be struggles when collaborating with teams in different areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Great professional and personal development opportunities. Room for growth and advancement within the company. Outstanding benefits package.

Cons: Fast moving company, you have to keep up the pace and learn as much as you can.
Advice: Keep up the good work and listen to the employees.
Pros: -Flexible Working Schedule
-No Micromanagement
-Lots of investment in their employees

Cons: Work/Life balance trails the business cycle - plan on a very busy August-December.
Advice: None
Pros: Coming to work everyday and thinking "wow these are some smart folks" after every internal meeting/call is great!

Cons: If an employee stays for long, the rate of increment in salary is not so good
Advice: None
Pros: Best Place to work
Work life balance
Good work culture
Good learning opportunities
Healthy atmosphere to grow career

Cons: None - SAP is truly an incredible place to work
Advice: None
Pros: So many opportunities to grow and explore other parts of the business.  Managers encourage innovative and creative thinking.  Work-life balance is amazing.

Cons: Some times as member of implementation team, the frequency of business travel is a little high.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: good benefits and  paid leaves for all employees, and all the people there respect each other

Cons: - Too many managers in short periods of time
- Too many reorganizations
- Limited opportunities in the Bay Area, unless you are a Software Engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive pay
- Ability to work remotely
- Great benefits
- Friendly colleagues

Cons: - A large network is required to succeed. As the organization is now very large, this may take a while.
Advice: None
Pros: - Large organization with lots of opportunity

Cons: Shrinking benefits. Benefits are not comparable and are less as compared with peer companies within industry group.
Advice: Don't be so stingy to employees
Pros: SAP is a great place to work with a good work-life balance. Colleagues are friendly and helpful.

Cons: Low performers are everywhere, quality of work is getting worse every day. 
Lots of people browse internet, just because they are friends with their direct managers, this is unacceptable for any company.
Advice: Please review carefully recent employee survey results, and finally do something with management to make our company great and full of passionate people.
Pros: Opportunity to work with different customers every week. 
Great learning experience.

Cons: not innovative enough to stay competent in the market. SAP need to pay good to keep the good talent intact.
Advice: Motivate employees by offering to share profit if they bring innovation in the product.
Pros: Great work life balance. Big organization and diverse culture.

Cons: Work loaf can be overwhelming at times
Advice: Set more realistic goals and expectations.
Pros: This is s greet company with a real vision for where it wants to go.

Cons: - bureaucratic
- focus and pressure on high utilization
- bonus not specific to particular team's performance
- 75% travel requirement
Advice: - inspire more and focus less on money itself
Pros: - great benefits
- good salary

Cons: Disproportionate non-technical middle management in charge of technical Depts. Very limited senior management roles for those not politically connected.
Advice: Simplification shouldn't be the excuse for laying off employees.
Pros: Flexibility of working hours, good benefits and incentives

Cons: In this particular department, the management does not really care about employees. You have a job, that's it, don't consider career.
Advice: Treat employees like you would treat yourself, recognize employee's achievement.
Pros: Good location, Stable job, flexible work environment

Cons: Complete lack of focus on the customer or the employees.  Politics abound and it is a culture of managing up.  Tons of 2-4 hour meetings per week with many people never actually contributing.  Not a culture of performance and allows politically minded to hide in middle level management jobs for years.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of money to spend on events for executives and their customers.

Cons: Only con is that it can sometime be difficult to have directin
Advice: great job
Pros: Great Opportunity and massive amounts of learning material. It's up to you to take your own development in your own hands

Cons: Bureaucracy.
Minimal annual raises.
Clings to weird outdated technologies i.e. ABAP and Netweaver.
Advice: It's a shame that Vishal Sikka's vision to bring SAP's software development into the 21st century left with him.
Pros: Good benefits, reasonable work/life balance.

Cons: No real cons - The best organization I have worked for.
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture and people are excellent
Good compensation and path for progression
Learning tools for almost every aspect of the job and more

Cons: Little to no career development for middle management. Promotions to senior management based on who you know. Heavy sales culture, sales experience valued exponentially higher than other types of experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great CEO, strong vision, world class sales force

Cons: Need more women managers in sales enabling roles
Advice: Please consider promoting more women
Pros: Great work life balance
Excellent benefits

Cons: It's a very large company and is sometimes difficult to get internal decisions made up the chain of command
Advice: Focus on internal simplicity
Pros: SAP is a great company. Teamwork is key and leadership is hands on and constructive.

Cons: Bureaucracy, you are seen as a number- very hard to distinguish yourself since it is so large
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of mobility options within the company.
Competitive Salary
Yearly Bonus'

Cons: There were no cons to this process or company.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a family of diverse intellectuals who are incredibly welcoming. The recruiting team has an amazing work ethic and the onboarding process was exquisite.

Cons: -Lower salary
- Poor vision
-New products are nothing compared to R/3 ECC...
-Not enough incentive  for consultants.
Advice: None
Pros: - Always changing so you never get bored
-Lot of travel around globe if you are go getter
-Great benefit package.

Cons: very, very large -- change in the back office is very, very slow
Advice: be less risk averse when it comes to decisions around new directions in HR, Finance, Legal
Pros: Great company, good governance principles, good pay and benefits

Cons: I was bullied and resigned.  I have not missed a day of getting up and worrring about the bully.
Advice: Every company has bullies, most are in plain sight and known.   No effort to clean up the problem.
Pros: Great senior leadership, vision and execution.   Co-works are top notch and I found to be good people

Cons: Complex internal processes, takes too long to get things done
Advice: Run Simple, but you already know it
Pros: Company is building on its old reputation to stay competitive in the new age

Cons: I cant think of any
Advice: Be more agile/proactive to an industry trends, cut the fat not the muscles
Pros: dissent pay, great benefits, flexible work arrangement

Cons: Rapidly vanishing culture, controller managed, revenue and profit oriented, employees are resources, not more
Advice: Management should execute on promises that seem only marketing
Pros: Benefits are comprehensive, awesome mission

Cons: I really didn't found any cons
Advice: None
Pros: We can access all the SAP Learning hub for free and learn whatever the SAP Product you want to. Also provides free lunch facility

Cons: Large company, lots of layers, can seem "big" at times
Advice: Excellent work during the pandemic around employee engagement, empathy, and benefits.
Pros: Excellent benefits, generous stock purchase program, great work/life balance

Cons: Some people stay too long and it is hard to move up the ladder. Also - many desirable management positions are in Germany.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: Honest and caring about customers and employees both

Cons: Inconsistent managerial styles within  teams
Advice: Hear out employees on preferences for benefits rollovers; make optional to cash out benefits. Community-based organization. Supportive infrastructure and competitive benefits. Ethically-driven organizational policies.
Pros: Collaborative work environment. Community based

Cons: Many internal meetings
Process to Ramp up ( not sure a con, but does take time to learn the product &amp; processes)
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation &amp; benefits
Work hard, play hard culture
Set up for success in my role

Cons: Being such a large organization it can be hard to communicate accross segments.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company with a long history of success
Great compensation package
Good Work/Life balance
Many opportunities for development and growth
Support for active military personnel

Cons: There is nothing as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: More learning opportunities in work.
Amazing Individuals and great team work
More initiatives and innovations
More Employee Benefits and Programs
Amazing and Great Company even with pandemic Crisis still performs strongly.

Cons: lack of leadership; Rise of management issues and loss of culture.
Advice: Pay attention to employee feedback and move deal with bad management effectively.
Pros: Good benefits 
Great opportunities
Employees leaving in droves.

Cons: Large company, lots of standards, they hold you to a high standard.  May be difficult to move up through the bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, competitive benefits, great brand name recognition.

Cons: It can be stressful in the customer facing roles.
Advice: None
Pros: They are good to their people.  There is a work hard/play hard mentality with a heavy emphasis on work/life balance.

Cons: Not many to speak of.  Must be open to change since it's inevitable.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture even during continuous growth.  Fast paced environment with opportunity for career advancement.

Cons: Confusing processes, Too many teams that do similar work
Advice: Consolidate Teams, tap employee's talents, Follow up on the great self-development programs available to identify talent
Pros: Self-development Programs, work-life balance, genuinely trying to keep up with market trends

Cons: Some internal processes maybe difficult, things dont move as fast as in smaller companies, hard to change bad behaviors.
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for. very diverse,  allows work-life balance, stable,  options to switch roles

Cons: Challenging to move up, but many opportunities to develop career
Advice: Pay closer attention to the employees and better plan for success for your team.
Pros: Great culture and working environment with many benefits and great work/life balance

Cons: Some occasional issues with middle managers who are not bought into the culture and as a result work against the grain.
Advice: None
Pros: Ambitious and inspiring senior management who are extremely capable and care about employees.

Cons: Organization is large and complex.  Takes some time to find the right resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, great technology.  Opportunities available for advancement.  Excellence is expected and most deliver.

Cons: Areas of sales management  lacking in empathy, consideration, and respect towards employees. Unqualified leaders. Favoritism. Drove employees into the ground often working 15 hr days with unrelenting harassment and publicly demeaning employees. Behavior was overlooked and condoned by senior leadership who turned a blind eye.
Advice: Listen to your employees. They have things to say
Pros: Good experience with coworkers and positive  customer experience.

Cons: Not sure there is a down side. Cant say the grass would be any greener somewhere else.
Advice: None
Pros: Career movement opportunities within the organization, benefits, team support, managements interest in everyone's success

Cons: Eat their young.  Lack of solid clear communication and accountability.  Way too many layers of VP's and matrix
Advice: Communication
Pros: Good place to start a career if you are a new grad and want to learn good sales skills

Cons: ambiguity in strategic and tactical decisions could become impediment to efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Great for young professional to start their career and work and hone their skills in the ambiguous environment

Cons: Limited advancement for people located outside of headquarters/primary office.
Advice: Take recruitment and mentoring of a diverse population much more seriously
Pros: Great salary and benefits.  Also many internal opportunities for growth.

Cons: Stagnation in the hierarchy, not much career opportunities for internal employees.
Career advancement is solely dependent on who you know not talent.
HR and talent management are company weak spots.
Advice: Give value to internal employees, and have some development plan for them
Identify talents based on data and not politics.
Know who your stars are, not just those who make the most noise.
Pros: Good work-life balance & flexibility. Ok benefits.

Cons: I haven't come across any yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse place to work, SAP has many locations available with great benefits and working environments.  The company is growing and provides you with a great career path.

Cons: Lack of internship structure. No team members located in same location. Overall, a positive experience with few cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Gave real responsibility to interns, exposure to executive leadership, flexibility with working from home, benefits (gym, dry cleaning, 401k)

Cons: Very demanding. Management doesn't seem to know how to help you advance technically.
Advice: Management not good with understand the employee skill. They believe one box fits all.
Pros: Good Pay, Bonus and benefits

Cons: Difficult to move up the corporate ladder, once you are hired into a salary range, good luck moving out of it!
Advice: Learn how to develop your top talent.
Pros: Great benefits, awesome colleagues, great CEO

Cons: none, apart from the fact that it is a huge company and hence can be a bit slow in changing at times...
Advice: None
Pros: open atmosphere
cutting edge technologies
good benefits and compensation
great work life balance

Cons: Large company, lots of standards, they hold you to a high standard.  May be difficult to move up through the bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, competitive benefits, great brand name recognition.

Cons: Not a lot of career opportunities in certain positions, would prefer to work at a company where employees are recognized for their hard work and compensated fairly.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work environment, allowing employees to work at their own pace and schedule.

Cons: Travel is too much, pay structure is not very transparent
Advice: All talk, need more action
Pros: Access to Internal Training, Access to the latest Technologies, friendly people

Cons: Large company.
Muddled pay structure.
Germany-centric.
Too much travel.
Advice: You have a grossly over-reported view of employee satisfaction.  This company is floundering and you are not providing strong leadership.
Pros: Great teammates.
Large company with many career choices.

Cons: Bureaucracy of processes make it sometimes difficult to get certain things done
Advice: More lean processes in diverse areas will make it more effective.
Pros: Excellent work experience, great work environment, great benefits, great tools to work and a lot of perks

Cons: - command order-style
- lack of vision
- flawed execution
Advice: - don't bet everything on HANA. 
- make ppl accountable
- stop throwing BS (like taking credits for what SAP didnt' deserve)
Pros: - good pay/benefits
- global company
- lots of potential opps

Cons: A lot of deeply entrenched politics, disconnect between top-level words and actions, methodology driven management, inconsistency in processes between units
Advice: Improve communication skills of top management.
Pros: Combination of cultures from the entire world, solid customers

Cons: To many layers of middle management and management. 
Worst consulting division, all the good folks have left and only the old tired bunch remain
Advice: Put an end to your consulting practice....it's very evident that no one really cares about this business
Pros: Great Product Still has a good brand name (not sure if it will last!!)

Cons: They are not keeping up their salaries with the industry. There is too much bureaucracy. There is not much growth.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a stable and big company. They provide good benefits. They have yearly raises, which is nice.

Cons: This company was very hard to grow with and move on to other positions. Work life balance was very hard depending on your manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Lunch was free and it was not a long commute

Cons: They call you when you're sick. Too much politics.
Advice: Not everyone needs to be certified to be a great performer. Consider those who aren't visible when considering bonuses and advancement opportunities.
Pros: Benefits. People are okay. Lunch is good.

Cons: lack of leadership; Rise of management issues and loss of culture.
Advice: Pay attention to employee feedback and move deal with bad management effectively.
Pros: Good benefits 
Great opportunities
Employees leaving in droves.

Cons: Having support is great, but there’s a ton going on with SAP AE’s and other VP on each opportunity
Advice: Let people do their jobs
Pros: Culture is great and the there’s a ton of support

Cons: No organization within day to day processes, systems are outdated and hard to keep track of, expectations change month to month. Horrible alignment within organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, flexible schedule, time off, little oversight from management

Cons: part of the job is boring
Advice: None
Pros: Management was very nice and productive. The workplace culture was positive. The hardest part of the job was moving heavy objects

Cons: German parent, so not great about US holidays. Too many silos, always restructuring, trying to keep up with new faster more agile tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus plan, work life balance is also fairly good, not many layoffs

Cons: Large company so your work and efforts may fly under the radar
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous amount of growth potential and opportunities, lots of tools for career advancement, excellent work life balance and company culture

Cons: - pay is decent but other large tech companies offer more
- regular benefits
- project progress can be slow due to the size of the organization
Advice: None
Pros: - work life balance
- nice office
- lunch on us card

Cons: Lack of consequence management for poor performance, especially at senior levels.
Advice: None
Pros: Very open culture, it is easy to develop strong friendships with people you work with. I genuinely like the vast majority of people here.

Cons: Work life balance, salary, leadership
Advice: Listen to the people you bring on to get some fresh perspective. You've been struggling with problems you haven'g been able to solve for far too long.
Pros: Great teammates and good location for public transit

Cons: Harmonizing across a large company, but transparency is always available and feedback is asked for regarding how to improve
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good working relationship with management. I am very proud of their accommodations regarding COVID19

Cons: Pay is less. Things move slow. No great incentives and perks to keep talented people connected to the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good food.

Cons: Honestly, NO CONS for SAP.
Advice: Keep up the great work. I'm a loyal fan of this company.
Pros: helpful and resourceful teams, great managers and directors, awesome compensation and benefits package, outstanding office locations, warm people.

Cons: Silos. Lack of training and opportunities for training.
Advice: Work more to reduce silos.
Pros: Work life balance and benefits are very good. PTO is good.  Company morale is good. 100% remote in this role.

Cons: Flat hierarchy so reporting to different managers for different projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Good life work balance and give you opportunities to develop in the areas you have the interest with

Cons: Any of the internal SAP tools you have to use are awful. Good luck easily seeing your paystubs on SAP tools.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything works and runs as you expect it should.

Cons: It's a large company, there is a lot of process which not everyone can live with
Advice: simplify, simplify, simplify
Pros: Innovative, Progressive, Inclusive company which supports internal growth more than any other company I've worked at

Cons: Too big a company for us to understand company strategy
Advice: Should think about how to more let the employees know about the strategy and plan
Pros: Great people, great benefits, flexibility, work and life balance

Cons: Just a cog in the wheel. Since some of the critical design leadership has left, there is simply no investment in design. It's very sad.
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch, nice coworkers, beautiful campus.

Cons: None so far but I've only been here 2 months
Advice: None
Pros: This company is an amazing place to be. The benefits are top notch and the way employees are treated is motivating.

Cons: SAP soon lopped off about 100 senior engineers
Advice: Develop a user friendly product that doesn't require three days to install
Pros: A fine place to work until my smaller company was acquired by SAP

Cons: Communication is lacking. Expectations are not clearly communicated.
Advice: Listen to employees.  Make sure teams are fully staffed.
Pros: Excellent co-workers . Perks like free lunch and recognition awards. Good benefits and 401k as well

Cons: Lack of focus on the HR Product line
Advice: Look at what your employees can offer you and take advantage of that. Don't treat your employees like paid actors.
Pros: Very solid company, insanely intelligent people developing amazing products.

Cons: Need a Godfather to pull you up
Advice: Give more weight age to customer feedback about your Consultants
Pros: Market competitive pay, good benefits, multiple career paths available

Cons: are big on contract roles, hard to become full-time
Advice: offer more full-time roles for your contractors
Pros: Very Flexible hours and work from home, great supervisors that trust you to do your own work

Cons: Very quarter focused, very high turnover within the sales leadership team.  Lack of a consistent focus thats more then a year out.
Advice: Listen to your people.
Pros: Lots of resources and very talented people.  Sales focused culture

Cons: Even though the company is really big, it's lacking opportunity to become a full time employee.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and working culture.   Supervisors offer you a lot of responsibility.   Def great learning experience

Cons: Strong focus on quarterly goals, that are impacting long term customer strategy
Advice: Invoke the European heritage of long-term account planning, and use that to drive quarterly budget planning
Pros: Comprehensive product, great customer adoption, fantastic people/teams

Cons: Has less amenities in workplace even after being acquired by SAP. Need to improve
Advice: None
Pros: As and intern as well as full time, I learnt a lot. Team members are really helpful. Up-to-Date with technology.

Cons: Very slow or no career growth. They promote from within, but also promote from outside.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. They respect the invidividual. Lots of opportunities.

Cons: Not really much to work on. I'm the only designer in the team but I think it depends on team...
Advice: None
Pros: Experienced colleagues. Nice working environment. Not much work to do (can be both pros and cons).

Cons: Not really much to work on. I'm the only designer in the team but I think it depends on team...
Advice: None
Pros: Experienced colleagues. Nice working environment. Not much work to do (can be both pros and cons).

Cons: None to think of. It just a great place to work at.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at. Lot of space to grow as the team members had always supported me when in need.

Cons: Bad management, company is hard to navigate, very hard to find answers within the company,
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources available, good training, good investment in new employees

Cons: Large company, do not leverage many of the great tools that we offer to the market
Advice: Use the tools that we make to make ourselves run better.
Pros: Amazing benefits, fantastic technology, great customers innovative work

Cons: Sometimes can seem a bit disorganized. Be ready to deal with uncertainty.
Advice: Improve internal processes, in particular those related to the intersection of sales and services teams.
Pros: Good manager and peers. Good market strategy.

Cons: Some times challenging to keep up with all innovations topics we SAP release to the market
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is all about the people and how the workforce can make a change with our technology

Cons: With as well as SAP Ariba has been doing, I don't think the bonus plan matches the company results
Advice: Spread the wealth a little more
Pros: Great company
Great people
Great benefits
Ability to work remotely
All are welcome

Cons: Not much I can add here.
Advice: Keep up the amazing culture and innovation which makes SAP the best place to work!
Pros: Executive leadership, innovation, compensation, up-ward mobility, support, culture.

Cons: I don't have any cons that I cant think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, innovative company, flexibility in work schedule.  SAP is in line with my goals of making the world a better place

Cons: Need more team activity opportunities for remote employees
Advice: None
Pros: Encouragement to be creative
Ample opportunities for education/career development
Strong belief in doing what is best for the customer
Strong products, Strong Leadership

Cons: Too many processes
Too many Management/Organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture
Opportunity for career growth
Great work-life balance
Great people to work with
The company is customer oriented and is always thriving to do better
Company cares about employees feedback

Cons: Bureaucratic, not as agile as I would like.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has allowed me to innovate on new GTM ideas and plans, and allows for creativity and out of box thinking. Great place to work for women.

Cons: Were slow to roll up acquired companies to the mother ship
Advice: Keep up the direction you’re going &amp; you’ll have another 40 years
Pros: They genuinely care for customers, employees and offer good salary/benefits

Cons: Size and scale of the company sometimes results in compartmentalization of critical work
Haven’t seen any other...
Advice: Continue to invest in facilitating inter-disciplinary collaboration across various groups
Pros: Great company mission
Very talented teams
Kind and generous leadership
Financial rewards

Cons: Payscale is not on par with the market trend or compared to the companies with in the same cohort.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, encourage to try new things without worrying about failures.

Cons: Salary caps
Lots of pushback on salary negotiations
can get bored
Advice: Foster your talent - let them  grow and pursue other opportunities... compensate your employees, they are your greatest asset.
Pros: work-life balance
Career growth
perks
offices
Work from home flexibility

Cons: slower paced due to European headquarters, constant change in strategy
Advice: Stick with a plan.  Prioritize north america.
Pros: work life balance, company really cares for employees, colleagues are down to earth and eager to help

Cons: Very slow career growth, low salary, no clear direction in company goals
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life is pretty good, Unlimited leave plan, somewhat "Free" lunch

Cons: Work life balance difficult- no room for advancement if you’re a woman in SF.
Advice: Equal opportunity would make the company stronger.
Pros: Working at SAP and great people/team environment

Cons: You will work a lot as with many major global companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart colleagues. Great people at this company. HQ is in Germany so well funded and they appreciate U.S. counterpart's ability to execute well.

Cons: Need more streamlining on internal processes
Advice: Keep doing the incredible.....THE BEST RUN SAP!!!!
Pros: Focus on people, Customer-centric, Teamwork, Incredible positive energy, Fantastic solutions, Great Leadership at all levels, Great strategic leadership and vision

Cons: with the SAP acquisition Concur lost its luster a little IMO and got bogged down by the red tape of a larger company.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, great people, good pay

Cons: No cons from me at the moment.
Advice: Thank you for continuing to be transparent on strategy and the direction of the company.
Pros: SAP appreciates my contributions and has given me many opportunities to grow.

Cons: Products are siloed and don't always work well together. It's the nature of historically acquiring companies in different domain spaces.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong product portfolio for sales people to sell.

Cons: SAP products and solutions are going through a transition to the cloud which makes its near term viability hard to manage for customers.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very social conscious and employee focused company.

Cons: Sometimes we have to work on the weekends but we get comp off for that so not really a con
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture is great
Company promotes employee trainings and the management is very supportive

Cons: Your clients are ususally not where you are, so travel can be significant
Advice: Don't give up on Cloud Services
Pros: One of the top 10 Employers in the Technology Space

Cons: Doesn't understand mid-market, you only make money if you are in Large Enterprise roles
Advice: Do away with LOB AE's. Divide territories up and assign 1 person to cover each account
Pros: Established company, good pay, good people

Cons: A bit slower paced but that helps with the work life balance part
Advice: None
Pros: Purpose driven company 
Opportunities to pivot within the company 
Initiatives for innovation within the larger company

Cons: Big company so a lot of changes, job is high stess
Advice: None
Pros: Management is amazing and the job pays very well for an entry level position. SAP is an amazing company with lots of resources

Cons: No cons that I have come across
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for in terms of teams and supportive members. 
Everyone here is extremely dedicated.
Work life balance is taken care of very well

Cons: career progression for consultants are non-existent, Base salary does not compare to other professional services
Advice: Offer some sort of Career path for consultants
Pros: the network, the cache of knowing you work for a software company

Cons: Bureaucracy!  Too much time hunting down information instead of selling!
Advice: Get a user friendly CRM system that employees will actually use.
Pros: After 3 years at SAP you can move to a partner.

Cons: From time to time long hours are required, but that's not unusual in software development.
Advice: Work hard to keep employees skills up to date.
Pros: Flexible hours, good benefits, great bonus plan.

Cons: Upper Management is disconnected and the frequency of introduction of new products is far too high.
Advice: Trust your subordinates
Pros: Solid intelligent people and a corporate initiative to reinvent itself frequently

Cons: Too much change and reorganization. Much duplication of effort. Poor communication between internal groups.
Advice: Look at organizational complexity and duplication.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Company values employees as a whole.

Cons: It took awhile to get internal approvals.  Lot's of things needed approval from Germany which slowed down processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful campus with good work life balance.  I enjoyed the culture of the company.

Cons: Depending on skill set and location, mobility to more advanced positions can be difficulty
Advice: Keep listening to the employees
Pros: Creativity and innovation are encouraged, great work life balance, fun place to be

Cons: Doesn't feel very innovative. Takes a strong internal network to accomplish goals. Very little formal career path.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule / location. Many different groups, areas to work in. Very good pay.

Cons: Maybe not the right culture for some, depends on who you are, wasn't right for me but do not hold that against them
Advice: Don't know enough about management
Pros: Smart People, Interesting Work, Lots of Events

Cons: Fast paced, demanding environment, not a place for those that want an easy 9-5 job
Advice: None
Pros: Surrounded by exceptionally talented co-workers
Room to develop, grow and innovate
Company is also dedicated to serving the community

Cons: Work Perks and salary may not be as good like the neighboring companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great, benefits are quite competitive, and management encourages you to do the best every day.

Cons: Number of emails given company size and initiatives.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Amazing culture focused on retention and growth of current employees and a strong focus on diversity &amp; females in management.

Cons: Work from home option is offered by SAP but sometimes managers are reluctant to approve the same
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay; Free food and facilities; relaxed atmosphere; Good place to work with; Great Work-life balance

Cons: Travel; Can't think of any other Cons given the great opportunities the company offer
Advice: None
Pros: Customer exposure; Opportunity to address many challenging customer needs due to variety of customers
Unlimited Training and Learning oppurtunities

Cons: Hard to use all of my vacation days every year
Advice: None
Pros: Career growth opportunities
Compensation and bonuses
Benefits
Smart, fun &amp; kind co-workers
Flexibility &amp; virtual work options

Cons: Interns have the same responsibility of  full-time SDRs , can be stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Real work experience, great pay, lots of flexibility,  lots of responsibility

Cons: There is almost too much information and it can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Talented employees and plenty of support

Cons: SAP is a gigantic multi billion $ company. A company this large comes with a lot of bureaucracy
Advice: Simplify processes to help your sales people sell!
Pros: Above average income with many oportinities to grow

Cons: High work pressure during the final projects
Advice: Management should help international students to get a full time job not necessarily in the US
Pros: Excellent networking 
High knowledge about SAP Solutions and Products

Cons: Maybe not the right culture for some, depends on who you are, wasn't right for me but do not hold that against them
Advice: Don't know enough about management
Pros: Smart People, Interesting Work, Lots of Events

Cons: Not fiding Cons of the SAP company.
Advice: None
Pros: have a good company culture and have a warm team work here. Each employee can have the clear success map to match personal goal with team's.

Cons: Reorganization every 18 months; lots of locations world-wide means hiring is not always in your region.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, lots of PTO; good flex scheduling so long as you get your projects done.

Cons: •contract ended short 
•no available position to become a full time employee
Advice: None
Pros: •Atmosphere was calm 
•treated like a full time employee even though I was a intern
•lunch voucher 
•pay was great as a intern

Cons: Highly technical roles
Pressure to get up to speed in role quickly
Thrown to the wolves at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great support within the company
Everyone that works at Fieldglass is talented
Every project is different
Projects are with high profile companies

Cons: Very large organization...can sometimes take a lot of time and red tape to get things accomplished...
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of work from home, backing of large technology company with many different areas of products, collaborative environment

Cons: HR process could be faster
Advice: None
Pros: Love being able to work from home, support from my team and manager, maternity leave, gym on campus, healthy food choices on campus, workplace culture and enthusiasm

Cons: No real cons - Still the best organization I have worked for.
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture and people are excellent
Good compensation and path for progression
Learning tools for almost every aspect of the job and more

Cons: Less competitive salary compared to other companies
Advice: Don't hire too many people when you don't need them in the first place.
Pros: Good company culture and work-life balance. 

Free food. 

Flexible work from home options.

Cons: SAP's processes are quite a burden.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP does a great job of staying in tune with the market and is not afraid to make adjustments to strategy and direction.

Cons: Highly political, especially during transition.  Talent has been lost due to this.
Advice: Go back to a flat structure
Pros: Smart people, good technology.  It's an entrepreneurial atmosphere.

Cons: The atmosphere can get very political depending on where you are working because of the clients.
Advice: Keep listening to your subordinates and stop politicizing contracts.
Pros: Amazing Benefits
Good Work Schedule 
Great Interesting People & Work

Cons: Hard dealing with Germany and India when you are in the USA
Advice: Needs more excitement for younger people.
Pros: Good work life balance. Can take time off when needed.

Cons: favouritism on promotions, chaotic working among different groups spread geaographically worldwide
Advice: promotions should be transparent
groups have their own rules creating unnecessary beauracracy
Pros: Flexibility, telecommute, salary, benefits
Good place to learn and move on

Cons: Some managers are very old school
Advice: Please educate such managers to ramp up with SAP goals
Pros: focus on Innovation and agility. Employee friendly. High values. Work life balance.

Cons: very German-centric, tough to get promoted
Advice: open up the gates, hire within
Pros: good pay, excellent benefits, excellent communication, green philosphies, global opportunities,  forward looking, mobile/agile

Cons: Complicated internal processes. Too many hoops to jump through in order to get a simple answer.
Advice: Streamline internal and external processes. It will make for a happier customer base
Pros: Excellent benefits. Good work life balance

Cons: Big company politics, lack of innovation and agility.  Lacks an identity an the bay area.
Advice: None
Pros: Great History, resources and brand awareness.  some very good people and amazing talent has come thru SAP

Cons: Slow innovation pace in comparison to rest of the big ones in the valley
Advice: Need to be a little more inspiring to employees
Pros: One of the best places to work in the Bay Area

Cons: Management is demanding.  Like any big companies, it is hard to keep track of everyone that you work with.  There is a good amount of travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote working environment.  Great benefits

Cons: Politics, extreme pressure, clickish, huge, huge turnover, peters principle, bad surprises to employees
Advice: Quit forecasting false numbers with the street
Pros: Salary and compensation , home office is allowed, good marketing

Cons: Travel almost every week to remote areas
Advice: Reward your best employees by reducing the time they have to travel!
Pros: Solid pay and flexible hours. Ability to work remote was nice

Cons: will give you low hours to avoid giving benefits. most events are on weekends. cold/rainy nights.
Advice: Be a team, rather a dictatorship
Pros: meet great friends, free tickets for concerts/sharks events that have low sells.

Cons: Extremely political mid-level management
Not somewhere to build a rewarding sales career.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good benefits
Very good, not great, technology
Name recognition opens a lot of doors

Cons: Almost a year of training with little or no hands on experience
Advice: Mix it up. Train test send in the field. Train test send in the field
Pros: Investment in the employee and the custoner

Cons: Since the company is built on very complex , large foundation business software. It Lags behind in innovations.
Advice: Spin off more agile products.
Pros: Very Flexible workday.  Solid and stable company. Very Global.

Cons: if you are complacent, not the place for you for internship
Advice: None
Pros: great pay, great company culture and great people. professional atmosphere and great training

Cons: smaller raises and bonus when compared to other opportunities. really confusing frequent re-organizations
Advice: stop confusing frequent re-organizations
Pros: de minimis benefits like free meal, fun outings, supportive colleagues, good work environment , flex hours

Cons: Nothing specific. Overall the atmosphere is good and enjoyable.
Advice: The management is slow at times and you need to follow up on regular basis
Pros: Flexible Work Environment
Nice Team
Team Outings are great

Cons: Stressful specially at the end of the month, quarter and end of the year (Dec).  Constant change of strategy, territory, BOM, direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Benefits, Personal Sales Growth, Company potential and growth

Cons: - Very process oriented
- Lots to learn 
- Sometimes hard to find the right resources 
-Everything ends up being an IT or Sales Ticket
Advice: None
Pros: -Great Co-Workers
-Teams are supportive and collaborative
- A+ Benefits

Cons: It's a big company, which always adds complexities.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP genuinely cares about its employees. People here look out for each other and try to set each other up for success.

Cons: The corporate level processes can sometimes be time-consuming to be satisfied.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance. SAP is a company that highly encourages personal growth while contributing to the company. Transparency in management.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, but what would you expect with over 100K employees!
Advice: More diversity, please!  And it would be nice to limit the number of reorganizations.
Pros: Smart, collegial colleagues
Meaningful work
Global reach
Great customers!!

Cons: It's a BIG company - some may find that negative, but I see it as a positive, actually.
Advice: None
Pros: Very progressive company, with awesome benefits, supportive management, opportunity for growth.

Cons: if you're coming from the city, work commute takes about an hour to get there and back with traffic
Advice: None
Pros: work atmosphere, lunch stipend, networking opportunities, flexibility to work on other teams given bandwidth

Cons: low pay, extreme bureaucracy and poor decision making not using data
Advice: Hire people to lead versus hiring people to follow inadequate leaders.
Pros: Travel and industry exposure across the globe

Cons: Large, lots of re-orgs, upper management still re-orgs too often, too reliant on listening to German HQ still
Advice: Get rid of most of the German leadership
Pros: Lots of opportunity, internal training is one of the bests

Cons: Leadership is not always leadership
Advice: Team Leaders need to encourage team spirit in fierce competitive environments.
Pros: Creative, fast-paced challenging and innovative

Cons: - Compensation could be slightly better
- work/life integration is absolutely insane
Advice: -make sure you have clear direction and are aligned with your leadership.
Pros: - Intelligent talent pool to work with
- Semi competitive compensation

Cons: Stressful specially at the end of the month, quarter and end of the year (Dec).  Constant change of strategy, territory, BOM, direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Benefits, Personal Sales Growth, Company potential and growth

Cons: The only con is that I am no longer there.  Great company!
Advice: Find a place for Fred Ascher and bring him back!
Pros: Fantastic company that encourages creativity and true team spirit!

Cons: It's initially tough and learning is fun. In USA the SAP related  funtiinal obs are less.
Advice: Super management and awesome exp
Pros: It's really great learning and implementing experience... Looks to me great journey

Cons: Plenty of room for growth, but it sometimes happens slower than it should based on management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great visibility with the execs.
Company gives back to the community via NS2 Serves.
Ability to telecommute.
Great benefits.

Cons: Nothing negative about my experience at SAP
Advice: Keep up the great work!  We are on our way to making the world run better!
Pros: Diversity
Teamwork
Flexibility
World Class Products
Superior Leadership and Strategy

Cons: Not come across any problem yet
Advice: Keep the environment the way it is and we are proud of being part of SAP team
Pros: Transparency, Competitive Payout, Flexible, Learning, Growth

Cons: Long hours and can be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best places I've worked everyone is truly compassionate and cares a lot about your well being. HR is actually great to use.

Cons: Due to size, can be a bit difficult to navigate within the organization but fellow associates are always available to assist
Advice: None
Pros: Mgmt is excellent, very engaged, tremendous opportunities to advance

Cons: Big company makes a simple product appear complicated (it's not).
Advice: keep it up!
Pros: Value based culture, innovation, team work, supportive leadership, employee centric,  customer focused!q

Cons: Its so big it can be a challenge to navigate.
Advice: Keep pushing the product development to continue moving forward.
Pros: Incredibly well organized, great communication, good pay, and very professional colleagues.

Cons: Politicized and at times bureaucratic. Slow and not dynamic. No control over wasted resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee benefits are better compared to other companies. Enterpreneural spirits are encouraged. Ample opportunity for career advancement.

Cons: The travel can be a bit overwhelming at times throughout the year.
Advice: Continue to do the things that you are doing.
Pros: This existing company is very stable and a player in the marketplace.

Cons: Frequent reorganizations, but understandable because they acquired so many companies
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, helpful colleagues; a subdued and more serious culture; they take care of their employees more than many other companies

Cons: Not really any to mention
Advice: It was a good company i would rate them has very good
Pros: Worked for SAP as Quality Specialist for 6+ years with extra ordinary performance

Cons: - Slow professional growth
- Office does not have many perks that some other tech companies provide
Advice: None
Pros: - Friendly environment with people willing to help each other
- Good work/life balance

Cons: I have nothing to say here.
Advice: None
Pros: The team is just incredible. The salary is great, there is just so much to it that is unbeatable by other software companies.

Cons: > many cool projects happen at the headquarters in Germany
> many early morning calls with headquarters in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: > good benefits
> good work/life balance
> great initiatives on camppus e.g. TedTalks, beer bash etc.

Cons: That you don't work here!
Advice: Thank you, keep up the good work!
Pros: * Working 100% from home
* Great Team Support
* Recognition is none stop
* Work Life Balance

Cons: Limited vertical growth  however employees do make lateral movements.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture,  good benefits - flexible work hours, good vacation time. Employees encouraged to give back to communities.

Cons: - not tops in compensation but the work/life balance and other benefits help make up for it
Advice: None
Pros: - work/life balance
- collaborative environment
- treats employees well
- gives back to the community

Cons: Territory more than ever has led to a salesperson's success. Still not as bad as some companies.
Advice: Get rid of ROE or lock accounts
Pros: Great Stock option program as well as products.

Cons: Competitive pressures from all angles (hyperscalers, best of breed SaaS), company struggling to convert on-premise revenues to a cloud-based business at scale.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, good vacation, good pay, global customers/colleagues

Cons: - somewhat bad office locations
- on-call shifts
- work / life balance is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: - above average pay
- very good company benefits
- well-equipped office with a gym
- young colleagues

Cons: There are no Kontras at all! :)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, super loyal and supportive team, amazing onboarding program,... Just the best place to work at with the best colleagues in the world! :)

Cons: Long hours make the work/life balance difficult.
Advice: We must continue to provide innovative solutions to our customers.  Thank you for funding that goal.
Pros: Progressive company focused on delivering customer-oriented solutions.

Cons: Typical big old fashion technology company.
Product design is pretty lame.
Advice: None
Pros: has very good balance and freedom of life/work.
compensation is satisfied.
People are chilled and nice in my team.

Cons: SAP underutilizes its staff and generally does not promote from within.
Advice: Employee skills development and employee investment are key to the future.
Pros: A great number of highly competant colleagues.

Cons: SIMPLIFLICATION!!! Work Balance... no Life. Find your own career path and opportunities. Self Training.
Advice: Wake up. Actually manage. Focus on your employee's growth and career goals
Pros: Free Soda and Coffee :)

Cons: Some politics but nothing too awful, benefits could have been better.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work live balance and great management, loved the culture and opportunity to travel if it's what you are into.

Cons: - Lack of career path
- Hard to move upwards in the org
Advice: More focus on both managing downward and upward
Many of the executives are just focused on managing upward
Pros: - Flexibility
- Good work life balance
- Free lunch

Cons: Direction of business can seem uncertain at times.
Advice: Keep the focus on innovation, invest in your developers and support colleagues, and outpace with industry trends.
Pros: Pay
Time off
Stock purchasing program
Culture
Work Life balance

Cons: Work hours at times needs to adjust based where colleagues are located around the globe.
Advice: -
Pros: Diversity, strong employee focus, creative work environment, very flexible working agreement, honest communication from mgmt.

Cons: Agility,  ability to change direction quickly like any big company
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours, excellent handling of the Covid pandemic, very good benefits, listens to its employees, good work-life balance,

Cons: Slower to adapt and change than some US based tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: European DNA means SAP really cares about their employees. Vast portfolio allows for diversity in career paths and focus areas.

Cons: SAP is a large company. There is still some bureaucracy to contend with.
Advice: Create pathways for employees to share ways to ensure we Run Simple.
Pros: A truly caring for Each Other culture

Cons: A lot of pressure if you are in the sales area. Not a lot of possibilities to grow
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of benefits. Very good salaries

Cons: The pay is blow market rate
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of learning opportunity, nice manager and colleagues, everyone seems all chill, not that aggressive, very respence female employees, also having a work life balance

Cons: Very large with many sub organizations from recent M&amp;As that need integrating.
Advice: Invest in integration on all levels; Show commitment to diversity at Board Levels
Pros: Diverse work environment, HBCU recruitment, collaboration

Cons: Hierarchical and management is a bit out of touch with global pulse of the org. Very white male dominated leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, work life balance and benefits

Cons: Territory more than ever has led to a salesperson's success. Still not as bad as some companies.
Advice: Get rid of ROE or lock accounts
Pros: Great Stock option program as well as products.

Cons: Competitive business with expectations of fast turn around times.
Advice: Team oriented incentives
Pros: SAP has great people, offers very competitive salaries and many job opportunities for a long term career.

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: most friendly environment. Need not negotiate on pay scale as they give you the best of all.Work environment is one of the best in the industry.

Cons: Nothing that I can think of!
Advice: None
Pros: Great balance of work and life! Awesome benefits and company perks. Promotes people from within in the organization, therefore many possibilities to grow your career.

Cons: Limited visibility and less opportunity to move up in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an inclusive company. I love working with colleagues from around the world. Flexible work environment, great pay, lots of opportunities.

Cons: None I can think of at this time
Advice: Allow individual organization build innovation and success
Pros: Great working environment and supportive culture

Cons: If you don't like remote work it's not the job for you
Advice: Dont force people into roles based on their title
Pros: People resources quality of staff and compensation

Cons: Run simple can also lead to simplistic policies
Advice: Be more forward-looking in making strategies and give more value to the asset you already have.
Pros: Long vacation, good benefits, decent pay, open top-down communication

Cons: processes could be very long and complicated
Advice: Layoffs were short-sighted
Pros: Good work/life balance, free lunch, many Employee Resource Groups (ERG) to connect with others, very smart people

Cons: None, Unless you can't handle change. For a large company things can change quickly. I think that is a Pro....
Advice: None
Pros: People are amazing, look forward to coming into work everyday.

Cons: Compensation is on the lower end of tech companies in the Silicon Valley, but overall benefits are good
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance.  financially strong and growing company with good exec leadership

Cons: Compensation is on the lower end of tech companies in the Silicon Valley, but overall benefits are good
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance.  financially strong and growing company with good exec leadership

Cons: Lack of cohesion between all the different companies within the organization, hazy career paths
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, good people, endless opportunities to explore outside interests (i.e. fellowships, incubators, affinity groups, etc.), benefits

Cons: no cons, all pros, my lovely company
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work and a good environment to solve any issues. Culture, habits, and challenges make me feels that this company always growth

Cons: No cons, but it's a complex, extremely matrixed organization, so you have to learn how to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance
Lots of career development opportunities and room for advancement

Cons: People who don't do their job or have been around a long time, have the ability to push off work and treat co-workers in a disrespectful manner.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits, good culture

Cons: Comparative pay, integration with SAP is challenging, the negatives of a huge company are hard to avoid.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture at Concur is unmatched. Great benefits, great PTO, great WLB, great people.

Cons: Large organization that can have company politics that are frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, competitive compensation, remote work location as an option, smart and friendly colleagues.

Cons: Too siloed and the CX department was not aligned with legacy SAP team
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand with a rich tradition and a lot of talented people

Cons: Bureaucratic, limited stock options, poor internal technology systems
Advice: Continue the growth movement, blowup antiquated processes and streamline, improve stock options for employees
Pros: Employee focus, strong benefits, timely communications, growth oriented

Cons: Not many RSUs in compensation
Advice: Software engineer compensation should be on par with market and should improve employee job security
Pros: Good team and work processes
Great employee benefits
Good worklife balance

Cons: Very big company and very old company, so things much be different if you worked for a startup
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance and goo opportunities to pursue multiple tracks

Cons: Do not work on latest technologies. People are not very aggressive in learning at least in few development teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Good facilities and benefits that only few bay area companies provide

Cons: Huge organization across multiple areas, hard to get things done.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn many new things about the ERP business as well as how wonderful people working throughout the organization.

Cons: Company is very large so sometimes is hard to navigate to find what you need.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and perks. Flexible working hours, can work at home.

Cons: The constant re-organization within the company.
Advice: strive a bit more for stability
Pros: Everyone helped each other out and a very collaborative environment. Good pay.

Cons: - Company promises alot, and has a very hard time living up to it
- Beware of the smiling faces
Advice: Be honest and live up to the espoused ideals
Pros: - Learn to be successful with shallow people that smile alot
- Learn how difficult it is for customers to use their software

Cons: None that I can think of. This really is an amazing company and they have so many opportunities for their employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, updates for leadership every quarter, opportunities for career progression

Cons: Can be challenges with maintaining customer success due to turnover from acquisition.
Advice: Continue to train and develop your talent.
Pros: -Pay, Innovation, Support, Colleagues, and Customers

Cons: Political, too many direction changes every few months that don't lend accountability and measuring of various efforts by groups and departments for true business evaluation.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, multifaceted environment, good people, exciting projects.

Cons: Political
Growth can happen or it can't - just depends on how strategic you are
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to learn
Great culture and benefits
Intrapreneurial opportunities if you know the right people

Cons: Need stronger push for DE&amp;I
Advice: While it looks like a lot is being done, A lot of change hasn't occurred and concerns may fall on deaf ears
Pros: Culture, Growth potential, leadership, networks

Cons: There was a surprising level of "office politics".
Advice: None
Pros: I got to work with a bunch of interesting people on a number of interesting projects.

Cons: Heavy workloads, constant meetings, many organizational changes in the next couple of years.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional development opportunities abound, inclusive DE&amp;I culture, stay relevant by learning new tech skills, creative and collaborative environment.

Cons: - Inflexible HR policies on topics, such as mobility and transfer
Advice: None
Pros: - Supportive and uplifting team culture
- Managers and leadership advocate for work-life balance (and lead by example)
- Strong culture-driven organization that

Cons: restricted to the ERP domain and ABAP
Advice: None
Pros: great deal of learning, opportunities, learn the essence of an ERP system, networking and opportunities to mentor individuals

Cons: Sometimes the politics are intense.  Execution has been an issue in the past.
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues, ability to drive your own topics/ projects with autonomy, solid compensation.

Cons: lack of corporate and product direction.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked with smart and hungry sales people.

Cons: Difficult work-life balance, management not helping for career advancements
Advice: Listen to the people who invest their live in the company
Pros: Great atmosphere, Nice people, advanced technology may be fun to work for.

Cons: Still to find after working 9 years... :)
Advice: Keep up the good work...
Pros: Excellent work environment. Lots of opportunities and first hand learning on the new SAP products

Cons: Very bad traffic in Bay Area to drive to office- working on Sap specific technology that is not very common
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, interesting job activities and nice office location

Cons: Political
Growth can happen or it can't - just depends on how strategic you are
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to learn
Great culture and benefits
Intrapreneurial opportunities if you know the right people

Cons: Work life balance as a consultant is a constant struggle. 

Career path is not well defined
Advice: Work on mentoring the resources
Pros: SAP has one of the best Benefits package in the industry

Cons: Just like any large company  has redundancy
Advice: Leverage internal talent effectively
Pros: SAP has a Entrepreneurial culture that encourages new ideas and innovation.

Cons: Sometimes the services offered have overlaps with more than one department.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and benefits! Lot of independence on making decisions on your own project within the overarching guiding principles.

Cons: SAP CD Support Hub(renamed as innovative business solutions) sucks big time !
Advice: stop taking things to heart!.. think with your head !
Pros: none that i could think of

Cons: Invest more in leadership development at the higher levels.
Advice: Continue to drive the strategy and weed out the folks who are not on board.
Pros: Great ability to advance your career at SAP

Cons: Slow growth, no oppurtunity, many doesnt want to slog as they are either wealthy or dumb or aged.
Advice: None
Pros: Established firm with lot of different teams. The best benefits, WFHs and leave.

Cons: some red tape to get through
Advice: keep moving forward
Pros: Home work life is important, work from home opportunities, excellent benefits and advancement opportunities.

Cons: complexity of working for such a large global company
Advice: Keep on the caring path...!
Pros: SAP truly cares about their people!  Work / Life balance is a high priority.

Cons: having to deal with the Work Council and getting approvals. Very slow process
Advice: None
Pros: ability to work remote 100%, connection between personal goals and company goals, people are great to work with

Cons: Not competitive salary, slow-paced, need to solve fractions and inconsistency of multiple products
Advice: None
Pros: Enterprise design system is very interesting and a lot of room to grow.

Cons: Management makes promises they don't keep.
Advice: When you ask a person to do something and they do it. Pay what you say you will.
Pros: Pay well, good working conditions

Cons: Salary transparency needed to ensure everyone is fairly compensated compared to peers.
Advice: Executive Board needs to take diversity and inclusion seriously and show it in action
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: You sometimes need to know the way to get things done internally.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: We make it happen as a team.
SAP is a very human company.
Great visionary management

Cons: 1 haven't come up with yet
Advice: None
Pros: 1 People in the team are very supportive and friendly
2 WLB
3 As a new grad, you can always learn new things

Cons: Constant change that generates confusion around strategy, and business leadership
Advice: Focus change where support processes, product mgmt/development do talk to front role organizations.
Pros: Great benefits and flexible work

Cons: There could be better benefits for Health/Wellness (i.e., subsidy for gym memberships and/or health and wellness subsidies etc.)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Work Model Pledge is great commitment by leadership!

Cons: Quality of work that you'll get to work on completely depends on the team you're working for.
Advice: Be more agile.
Pros: Amazing place to work. Would recommend to anyone seeking work life balance.

Cons: Constant org change. Am on 4th manager in 12 months
Advice: Develop a strategy and stop re-orging every 6 months. Would also help not to have audits every 6 months
Pros: Stock purchase program is amazing

Cons: No complaints 
Like any big company, sometimes it can be hard to get changes implemented
Advice: None
Pros: Strong management
Cares about the Customer
Looks out for employees
Products are important to their customers
Widely diversified product portfolio

Cons: Fast pace environment can sometimes be challenging, but makes work fun!
Advice: Always be open and honest with your employees!
Pros: The culture, people, and environment make SAP the best place to work!

Cons: Work life balance can be challenge in some positions
Advice: Maintain the focus on the customer, and innovation
Pros: Professionalism, diversity, growing, strong leadership

Cons: Nothing really happens, can't drive innovation, management by committee. Acquisition is the only way new ideas can be brought in.
Advice: None
Pros: Job safety, good offices and  locations, low stress

Cons: The job can be challenging with constant change.
Advice: Continue to be true to what made the company great.
Pros: Flexible, challenging and growth.  Always something new and challenging but

Cons: Only con would be if you did not apply yourself and be committed to your role
Advice: none at this time
Pros: Training programs to help with new products and technologies

Cons: very big, so sometimes slow to move/react.  sales strategies change frequently - sometimes hard to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: Great co-workers, great benefits, very strong sales, excellent opportunities for growth

Cons: Poor Management, too many frequent changes in org structure.
Advice: Please stop changing the org structure and overall business strategy frequently.
Pros: Good salary, flexible on work location, hours etc

Cons: Sometimes very hierarchical, longer turn around time for execution
Advice: None
Pros: Higher employee engagement, best place to work for, great empathy and great care for employees

Cons: Organizational models can be a little heavy
Advice: Continue to reward employees at all levels
Pros: Innovative and flexible work environment.  Open to change and moving forward.

Cons: n/a, customer support position can be overwhelming sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: SAP makes sure they take care of their employees. Great food, drinks, fruit ...etc. Great offices and friendly coworkers.

Cons: Nothing as of now :)
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Great place
2. Work flexibility
3. Good perks
4. Open culture
5. Provides all the resources you will need to excel
6. Moving all platforms to cloud aggressively
7. Opportunity for growth

Cons: Too many mid-management changes recently.
Advice: Find ways to make quicker decisions.
Pros: SAP is a class act, great place to work and a collaborative environment. Amazing benefits and network.

Cons: Options can sometimes be overwhelming.
Advice: Continue to Invest in Talent and product innovation
Pros: Great performance based culture that allows those that put forth the effort to growth their career.

Cons: Typical atmosphere relating to corporate politics.
Advice: 
Pros: Work/Life balance, Excellent Benefits, Career Growth, Supportive Leadership, Opportunity to work like a start-up with support and resources from Fortune 500 company.

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity done right, encourages career growth, training, great work life balance, empathetic to employees juggling work/families due to COVID19, teams are very supportive of each other

Cons: Candidly, nothing comes to mind
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: SAP cares about it's employees wellbeing / success
I can develop my career in the direction I wish to

Cons: Salary can be more competitive
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Keep up the good work
Pros: nice place to work with. Company's goals and directions are clear.

Cons: German company - sometimes feels second class if working on products headed in Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Very generous benefits; Work Life Balance; Some groups doing cutting edge work

Cons: A loft of the software solutions SAP offers is second rate at best and this reflects in the number of tickets the support team encounters daily.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment. Excellent coworkers and management.

Cons: Some tenured employees not ready for change and makes it difficult when others want to move forward.
Advice: None
Pros: Great stable company with innovation and a hand in the future

Cons: - none, best decision so far
Advice: - none
Pros: - Work life balance
- lot of opportunities to choose
- lot of extra activities happening
- very supporting and diverse culture
- phone

Cons: Many peers have left for MS, AWS, etc. recently as very few US-based leaders now.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, smart people, lots of freedom and autonomy.

Cons: Poor senior management - board members are gods and must not be doubted
EVPs ... a nightmare
Advice: Watch the competition
Pros: Great potential in the company and the market

Cons: Big, complex company. Takes a while to figure out who does what. Not easy to hold people accountable for their commitments
Advice: Simplify
Pros: Established company, competent people. Here to stay

Cons: Decreasing benefits.  Bonus structure won't allow even for vacation or educational benefits.
Advice: Salary need to be in par with onther consultaing firms.
Pros: Good brand name.   Very challenging.

Cons: Over the years, many quality people left and were replaced with incompetents who were more interested in advancing their careers than in the success of the company.
Advice: Fire some of the VPs and middle managers.
Pros: Back in the day, SAP was a great place to work. The benefits were good and quality of people excellent.

Cons: Things get done slowly, painfully slowly, in some groups
Advice: get more agile!
Pros: People get a chance to move to different groups, divisions, positions

Cons: Must be willing to travel extensively. Most opportunities are in sales
Advice: continue to promote from within and have strong internal job system
Pros: Opportunity, technology, progressive, mobile environment

Cons: Excess layers of mid-management, very bureaucratic
Managers performance reviews of employees aren't always shared with employee
Good old boy network is difficult to penetrate
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunities
Above average compensation

Cons: little hard to learn need more attention
Advice: get more practical and small chapters to learn
Pros: will get good jobs anywhere in top rating

Cons: Rigid, not a lot of opportunity to take on additional work and learn new things. Not enough work to do most of the time
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, good work life balance

Cons: Must have a strong technical apptitude and love to dig into issues to find solutions
Advice: Give additional training on mentoring
Pros: Excellent benefits and a positive pro employee attitude!

Cons: As any big company lot of politics to navigate internally and externally
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work environment, competitive salaries, provide a lot of tool for personal and professional growth.

Cons: Some groups seem to be getting better but others are reluctant to change.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, competitive salary, innovative, all voices are heard, and sense of personal purpose.

Cons: name recognition is low since we have small consumer footprint
Advice: None
Pros: challenging work in latest technologies 
flexible work environment
teamwork and camaraderie
You can make an impact on customers every day

Cons: With such a broad solution set, it can sometimes be challenging to locate the right expert or resource needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, Culture, Opportunity for advancement and continuous learning

Cons: - Difficult to understand the solutions if you are new to SAP
Advice: - Continue to invest in training. It is very helpful.
Pros: - Great team
- Dynamic work cycle
- Good benefits

Cons: Too many politics. No effort from management to encourage growth (provide time for e-learning opportunities, incentives for advancements).
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to work on many different projects. Some are interesting, some are OK.

Cons: It needs to innovate more aggressively and stabilize the HANA DB better than it is now.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the best brands and highly professional company to work with.

Cons: Company seems too top heavy.  Frequent reorganizations.  Sometimes mandates useless training.  The year end process is a frustrating, time consuming, counterproductive experience!
Advice: None
Pros: Good employment. Decent pay and benefits.

Cons: Not considered the technology innovation or cloud company. Primarily handled by German leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: empathy for employees, benefits- generous ESPP stock match, 401K, 4+ weeks annual vacations and Work-life balance

Cons: T Levels and Grade Levels can be confusing and sometimes inaccurate.
Advice: None
Pros: Vast opportunities, benefits, PTO, flexible work hours, remote opportunities, transfer opportunities, relocation, internal job flexibility, transparent communication, equality.

Cons: As many large companies, re-organizations are frequent
Advice: None
Pros: SAP size offers the opportunity to expand to different roles over time

Cons: Can have early meetings due to timezones (no different than any other international company)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, work from home (especially during pandemic), smart colleagues, international company, market leader

Cons: Sometimes our strategy needs to be more clear, but under our new CEO I feel this is improving greatly
Advice: None
Pros: Great products
Exceptional People
Solutions that make customers better

Cons: -As most companies at the size of SAP, we are too bureaucratic
Advice: _
Pros: -Fair salary
-Fair benefits (specially for new mothers)
-Opportunity for growth
-Flexible hours
-Nice people to work with
-Nice cafeteria and gym

Cons: Lack of Americas POV on Managing Board.
Advice: Accelerate Qualtrics field team into the larger SAP machine
Pros: The people/culture
The customers
The ecosystem
The products/services
The brand promise

Cons: Not a major con, but needs a bit more integration
Advice: Keep thinking positive and we will achieve big
Pros: Continuous Innovation
Positive growth strategy
Great foresight from Executive Board and CEO

Cons: Hard to develop a career path
Networking difficult with such large organization
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach
Adaptive to changes in the market place
Multi-cultural experience
Flexible life-work balance

Cons: Not the right company to achieve and grow. Germans are good. Full of dead weight old generation SAPers in middle layer. Untransparent culture
Advice: Create a culture of transparency , reward growth drivers, get rid of old gen SAP ers in North America
Pros: Pays well, good sales culture

Cons: little hard to learn need more attention
Advice: get more practical and small chapters to learn
Pros: will get good jobs anywhere in top rating

Cons: There is no work-life balance when working at SAP. Vacation is a luxury. You will be financially hurt when taking vacations.
Advice: None
Pros: Getting to work with smart people

Cons: Global company. Your position might involve travel on the job.  Domestic and International.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with opportunity to improve skills for employees on various technical/functional areas

Cons: Always a glass ceiling present.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance.
It was up to the individual to decide the workload.
Could try new things and management appreciated exploring new ideas.

Cons: Low salary for engineer relative to expensive bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Job security, benefits, free food, location, German connection

Cons: Declining focus on adequately training employees.  New focus is too much on self training on the employees time.
Advice: None
Pros: Great variety in work situations.  Challenging and interesting work

Cons: Requires a lot of offshore communication
Advice: None
Pros: Very laid back and allows for people to grow themselves rather than forcing small work upon people. Lots of diversity in the company.

Cons: Work quality is not challenging.
Bound by strong corporate software structure.
Advice: Management is very good. Need to innovate more on technology side.
Pros: Very good work environment and culture. 
Flexible WFH policy.
Friendly environment.

Cons: Too rigid sometimes need to be more open to new ideas in the market
Advice: Loosen up and be more open to new trends in the market
Pros: Excellent work-life balance & flexibility

Cons: Flexible working time(yes, this is both pro and con)
Advice: Run simple as advertised, not the opposite
Pros: 25 days of paid annual leave, 6 weeks of paternity leave, flexible working time

Cons: Company decided to move my department to Manila.
Advice: Continue to be transparent with direction and management decisions.
Pros: Management was very supportive and transparent. Great place to work.

Cons: *sometimes work/life balance could be bad depending on projects assigned.
*salary increase could be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: *Passion and customer focus
*Great team work and knowledge sharing
*Good benefits and programs to extend work/life balance.

Cons: Still burdened by bureaucracy, overly matrixed
Advice: alignment of objectives and disentangle some of the structure.
Pros: Well positioned strategically, global footprint across all major industries.  Exceptional effort in improving corporate citizenship.

Cons: Basically I want to move to US - nothing against SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Constant learning, great values and communication, it's a pleasure to work there

Cons: Poor communication from top down. Can't advance.
Advice: Listen to your employees more and make them #1 priority not numbers.
Pros: People and projects were good.

Cons: fairly monotonous work for the most part with the exception of a few interesting projects
Advice: None
Pros: Given a degree of responsibility, flexible with part time, good pay

Cons: 401K, technology brand in US as compare to some other top tech brands.
Advice: Bring efficiency in hierarchy/ roles & responsibilities.
Pros: Work life balance, benefits, ESPP/ stocks, internal opportunity, cloud growth

Cons: Number oriented, not people oriented, management team not prepared
Advice: I don't have advice to management team.. each company acts according to what they have as good principles
Pros: Very good environment, good beneficts

Cons: Work life balance at times is not great
Advice: More involvement of SAP change and transformation champions with customers.
Pros: One of the best Global companies around with true people culture.

Cons: Good technical talent is rewarded with people responsibility for which they are woefully inadequate
Advice: Institute 360 review mechanism
Pros: Benefits, brand, and technology leadership

Cons: Work / Life Balance not great.
Advice: Find more ways to motivate and accelerate career paths.
Pros: Great culture and team spirit.  Allows for creativity and growth for advancement.

Cons: Not applicable, only thing is you need to scale up / learn to company expectations.
Advice: Bill is great Leader.
Pros: Space to Grow
Great company to work

Cons: At the end of the day, it is a German company with HQ in Walldorf, rural Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, respectful environment, family friendly

Cons: There is a lack of diversity within my organization leadership.
Advice: Base promotions on merit.
Pros: Amazing place to work with great benefits and people ready to mentor you.

Cons: a bit complicate org structure
Advice: Simplify the teams and org structure, make things clear, don't duplicate same  responsibilities in different department
Pros: Flexibility and opportunities, nice people and culture

Cons: Multiple Lines of Business can sometimes bring field complexity but very valuable proposition for customers seeking digital transformation
Advice: None
Pros: Company, Culture, Innovation, Focus on Customer, Diversity

Cons: Nothing that comes to top of mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work.  Good management and strategy.  Benefits and Compensation is very nice!  Nice work life balance.

Cons: Like any large company, decision making is sometimes convoluted and slow
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great culture, strong focus on learning, employees come first, innovative. Benefits are outstanding!

Cons: Poor leadership, good ole boys club, poor training
Advice: Spend time developing employees. Quit hiring Execs kids out of college that have no experience.
Pros: Remote work, decent benefits

Cons: Might seem to be old fashion at times.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP takes care of its employees. Is a place to gain global experience. There are many opportunities for growth.

Cons: management seems to not value merit, but encourage those who suck up.
Advice: 
Pros: Great ambience, great company, place you can be proud of.

Cons: No much motivation if you are not an top performer
Advice: Treat people fairly and motivate majority of employee
Pros: Work life balance if you have a family

Cons: none that i can think of.
Advice: 
Pros: Managers are supportive and fair;  Very nice working environment, great people.  Benerfits are good and there is good sense of cooperation across silos.

Cons: high expectations from customer and quite often unrealistic, SAP takes blame for others mistakes (like implementation partners and customer consultants mistakes)
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, work culture, team work, professionalism

Cons: Abiguity about the future of the organization now that we are owned by SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: 99% of the employees (at our office in Minnetonka, MN) are getting paid to do work we love.

Cons: Sometimes takes more effort to do things due to its size and spread.
Advice: None
Pros: Understands customers pain points and build real business solutions. Fosters innovation. And takes care of employees

Cons: large corporate overhead, waste of time if you want to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work environment, still not quite silicon valley style

Cons: Very narrow minded middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Access to learn new tools and technologies

Cons: Too many changes, re-organization almost the norm
Advice: Stop the constant changes, choose long term strategy and execute
Pros: Great People, Diverse Culture , Learn a lot, Successful Company, Work closely with custoimers

Cons: promotion or  growth is very slow
Advice: Strengthen the managers to be more able to handle the teams
Pros: You get to work with the best minds in the industry

Cons: One department in particular was not a very welcoming group of employees, felt very segmented and didn't work well together.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and perks, felt very progressive and work/life balance was good

Cons: Will drain on you if you aren't a tech oriented person
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, relaxed work environement where they like to promote internally instead of bringing in outside talent

Cons: Sometimes bureaucratic, initial vacation time for US employees - no matter your experience level  - is not great
Advice: Streamline decision making
Pros: Smart people, market leader, good pay and excellent bonus

Cons: Slow salary progression and not much focus on advancement.
Advice: More frequent advancement opportunities.
Pros: Very generous benefits and perks.  Flexible schedule with a work from home a needed atmosphere.

Cons: Too focused on cloud - losing traction in core applications
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for - ethical, learning organization, growth and technology leadership

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Continue the good work
Pros: - Great benefits such as Free lunch, compensation, etc.
- Flexible working hours
- Great work life balance

Cons: Not many that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company in the HCM cloud space. Great benefits. Good commuting options. Great work life balance. Advanced technologies to learn and practice.

Cons: N/A at the moment.  Best place I've worked at.
Advice: None
Pros: -Great work life balance
-Positive work culture/atmosphere
-No micromanaging
-Decent benefits
-Ability to challenge self and grow career

Cons: Haven't found any yet to mention
Advice: Keep on keeping the "heart" in all we do at Successfactors.
Pros: Authentic and passionate organization with the best products in the space!

Cons: Management decision insights lack clarity
Advice: Reinforce the employees who have experience and have done credible well for the company
Pros: Flexible, work-home balance, good teams and colleagues to work

Cons: Project implementation is slow but is expected for a company this size.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great and they provide you the correct tools to thrive in a growing environment.

Cons: Management can vary. Little to no onboarding structure.
Advice: Learn to ask direct reports how they can help and listen. Little accountability but high micromanaging.
Pros: Flexible schedule, Smart colleagues and nice 401k match.

Cons: SAP Concur paid much less than parent company SAP.
Advice: Align to parent companies values and organizational structure
Pros: Work life balance, Great PTO plan, Great maternity plan

Cons: Although they spend a lot of offices, due to the flexible work, offices can be ghost towns
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people to work with, great culture, flexible work environment

Cons: Everything is strict and document oriented; too large and too systematic to feel as part of the team
Advice: None
Pros: Great for people who need rule sets to work efficiently

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy
HR is kind of a nightmare to navigate, employees have to crowdsource information.
Advice: Assign an HR rep to large groups of employees.
Pros: Good benefits
Good Work-life balance
Focus on D&amp;I

Cons: It can be difficult to understand the wide array of products under the umbrella of SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture and benefits are wonderful. There are also a lot of opportunities for growth.

Cons: The greatest majority of the senior leaders are in Europe, so timezone is a bit challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing leadership team, strong empowered people who are able to drive and influence change!

Cons: Not a pay masters and old way of mangement.
Advice: Try to retain the talent. Be on par with market in terms of pay and benefits.
Pros: Work and personal life balance is good.

Cons: -no gym
-hard to understand organization
-too many people that add no value
-company lacks vision
Advice: develop a sound, simple strategy and get everyone on board
Pros: -Free lunch
-nice building to work in

Cons: Work/life balance is tough. This is as much on me as the company.
Advice: Keep up the transparency!
Pros: The super smart people!  They keep me interested.

Cons: I don't see cons so far
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance. Job rotation and many alternatives of activities that will make your work more dynamic and fun.

Cons: quotas unrealistically high accounts distributed based on office politics
Advice: cut down on red tape be open to constructive feedback
Pros: good salary and benefits great people intelligent hard working

Cons: Cant think of any cons for working for SAP
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Taking your wellbeing into consideration

Cons: It can feel like you are just a number.
Advice: None
Pros: There are benefits to working for a large company like SAP, including benefits and pay and opportunities internally.

Cons: 1. Compensation, compared to the market
2. (Limited to No) RSU
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Flexibility in the work schedule.
2. Freedom to voice opinion
3. Customer first nature.
4. Knowledge gained during work.

Cons: SAP is a very large company.
Advice: Keep making strategic decisions to make SAP successful going forward.
Pros: SAP is a company that cares about its employees.

Cons: Silos up to mid-level management across the business units
Advice: Continue the great work. Encourage cross-company collaboration at mid to lower levels across like business units
Pros: Customer-first, forward-thinking, communication, loyalty, transparent

Cons: Maybe the compensation can be improved a bit
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to network within the various lines of business
Stable company
Engaging leadership
Growth strategy (quick to pivot)

Cons: A lot of organizational changes and the work is intense. You have to know how to establish your own work/life balance!
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, benefits and leadership.

Cons: In office perks not as good as some other companies, but with the shift to remote work, not necessarily a con anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work until 2021, Global collaboration

Cons: Big and unwieldy sometimes, Still a little good old boy
Advice: More accountability, less overlap of roles
Pros: Great co-workers, Strong customer revenue base

Cons: Significant change fatigue can occur if you are not open to change management programs
Advice: None
Pros: More than willing to invest in their employees with incredible benefits programs

Cons: Difficult to advance after a certain level
Advice: Be transparent about changes &amp; nurture your #1 asset (employees)
Pros: Interesting work, flexible work environment, great colleagues

Cons: lots of cold calls. Management is a little disorganized. little opportunity to go on unless your a top 5% performer.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay
fun teams and peers 
learn new skills

Cons: - Lower than market-rate salaries
- Very small raise
- No sign-up bonus
- No structured processes
Advice: None
Pros: - Really good work/ life balance
- People are nice
- Interviews are easy

Cons: It's so big that it takes time to understand the whole ecosystem
Advice: None
Pros: - Take care of employees
- Smart people 
- Awesome products and solutions
- Constant training
- General good environment

Cons: Can be slow in being current with modern tech stack, not an industry leader/innovator in an software engineering practices. Salary is not competitive at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, seemingly friendly management/executives

Cons: Siloed teams, little upward mobility in salary, horrible if you want to be in upper management as a woman
Advice: None
Pros: Great starting compensation, great work environment, extensive benefits

Cons: California office feels a long ways away from Germany HQ, which can be frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: Much more innovate than you think and great cloud strategy. Much to come!

Cons: Bad architecture.
Crappy culture
No desire to innovate. 
Depressing.
Relatively low pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
SAP's air cover.

Cons: Part of SAP - a huge organization sometimes hard to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: A flexible, casual, collaborative place to work.   Generous salary and PTO.

Cons: It's extremely large and takes time to understand the entire ecosystem.
Advice: Keep working hard
Pros: They care about their employees and it shows from top level all the way down.

Cons: Slow to change
People are not that fun
technology is not advanced in my department
Advice: Change faster
Pros: Culture is great, the people are ok but not amazing. Parking is ok mostly

Cons: There needs to be a more clear plan on how to properly integrate the new acquisitions from customer standpoint
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to grow, learn new skills

Cons: Upper management does not have a vision. Regularly changes how you are measured.
Advice: None
Pros: Go coworkers 
Great product

Cons: With a company this large, it can sometimes be difficult to track down what team/person is responsible for a specific thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great transparency, communication, and corporate environment

Cons: Competitive culture can bring out the worst in some people, while others might not handle it well.
Advice: None
Pros: Even though the sales culture is competitive, they fully support us.

Cons: See above for additional information
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of good experiences and learning for someone new to the industry but a lot of work and low pay for the effort

Cons: Confusion on Role definitions in GCO
Advice: Shore up Roles and alignments to prevent confusion
Pros: Ability to move around within company, entrepreneurial spirit, access to innovation and helping to define industries

Cons: Lengthy internal approval process
Slow 
Old mindsets
Advice: Increase pace, reduce internal politics
Pros: Friendly people
Good perks
Good work life balance

Cons: - Average salary
- There are many events happening throughout the year
Advice: n/a
Pros: - Workload is not heavy
- There are many events (knowledge sharing, online learning) happening throughout the year

Cons: Some internal processes could be improve and SAP is already working on it.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really cares about its employees and recognizes all their efforts and accomplishments

Cons: More than 40h per week
Challenging work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work weeks
Opportunity to select your engagements
Competitive work environment
Ability to learn 
Free certifications

Cons: Technologies were obsolete and there was no effort to change it.
Company shut down all north america development
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance was good.
People were nice

Cons: If you do work remote it can be difficult to progress in your career
Salary stays pretty stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work/life balance
Flexible schedule
Really great employees
Being able to work remote

Cons: Work life balance, disorganization, management, expectations, compensation structure
Advice: Improve your on boarding processes and training for new hires. Huge lack of training in remote world
Pros: PTO, benefits, remote work, room for growth

Cons: High pressure sales environment, reps competing against each other for customer business. Management plays favorites with account distribution. Unachievable quotas and poor commission structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Good base pay 
Flexible schedule

Cons: Company shifting its center to Germany, way too much.
Advice: Do more outside Walldorf
Pros: Great facilities in Palo Alto.  Good international experiences

Cons: Not much hiring happening at the moment.
Advice: Keep it up, but loosen the reins on hiring
Pros: Flexible hours, good management, good atmosphere.

Cons: Whenever layoffs occur, all global locations are affected except Germany
Time off is very uneven among all locations
Advice: Listen more; talk less
Pros: Decent pay; decent bonuses
Great colleagues

Cons: Frequent changes in leadership w/in some departments/orgs, unclear direction at times
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, culture, training, flexible work arrangements (telecommuting)

Cons: You don't grow there, lots of work and long hours.
Advice: None
Pros: You get lots of experience, great company to start your career, good bonuses.

Cons: A few too many reorganizations, sometimes we don't even finish the current re-org before the next one starts.
Advice: None
Pros: Global, challenging, committed to employees.

Cons: No not really any thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company with great work culture, benefits and opportunities. Fast paced, dynamic and rewarding with lot of perks. Would recommend to any one.

Cons: Services are not the highest priority.
Advice: Software and services are not an either or proposition,
Pros: Massive installed base. Even larger knowledge base. Cutting edge technology in most areas.

Cons: Slow giant, Lots of bureaucracy and politics, frequent shift in priorities, not the most exciting place
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, interesting work, good people, good benefits, opportunities for growth

Cons: Frequent reorgs, shift toward flattened hierarchy limits career advancement opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance, ability to work remotely

Cons: Work -Life balance can be challenging.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Company culture is engaged and everyone is held to very high standards.

Quality Solutions 

Client Centric

Cons: Big and some older ways
Advice: Step up to the new ways of mgmt..  Dump the review process
Pros: Great operation to be a part of.  Strong in many technologies

Cons: Not Many Finance Career Options in IL
Advice: Treat all employees equally no matter what their title may be.
Pros: various position types, many educational resources, work/life balance

Cons: no growth opportunities; no appreciation of good work
Advice: make promotions transparent; develop people internally instead of hiring outside the company
Pros: collegial atmosphere; good work life balance;

Cons: Distance very far awaw from my residence
Advice: Great leadership.great work place .Need some more team building evets or celebrate more non religiouis festivals,like cultural events team building events
Pros: Great work Place to work.Great co-worker

Cons: Slow in Employee growth, Work Life Balance.
Advice: Innovate more and make more success
Pros: Lot of training material, Hands on Experience, Exposure to face Customers and get on job experience

Cons: Work life balance is tough.
Advice: 
Pros: SAP has an enormous amount of very smart & talented people, every day I learn something new.

Cons: None which immediately come to mind
Advice: Continue to shake up old processes to help SAP be more nimble.
Pros: Very flexible on work hours/work style

Cons: very complex processes and historically grown application.
Advice: Management should focus on improving the existing applications more or replace them by new technologies.
Pros: Good perks, salary, work-life balance

Cons: Managements are more care about Wall Street a.k.a stocks and their own bonuses. Employees are now on the bottom.
Advice: If SAP goes this way without change, you will lose most if not all your loyal employees soon.
Pros: SAP used to be a valuable company to work with, no longer from 2012.

Cons: Limited or no opportunities for advancement.
Advice: Fire all mid level managers. They are not worth a penny.
Pros: Competitive pay. Great benefits and bonus package.

Cons: Whenever layoffs occur, all global locations are affected except Germany
Time off is very uneven among all locations
Advice: Listen more; talk less
Pros: Decent pay; decent bonuses
Great colleagues

Cons: Depending on area of work: Poor work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment. Lots of opportunity to learn and grow. Excellent benefits and plenty of vacation.

Cons: Large account team with redundant responsibilities made it difficult to work with customers.
Advice: Contribute more resources to closing renewals.
Pros: Great opportunity to work with customers and drive renewals.

Cons: Some tools a bit inflexible, difficult to use.
Advice: Keep up the good work.  Pedal to the metal!
Pros: Great culture of winning, and driving customer success.
Well managed business.

Cons: Can have a big company feel, some duplication in development / effort
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical and fair, sincerely pushing for innovation and incorporating new technological advances into enterprise applications.

Cons: The best and brightest know this place is the best and brightest, and never leave.  Growing is highly competitive.
Advice: keep it up1
Pros: Work with the smartest people, EVER

Cons: Travel, work / life balance can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, excellent management, excellent leadership. Company culture and values are in line with my interests.

Cons: missing cross team collaboration and setting cross team goals
Advice: Cross team optimization is more important than single team optimization
Pros: great teams, excellent team collaboration, flat structures, international company

Cons: my team lead is a micromanger
Advice: step back and trust your employees
Pros: SAP is great to their employees and always reaching out to the community

Cons: Gaining access to VDI is basically impossible whenever you get a new phone.
Advice: None
Pros: My team works in a really fun problem space and maintains excellent work/life balance.

Cons: There is a lot of information to navigate. But it is doable and there are lots of resources to take advantage of!
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible culture, learning and winning environment.

Cons: There is a lot of information to navigate. But it is doable and there are lots of resources to take advantage of!
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible culture, learning and winning environment.

Cons: Fast Moving, Need the drive to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Great place for Growth. Best Perks and Benefits. Great People. Great Work Life Balance

Cons: Salary in my area is below market but overall I still find SAP a better place to work at
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexibility, opportunities, culture, senior management

Cons: Work environment is intense with little guidance.
Advice: Try to bring the teams together better and allocate accounts on a basis of the potential for solution/LOB
Pros: Opportunity to make good money

Cons: You just land a good job if you have a good network within the company
Advice: Retain your talents
Pros: The company has the right vision and strategy.

Cons: Feels like not a lot of works for me to do.
Advice: None
Pros: it was a pretty nice experience. People in the group are really nice and passionate.

Cons: Low pay.  Medical expense is high. Benefits all right.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance. Lots of opportunity to grow. Colleagues are great

Cons: Pay could be a little better
Advice: Increase the pay to compete with pay rates for other companies in the same industry
Pros: Great company to work for. Lots of opportunity

Cons: Work can be slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: Really cares about their employees and treats them well

Cons: It's hard to think of a con when the company does everything right.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is important not just to the individual person but to the leadership.

Cons: lesser salaries compared with other companies in the same sector
focus on maintenance than innovation
Advice: None
Pros: good Work-life balance even during busy quarters of the year

Cons: None that I can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, great work culture with some very nice perks. Treated very well and great managers.

Cons: High pressure which may be characteristic of  the industry
Advice: None
Pros: -Open, diverse culture
-Excellent salary and benefits
-Serious development structures and plans

Cons: I don't have cons .
Advice: None
Pros: My leader let me explore different development options and assign me relevant responsibilities. He trust in me so far

Cons: None I can think of at this time.
Advice: Continue the focus on community and continuous learning
Pros: SAP focuses on employees and business outcomes. Continuous learning environment.

Cons: Creeping influence of SAP (although that is not all bad).
Advice: None
Pros: Best solution in the market. More importantly, we have retained our culture of integrity and honesty.

Cons: The company is very large with lots of different parts of the business it therefore can be difficult to comprehend.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and secure. I feel respected and appreciated.

Cons: Inability to move fast which brings morale down
Advice: Recognize good people!! They are hard to find!!
Pros: Excellent work life balance and Stellar perks and benefits!

Cons: Upper management is stirring the pot too much.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a fun place to work. My team is awesome. Work-life balance is the focus. The work is challenging.

Cons: long work days and work-life balance can suffer at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good leadership, opportunities to grow

Cons: bureaucracy, red tape, old solutions, older workforce, outsourced technical work, not nimble to compete
Advice: None
Pros: good people, resources of a big company, always asked to compete for largest contracts

Cons: not very progressive , growth potential , very germany centric
Advice: None
Pros: people , customers , width of industry , products , benefits

Cons: work-life balance. heavily matrixed organization can be tough to manage accountability across teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, collaborative work environment, employee feedback is taken seriously

Cons: matrixed organization can be challenging
Advice: keep communicating! transparency builds trust
Pros: Love the people, the passion, energy and opportunities for growth

Cons: Without actual networking and connections it hard to really plan your career growth/expansion
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a strategic mindset to plan products for the future!

Cons: Working is a bigger organization and Navigating to the right stakeholder is critical.
Advice: Elevate smart people within organization  .
Pros: Leader and trusted partner for Digital Transformation.

Cons: None at all, I'm happy
Advice: Keep the culture going! It will help SAP in the long-term!
Pros: Phenomenal place to work: awesome culture, awesome coworkers, love it!!

Cons: Some silos exist within certain business units, often results in duplication of efforts.
Advice: None
Pros: CLO is engaged and at the forefront of the learning industry.

Cons: Not much to complain about
Advice: Stay the course
Pros: Highest pay, best benefits, room to grow, promote internally, opportunity to be successful

Cons: It can be a little process heavy and slow to adapt to change.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a real focus on employee satisfaction and wellness.

Cons: Teams can be small and leave little room to climb.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for Concur, there is a big focus on employee health and wellbeing! Very little work-a-holic culture.

Cons: Smaller org within SAP so growth opportunities were relatively limited from a management perspective
Advice: N/A
Pros: Support from top down on personal goals and deal level engagement

Cons: Unfortunately, due to company layoff in 2009, I am no longer there.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for training, on-site fitness center, subsidized lunches, great people to work with

Cons: Process heavy. Proprietary Technologies. Not a typical Silicon Valley Company.
Advice: Support top performers.
Pros: Nice work culture. Lots of flexibility. Decent perks. Can learn about Enterprise problems.

Cons: Starting to get a larger company mindset with being part of SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Small culture still prevails with an strong emphasis on customer success

Cons: It might be a little bit laid-back
Advice: None
Pros: Environment is good, teammate are very friendly. working on interesting projects on SAP HANA database

Cons: Large, complicated, matrixed organization.
Advice: Provide structure for employees to move into different functional areas.
Pros: Strong communication from executive leadership.  Great work environment.  Supportive team members.

Cons: There are no cons, absolutely a great company!
Advice: None
Pros: Absolutely a fun company and very rewarding. Employees share the same corporate values and want to achieve all goals collectively.

Cons: Work depends on the team that you are working on, not so challenging environment
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance, lot of benefits like car lease policy, free food etc

Cons: A bit lack of organized work and decision making process.
Advice: None
Pros: There are many chances to expand career path and grow expertise.

Cons: it's a big company so internal initiatives tend to drag on
Advice: None
Pros: good culture and work/life balance, great benefits, good paternity/maternity leave schedule, LGBT+ representation, strong women in leadership

Cons: couldn't find any, if have to, only the salarie too low in US
Advice: None
Pros: full of oppurtunities, many intraprenuer ship funding, big but innovative

Cons: Travel Expectations can be challenging
Advice: Simplify the amount of Client Facing Leaders, we need to look like One Company
Pros: Balanced Approach for Company/Personal Needs

Cons: Vision changes often and can be very confusing for employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Present in many industries, so there are a lot of opportunities to do different work within the organisation

Cons: Hard to navigate larger organization. Business can sometimes feel siloed and could be better brand awareness across all LOBs.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance 
Flexibility
Friendly co-workers
Amazing benefits (individual and family)
Unlimited PTO

Cons: SAP needs to do some work on fully integrating their acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and great benefits! My manager truly cares and wants to make sure that I succeed.

Cons: None! This is overall a great company to work for!
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work! If you can get in with SAP absolutely pursue it.

Cons: N/A, N/A, N/A, N/A, N/A
Advice: Keep moving forward with stream lining our internal organizations to enhance customer success.
Pros: Benefits, training, diversity, training, respect

Cons: Sprawling and confusing bureaucracy.   It is probably to be expected with a 100k+ person organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership, stable products, and market leadership in multiple industries.

Cons: lesser salaries compared with other companies in the same sector
focus on maintenance than innovation
Advice: None
Pros: good Work-life balance even during busy quarters of the year

Cons: Recent increase in re-orgs, AWS growing pains.
Advice: Ensure your devs understand what career paths are available to them.
Pros: Work/Life Balance, Salary, Opportunity to Innovate and Lead

Cons: Really haven't seen anything negative at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Very active with the company's cultural values, innovative cutting edge technology, "Builds bridges, not Silos"

Cons: two classes of employees. German vs rest of the world.
Advice: None
Pros: High standards mean high expectations for performance, a great place to grow and learn

Cons: It's not an easy job. It can be cut throat and there are high expectations to perform. Trust the process
Advice: None
Pros: Starting Bonus
Autonomy
Management
Salary + Commission Structure

Cons: Some managers are not kind and do not listen. Very impersonal culture (no in person meetings, only meet over conference calls)
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, flexible schedule, great colleagues

Cons: Hours can be long as it is a global company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good teams that care about you, work load is manageable and low stress for an EA role.

Cons: Very Low pay compared to Market. Slow Career Progression. Not a great work culture after Concur got acquired by SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee Benefits, Stock Purchase Plans

Cons: Travel, Long hours, Salary, Promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Customer focus, Innovation, Work &amp; Life balance, Diversity

Cons: Big focus on bringing in young talent, if that bothers you.
Advice: None
Pros: Love working for SAP, you can really tell they care about their employees, which is rare.

Cons: High deductible health plan, few remote positions available
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and pay, paid parental leave, work-life balance, inclusive, diverse, opportunities for growth, retirement plan matching

Cons: Not enough positions for all who want to work @SAP.
Advice: Train, be available, teach by your actions
Pros: The environment is open, communal, active and appealing.

Cons: Salaries are not as high as other company in bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Flexible time. Nice culture. People are nice and helpful.

Cons: Work German and Indian hours while being PST. Can be very long days.
Advice: None
Pros: Great to learn the platform business and SAP ecosystem.

Cons: Salary is low compared to other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the top-ranked companies to work for.  They have good benefits and treat their employees well.

Cons: Large organization and at times the navigation to get things done can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: -Good benefits
-Lots of career opps
-Nice people to work with, in general
-Flexible work schedule

Cons: Salary, NA, NA, NA, NA
Advice: Go SAP - keep driving innovation
Pros: Cool technology, best run business run SAP, flexible working hour, vacation, Benefits

Cons: functional consultants require in person training classes in order to keep up with Ariba system enhancements
Advice: offer a program for gym membership reimbursement
Pros: Stock purchase, unlimited sick days,

Cons: Complex operating model 
Limited incentives for non-quota carriers
Advice: Remember  millennials like money too!
Pros: Global organization
Mix of young talent vs. seasoned leaders
AMAZING CEO
Incredible brand

Cons: The company is too large.   There isn't a good life/work balance.
Advice: Be more available for your employees
Pros: Flexible time, great bonus, great benefits and great people.

Cons: As in most large companies, frequent change must be navigated.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and priorities. The CEO instills a focus on customers and their success

Cons: High deductible health plan, few remote positions available
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and pay, paid parental leave, work-life balance, inclusive, diverse, opportunities for growth, retirement plan matching

Cons: Very PM driven, can't do user testing with customers. Very little salary increase every year.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, great working environment.

Cons: The process to get work done is slow. The salary is no too high
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work-life-balance. Colleagues are really friendly and nice. Benefits is good

Cons: The only cons are that processes are difficult and everything moves so slow
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a very international company, great benefits, virtual

Cons: below average pay for tech industry. high turnover in leadership. extremely long hiring process.
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance and great paid time off

Cons: Just remote mainly, would have been so much better if it is in person
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, being treated as a full time engineer, and flexible

Cons: not too much tops down communication;
Advice: goals and performance management process lags as it to long  cascade down management objectives.
Pros: Lots of A-List players, best in the industry.

Cons: not always quick with communication
Advice: 
Pros: My Team and management
Flexibity adn Work/Life balance
good benefits and perks

Cons: travel from east to west can be brutal in winter! If you love travelling... go for it!
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, excellent benefits, nice travel perks... above all great product!

Cons: Re-org never stops. Senior managers come and go.
Advice: None
Pros: There is always new generation of technologies and platforms to learn and develop.

Cons: Too many org changes and frequent shift of priorities.
Advice: Do not acquire more companies.
Pros: Great place work with emphasis on diversity of cultures. Wide range of product portfolio.

Cons: Hard work with large company challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to develop career.  Company is sales focused and constantly innovating in an effort to support aggressive customer success.

Cons: Would like some face-to-face meetings every few months or so.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits and flexible hours and can work at home

Cons: Not enough visibility between teams working on similar products. But it is getting better.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities (great internal online platforms for employees), Fellowships, Good work/life balance.

Cons: Not many younger teammates. Large age and wage gaps.
Advice: NA
Pros: There is a wealth of knowledge in the company. Everyone is very willing to share, coach and collaborate.

Cons: Poor executive leadership with lack of sales understanding
Advice: Eliminate the business silos and product conflict and focus on customers rather than internal fiefdoms
Pros: Great Salary and Benefits. Nice offices

Cons: Too many reorganizations, Strategy keeps changing multiple times in fiscal year
Advice: None
Pros: Management is employee friendly and kind, Wonderful benefits, Work life balance is great

Cons: dont know as such with sap
Advice: keep focus on long term goals.
Pros: Best place to work who takes care of their employees, great pay master and benefits.

Cons: Constant change...which can be construed as good or bad. It's mostly good though when it comes down it.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture, company, and benefits are outstanding.

Cons: Salary range is lower compared to similar roles in other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive culture, Strong leadership, Growth and development opportunities, good work life balance

Cons: The organization is constantly changing. Many re-orgs make for messy reporting relationships
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and competitive salary. Access to training and support of colleagues top notch.

Cons: Short releases. Too much work expected from management even in non-working hours.
Advice: Don't do micro management.
Pros: Nice technologies. Nice products. Remote work is accepted.

Cons: i cannot think of any
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Leadership makes far more effort to communicate with employee base despite large size of the company

Cons: Big company politics and leadership is simply retreads from other failed roles
Advice: Pick a strategy and focus
Pros: Well compensated and a lot of flexibility

Cons: work/life balance could be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home
Awesome sick time (unlimited)
Vacation is 3 weeks to start and increases after 3 years

Cons: Can be really hard to execute across the organization
Advice: Continue to simplify the organization and execution
Pros: Challenging work, higher end of the pay scale, great benefits, strong CEO

Cons: Political all the way to the rep level.  Who you know is critical to success.
Advice: Listen to your employees and customers
Pros: Smart people, solid solution, forward thinking

Cons: None to think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. It is easy to move around in different roles within the company. Great food at cafeteria.

Cons: could have been offered more moolah. it is a bummer bonus is based on company performance instead of individual contributions
Advice: None
Pros: Very lovely environment and work life balence

Cons: I have not cons about working for SAP. An awesome company.
Advice: None. My managers are awesome. No complaints.
Pros: Great compensation and very good work life balance.

Cons: Complexity.  Bureaucracy.  Bloat.
Advice: Simplify.  Streamline.
Pros: Global work.  Socially responsible.  Treats employees, customers, and partners very well.  Great benefits.

Cons: Salary is low compared to other like companies and job description.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, great benefits, free lunch every day in Palo Alto campus.

Cons: global company, may need to adjust work hours accordingly
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great benefits - Telecommute, flex jobs, Shuttles to different company sites, great vacation policy

Cons: It is a large company and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Work with really smart people in a supportive environment focused on our customer's success.

Cons: Low bonus and stock awards compared to local competition, parking
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, great work/life balance, time off, very few big egos

Cons: Pace of change, depth of matrix, adoption of technology
Advice: None
Pros: Breadth of Solution, Push towards Innovation, relationship with customers, compensation and benefits, opportunities to do different things

Cons: highly political and overly matrixed.  Sellers on strategic accounts have too many accounts.
Advice: increase account dedicated sellers
Pros: powerful technology and effective corporate strategy

Cons: Lack of training.  Leadership is focused on their own path.
Advice: Focus on your people.  Not yourself
Pros: A lot of autonomy.  Great product

Cons: Traveling too much, cuz we need to be at client's site.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, learn a lot here.

Cons: salaries are not competitive with other product development companies.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours and few days a week work from home  option depending on the team.

Cons: too focused on quarter and not long term relationship- issues in integrating acquisition to make it simple for clients
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of very smart people and great ideas

Cons: the career path may be limited when you work here for many years
Advice: None
Pros: very good company welfare, high level management, work life balance, know different people.

Cons: Pay increase is very small even after promotion
Advice: Hire better designers who care about the bigger problem.
Pros: Nice work-life balance.
Nice starter job

Cons: Work/Life balance is an issue sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: I have been 12 years with SAP and absolutely love how the company re-invents itself to lead the software industry!

Cons: It is corporate America, so big business is to be expected. Many different groups.
Advice: Continue to invest in people
Pros: Flexible, competitive, lots of opportunity

Cons: Must assimilate.  Innovation stifled.  Process doesn't allow for experimentation,
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits.  Process oriented.  Stable company.

Cons: Organizational complexity to make change quickly
Legacy technology stack makes it slow
Advice: None
Pros: Strong presence in the market
Lots of opportunity to improve product and experience

Cons: Performance culture that can lead to long hours for those that want to be recognized
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, development opportunities, freedom to explore new business areas or roles

Cons: - Large company
- sometimes the scale does not allow us to move fast
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong Management
- Culture of winning
- Company values employee

Cons: Not many. Maybe doesnt pay wallstreet?
Advice: None
Pros: Great community, strong company vision, no one is too big or too small.

Cons: Lots of internal lingo that takes time to get used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, compensation, and leadership, good work-life balance, and flexible work environment.

Cons: Have not found a con yet.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: High Integrity, Strong Management, Invest in Employees, Encourage Volunteerism

Cons: None. Look forward to coming to work every day.
Advice: None. Management is the best!!
Pros: Love it. Best place to work!!

Cons: Large organization, can be daunting at times, some required administrative tasks are frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent Learning Opportunities
Surrounded by Smart People
Community Involvement Encouraged
Ample Personal Time Off

Cons: Takes a bit to get used to compartmentalized offices &amp; lack of in-house HR team.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance
Company Culture
Flexible Hours
Learning Fostered from Management

Cons: It can feel like a massive company at times
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has an amazing culture and there is plenty of opportunities to switch roles.

Cons: Prior to Covid-19, extensive travel required
Advice: None
Pros: strong culture, high integrity, long term strategic focus, very family oriented, fair &amp; transparent

Cons: Many layers of hierarchy, harder to maneuver/direct customer requests or projects (takes longer)
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, Flexibility with technical/leadership opportunity, colleague diversity, open management style.

Cons: Can be difficult to move up due to constant org change.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance and very smart workforce. Huge EDI awareness and programs.

Cons: less opportunities to grow outside of EMEA and USA
Advice: None
Pros: been updated, been recognized, good work environment

Cons: None so far that I have come across.
Advice: Keep Up the Good Work!
Pros: Great Team
Good Learning Opportunity
Good Compensation and Allowances
Work From Home

Cons: Pays below the industry standard
Moves slowly—takes a while to get anything done
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunches everyday
Intelligent and talented coworkers

Cons: I truly cannot think of a con.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is the best company that I have ever worked for! Great work-life balance, excellent salary, fun culture, innovative!

Cons: Needed more critical mass.  SAP to address.
Advice: Keep growing the company as part of SAP
Pros: Fun, fast paced environment.  Sold to SAP

Cons: "Too many layers of middle management"
Advice: None
Pros: "Great flexibility (work from home in general, or when children are sick) which is key as a working parent"

Cons: Not applicable at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. Tons of employee benefits

Cons: Internal policies restrict fair compensation for young talent to advance.
Advice: Invest more in your "early talent".
Pros: Great culture, fantastic intelligent, helpful co-workers

Cons: I don't see any downside from this company at my current position!
Advice: None
Pros: perfect environment to work, great culture!

Cons: remote positions that aren't Sales are difficult to get
Advice: be more open to remote employees
Pros: Great compensation & benefits, great culture, internal opportunities, etc

Cons: None I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, relaxed work environment, great salary and bonus structure. Lots of opportunities for professional development and growth.

Cons: Harder for younger engineers to get cross-trained. Too much separation of duties.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of emphasis put on a work/life balance.

Cons: Layoff merchants. No loyalty to employees
Advice: Slash management as opposed to cutting the lower chain to save cost
Pros: Brand name and that’s about it. Free cafeteria food

Cons: Limited Stock option, low salary increases each year. Old tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: good WL balance, OK compensation, nice people to work with. No push.

Cons: On your own to be successful
Advice: change the comp plan back to a monthly quota instead of yearly
Pros: Good pay, easy to figure it out

Cons: Poor sales operations 
Poor account coordination and engagement
Confusing product strategy
Advice: Customer centricity
Pros: Pay is very competitive
Lots of internal mobility opportunities
Highly recognizable brand

Cons: Work and life balance issues
Advice: Continue on our winning path
Pros: Winning company in the Market
Great Career opportunties

Cons: Bureaucratic, too big, too process centric
Advice: Cut the redundancy for efficiency
Pros: Good employee facilities Good technology

Cons: Career growth is limited as Palo Alto is considered an expensive location
Advice: 
Pros: Job Stability is a big plus during recession times

Cons: Salary levels are not impressive
Advice: None
Pros: Good work - life balance in many teams with the right amount of staffing.

Cons: Actually I can think of none
Advice: Keep up the good work, spend more on innovative products
Pros: Great work culture, great people, good compensation

Cons: Can’t really think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, team atmosphere with others always willing to help out, fun office culture

Cons: not many cons -- maybe difficult to navigate at times
Advice: none
Pros: Forward-thinking, amazing culture, great pay, fantastic benefits, committed to diversity and inclusion

Cons: Patience is a required characteristic when working at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities abound to broaden your experience and grow your career. You need but ask!

Cons: Work life balance a little off, problems aren’t always dealt with in an efficient way
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, and benefits. Managers are helpful but do not micro-manage

Cons: It's so slow you wouldn't want to work there in the beginning years of your career.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a bit slow, you're never stressed out or anything

Cons: Too frequent changes in the leadership and board
Advice: None
Pros: Respect employees and their family situation in the pandemic and allow working from home until mid 2021

Cons: A bit complex but there is a ton of support to help you succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work with really bright people. An empowering place to work.

Cons: Very large organization so sometimes difficult to get your ideas across
Advice: Simplification of the portfolio
Pros: Amazing culture, good benefits, good salary, work life balance

Cons: TQM role can have some cons from pressure perspective. Ratio level of effort/compensation not balanced enough.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP culture, learnings from different industries we support.

Cons: Too many people, very large company
Advice: None
Pros: Best people to work with and they all want to help to see you succeed.

Cons: Actually I can think of none
Advice: Keep up the good work, spend more on innovative products
Pros: Great work culture, great people, good compensation

Cons: Frequent international travel as a consultant.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment. Great benifits. Frequent international travel as a consultant. Good reputation.

Cons: Compensation is just so so , promotions are slow, traing is not useful.
Advice: More creative and keep up to dated
Pros: Slow pace for produt delivery

Cons: Does not have any control over people, too much liberty at times
Advice: Increase the compensation and quality of incoming people
Pros: Good work life balance, good mentoring

Cons: High turnover in cloud sales teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good customer base and predictable revenue.

Cons: Constant changes - sometimes not easily implemented
Advice: None
Pros: Forward thinking strategy, Great People with lots of experience willing to share knowledge

Cons: big changes moving to subscription based model, big data and cloud
Advice: enable employees in the field with webinars of changes
Pros: leading new product and tech info

Cons: Comfort is a factor.  Too many moving parts
Advice: Retain and train your employees
Pros: Learning is unlimited, so many roles to move into

Cons: Processes are cumbersome and budgets are not great to work with
Advice: Needs to be more aligned
Pros: Great team culture, lots of autonomy, good working environment

Cons: Too many people with no value add in high level positions.  Kill you cat for money attitude everywhere.
Advice: relax.
Pros: Good Pay. Some good mid level managers.

Cons: Very little innovation on a day to day basis
Advice: None
Pros: Some SAP teams have started using open source software so its more interesting to develop

Cons: *Sometimes a lack of focus
*Innovation is slow
Advice: None
Pros: *Probably the nicest group of people I have ever worked with.
*Great work-life balance
*Career well supported

Cons: Always changing is both a pro and a con at times. SAP has brought many changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, pay, office/parking, innovations and always changing

Cons: Micro Product Strategy; Leadership Fluctuation; Moral of Long Term SFSF Employees
Advice: None
Pros: Macro Strategy; Internal Opportunities; Ownership Culture; Employee Centric; Not a One Trick Pony

Cons: very big, lots to learn if you’re goal is to be a specialist
Advice: None
Pros: Company is a product leader and innovator. Incredible focus on employees.

Cons: Wish interns had more visibility when switching to full time.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Amazing people!
Great Culture!
Tons of fun!

Cons: Sometimes difficult to reach correct HR individual
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to join communities always available

Cons: Can be an extremely stressful environment
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: free lunch, great benefits, wonderful staff, clean and nice facility, the list goes on

Cons: Can’t think of any cons to be honest.
Advice: None
Pros: Work atmosphere is great. Everyone is so nice and friendly. Company is doing well and great benefits.

Cons: Senior leaders push hard, but are mostly tied to the status quo
Advice: None
Pros: Making a difference in helping the world run better

Cons: Lot of re-orgs and therefore the strategy changes often
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance if you choose to stay long

Cons: slow moving processes, hard to navigate, constant re-orgs
Advice: more diversity at higher levels, please
Pros: work-life balance, great pay and benefits, great colleagues, diversity

Cons: Process oriented which is a product of us being such a large organization
Advice: run simple
Pros: Diversity, Comradery, Great Customers, Fun

Cons: Depends on the team you are in.
Advice: Could have more collaboration with the employees.
Less/No fun tasks.
Pros: Work Environment
People's mindset
Carrier growth
Learning oppurtunities

Cons: Rigid and sometimes confusing processes
Advice: Keep up the great work... and the focus on simplification.  It is working!
Pros: Terrific opportunities; great customer following

Cons: - a bit too process oriented. but has gotten much better in recent years
Advice: None
Pros: - work/life balance
- respect in workplace
- flexible hours

Cons: Management changes seem to be focused on less experienced business leaders
Advice: Look at global leadership besides those in Germany
Pros: Great benefits, salaries and options s

Cons: It's a business; little job security.
Advice: None
Pros: diverse and inclusive culture, fair amount of flexibility with work schedules, free snacks and lunch subsidies

Cons: Hire and layoff policy. Bonus ceiling , Hard to get time of as it impacts bonus
Advice: None
Pros: Moderate benefits , PTO and premium customer

Cons: if you want to improve yourself you need pay more time for studying
Advice: None
Pros: sap have good trainning so it can help you improve your skill

Cons: Can be a little chaotic with the ongoing changes, but the pro's make it worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: Corporate vision, People, Benefits, Training and new product line

Cons: I cannot think of one.
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: The people are a pleasure to work with. Offers true work-life balance.

Cons: Inflexible, expensive, mired in process.
Advice: Try to become nimble like a cloud company.
Pros: Fast paced, constantly evolving, collaborative.  Smart people everywhere who truly care.

Cons: many processes and sometimes difficult to navigate organization
Advice: None
Pros: driven and caring coworkers who are smart and can challenge the status quo

Cons: Managers play favorites and it’s tough to advance financially with 2-3% merit increases.
Advice: Don’t play favorites and make your self available.
Pros: Great work life balance!

Cons: Can be tough for younger talent to break through.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. Fast paced, but everyone is willing to help eachother. Strong leadership and direction.

Cons: Inconsistent changes but not very unusual for technology company
Advice: None
Pros: Great life and work balance

Cons: -Constant re-orgs
-lack of vision
-Not the most exciting space
Advice: None
Pros: -great campus
-great benefits  -free food, vanpool options , health club
-lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Very political environment, you must align with the right individuals in management
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge technology
Good pay and benefits

Cons: Very little innovation on a day to day basis
Advice: None
Pros: Some SAP teams have started using open source software so its more interesting to develop

Cons: None I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, relaxed work environment, great salary and bonus structure. Lots of opportunities for professional development and growth.

Cons: Compared to any other organization there
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great values and great culture.   Great leadership that is vested in success of their people.

Cons: Paid much lower than other internships of the like
Advice: Pay more
Pros: Not much stress working for SAP, given interesting work

Cons: Matrixed organization means it can be challenging to find people willing to step outside their comfort zone
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, great management support

Cons: The  work/life balance policy is not uniformly applied across the various operating units.

Limited career paths.
Advice: None
Pros: Continuous development/learning opportunities.
Excellent compensation, bonus and benefits.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: You have us on the right track for success!
Pros: Great work/life balance, and SAP respects its employees needs.

Cons: subsidiary of a German company; everything was controlled from Walldorf its HQs
Advice: None
Pros: engineering oriented culture, space for personal development

Cons: Inconsistent mgmt philosophies - only as good as the manager
Reorgs - too many
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive compensation
Helpful colleagues
Innovation focused
Care about employee wellbeing

Cons: Siloes like many big companies. Slow to make decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership team, exciting time to work there, flexibility is very good

Cons: Poor work and life balance. Have to have frequent evening meetings with remote teams
Advice: None
Pros: Nice colleagues, and easy to work with.  Stable job.
Free lunch
Flexible working hours

Cons: Doesn't pay as much as other companies in area for same level
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance, can work from home when you want (even before pandemic)

Cons: Good pay but not the best paying employer
Advice: Be competitive in salaries
Pros: Work culture is good. People respect each other's work and schedules

Cons: Compared to other high paying companies, the salary is relatively less.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. 
Utmost respectful work environment
Great learning opportunities 
Fair pay master

Cons: Just the normal disadvantages of all big companies, I guess (hierarchy, speed of change, etc.).
Advice: None
Pros: Global company with tremendous opportunities to develop within.

Cons: Can get better at salary levels for senior employees
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee friendly and helps the employees with good work-life balance

Cons: Many re-orgs (at least once per year)
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely flexible work environment, with top-notch colleagues. Great place to expand your career, and contribute new ideas.

Cons: sometime a group will be laid off for unknow reasons if you are not in Germany
Advice: none
Pros: Salary, Benefits, stock options and great work environment

Cons: Too many new offerings without much thought around how to execute
Advice: Stop putting the cart before the horse
Pros: Unlimited Sick Time
Flexible work shedules
Work remotely

Cons: There arw no Cons its a great place to work and thrive
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance is the best.
People and Management really care for each other

Cons: Organizational complexities and long operational processes
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture and great people to work with. Diversity is extremely important and this enriches the the different teams.

Cons: Big company with a complex operating environment.
Advice: Keep going. Clients need you to be successful.
Pros: Great company going through a transformation. Really cares about clients.

Cons: Limited career advancement. Limited raises as a standard practice.
Advice: Enable more salary increases.
Pros: -Great people
-Good salary
-Great bonus plan
-Great benefits
-Career development
-Excellent vacation time

Cons: change of leadership / plans, lots of bureaucracy, retirement company, slow paced
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, good benefits, great people, lots of growth opportunities

Cons: long hours, travel, high goals
Advice: none
Pros: Great Companyu, people with a lot of potential for future growth

Cons: the job is not so challenge, and salary is low
Advice: None
Pros: Good campus location, nice view, kind people, strong product and solutions

Cons: Can sometimes seems like you are a small fish in a big ocean.
Advice: Reach out to the lower level employees more.
Pros: Tons of resources to leverage your skills.

Cons: If you end up in SAP as MA, then your career is not that great.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work with lots of opportunity to grow.

Cons: Work overload.  Lack of in-depth training.
Advice: Do more intense training and lower the workload.
Pros: Autonomy, training, support of the company.

Cons: Few cons. It has its bureaucracy like any large company however its not crazy
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation Innovation Innovation. Great vision and energy

Cons: No chance of making a difference.  Big company sluggishness at its worst.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, good benefits.  Opportunity to move around and grow individually.

Cons: Slow growth in company. Difficult to switch teams laterally.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is amazing

Cons: did not find any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work at. Lot of new opportunities.New to learn everyday.
balanced life.

Cons: - Compensation can be improved
Advice: None
Pros: - Challenging topics to work for
- Work life balance
- Good end user exposure

Cons: Less impact, less creative freedom, lots of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work options, unlimited sick leave, catered healthy lunches, great benefits overall, stock options

Cons: Sometimes challenging customers may keep you stressed.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great place to work. Great technical knowledge

Cons: If you don't like change....
Advice: Continued Focus on Trust, Engagement, Empathy, Innovation, Simplification, Accountability, Sustainability!
Pros: global, learning, opportunities, rewards, people

Cons: It's a big company. Sometimes difficult to navigate through the layers of people and process.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of facilities, perks, and workplace flexibility.

Cons: Can consider adding shuttle service for bay area employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture - encouraging, accepting and empathetic
Many career opportunities
Competitive compensation and benefits

Cons: maybe the salary is not that nice
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is suitable. The company has its own building for developers. And working here is really amazing.

Cons: Not diverse at all. Great company to advance in if you are white.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and people. Nice atmosphere.

Cons: Management is bad, shot tern vision. No support or work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, Learn allot, multiple career. Benefit and salaries are at the top

Cons: mgmt looks externally for important hires rather than promoting those from within
Advice: promote more from within
Pros: free lunch, diversity, good work/life balance

Cons: Difficult to integrate startup philosophies, drive and work ethic into corporate culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, relaxing culture, independent work culture. No Jerks!

Cons: Management has poor communication, 24/7/365 operation, no flexible hours, cliquey
Advice: Communicate
Pros: Young company culture, competitive benefits, kitchen and beer fridge, unlimited sick days

Cons: large company that is not for everyone
Advice: stick and follow through with strategy
Pros: employee centric company, innovative and leader in the business software space

Cons: So many people that it can sometimes be harder to move up.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee morale. Lots of employees; can make many connections.

Cons: Technical work is driven from Germany, so limited learning here
Advice: Equally distribute the Product ownership
Pros: Work atmosphere is good, and interns also get all benefits

Cons: Have to be self resourceful
Remote Managers
Communications need to be better at the local level
changing work enviroment
Advice: None
Pros: Full service cafeteria
Nice Campus
Diverse workforce
Good Benefits , insurance, discounts
Corporate events

Cons: 1. technique is old, not fast growing
2. New ideas are not acceptable.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Comfortable for work
2 Work life balance, company cares more about employee

Cons: No such downside that affects
Advice: None
Pros: YOU get free lunch, free commute passes, swags, team outings, no work pressure, flexibility of time and WFH

Cons: Needs more diversity in leadership, needs to improve on creating brand awareness
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, cares for employees, culture, mental health awareness

Cons: Sometimes I do miss being in an office.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work 100%
Flexible work schedule
Excellent benefits
Very much empowers you to be your best

Cons: Lack of ongoing accountability at all levels
Advice: Less initiatives.  Focus on a few and do them well
Pros: Strong vision for the future

Cons: Relaxed life...not aware of real innovation..Milking the work done by old R/3 days
Advice: Learn from Saleforce, Google
Pros: Name..Relaxed Life..Good company to retire

Cons: There are too many management levels
Advice: Pay attention to advise or feedback from the employees.
Pros: Many career options, great company, great people!

Cons: - salary on the lower end when compared to similar jobs
Advice: 
Pros: - Work culture is good
- Employee benefits are good

Cons: Glass ceiling for middle management
Advice: 
Pros: Lots of brain power.  True global approach.  Nice people and working conditions.

Cons: No career path; no work life balance
Advice: Provde a career path and consider work life balance
Pros: Good networking relationship can be established

Cons: Low  youth engagement and has big business processes and problems.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and organization to be in. They continue to grow and evolve.

Cons: Too many cooks in the kitchen
Hard to get things done
Advice: Make it easier to understand performance ratings and criteria
Pros: Good salary, bonus
Care about employees

Cons: A lot of politics, multiple systems in place to slow down task execution
Advice: None
Pros: strong autonomy of task execution

Cons: contortionist to get into management - Friends promote friends
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great and everyone is held to account

Cons: Probably needs a varied partnership approaches
Advice: Great ERP core strength - consolidated partnerships model
Pros: deep enterprise &amp; industry knowledge

Cons: Re-orgs, lack of standardized processes, no clear strategy
Advice: Focus on SAP internally, fix internal system, stop frequent re-orgs.
Pros: Incredible benefits, awesome culture, never gets boring!

Cons: I can't think of any cons to working at SAP.
Advice: Keep up the great work!!
Pros: Compensation, benefits, work life balance, trustworthy, transparency

Cons: Speed and effectiveness of integrating acquired companies (operationally and culturally)
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent transparency in keeping all employees informed of company strategy, direction and performance.

Cons: Lack of direction. Too many reorganizations
Advice: Too many emails, too much transparency
Pros: Great Benefits, Flexibility, growth potential

Cons: Gotta hone in on a new niche now and then
Advice: None
Pros: The sheer breadth of the product line and technology base encourage knowledge growth

Cons: Like all big companies, onboarding process can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Positive environment, great employee experience, fair work-live balance, great career development opportunities

Cons: Sometimes too many reorganizations, but that's the only con for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great Management, Great Teams, Global possibilities

Cons: scale of company can hinder efficiency but everyone is a team-player and works well together
Advice: None
Pros: this company is dynamic, evolving, thought leader

Cons: lots of products within the SAP portfolio.
Advice: None
Pros: Peers, innovation, leadership listens to ideas, fun and engaging work, cool office spaces (Fieldglass), flexible work schedules.

Cons: sometimes there are parking space issues.  Long on going  Construction
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, vacation, travel, free lunch, gym, positive environment

Cons: Traffic in the bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Great Workplace Culture
Incredibly innovative company vision
Free lunch everyday
Friendly People
Shuttle services for commuting

Cons: I have no cons to share.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: SAP encourages employees to grow, develop &amp; join different lines of business!

Cons: A lot of your success is based on a good territory.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work for. People are willing to help.

Cons: Execution at times feels like could be handled better
Advice: None
Pros: Culture,  people,  benefits really a great place to work

Cons: Red tape, bureaucracy, no long term vision.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, work-life balance, bonus

Cons: There is really not anything negative to say
Advice: Focus on your purpose by executing against it
Pros: great products and ability to work with partners

Cons: None, zip, zero,  not a single con
Advice: Keep it up! This place is amazing
Pros: To many to list. I love working for Concur

Cons: It’s hard to move up without a sponsor.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. People are very collaborative and supportive. Always willing to help.
2. Great Health benefits

Cons: Very scalable always changing environment many teams globally managing different aspects of projects and technology
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome work/life balance environment, competitive pay opportunity for growth

Cons: I don't see any cons in this company.
Advice: None
Pros: You learn a lot here. 
They use all the latest technologies in the market.

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly and lots of flexibility in work timings.

Cons: No complaints, great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, growth opportunities and great benefits. Hands on training for the position

Cons: Huge company. Sometimes getting things pushed through takes time.
Advice: None
Pros: I work with some brilliant people. The team is amazing and everyone is willing to help.

Cons: Management vs. Leadership (more mangers)
Culturally old fashion 
Slow to change
Young talent has very high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance at the company

Cons: limited growth, comp, key roles based out of Germany. Very limited growth options for other locations
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, benefits, culture

Cons: navigating large organization can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity within discipline and always willing to allow oppty in new discipline with hard work

Cons: I have no cons for SAP
Advice: None
Pros: The SAP culture is the absolute BEST.
Great Team of people to work with within any division.

Cons: Red tape (common at many large companies)
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, great perks (free lunch, free gym, generous maternity/paternity time off), flexible work  environment

Cons: None so far. I really love the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment and colleagues 
Great grow possibilities
Great management and strategy

Cons: - stocks growing slow
- lots of oversea call
Advice: None
Pros: - working environment 
- awesome colleagues
- systematic

Cons: Need to keep up with the dizzying  pace of change... Things are just changing too fast.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People, Great Products, Great Customer!

Cons: Work life balance could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic work environment; very supporting management; encourage ideas &amp; suggestions; life at SAP is like a family.

Cons: West coast leadership tends to be less work/life balance oriented and more demanding.
Advice: drive consistency with leadership
Pros: Very family oriented; work life balance oriented

Cons: Far Too many organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an amazing place with lots of perks and provides a stable environment to work.

Cons: Can't think of any
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible schedule
- Great Benefits
- Management has high expectations of individual contributors, but even higher  expectations of themselves.

Cons: In comparison to other sales gigs, this has to be one of the best.
Advice: None
Pros: If you can sell, you'll get paid very well.

Cons: Limited cross team opportunities
Rigid PERM process for foreigners
Advice: Encourage employees to move cross teams and gain diverse expertise
Pros: Strong core development team
Work Life Balance

Cons: - Leadership is overseas, hard to get a hold of
- Management would make promises they couldn't keep because everything needs to be approved by HQ in Germany
- Management gave me a counter-offer they couldn't honor
Advice: Don't make promises you can't keep
Pros: - Competitive Salary
- Remote flexibility
- Tuition Reimbursement

Cons: Red tape, 
Slow moving, 
Slow progression
Advice: Promote from within and stop parachuting Sr Leaders who add little value.
Pros: Good people, 
good mission, 
good company

Cons: Nothing really. At times work life balance can get strained
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, Vast domain expertise in ERP, Learning and growth options, benefits

Cons: I have no cons to share
Advice: None
Pros: Leader mentality. They want to be first. Great work atmosphere. Visionary leaders. Flexible schedules

Cons: Not much room to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great benefits. Encourage a work/life balance. Not micro-managed. Love the company and my team.

Cons: Not as many early talent people as expected
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, comfortable work/life balance, many internal opportunities, lots of internal networking opportunities

Cons: too many travel weekly Monday to Thursday .
Advice: Treat employee better for the work and life balance.
Pros: Flexible work content and customer facing.Good compensation

Cons: Can't think of a con. Been at SAP almost 10 years. Tenure speaks for itself.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great culture, flexible work

Cons: Complexity (as with any massive company)
Advice: Keep giving opportunities to eager/high performing employees.
Pros: Super smart  people
Great opportunities
Global dynamic 
Top-notch CEO

Cons: horrible worklife, broken corporate culture
Advice: treat employees better
Pros: Decent compensation program, great experience, good benefits

Cons: Enterprise bureaucracy, rigid organization structure
Advice: Keep up good work! And encourage more individual potentials
Pros: Decent and professional work environment, career path development

Cons: Management seems to acknowledge peers that can advance their agenda
Advice: None
Pros: As an employee there are good opportunities for learning, collaboration, innovation

Cons: intense, can only live at this pace for a 5 to 10 year stretch.
Advice: None
Pros: professional, well organized with clear execution

Cons: You have to be specific in one area.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunity  to learn SAP products and good chance to know more big company.

Cons: Competitive environment, not for feint of heart
Advice: Don't be phony.
Pros: Good money if you are lucky to land on a big deal.

Cons: Being part of the parent company SAP has changed the culture.
Advice: eliminate the corporate poltics and treat all employees fair.
Pros: solid technology good HR Systems

Cons: Compensation
Company Politics
German mentality
HR Policies and People Development Opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Meaningful software, lots of interesting projects
Global and Diverse Company
Focus on Women Development

Cons: nothing that I could write
Advice: None
Pros: Being a contractor I was not offered any benefits, but flexible work hours

Cons: wish we had an office in Philadelphia
Advice: None
Pros: Strong focus on equality in the workplace, lunch stipend, employees are trusted

Cons: Benefits are actually very good, but could be a bit better to match with the rest that is superior
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, office facilities,

Cons: Too many cooks in the kitchen
Hard to get things done
Advice: Make it easier to understand performance ratings and criteria
Pros: Good salary, bonus
Care about employees

Cons: Not a very efficient company
Too many underperformers
Advice: Better pay for performance mechanisms
Pros: Good work/life balance
Free lunch
Good benefits

Cons: Ther are no cons that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Work Satisfaction, Freedom PTO, Friendly Managment

Cons: Political culture in upper management.  Limited senior management roles for those not politically connected.
Advice: None
Pros: People are great, global work environment

Cons: There is not much new projects to work on in the team
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good work/life balance. teammates are very friendly and helpful

Cons: 1) too much travel....
2) need more work flexibility
Advice: more work / life balance...
Pros: 1) lots of new opportunities
2) Good work environment
3)

Cons: Too complex, too many systems, too many layers of management.
Advice: None
Pros: Progressive, super nice people, good work life balance.

Cons: I can't think of any at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Plateau system was a great place to work.  A great start up operation that encourage learning and team work.

Cons: lack of career growth if you are in USA.
Advice: None.
Pros: Compensation is good. Benefits are good.

Cons: Processes, systems, and people need to be ready for this switch
Advice: None
Pros: Great time for company that is evolving from on-premise to cloud

Cons: Limited cross team opportunities
Rigid PERM process for foreigners
Advice: Encourage employees to move cross teams and gain diverse expertise
Pros: Strong core development team
Work Life Balance

Cons: Politics and management are awful
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers are nice and chill, easy to work with

Cons: age structure, over 50% employees are over 40 years old. Need more new blood
Advice: None
Pros: colleagues are nice and good management

Cons: a bit bureaucratic, large corporation
Advice: None
Pros: very good extras: health insurance, retirement, vacation
amazing customers to work with

Cons: Culture and continuity in leadership
Advice: Need clear execution of strategy and vision
Pros: Excellent benefits and opportunity, strong values

Cons: I have not seen any
Advice: None
Pros: Provides a great platform to work, great people and continuous learning . Excellent Managers to support

Cons: Sometimes its hard to find the right person(s) to answer questions completely.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Vision; Good Execution; Fantastic impact/value for customers. Great Benefits. Great People!

Cons: Hard to get to know your colleagues as most people work remote
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, flexible work time

Cons: Tedious work. Cold calling gets old fast
Advice: Keep doing what youre doing
Pros: Excellent culture, easygoing managers who want to help you succeed. Fast promotions!

Cons: Can get bad manager, choose wisely.
Advice: Don't withhold or hide details about job duties.
Pros: Good benefits and PTO.  Working with smart, solid coworkers.

Cons: sometimes bureaucratic in making changes
Advice: keep listening to the customer and employees.
Pros: Nice place to work, great culture, market driven to customer needs.

Cons: Org changes, lack of diversity on board management
Advice: None
Pros: SAP values the needs of employees outside of work, and provides ample resources

Cons: advancement opportunities, constant change of direction
Advice: Do it because you should, not because a competitor did.
Pros: work/life balance, office environment, people

Cons: Too bureaucratic. Too much leadership is based in Germany at the company HQ.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People. Exciting projects. Constant change. Lots of interesting opportunities

Cons: Focus is a problem
Tech debt
hard for company to do big things
Advice: None
Pros: Probably some of the nicest people I've ever worked with.
Treat's employees well
Work-life balance

Cons: it is a high octane performance environment, not necessarily a con if that's what you are looking for
Advice: None
Pros: good people, good pay, good opportunities

Cons: Lots of processes, many global teams which causes delays due to timezones
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, good pay, friendly culture

Cons: Can be overworked but expected
Advice: None
Pros: Even if you aren’t crazy about your role, you’ll love the company and how they treat you!

Cons: Not too many growth opportunity after the initial period. US is deemed as high cost location
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of focus on Early Talent, good support

Cons: Cloud jobs are mainly clustered around high cost centers, such as Palo Alto
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive environment working with great colleagues

Cons: I don't have any negative things to say.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great teamwork, opportunities for advancement, and great management team as well.

Cons: None. It has been one of the best career decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place, good work life balance, great salary and fantastic people.

Cons: - high pressure job
- travel round the year
Advice: None
Pros: - Customer focused
- Strong sales teams
- big budgets to support sales function

Cons: - Ok Salary
- Take forever to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: - Great WLB
- Really good team culture and opportunities 
- Free lunch, Gym and other facilities

Cons: Cross-team, cross-country communication
Limited opportunities to advance outside headquarters
Advice: Foster motivation of workforce
Pros: Job responsibilities
Open company culture
Motivated, skilled employees
Access to information
Customer contact

Cons: Too engineering driven
Legacy and boring products
Advice: -
Pros: Nice people, a little dynamic culture compared to competitors
Global brand
Diversified culture
Decent benefits

Cons: There are no cons to working for SAP America.
Advice: 
Pros: Great pay and lots of fun.

Cons: Requires a lot of work.
Advice: 
Pros: Amazing opportunity to learn. Pays very well. Working with the best of SAP skills in the world.

Cons: strong network to move up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader, many opportunities to work on key technologies, enterprise applications and successful customers.. friendly colleagues and good work life balance

Cons: work-life balance is good, but not good for personal growth, as cloud is hot today
Advice: None
Pros: Not much pressure, reasonable compensation

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and friendly environment. Managers wanted to do everything to help interns learn and grow.

Cons: Travel can be significant based on the role
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with strong customer focus and appreciation for diversity

Cons: Sometimes the internal processes can be more complicated than necessary
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Culture, benefits, strong financially, great leaders

Cons: - Very low pay compared bay area standards
- Boring, outdated work 
- No latest technologies used in products
- Very bad green card policy
Advice: If you can't pay like your piers then consider moving out of bay area
Pros: Good work life balance and free lunch. Nothing else.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with excellent benefits and endless opportunities.  Comprehensive training is second to none.

Cons: Too many organizations that face up with the client
Advice: More focus on P/L at the program level
Pros: Respect for employees as individuals

Cons: Large companies can be a blt difficult to navigate
Advice: Great job by management
Pros: Awesome culture, lots of autonomy to do your job

Cons: Does not do H1 within US . Very rarely.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has large number of products . So get to learn new things

Cons: need to be flexible with time to work with teams spread across the globe
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for professional development

Cons: Cant think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing. They truly care about you're well being and overall success.

Cons: Lack of work life balance
Everything is communicated through presentations
Highly matrixed work relationships and departments
Advice: None
Pros: Strong financial performance by company assures job secuirty

Cons: Somewhat disorganized and lots of changes at the management level.
Advice: get it together
Pros: Great products - smart people - good work life balance

Cons: Difficult culture to navigate as the company is so large.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits.  Lots of job opportunities internally.

Cons: De-centralized, consensus culture goes too slow. German worker unions slow down innovation.
Advice: Get more innovation out of Germany
Pros: Great customers. Smart people. Good comp.

Cons: Learning is very minimum after a couple of years. Depends on the team
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great

Cons: lots of benefits depending on manager, diversity in management
Advice: more diversity in management needed
Pros: pro employee, open minded, different opportunities

Cons: Having to go home ;)
Advice: Keep up the awesome leadership
Pros: Diversity, awesome culture, new ideas and ways of doing things are encouraged

Cons: SAP increase in internal diversity at all levels would be suggested
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a power force in the industry with the highest innovations.

Cons: Company is getting very big.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: Great people and work culture. Balance between laid back and serious.

Cons: like any other big companies
Advice: keep up the good work and vision
Pros: work life balance is great

Cons: Too many reorgs and mid-management instability.
Advice: None
Pros: Great, stable business. Management cares about employee satisfaction. Lots of traveling, always business class and good benefits.

Cons: Was acquired for SAP and the SF culture diluted in the new company
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work, and very competitive environment

Cons: Many incapable executives whose energies are focusing on protect their own jobs.
Advice: clean up the house
Pros: leader in application software ERP, SCM.

Cons: sometimes hard to advance; bonus policies don't promote good team dynamics
Advice: None
Pros: open office culture, flexible schedules, international, good vacation policies

Cons: Bonus system needs to be improved to match work ethic!
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance; Benefits; and great culture!

Cons: Given the size, it's challenging to move up in role
Advice: None
Pros: It is fun and offers a lot of interesting projects

Cons: Strategic Account territories were not well thought out in 2013.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, services and people

Cons: Not a "con", but you do have to want to work hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent salary, benefits, perks, atmosphere, training, development, etc.

Cons: Advances in career can be limiting when you do not have proper sponsorship
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity for change in roles with constant innovation

Cons: Climbing up in ladder is tough
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, Good environment, Strong road map on future technology

Cons: No desire to address the systemic issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work from home.

Cons: We are all expendable at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people across the whole organization.

Cons: - repetitive tasks due to less innovative environment.
- frequently changing strategies
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers great benefits, and also encourages work-life balance.

Cons: Nothing from my perspective.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is good and the benefits are great.

Cons: Some systems/processes are difficult to navigate through
Advice: Management/leadership, pretty down to earth
Pros: Great work/life balance in the company

Cons: Hard to move internally in the company and not many functional jobs available
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for engineers and tech specialist

Cons: Vertical Growth opportunities are limited
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company Culture and Work Life Balance

Cons: Minimal - nothing that's a deal breaker
Advice: None
Pros: Humane, authentic leaders
Sophisticated, supportive colleagues
Rich benefits package
Socially responsible firm
Top notch technology

Cons: Too large and a bit hard to maneuver
Advice: Reward those who do well
Pros: Stable with substantial benefits. Empowers employees to become better

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture on the floor. Everyone wants you to succeed. Endless Opportunities

Cons: Very large organizations are not as nimble as smaller ones.
Advice: None
Pros: I love SAP especially for it's commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Cons: consistent organizational changes, career growth difficult in some units
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, great colleagues, ability to move around the company

Cons: Nothing to really report that's bad
Advice: Keep the talent you have!
Pros: SAP has your back with pivoting career paths

Cons: Slowing pace for executing the decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Market Leading ERP Enterprise Solutions

Cons: Bad product strategy which keeps changing
Advice: None
Pros: good wlb, rest and vest mindset prevalent around the engineering orgs.

Cons: Less chance to make an impact
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and high job secure

Cons: Higher Management is constantly shifting company's vision
Advice: None
Pros: Great for individual contributor and Work life balance

Cons: No competitive pay, No work in latest technologies even though it is in Sillicon Valley
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance, good team culture.

Cons: Slow-paced and not good for entry-level engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is great. The workload is not too heavy.

Cons: -Low on salary in comparison to other companies of same scale
Advice: None
Pros: -Good work-life balance
-Positive and productive working culture
-Professional employees

Cons: Opportunities for advancement are rare
Advice: Keep focus and execute well on the Cloud First strategy
Pros: SAP has great culture and benefits

Cons: Sometimes slow to change. Can be bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Really take care of the people working there. Best products in the marketplace.

Cons: Organizational chaos at times, getting better
Advice: None
Pros: Good company overall to cruise. Internal groups and people are happy to help

Cons: No cons for me here! Work culture was really great.
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with an amazing team.
Lots to learn and develop skills.

Cons: 1. ABAP is hard to use with a lot of restrictions and limitations.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Flexible working hour
2. Independent working environment focus on technology

Cons: Since Concur was acquired by SAP the culture is becoming more profit driven and less customer focused.
Advice: None
Pros: People are great to work with

Cons: For a multinational company, the board of directors too heavily weighted by one country
Advice: None
Pros: A corporate culture that cares for its employees

Cons: There are some groups dominated by one nation people and full of politices.
Advice: None
Pros: Have good life work balance in some groups

Cons: still Germanic culture, very poor integration of acquistions
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, smart people, good core product acquistion strategy is questionable

Cons: Very bureaucratic and rigid processes to navigate thru.
Advice: Simplify interal processes
Pros: Takes good care of employees and lay offs are far and few even in a down economy.

Cons: Very bureaucratic and rigid processes to navigate thru.
Advice: Simplify interal processes
Pros: Takes good care of employees and lay offs are far and few even in a down economy.

Cons: Travel, bonus structure, sales people look out for themselves
Advice: None
Pros: Close to the technology, easy to pick up on the latest SAP technology, good people

Cons: Poor work life balance for consultants
Advice: HR needs to develop cross training programs so employees can transfer between the various organizations.
Pros: Above average Benefits, Pay, IT infrastructure

Cons: Detailed, lengthy processes to bring products, etc. to market
Advice: None
Pros: Great marketing, excellent white papers and sales tools

Cons: none that i have found
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and great place to learn

Cons: Not Open enough,  sometime too serious, people is afraid of asking question
Advice: More Open
Pros: Work-Life Balance,  Great People to work with

Cons: still integrating acquisitions ,  growing pains
Advice: None
Pros: Strong entrepreneurial environment where you can be creative with new service offerings and solutions for clients.

Cons: Growth is a bit stunted if you're young
Advice: Invest in the younger employees.
Pros: Lots of autonomy and flexibility 
Friendly colleagues
Great benefits

Cons: Lots of teleconferencing with a team dispersed all over the world
Advice: None
Pros: Professional hard working team with big ideas and capital

Cons: The job itself. In my two years of working, I didn't enjoy a Single Day.
Advice: Please for God's sake try to make life bearable for the employess
Pros: None. Unless you like meaningless politics ,  sucking upto managements and do meaningless work. Pay is Ok.

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture on the floor. Everyone wants you to succeed. Endless Opportunities

Cons: Nothing that i can think of .
Advice: None
Pros: The best place to work, wonderful benefits, awesome work-life balance and the bonus is incredible.

Cons: Not so many , Still to explore
Advice: SAP can beat any hyperscalers.
Pros: Strong Customers and Employee Focus , Fair practices

Cons: Haven't found one yet, really enjoy the collaborative and supportive nature of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, transparent and supportive management.

Cons: Multitasking. A lot on your plate at once.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and culture. A lot of growth.

Cons: No cons while working here, great place!
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, compensation, team mates

Cons: We have had a lot of reorganizations in the last 2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Company offers stock purchase options with a match.

Cons: high expectations and onboarding is sometimes a sink or swim.
Advice: None
Pros: They really try to do right by the employee

Cons: Huge company that is slow moving, hesitant to adapt
Advice: None
Pros: Global clout, good benefits, recently was more open about pay structure.

Cons: Very big company and can feel overwhelming at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great comp plan with plenty of opportunities to develop and grow.

Cons: large organization and sometimes it is a bit complex
Advice: None
Pros: Very Flexible and very inclusive organization

Cons: too micromanagement and lack of quality work
Advice: None
Pros: good facility and office. Good perks and free lunch

Cons: The innovation of company is not as rapid as Silicon valley pace.
Advice: None
Pros: the company give a lot of flexibility to work.

Cons: It has lot of processes to get the ball moving forward
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a good work life bance

Cons: Not many but salary could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits
Great work environment

Cons: Management unaware of area. German based.
Advice: Put people in charge that know the area and job.
Pros: Big company. More assured bonuses. Higher salary.

Cons: Very slow and not very fast to adopt new technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits and Insurance , good work life balance.

Cons: As a consultant, travel too much
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment and nice people to work with. Work life balance is good.

Cons: Fast paced.  Can be high stress at times.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of growth opportunity.  Great pay and benefits.

Cons: Need more user friendly technology to get your work done efficiently .
Advice: None
Pros: Manage your own business.
Strong management that listens.

Cons: Large company so complex and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance; strong benefits; supportive leadership; meaningful work

Cons: Work demands too much time outside of work hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Great Management. Forward Thinking. Fast Paced.

Cons: Strategy in constant motion and continuous organizational change
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, good pay and great benefits.  Great teammates and easy commute.

Cons: Inexperienced management tends to destroy team cohesion. Company culture is disappearing.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great.

Cons: Not that I am aware of.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Remote positions and a lot of opportunities for side projects.

Cons: Some cooworkers are not suitable for the job, including managers. Lack of insight, leadership, and support.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible time, and includes lunch

Cons: Low base salary compared to the other bay area companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Just like any company that has been acquired, the vision changes.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of smart people to work with.

Cons: Having your voice heard since it is such a large company
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and great benefits

Cons: Pressure to close deals sometimes is stressful but part of the business
Advice: None
Pros: Very intelligent co-workers and supportive management, flexibility, upward mobility

Cons: Should make SAP CRM and E-commerce solution more seriously
Advice: None
Pros: Great workers, great work environment, autonomous.

Cons: The processes should be simplified.
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly environment to work for. People are very helpful. Good work-life balance.

Cons: sometimes too bureaucratic to get things done
Advice: see Cons
Pros: large company and wide variety of projects

Cons: too big. if you are not working in the right team hard to get promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance and free lunch.

Cons: really large, older workforce, sometimes you don't know how what you do relates to the overall strategy
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits, great people

Cons: Emerging Cloud company. Lot of potential growth in the Cloud Area.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for. Developer Friendly.

Cons: there is a lot of overlap as employees tend to work in silos
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic, global company with strong leadership

Cons: At times very big and bureaucratic organization.
Advice: Pay attention to employees, do not micro-manage
Pros: New initiatives are encouraged, possibilities for career advancement.

Cons: Difficult to navigate through matrix organizations
Advice: Bring license and services sales teams together to deals
Pros: Good corporate strategy and vision

Cons: Depending where you commute from there is a lot of traffic in Silicon Valley
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, flexibility, and amazing people!

Cons: Limited guidance for growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, work remote, good benefits. Encourage work/live balance and for everyone to have a purpose.

Cons: - bought out by SAP so company is more regulated and less flexible
Advice: Keep the culture strong
Pros: - flexible hours
- fun environment

Cons: Lots of US vs Germany politics.  $/hr vs results-oriented in software development.

Check-box attitude to diversity.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, decent benefits.  Nice stock programs.

Cons: salary, work area is not stable
Advice: None
Pros: work, life balance, great office, colleague are nice, have good lunch, free drink, good teamwork,

Cons: Some teams have really good work but not all.
Advice: None
Pros: -Great place to work
-Work-life balance
-The team I worked in have lot of opportunities.

Cons: being in a large corporation means large corporation workflows and rules
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, development opportunities, good benefit package

Cons: I see no downsides to working at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: It is truly a great company!!!  I love everything about my job!!

Cons: -big company bureaucracy makes it difficult to get decisions/approvals
Advice: None
Pros: -charismatic and inspirational CEO
-good work/life balance
-good benefits
-free lunch

Cons: Can be a political work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, low stress and good work life balance

Cons: The work can sometimes be extremely difficult and stressful.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: Great benefits, Superb upper management, great co-workers

Cons: Larger than the normal company (100,000+ employees)
Advice: None
Pros: Great company - they care about their employees

Cons: Board Diversity and outside talent in top management
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is dedicated to helping customers achieve Digital Transformation

Cons: - Management driven employee policies/entitlements not HR driven
Advice: None
Pros: - Care about Employees
- Good Pay
- Free Lunch 
- 401 Benefits
- Other Benefits

Cons: Less competitive compensation package with similar jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Good team synergy
Good benefit package
Good company culture and value

Cons: No cons as such for me.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has a lot of areas for personal growth. Great Worklife banalnce.

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy makes it difficult to implement new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership on the individual teams, good coworkers

Cons: complex organization structures - hard to find your way around
Advice: None
Pros: international presence and industry leading tech solutions

Cons: Not a lot of opportunity unless you’re German
Advice: None
Pros: Good balance, lots of vacation days. Not a lot of pressure

Cons: - Org changes
- Germany favored over US
- Expense reporting
Advice: None
Pros: - Kind people
- Ok to disagree
- Serious about feedback
- Opportinity for growth

Cons: LOTS of competitors with much cheaper offerings but still quality solutions.
Advice: Keep investing in the employees,.
Pros: Great culture, great solution, invest in employees.

Cons: it is a large organization with limited space for entrepreneurship
Advice: None
Pros: honest leadership, clear goals, good compensation, room for advancement

Cons: No work / life balance as not always you can get days off
Advice: None
Pros: A very good workplace to be at

Cons: Too big and too complex to be nimble in the business
Advice: None
Pros: Best brand name in the industry

Cons: Large company, red tape, somewhat slow moving due to internal policy
Advice: None
Pros: Training, technology, culture, Human Resources, Marketing support

Cons: Global Travel could be a lot at times.
Advice: None
Pros: I really enjoyed my time at sap. It is a well run company.

Cons: Tough climb to the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Love the Tech.

Cons: There is not much growth plan for the team.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a solid program for protecting software maintenance business.

Cons: Don't see any negative points worth mentioning. Only positive feedback.
Advice: Keep rolling out High Quality Products
Pros: Working on cutting edge products

Cons: slow, takes a long time to get internal teams to do what you need
Advice: None
Pros: secure, very stable place to work

Cons: All White Males at Leadership levels
Advice: Promote women and get rid of the boys club
Pros: Could have an OK career.

Cons: There is a process for everything.
Advice: Learn how to support employees during re-org changes.
Pros: Stable company with many career growth opportunities.

Cons: organizations within SAP very siloed
Advice: None
Pros: ability to change positions, personal job growth, good work/life balance, positive atmosphere with management team

Cons: Workload are not equal among different groups, yet the return are almost the same.
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch and stable job

Cons: Too many products competing with each other with confusing sales strategy
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits with a focus on trying to do the right thing

Cons: Have not found.Most teams allow working from home. Sometimes not good for teamwork.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, and easy work model.

Cons: Sometimes you get lost in the corporate politics
Advice: None
Pros: Availability to Work independently and use your creativity

Cons: Lot of pressure from customer with short implementation cycle
Advice: Need to change consulting organizational structure
Pros: Good learning experience at all level

Cons: Heavy heavy workload, you don't want to take PTO the workload is so heavy.  Not organized.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, unlimited PTO, training.

Cons: not much growth opportunities for Temp staff.
Advice: None
Pros: good and relaxed environment, lot of benefits for Permanent employee

Cons: Its a very big company and is tough to transition
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company with endless growth.  Great Place to Learn

Cons: LOTS of competitors with much cheaper offerings but still quality solutions.
Advice: Keep investing in the employees,.
Pros: Great culture, great solution, invest in employees.

Cons: Hard to climb up or over to other industries
Advice: None
Pros: Strong work life balance, competitive salary, perks during pandemic

Cons: mostly a corporate political environment and it really is who you know and networking is essential.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, remote, learning, friendly coworkers

Cons: Pay is not all the best.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot from seniors that are ahead of you. 
Comfortable work environment, everyone is friendly.

Cons: Non cons just a basic sales environment. No complaints on my end
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome fun to work at and great leadership. Great pay

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, but normal for 100k+ employee org.
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues
Good work/life balance, probably the best of any tech company
Great compensation

Cons: Long hours, specially during end of Q.
Advice: Great management
Pros: Great benefits. Good Work/life balance. Very good pay. Inclusive work place.

Cons: Can’t think of any at the moment
Advice: Keep promoting work/life balance
Pros: Great leadership team, constant feedback to grow, and amazing people

Cons: Less pay
Work quality depends on team
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance
Work from home pre COVID times &amp; complete remote work post COVID
Shares

Cons: Big organization and multiple Matrix Reporting Structure
Advice: Continue the stellar progress~
Pros: Good Company with Innovative Products and Supporting Services

Cons: Long process to get ideas to execution
Advice: Make ideating and execution easier
Pros: Opportunity, Learning, Network, Manager, Role

Cons: Can be difficult to work across business units and countries.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and culture. Good management through all levels.

Cons: There were honestly no cons.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Amazing employee culture and fast growth potential.

Cons: Competing product strategy within SAP 
Too often change in senior leadership
Too many silos
Advice: None
Pros: Great emphasis on Diversity
Lot of career opportunities

Cons: Duplicate functions, silos, work-life balance
Advice: Too many levels of management
Pros: Diversity, purpose, benefits, lots of nice people

Cons: None, everything was amazing at all levels
Advice: None
Pros: Perfect in every way. Culture, Development, Personal Growth, Career and work life balance.

Cons: not a lot of room for growth, at least in my team
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is good

Cons: Too harsh management so tone that down
Advice: More work life balance required
Pros: Good culture overall no issues pls

Cons: Tons of bureaucracy and nepotism, ancient technologies
Advice: Be more agile before you disappear
Pros: Stable, safe, professional work atmosphere

Cons: i cannot think of anything i can complain about
Advice: None
Pros: It is the place place to work. Values employees so much

Cons: Technology stack is very specific to SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice company, location is good, perks like free food

Cons: not much cons that I can say, overall a great company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours, divers environment

Cons: Needs to offer better tools for training
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - Great place to work

Cons: not applicable. a great place to work at
Advice: None
Pros: excellent work culture and work life balance. one of the greatest ceo

Cons: less money; kind of lay back compare to other startups;
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work life balance; nice tech stack; great opportunity;

Cons: multi level management corporate environment
management not in tune with employees
Advice: None
Pros: large company with many departments

Cons: Legacy code. Restructuring from SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB, work from home culture on fridays.

Cons: Waves of consolidations.
Large company and therefore sometimes hard to find the right resources.
Advice: More communications
Pros: Opportunities to move around.
Work from home.

Cons: So many issues and too little time
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic; constructive; heart &amp; sould in the right place

Cons: no clear path QA mindset
Advice: None
Pros: good cloud product 
trying to use new technology

Cons: Too many layers. Fewer oppotunities to prove your mettle.Too much travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Employer. Abundant learning options. Innovative and always upgrading.

Cons: Growth as an individual might look very slow
Advice: None
Pros: No work pressure no pressure of job security

Cons: Too many non-valued added requests from management
Advice: None
Pros: If you are a consultant, it is best to work for the software company

Cons: Shortsightedness when things get tough
Advice: Invest for the long term; try to retain the best talent
Pros: Innovative work is being done

Cons: vacation is below average. they sand bag you on the salary and hours. claim to be veteran friendly but are not. micro manage everything and have some crazy joint decision process.
Advice: stop micro managing and hire people that have govt expereince
Pros: could not think of any

Cons: Learning a robust system can be overwhelming at first
Advice: None
Pros: Great Opportunity with a stable company, constant learning, IT

Cons: Lack of new technology to work on
Advice: Doing a good job, keep it up!!
Pros: Extremely Employee Friendly, Good Work Life Balance

Cons: scrum meeting takes too much time and becoming a routine, not too effective.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible working hours and location, great benefit.

Cons: If you don't like constant change, this isn't the place for you
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for a huge variety of interesting work

Cons: SAP is growing so fast that sometimes employees are not fully informed about the changes.
Advice: None
Pros: benefits and work life are above expectations

Cons: - Quarterly driven
- Management pushes for inflated pipeline
- Unattainable targets
Advice: Keep it real
Pros: - Lot to sell
- Good customer base

Cons: - Work during school year
Advice: None
Pros: - Lunch per diem 
- Relax atmosphere 
- Good benefits 
- Exposure to multiple departments

Cons: Travel and middle level management
Advice: Midddle level management is incompetent.
Pros: Product company, good benefits, opportunities to work in different industries.

Cons: Great organizational complexity and alignment and execution challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: Great depth and breadth of products / capabilities in the portfolio.

Cons: sometimes working for a large company can also be a negative.
Advice: None
Pros: German company, nice colleagues, my manager is excellent, good benefits

Cons: Slow. Very beuqacratic place with working with German style. Not innovative in mindset.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly. Good work life balance

Cons: There are no development discussions and no where to go internally.
Advice: None
Pros: Virtual office makes work/life balance excellent.

Cons: None I can think of.  Can improve food quality in cafe.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and place to work for.

Cons: Slow career growth and not getting a chance to work on latest technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and employee benefits

Cons: Sometimes you can be given unrealistic expectations when completing your role.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a ton of support if you get stuck.

Cons: workload can be heavy but manageable - no other issues
Advice: None
Pros: excellent pay, work from home and benefits

company makes you feel valued

Cons: Very little ambition in my team
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits such as meal vouchers, flexibility to work from office/home, no stress

Cons: No concerns No concerns No concerns
Advice: None
Pros: Employee perks, Culture, People, work life balance, great opportunities

Cons: The German culture is very different and their corporate bonus plan pays the employees once a year.
Advice: There is a great chance of initiatives being driven and executed with SAP if the company decided not to be a consensus driven organization.
Pros: There are a lot of very intelligent people.

Cons: too redundancy of postirions in company
Advice: innovation is the key and transparency to the employees
Pros: Growth Potential is strong for employees

Cons: None that I can put a finger on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Energy
Enthusiastic people who are willing to give their all in what they do.
Tremendous opportunity for growth.
Highly encouraging leadership team.

Cons: Feeling of getting lost in crowd. Good work goes unnoticed
Advice: Keep all the good work & execute current vision
Pros: Good benefits. Exciting new productline

Cons: Independently need to study and do research
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of chances to learn new tech

Cons: Organizational changes seem to be overly excessive
Advice: Stay focused on filling mgmt slots with qualified individuals
Pros: Compensation is within industry range

Cons: Focus on people development should be improved.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company with very good benefits. Working culture and atmosphere is awesome.

Cons: It's OK here, not too much to complain.
Advice: None
Pros: The team work sprit is running well in SAP.

Cons: Building a consistent culture across in a large company is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Really solid on core business values.

Cons: Complex and global company with an unclear path to a successful cloud transition
Advice: None
Pros: Large and global company with great customers

Cons: Option plan for employee is not very attactive
Advice: Provide better option plan to employees
Pros: Great working place and culture

Cons: German middle management are in the same jobs far too long.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Strong Pay, Strong culture and peers.

Cons: no cons as per my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice work culture as per my experience

Cons: Let's get back onto the office 2021.
Advice: Keep on going and TY.
Pros: Team, pay, caring, invested in people, ability to grow.

Cons: Difficulty moving with agility in highly matrixed organizations
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace culture, amazing benefits, flexible working policy, emphasis on employee development

Cons: constant changing GTM strategy and in recent years lost some great leaders
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start your sales career

Cons: SAP's can be a pretty big place to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: SAP does its best to treat people like people

Cons: lack of structure within the roles
Advice: None
Pros: positive culture, great coworkers, benefits are solid and company cares about their employees

Cons: Not a lot of opportunities for upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture was great and colleagues are very helpful and supportive

Cons: Work life integration has been tough during Covid in a customer facing role
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, encouraging of exploring other positions within SAP

Cons: All companies have issues but SAP takes care of their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company, great place to work!

Cons: Not the swiftest when it comes to change
Advice: None
Pros: Great company for long term career growth

Cons: The products, no innovation, very old school for a tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, 15 vacation days, 5 days of PTO

Cons: Too many reorgs and changes in business strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and benefits with an open, flexible, autonomous, and supportive work environment.

Cons: very large company, easy to get lost in.
Advice: provide managers with more people management training
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Sometimes you can feel like you are on your on and on and island
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company and people are great

Cons: Slow to adapt to change. Internal processes very bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, and excellent management. Good compensation and benefits.

Cons: integration of new employees
complex approval process
very bureaucratic
a lot of admin work
Advice: begeleiding van nieuwe medewerkers
Pros: salary
high performing organization Belux
nice colleagues

Cons: - Old tech stack
- Code monkeys, nothing new or special
Advice: None
Pros: - Laid back work environment 
- Easy to cruise through

Cons: Development organization had uncertain direction
Advice: Work to understand customer needs; listen much more
Pros: Very well focused sales organization and sales process

Cons: Dispersed teams present challenges to collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, commitment to sustainability, promotion of diversity, customer centric approach

Cons: Lack of diversity at the Executive level
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home flexibility
Good benefits
Great teamwork with colleagues and coworkers

Cons: Not enough diverse employees, however, they are actively working on this.
Advice: None
Pros: They have great benefits, and awesome people!

Cons: Many reorgs/restructures which create confusion on overall direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Exellent Benefits, Job Flexibility, Inclusion and Diversity.

Cons: complex corporate structure, information overload
Advice: Streamline processes, simplify the corporate structure, simplify uppermanagement
Pros: No micro-managing, friendly people, flexible work schedule options

Cons: Lower salary in the Bay Area relative to competitor
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance, the food is good

Cons: Hard to move up because of internal clogging
Advice: Software Engineer
Pros: Lot of opportunities to learn but internal clogging is rampant

Cons: more competition for every role
Advice: nothing
Pros: opportunities are huge for the professional growth

Cons: Siloed Departments, Poor Inter-Department Communication
Advice: Work cohesively with other departments.
Pros: PTO, Sick Policy, Maternity Leave, Work Life Balance, Management

Cons: Hard to source opportunity beyond your first
Advice: Think younger
Pros: Not the worst place to work

Cons: Very big IT company, change management could be faster although it has improved
Advice: None
Pros: Great flexibility for the employee

Cons: Not always an opportunity to transfer into a full time position
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Ability to work remotely

Cons: i don't see any at this point
Advice: None
Pros: Employee engagement, Team support, company benifits

Cons: Just like any large organization, it's easy to get lost in the mass
Advice: None
Pros: They actually care about their employees

Cons: Depending on department you work in, could have limited chances for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Working Schedule
Good pay
Promotes Work/Life Balance
Good vacation/PTO

Cons: Big can mean slow sometimes
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Frantastic innovative company
Strong CEO
Strong balance statement
Good work life balance
Good pay

Cons: Very large company, don't always know who's who.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work - pay, benefits, people, culture, etc.

Cons: Very few openings round the year
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous opportunities, Great work culture

Cons: Sometimes it is stressful when it comes with a deadline.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice PTO programs and benefits.

Cons: Complex sales structure makes it difficult to execute
Advice: Simplify sales coverage model
Pros: Strong solution offerings differentiated well vs the competition

Cons: I don't see anything downsizing of working in SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work.  Good work life balance.

Cons: Management was inconsistent and not professional.
Advice: Be more transparent
Pros: Psy and benefits were good

Cons: Limited innovation, complicated product, but overall it’s great!!
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, free food, oppotunity for design

Cons: Demanding and challenging work (not quite a con though)
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and Benefits are generous
Great work atmosphere
Thorough training

Cons: Location in Palo Alto
Pay is ok, not great.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. 3 weeks off + 5 personal days.

Cons: Tight dead lines for projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great medical, dental and vision. Good 401k match. Discounted share purchase plan. Decent vacation policy.

Cons: Company is growing, SAP ownership changes things
Advice: None
Pros: the culture and people were great, and the tasks were enjoyable. Work/life balance

Cons: No cons to add ..
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. Very professional. Good benefits and salary.

Cons: Far from the city, hard to get to
Advice: keep on being amazing
Pros: Amazing work place, great people, open atmosphere

Cons: Lack of clarity in higher management decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and good work life balance. Plenty of learning opportunities.

Cons: -need to include more new technologies
-more training to employees
Advice: -add products on new technologies
Pros: -work life balance
-good salary
-good hikes
-great campus

Cons: - Very customer oriented
- Lacks Escalation route
Advice: - Please be available to the team.
Pros: - Open culture
- Technology company
- Good client base

Cons: after some time life becomes monotonous over here.
Advice: None
Pros: work culture is something you can survive here for lifetime.

Cons: Tech landscape is constantly changing, keeping up with future strategy
Advice: None
Pros: Leaders in technology and strive for work life balance

Cons: many direct reports.  pressure to deploy consultants
Advice: Be clear on strategic direction
Pros: you get to grow and develop talent

Cons: nothing to report as such at this time.
Advice: keep taking good care of employees.
Pros: great employee benefits and package

Cons: I doubt they have any.
Advice: Keep Innovating, Increase the pace..
Pros: Innovation, Transparency, Good Colleagues,  equal opportunity

Cons: Focus on people development should be improved.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company with very good benefits. Working culture and atmosphere is awesome.

Cons: As a very large organization it sometimes is difficult to get information
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for innovation and growth

Cons: Constant changes, favoritism, inconsistent leadership
Advice: Allow longer time in territories to succeed.
Pros: Great benefits, good culture, descent compensation plan

Cons: Big company, hard to relate to different functions.
Advice: None
Pros: High reputation company! Good work dynamics with team members, high flexibility

Cons: salary is just average, and work content
Advice: None
Pros: free lunch, work life blance

Cons: not great salary, not so much challenge
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, mature process and org.

Cons: Apart of core business suite, market focus is limited
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of career opportunities to grow professionally.

Cons: The management is unstable and inexperienced; employees across the board are burnt out and no one appears to want to be there. The processes since the acquisition make it challenging to get things done.
Advice: Learn how to manage
Pros: Benefits, Compensation and Semi-Flexible Schedule

Cons: It is hard to manage all levels of the management layer.
Advice: listen to the background
Pros: It is a large company

Cons: Sales Structure is always changing
Advice: Management is always changing the sales structure.
Pros: Make a killing and good career development

Cons: Org changes  disturb the momentum and priorities.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging Opportunities  at work and Continuous learning.

Cons: - steady changes in upper management
Advice: None
Pros: - pay
- work life balance
- management
- freedom to work without being micromanaged

Cons: experience heavily depends on your rotation team
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience, lots of amenities, good benefits

Cons: I can't think of any right now.
Advice: Stay focused and encourage training.
Pros: Focused on Diversity and Inclusion.

Cons: Disruptive reorganizations sometimes hurting team and project.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Provide lunch and breakfast. Interesting projects as well.

Cons: For now, I dont think there are any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Gain more experience as a new grad

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and risk averse at times
Advice: None
Pros: Joined in 2012.  Hard charging, positive/supportive culture.  Customer centric.

Cons: promotion too slow, compensation a bit lower than same level IT company
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, flat hierarchy, self-training materials

Cons: One of the lowest comp structures.
Advice: Don't make people jump through hoops.
Pros: Some of the best benefits in the industry.

Cons: Highly political environment focused on only one thing (revenue)
Advice: None
Pros: Great, smart ppl work here. Good logo on your resume

Cons: Pay is not on par with Compitators
Advice: None
Pros: Very Employee Friendly and customer focused .
Excellent work life balance

Cons: Very large organization. Can be a challenge to be nimble.
Advice: None
Pros: Industry leader and continuing to innovate for the future.

Cons: Some redundancy built into the org
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture, generous benefits, great people

Cons: - Can be a slow place
Advice: None
Pros: - Truly invest in employees
- Easy to advance in a career with effort

Cons: pay scale might be a bit lower than industry in bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent working culture with skilled talents to innovate

Cons: Low visibility into other areas of the business
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a great vision. Employer takes care of their employees.

Cons: salary is on the lower end of the spectrum for some roles
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance and amazing people

Cons: It's hard work, but rewarding work. I wouldn't consider it a con
Advice: None
Pros: Great Teammates and Constantly Learning

Cons: I do not see any serious cons. Every company has its hurdles.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and benefits. Everyone is super helpful.

Cons: Less pay and compensation overall.
Advice: None
Pros: Unbeatable work life balance, good company culture and management.learning opportunities for new hires

Cons: Not a lot of growth for a designer long term
Advice: None
Pros: Good life work balance, Stable and global comapny

Cons: Does not have uniform HR policies and system for all departments
Advice: None
Pros: My manager was good. So, good experience working with that team.

Cons: No free lunch, no snacks in office, no commuter benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, generous WFH, passionate coworkers

Cons: RSU/Stock vests annually versus quarterly
Advice: Change vesting
Pros: Great training, very good compensation and ability to overachieve

Cons: My work was never very interesting.
Advice: none
Pros: Stable employment environment during my 25 years.

Cons: Nothing I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work culture, Good benefits, and good experience working on great products.

Cons: Unethical legal team, dishonest management, overwork
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great colleagues, interesting customers and projects

Cons: very competitive since everyone is very talented and works hard
Advice: None
Pros: broad portfolio, innovative technology, great strategy

Cons: cant think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, flexible working environment, fast paced, dynamic, superb career opportunities

Cons: Frequent re-organizations, senior leadership turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive employee culture with a focus on volunteering, diversity/inclusion and work-life balance

Cons: Large company with +100,000 employees, expect a lot of (required) processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a great cultur

Cons: dont have any in my thoughts right now!
Advice: None
Pros: super collaborative and supportive colleagues and managers. great place to work

Cons: Challenges in internal systems - lots of bureaucracy
Advice: Simplify internal systems and processes
Pros: Smart people, employee-first culture, important mission

Cons: None for me I'm sorry
Advice: Continue to keep us informed; it's appreciated!
Pros: Vision, communication, leadership, strategy, balance

Cons: Many layers of processes to accomplish larger items.
Advice: None
Pros: Time off
Excellent team
Work Environment is state of the art.

Cons: I can't think of any.
Advice: Keep on doing what you are doing!
Pros: Benefits, Work/Life Balance, Skills development

Cons: None. Best company that I've been
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people, a lot of benefits and opportunities inside the company

Cons: • None, have enjoyed working here!
Advice: None
Pros: • Many resources to continue learning
• Work-life balance
• Structured goal setting

Cons: Career growth will depend on network and working that
Advice: None
Pros: Work, Life balance, exciting hi-tech, top global brand, market leader

Cons: work-life balance, travel requirements, changing direction,
Advice: none
Pros: autonomy, salary, talented co-workers, position in market, etc.

Cons: There is a lack of process and sometimes feels disorganized.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and everyone is so nice.

Cons: Too much travel, Less room to grow, too much expectations and work load.
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning experience, Nice benefits.

Cons: Its a place in transition with the SAP acquisition
Advice: None
Pros: Flat hierarchy
Empowered employees 
passionate leadership

Cons: Can be very bureaucratic, trying to keep up with newer technology companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great vision, very relevant to the business world.

Cons: They do not have a strategy in consulting services.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an innovative sbusiness software ompany that thrives on competition and challenges.

Cons: The hierarchy becomes more and more complicated.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment, relatively good work life balance.

Cons: Micro-Managers in departments where managers are not qualified for their jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall company is great with very pleasant people

Cons: political structure is huge and hard to understand
Advice: Less managers
Pros: Great culture. Technology driven company

Cons: Work-Life Balance, SAP/SFSF Culture Clash
Advice: Retain the cloud DNA
Pros: Great Product, Smart People, Time-Off, New Building

Cons: Big company bureaucracy, sales model frequently changes
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, products, executive leadership

Cons: Payment is just average compared to the great company
Advice: None
Pros: payment is ok.
Mulitculturel Employees and a great work atmosphere between colleagues

Cons: very difficult to move positions or advance in your career without leaving
Advice: None
Pros: always challenged, very innovative projects

Cons: Big whale takes to long to make changes
Advice: Act more like a small company
Pros: Benefits  and work life balance

Cons: Too many re-orgs and politics keeping smart and passionate people at arms length
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, knowledgeable colleagues

Cons: Integrated Unit 
Lack of alignment with Local SAP Market Unites
Advice: None
Pros: Mobile Services group in a growing market
Strong Brand

Cons: Poor visibility some times.  Same work, no big challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: Best environment to work to get product development expeirence

Cons: Good company, though depend on team and manager.
Advice: None
Pros: flexibility, opportunity to learn, supporting atmosphere

Cons: A strong process oriented companny
Advice: More innovation and less process
Pros: Good company to work for in long term

Cons: My team did a lot of maintenance work.
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: The Bangalore office has Great work environment.

Cons: lack of collaboration between some teams. overlap in job responsibilities.
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits. great work flexibility. results driven culture.

Cons: Lots of red tape. Sap grows too quickly and processes and products are disjointed.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Flexible schedule. Good pay.

Cons: Your RSE is your key to next level play in this role.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, community help you grow into business professional

Cons: The company does not offer visa services easily if you need sponsorship.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility
Work life balance
Teamwork
Love my work

Cons: Takes a long time for new initiatives to be implemented
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture
Great pay
Lots of great perks
Very supportive managers

Cons: Too much politics and little growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Work load is reasonable compared to other competitors

Cons: Salary increase is slow. less RSU.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Support career development

Cons: None big enough to mention
Advice: Cost and growth can be reconciled.
Pros: SAP Company is a best place to work.

Cons: They are quick to cut interns and contractors
Advice: 
Pros: Great people
Cafeteria on site
Low stress work environment

Cons: Most of the decision power is in Germany
Advice: Provide more autonomy to other labs
Pros: Great place to work for. Opportunities and benefits are great.

Cons: In consulting travelling is one negative which is true for any consulting organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and learn. Excellent career opportunities.

Cons: Very matrixed, complex and slow moving internal operations
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits and people

Cons: Not sure if they will allow us to continue working from home.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance for employees

Cons: Lots of change, leadership chooses promotions based on the wrong criteria
Advice: None
Pros: People and culture are great

Cons: none to report at this time
Advice: better understand the impact of business decisions within the organization.
Pros: several pros. good company in US

Cons: processes always changed abruptly in the team
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, great work-life balance, amazing co workers

Cons: Large company, complex organizational structure, DIY career growth
Advice: None
Pros: People, connections, interesting and varying work

Cons: I do not have any cons about SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and a great work life balance.

Cons: Challenges around constantly shifting product directions and ambiguity of product goals
Advice: None
Pros: Internal opportunities and resources for personal growth.

Cons: Slow growing
Fewer development opportunities than fast growing companies
Complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture
World class coaching and mindfulness program
Value their employees

Cons: High level of organizational complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, tons of support, competitive compensation, fascinating product

Cons: The salart level does not always seem to line up to internal title
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and vacation package

Cons: Typical work week is 45 hours
Advice: None
Pros: Strong product knowledge is the key to continued success.

Cons: Not as much impact
Advice: None
Pros: Good Stock matching for some part of the year, 401k contributions, lunches, working from home

Cons: Too much travel if you be a consultant
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, not too bad pay

Cons: there is nothing to say about cons
Advice: Be little sensible with your HR policies.
Pros: Excellent work culture
Flexible working

Cons: Very huge company and sometimes it takes a while for management to make decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, diverse working environment.

Cons: bureaucracy
slow in the decision
employee focuses on very narrowed field
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balanced
Good welfare
people oriented

Cons: Poor management and quality of people vary hugely by location.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment with good culture.

Cons: sometimes unreasonable quotas, cumbersome legal dept
Advice: very good mamagement, sometimes aggressive with forcast
Pros: great people, great product, great structure

Cons: Work on Saturdays regardless of the work load
Advice: Keep up he good work
Pros: Great upper management and work mates

Cons: Bonuses have come down last few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Employee friendly, high in diversity and equal opportunity for women.

Cons: Not much time to invest in yourself to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: There is engaging work there.

Cons: Global distribution of teams requires early morning and late night calls
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, great flexibility to work from home

Cons: None, SAP Concur is amazing
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and wonderful work environment. Encourage professional growth and development.

Cons: No clear direction, poor management
Advice: hire better employee and review performance better
Pros: very good benefit, good life work balance

Cons: Nothing  I have about Cons
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Good work Life balance

Cons: Getting very large and losing its personal touch
Advice: None
Pros: Caring environment - very professional- leading edge technology

Cons: Often political environment for head count
Advice: None
Pros: Independence, development, learning, risk taking, overall incredible growth opportunities for young talent

Cons: Can't think of any except the food wasn't good.
Advice: None
Pros: Care about their employees
Have a lot of benefits for interns

Cons: nothing noticed as of now
Advice: NONE
Pros: I recently joined SAP, as of now everything looking good

Cons: I don't have anything negative to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good work culture and amazing work life balance.

Cons: People there is less passionate.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a place you can have a balanced lifetime.

Cons: Salaries not quite as competitive as rest of industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture
Flexible work arrangements
People people people

Cons: Slow Change management
Complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance
Management Supports personal growth 
Flexible work culture
Values diversity

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: Keep up the good work managers
Pros: Salary benefits people location remote

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Work, life balance AND FLEXIBILITY
good benefits,
Opportunities for fellowship, internal transfer

Cons: Depending on the team growth can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and working on cutting edge technologies

Cons: Sales can be demanding and stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Earning potential; fast pace; great benefits; terrific people who are really smart

Cons: Slow to adopt innovation, change management
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, Great company culture and values, Wonderful colleagues, Awesome location

Cons: Complex organization with many employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful people.  Dynamic environment with lots of opportunities to learn

Cons: Hierarchy between management and sales team.
Advice: Listen more to your sales teams
Pros: Great company, with good people and fantastic solutions.

Cons: Long Hours and lots of travel
Advice: Keep up the good job
Pros: Very smart people throughout the company

Cons: No formal internship program.
Projects are long term and slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: Great company
Good mission values
Free food

Cons: Lack of stability, terrible work-life balance
Advice: More stability for sales team
Pros: Treendous breadth of product.  Great support structure

Cons: Organizational Climate is one of the cons
Advice: Equal Opportunity for women of diverse backgrounds
Pros: Organizational Culture is one of the pros

Cons: I don't have anything to mention as cons.
Advice: None
Pros: A great place to work with great minds in the team.

Cons: Highly pressured in reaching your sales quota
Advice: None
Pros: Very willing to pour resource on job traiing and developing your skills.

Cons: Demanding, yet rewarding work environment!
Advice: Great leadership!
Pros: Many international opportunities for mobile candidates! Focus on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: high Sales pressure at time
Advice: None
Pros: Its a great company to work for

Cons: The salart level does not always seem to line up to internal title
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and vacation package

Cons: too process heavy and inside-out product-oriented
Advice: Need to walk the talk
Pros: Great transformative employer with purpose

Cons: Low growth
Sticking to same level
Team leaders
Upper management not good
Traffic
Advice: None
Pros: Food
Freedom
Passion
Management
Outings
Great place
Nice place to work for

Cons: Difficult to break into executive track
Advice: Keep promoting from within whenever possible
Pros: Great culture, team members, benefits

Cons: End of quarter is very stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and Values, and place high regard on ethics

Cons: Big company, expect a slower pace than a start-up
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: Seniority is something mostly evaluated by age in the San Ramon location.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is pretty good.

Cons: The lack of parking at the Palo Alto office
Advice: None
Pros: People
Atmosphere
Free lunch
Events
Flexibility to work from home

Cons: Portfolio of products is too large for 1 person to support
Advice: None
Pros: All the perks of a large company.

Cons: We are still a complex organization.
Advice: Continue to simplify
Pros: Great Benefits, flexible hours, competitive compensation.

Cons: needs to travel and the promotion opportunity is less
Advice: None
Pros: good benifit and good environment

Cons: would like to see more competitive pay
Advice: None
Pros: cares about its employees health and well-being, work-life balance

Cons: Lots of Administrative and Bureaucratic overheard
Advice: make it simpler
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, generally fair mgmt. team

Cons: Non competitive salaries and lack of growth
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and great workplace environment

Cons: Many of products and solutions are very overwhelming to understand.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, diversity, management and colleague are very supportive.

Cons: Lots of red tape
Lots of leadership change
Advice: None
Pros: Great CEO
Company culture is awesome
Easy access to leadership

Cons: Traveling, political issues, pressure from customers
Advice: None
Pros: Rewarding work, compensation, work life balance

Cons: No real disadvantage. Sometimes reactive to market trends.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting work 
Supportive management 
Good work life balance

Cons: Very frequent reorgs
Narrowly scoped responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Potential to positively impact the world's largest companies

Cons: Must be a German Male to move up
Advice: None
Pros: it is an ok place to work

Cons: - Hard to grow in other sectors
Advice: None
Pros: - Great manager
- Great teamlead
- Encouraging environment
- Stipend lunch

Cons: Large enterprise is difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and leadership that cares about their employees

Cons: Not much. Some bureaucracy but expected of a company of this size.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, Good pay, Outstanding colleagues

Cons: Differs a lot depending on the country
Advice: More innovation projects needed
Pros: People oriented, respectful environment and constant growth

Cons: Can have late shifts or weekend shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Employment and Growth Opportunities
Great Pay
Great Benefits
Great Bonus Structure
Helpful Coworkers and Management

Cons: Few teams don't promote promotions often
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, everyone is helpful
Good work-life balance
Good career opportunities

Cons: Salary is a little bit lower than other giant tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance
Nice culture
Nice office

Cons: Continuing technical training and knowledge is mandatory to stay ahead
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, benefits, pro-active career development, advancement opportunities

Cons: Can be too big to get lost in the shuffle
Advice: Less reorganizing!
Pros: Great benefits, wonderful handling of pandemic

Cons: Understanding all the options available to help customers
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborate with talented people globally

Cons: There is never any downtime. You always need to be on
Advice: None
Pros: Care about employees and clients

Cons: Slow to change  and evolve
Advice: Apply more critical thinking, endorse change
Pros: Diverse and focused on people

Cons: The management architecture is not flat.
Advice: None
Pros: The teams are collaborative and supportive. Working hours are flexible.

Cons: Micromanagement, Beurocracy, Politics, Management, Voice
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture, health benefit, leadership info

Cons: Big software company, trying to change with the times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good benefits, lots of career opportunity.

Cons: Top down management approach in innovation
Advice: Promote bottom up innovation
Pros: Loyal customer base; Work life balance

Cons: Big company which can sometimes be difficult to navigate globally
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible team, well-taken care of, great benefits

Cons: not much growth, low salary, low bonus
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture, women empowerment, stable

Cons: Salary is not competitive for QA Engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: Very healthy environment to work.

Cons: More products needed for meeting market demands
Advice: More M&amp;A's needed to be aggressive
Pros: Very employee friendly as an organization

Cons: too many changes and not well communicated some time
Advice: None
Pros: Take care of employees growth and benefit

Cons: Too relaxed sometimes that you don't push yourself enough
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance with great perks

Cons: Research opportunities can be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance and growth oportunities

Cons: change; wrong leadership; revolving door of employees and resources
Advice: None
Pros: financial incentives and career opportinities are always available

Cons: * Not good for freshers
* Difficult to climb up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: * Good Work culture
* Free Food

Cons: Old technologies. They are changing it now though
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work-Life Balance, Employee Friendly,

Cons: Travel can wear you down over time.
Advice: None
Pros: Very diverse culture.  Great opportunity to be exposed to many projects.

Cons: Too many layers of middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with some of the smartest people in the world

Cons: Things are not moving very fast.
Advice: Re-Org too often is not good.
Pros: Great company to work with.

Cons: Imcompetitive salary, limited future career development
Advice: Provide flexible job assignment
Pros: Good benefit, stable job position, friendly working environment

Cons: Sometimes lacks community culture. Mid management is not strong.
Advice: Fill mid management positions faster
Pros: Energetic work environment, self motivators

Cons: my manager knows very little about my work
Advice: I think the manager should spend sometime to get to know his employees
Pros: Have great opportunity for networking

Cons: You're not always working with the smartest people
Advice: None
Pros: The performance review process allows top performer to climb the ladder.

Cons: A lot of Management turnover
Advice: Career Growth for mid-level Management
Pros: WFH policy and vacation time.

Cons: Company's location is not ideal
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, great products, awesome environment to work in!

Cons: walk ups due to open desk setup
Advice: Needs clear strategy
Pros: Great,  innovative, and collaborative culture

Cons: Not too much project experience.
Advice: Good
Pros: No. 1 Enterprise Software Company in the world.

Cons: Too much travels, messed up working hours if in critical customer situation.
Advice: None
Pros: You have freedom at your work.

Cons: Work life balance. Unrealistic at times
Advice: Take care of your people
Pros: Great people, lots of resources to help

Cons: need to improve the ratings
Advice: looking for challeging
Pros: domain knowledge of SAP keeping me in SAP

Cons: Meetings to talk about having more meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Bonus, Stock Purchases, Free Lunch

Cons: Cannot think of any cons so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, incredible people and abundance of opportunities

Cons: At times too large and is incredibly matrixed
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, and they do value their employees

Cons: I can't think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, good training, good benefit, good work life balance

Cons: Always busy - some of this is self imposed.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to grow and learn is endless

Cons: Very few teams work on latest stack
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly colleagues to work with

Cons: Do not expect much in terms of comp and benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, lots of opportunities

Cons: Very Low salaries and raises.
Too many DevOps issues
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work-life balance 
Company Cares about the Employees.

Cons: None really. You can make it happen here!
Advice: None
Pros: Love the company. The best run SAP. Exceptional People

Cons: Great at specific talents, but had to work with partners on most projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, and much independence

Cons: sometimes it is sress to work because too much work
Advice: None
Pros: it is a great company to work at reallly

Cons: Depends on the group some work pressure but its acceptable
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work and life balance, employee-friendly culture

Cons: large organization and easy to get lost
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits and great people

Cons: Germany controls everything. Ceiling is too low
Advice: Keep growing
Pros: Good people. Customers and global partners

Cons: slow business decisions for future projects, frequent context swtiches
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, great growth opportunities

Cons: Concur management sometimes makes you jump through hoops for promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Focus on career growth and development; flexibility in schedules.

Cons: Technology was limited to current stack. Difficult to bring in the latest frameworks, libraries, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work and good benefits.

Cons: Less oppurtunities and visibility options
Advice: Better pay packages
Pros: Good Benefits and excellent bonus

Cons: head quarter in Germany remote
Advice: good job
Pros: work life balance work life balance

Cons: no place to move up. all about politics.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours, free lunch, good coffee

Cons: my manager knows very little about my work
Advice: I think the manager should spend sometime to get to know his employees
Pros: Have great opportunity for networking

Cons: Pay is below industry standards,  Job quality
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance, Appreciation, Opportunity to travel abroad

Cons: The corporation is just a bit too German.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation, top notch facilities, innovative work.

Cons: little bit slow-pace, and not high salary
Advice: None
Pros: life work balance, nice manager and colleagues

Cons: Expect  frqueent  organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Many employee benefits - create time for employee to innovate

Cons: too diversified, and too many legacy products
Advice: Focus on next generation solutions
Pros: Amazing Technology, Great leadership, Good culture

Cons: need bring more business partners in.
Advice: better communication
Pros: great benefits and great working environment.

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible hours, value innovation

Cons: My oay could be more
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, you will learn alot and have great work life balance.

Cons: Sexist, not a lot of movement opportunities
Advice: invest in your human capital
Pros: Flexibility, great product -easy to stand behind

Cons: All things considered, very few to speak of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People
Love the Culture
Part of Innovation
Good Collaboration
Offers Challenges
Great Brand
High Growth

Cons: Large number of tenured employees competing against young talent
Advice: None
Pros: People focused culture with lots of opportunities for career growth

Cons: Lots of travel and work/life balance can be a struggle
Advice: None
Pros: Very competitive salary, good management, good opportunities

Cons: Not in center city
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, fun, ffast-paced, diverse environment
Ability to create your own career paths

Cons: Low work life balance, high stress levels.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Great opportunities. warm atmosphere, Respect for individuals

Cons: No cons so far. Very positive company.
Advice: Keep it up.
Pros: Kind people, awesome culture, great benefits

Cons: Sometimes were just left alone and not told what to do
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, free food, Nice people

Cons: Big, trying to do too much
Advice: Stay the course
Pros: Great Brand, CEO and a relevant tech leader

Cons: The  culture does not foster a good work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment is great.  Everyone Collaborates.

Cons: A lot of ex-Microsoft employees are coming in and changing the culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, happy people who work there.

Cons: Pay is below industry standards,  Job quality
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance, Appreciation, Opportunity to travel abroad

Cons: Everything goes pretty slow, sometimes too chill
Advice: None
Pros: time very flexible, unlimited PTO, work from home Friday

Cons: nothing to say on this category
Advice: None
Pros: Work Culture, Work life balance, Career move inside SAP

Cons: Very silo'ed departments, limited communication between departments
Advice: None
Pros: Good Compensation &amp; benefits, responsible, great people

Cons: German company, conservative, slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: Learn about design thinking and have chance work with top companies

Cons: Too political and too many organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance with European culture

Cons: Very department specific, internal mobility can be hard
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, good benefits, strong union

Cons: Slow moving and heavy on process
Advice: Be more decisive
Pros: Lots of great benefits and awesome work life balance

Cons: less package as compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, challenging projects, open to learning

Cons: Big company policies &amp; procedures or finding the right resource sometimes tough.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee-centric, awesome benefits &amp; growth.

Cons: bloated top management salaries but undercut reps compensation.
Advice: None
Pros: culture and tech history sap

Cons: I have to work a lot of hours for my type of contract
Advice: None
Pros: The hours are really flexible

Cons: There are no cons in my honest opinon.
Advice: Managment keep up the great work.
Pros: Amazing company
Benefits
Balance 
Compensation 
Training

Cons: The squeeze for profits is on as customers become cloud customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, smart caring people

Cons: Slow to innovate. Frequent reorganizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive culture, work-life balance, great colleagues, great food.

Cons: Company needs better controls in place to stop rework
Advice: None
Pros: employees drive towards the vision

Cons: Could have better cafeteria food
Advice: None
Pros: Work with exceptional people passionate about delivering value to customers.

Cons: Legacy products, moving within the company is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Free food, Flexible timings,

Cons: There are no real cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and overall work/life balance

Cons: Too hierarchical, progression is heavily based on relationships
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership values, transparency, work ethics

Cons: low risk low rewards low innovation
Advice: innovate
Pros: a lot of great professionals to work with

Cons: Mostly B2B products with less core development in India
Advice: None
Pros: Free food, free transport, Work life balance

Cons: refocusing the company is in full swing
Advice: keep up the good work.
Pros: great company and supportive environment

Cons: love to work her will peruse a full time position
Advice: None
Pros: very great company, love to working her

Cons: Company culture was a little clique and could be a little difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience getting your feet wet

Cons: it is a very structured company and the downside is slow process for changes
Advice: None
Pros: the company provides employment security

Cons: Takes time to increase salary
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for longer careers and work life balance

Cons: Low salary compared to others in the market
Advice: None
Pros: Health benefits and work life balance is great.

Cons: Compensation is not competitive as compared to the market
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and flexible work schedule

Cons: The cons are very less. I would say nothing
Advice: None
Pros: The pros are Perks,Work load,Bonus,Work culture,Facilities.

Cons: Work hours and conditions are a bit too demanding.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning platform and knowledge skill set attained.

Cons: Global executive turn over and tumultuous market at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunity, great benefits, exceptional work-life balance

Cons: Not any that I can think of
Advice: Peer coordination
Pros: Provides opportunity to learn.
Benefits.
Amazing work culture.

Cons: Low Salary and less challenging work
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance . .

Cons: young people come and go too frequently
Advice: None
Pros: have good opportunity to grow

Cons: Unorganized leadership (at least in my unit)
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Great opportunity to learn and Network

Cons: To many managers at the middle level.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, and great workforce

Cons: constant shift in direction and focus can create some burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyable coworkers, good pay and benefits, interesting work

Cons: None - great company.  Keep up the good work.
Advice: None
Pros: Management.  Work life balance.  Opportunities.

Cons: Nothing that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, Flexible working, Benefits, Career Counseling opportunities, mentorship programs

Cons: May need to improve on working on open source technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Pandemic effects of business - some managers micro manage
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture fun co workers

Cons: Lots of travel; mostly virtual; rarely interact in person with co-workers
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great salaries and benefits

Cons: Beware of some teams where there’s no work
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and diversity, free food

Cons: Restricted Growth after performing for years
Poor salary structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Technical stack in cloud is great

Cons: Very old school, bureaucratic, decision by committee
Advice: None
Pros: Collegial atmosphere. Legitimate desire to build things for customers.

Cons: Lack of upward mobility or promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, excellent benefits, freedom to do your job.

Cons: None that comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a good sense of future direction of the industry

Cons: SAP looks after their employees like a mother.
Advice: None
Pros: A very good company to start your career

Cons: A lot of leadership changes in the past 2 years
Advice: None
Pros: Trust in leadership 
Work/life balance
Good pay
Flexible hours

Cons: Big and inefficient with too much central control
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and focus on employees

Cons: No major cons 
Subject to individual teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good worklife balance
Good work culture 
Work is fairly interesting based on teams

Cons: Change (but I like that)
Advice: Improve on tools and processes
Pros: People friendly with kind management.

Cons: Management  turnover is disturbing , need to stabilize.
Advice: None
Pros: Took care of employees during COVID-19 crisis.

Cons: too many tools that do not work well together.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are the priority first!

Cons: Feel positive Less Cons None
Advice: Good management
Pros: Every thing as per promise

Cons: nothing to add as a con.
Advice: None
Pros: Great co workers, very generous benefits package, stable company, great leadership

Cons: Nothing as such Cons i experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology stack is very good.

Cons: On it's way of digitization. Need to pace it.
Advice: None
Pros: Great policies and benefits, employee friendly

Cons: No cons as of yet
Advice: None
Pros: I work with a very supportive team!

Cons: Please don't change anything, I love SAP the way it is
Advice: None
Pros: They care about their employees

Cons: No such cons of working here. Overall great colleagues.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned new skills and technologies during internship

Cons: no real cons to working at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Great support, great opportunity for learning and career advancement.

Cons: I really can not think of any downsides at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, work environment, team work

Cons: Typical corporate challenges and dysfunctions
Advice: Continue to listen to employees
Pros: Smart talent with a diverse workforce

Cons: Minor ones only.  Like most places.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule.  Opportunity for involvement. Pay for Performance.

Cons: Management does not always support your current or future goals
Advice: None
Pros: Great office culture with nice benefits.

Cons: None. Really liked it there
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers, flexible hours, Free food

Cons: Corporate HQ is not based in the Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting place to work and cutting edge technology

Cons: The management was bad, too overreaching.
Advice: None
Pros: The people were great and the work environment was pleasant.

Cons: Sorry I can not think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, culture and environment is great.

Cons: None that comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for.  Treats employees fair with decent wages

Cons: No specific areas that strike me as cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule; great coworkers.

Cons: Lack of stability. Focus on short term results.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Lots of learning opportunities.

Cons: Office work could be mundane. Could have better internal technology.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly, collaborative environment. Good mobility.

Cons: Full time internship needed for students during the school year
Advice: None
Pros: Hands on experience, good management

Cons: sometimes have some much things to do
Advice: try to understand every worker
Pros: good worker and good team

Cons: same old work, stagnation in the hierarchy
Advice: Get new work for the employees
Pros: good culture, good work environment

Cons: Travel  if you don't like too
Advice: Continue the great leadership
Pros: Great career and leading company

Cons: hq is in germany, branding/image is not young and hip
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, work/life balance, relaxed, comfortable work load

Cons: No such cons of working here. Overall great colleagues.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned new skills and technologies during internship

Cons: A lot of change going on now.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay 
Freedom to do your work 
Great leadership

Cons: Honestly don’t have any! It’s a great place to work!
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and flexible work schedule

Cons: Huge company that can be difficult to navigate at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with many opportunities for growth.

Cons: a lot of internal politics
Advice: make the company results-oriented
Pros: benefits are good, not great

Cons: Sometime stress at work can be too high
Advice: 
Pros: Great Place to work.  
Nice culture. 
Managers are helpful.

Cons: Re-organize twice a year at least
Advice: 
Pros: work at home - good bonuses -- excellent overall benefits

Cons: Very large company with complicated structure.
Advice: Keep going
Pros: Global presence, strong management team.

Cons: Takes time to build your internal network.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, Great brand, happy customers.

Cons: lack of empowerment, too many silos, difficult to move beyond VP
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company, lots of opportunity

Cons: no cons I love working here
Advice: Be open more to employees advice
Pros: good working environment
pay well
good way for career progression

Cons: Work 60+ hours a week
Advice: VP's only care about current quarter
Pros: Awesome company and great pay

Cons: Unorganized structure for sales.  Hard to get consistent answers.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Perks, funding for projects,

Cons: Low Income, no innovation, hard to define career path
Advice: None
Pros: Nice Environment, culture, defined projects

Cons: - Confusion arising from complexity
Advice: None
Pros: - Job Satisfaction
- Ability to move around/Overall flexibility
- Employee satisfaction focus

Cons: long hours and extreme travel time to and from work
Advice: lighten up
Pros: very understanding and allow lots of independence

Cons: -long hours
-relatively low pay
-work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: -respectable faculty
-good boss
-compensation
-company values and mission statement are ones to work for

Cons: salary , promotions, bonus, travel, team building or other fun events
Advice: None
Pros: team members, location, learning opportunities,

Cons: lack of understanding of the technical details given
Advice: None
Pros: Career opportunities, senior management, culture and values

Cons: Their services are hard to sell
Advice: Need to get with the times
Pros: Flexible Hours good people to work with

Cons: None that cone to mind
Advice: Continue the great execution and vision
Pros: Excellent vision, products and services

Cons: Compensation is not that good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work at. Flexible in  WFHs.

Cons: Talks about diversity but are sometimes clueless in what they do.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits! Good work-life balance

Cons: It is challenging to navigate SAP's complex Org. Structure
Advice: None
Pros: Career Growth,  Life/Work Balance, Recognition, Culture

Cons: The industry can be very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits (Share Matching, Time off), Great Management, Learning opportunities.

Cons: More opportunity to get exposure to other areas
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities and recognition when you do work very hard

Cons: Large company red tape sometimes an issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, Innovative solutions, wealth of resources, fantastic compensation.

Cons: Nothing as such. It is a good place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work culture. Good work life balance

Cons: lots of pressure, constant change
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, people, earning opportunity, large complex deals

Cons: Slow to adapt to changes, too much internal politics
Advice: None
Pros: Good work / life balance

Cons: big corporation, too many management layers
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, amazing portfolio of products

Cons: Not so good Live/Work balance
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic Work Environment
Opportunity for Professional Development

Cons: Horrible culture  and values. Unhealthy working environment
Advice: Increase leadership trust
Pros: Good benefits, including salary and health plan

Cons: Internal Promotions are for less Salary than outside candidates (most times)
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture and positive managment

Cons: Move slow. Techniques are a little bit out of date.
Advice: None
Pros: All kinds of trainings and learning opportunities

Cons: Nothing I have witnessed during my tenure
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: gender disparity in salary in the consulting world
Advice: None
Pros: diverse portfolio and job opportunities - end to end

Cons: Management has too high expectations and little to no involvement
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work with really smart people

Cons: Can't think of any yet
Advice: None
Pros: - Truly care about their employees
- Great benefits, especially generous PTO

Cons: travel, cant think of much else
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Work Life balance, flexibility, pay

Cons: At times can be a little bit slow going.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a good place, with good people.

Cons: No good work
Learning curve low
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Good management
Good perks

Cons: difficult to move on after couple of years
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours, nice pay, good people

Cons: company has no great leaders except CEO.
Advice: None
Pros: great work-life balance, free lunch, nice campus, people are good

Cons: No work life balance in my current working group
Advice: Good Company
Pros: Good Company and friendly environment

Cons: Management and process heavy
Advice: Go back to your roots - think start-up!
Pros: Great training and competitive benefits

Cons: Travel could be hectic based on customer project
Advice: None
Pros: Learning is part of the job

Cons: I could do without the commute traffic.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at a beautiful campus with great people.

Cons: I have nothing negative
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great people, and overall a wonderful place to work.

Cons: Nothing is done if complaints are made about management
Advice: None
Pros: The bonuses tend to be good.

Cons: Tech stack is not new
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly, work life balance

Cons: less startup like, compensation could be higher
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work culture, work-life balance, valued contribution

Cons: Nothing comes to mind at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Company believes in a great work/life balance

Cons: People stuck in certain positions for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing People
Great Environment
Good Work Life Balance

Cons: sometimes lower positions get lost in the sauce
Advice: None
Pros: relaxed environment, great benefits, can work from home

Cons: Large, rather anonymous work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach; many job opportunities; new technologies

Cons: A lot of business jargon that gets cliche
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people who want to work with you

Cons: Process oriented, focus too much on process rather than solution;
Advice: None
Pros: nice benefit, I mean really nice;

Cons: Colleagues are not friendly. They don't help new comers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, big company, good food

Cons: Process overload, complexity, frequent changes in leadership
Advice: Simplify
Pros: Diversity, culture, people, work at home

Cons: Thinking back, none come to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best companies to work for.

Cons: hard to network, hard to land full time, no room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good people, reputable company

Cons: Big and bureaucratic as large companies tend to be
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for with amazing culture

Cons: I can not think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance, good pay and benefits

Cons: I can’t think of any to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership and employee engagement

Cons: Extremely large company, so lower T levels seem to be overlooked.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares about it's employees.

Cons: has changed culturally. very large, very rigid.
Advice: NA
Pros: lots of opportunities for career diversity

Cons: Salary is not as per the bay area standards.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at.

Cons: Low salary other than that i didnt find anything
Advice: None
Pros: Good Team, benefits, Work life Balance

Cons: Compensation needs to improve for certain countries
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and good culture

Cons: Too many men at the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture and stability.

Cons: Too many men at the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture and stability.

Cons: communication from executive level sometimes challenging during restructure
Advice: None
Pros: established client base, excellent mentorship, diverse and inclusive

Cons: less innovative, too much senior management, legacy application
Advice: None
Pros: worklife, compensation, time offs, stability, activities

Cons: Hard to advance because people stay in roles for awhile
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Work/Life Balance, Team mentality

Cons: Monthly pressure because public company
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, career opportunities and many resources.

Cons: A large environment where you can get lost.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: A stable and successful company.

Cons: i dont have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: great support at this company people who want the best for you

Cons: Long hours due to various locations of team members
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work arrangements, good benefits

Cons: Slow pace means no fast changes and no excitement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to watch the grass grow.

Cons: Multiple layers of management, White elephant
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly HR policies, Flexible working hours

Cons: There was too much domestic travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the international travel. Comp and benefits are very good.

Cons: Attrition rate is pretty high
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is better than most of the other companies.

Cons: A very high performance environment which can be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, benefits, teamwork, PEOPLE, opportunity

Cons: There are little cons if any at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Very diverse and inclusive.

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work - a lot of long time employees

Cons: outdated,
slow paced,
below industry pay,
not competitive,
mediocre perks
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance,
friendly culture,
learning opportunities,
comfortable,
good pay for first job

Cons: The pay is a little less than average
Advice: None
Pros: Home and work life balance is a priority

Cons: SAP is a very kind company
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a very great company

Cons: Ladder climbing work environment 
Teams do not work well together inside the company
Advice: None
Pros: High paying
Good benefits
Flexible schedule
Polite coworkers

Cons: The Compensation is lower compared to other industries
Advice: 
Pros: It is great for employee satisfaction

Cons: Large scale corporation so there are a lot of people
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment of people and leaders

Cons: I can't tell any Cons about SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits and work remotely

Cons: Rigid and somewhat inflexible, German language built into code, centrally run
Advice: None
Pros: Global Company, market leader, established platform

Cons: Pay is not that great
Advice: Take care of your employees
Pros: WLB, Culture, good technology, world-class Clients

Cons: Politics, some people do nothing and advance!
Advice: Start listening to your workforce
Pros: Flexible, benefits, work from home, decent salary

Cons: There are no Cons to report at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Company that cares about their employees
Great Compensation

Cons: Nothing no cons about the company i think about.
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work and build career.

Cons: too many laborious processes in certain groups
Advice: None
Pros: employee and customer centric
leadership is people oriented

Cons: Like many large companies, leadership disruptions/changes frequently and trickles down
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, benefits and products

Cons: Can sometimes. be very bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to try new roles within the company
Good benefits
Great network

Cons: large complex org. structure can make process challenging
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule and work location
intelligent and creative colleagues
international opportunities

Cons: commute necessary to the office
Advice: shuttle employees
Pros: global company. solutions are used by major corps.

Cons: Not that much action, the ship moves quite slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back not pressured, job security

Cons: slow moving, changing political winds make it difficult to follow through on initiatives.
Advice: None
Pros: Career development support, relative stability

Cons: No work life balance to speak of!
Advice: work-life balance
Pros: Good people to work with.

Cons: Lack of work/life balance sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work; Good culture

Cons: takes long to move forwad in the career path
Advice: None
Pros: culture of freedom, independence and autonomy

Cons: Too many hierarchy leads poor decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Good People culture who always help and share knowledge

Cons: like any large company, navigating can be difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Treat employees well, strong benefits, great leadership

Cons: matrixed and political -- leadership is not engaged
Advice: None
Pros: diversity and global access to top thinkers

Cons: Sometimes everything is too slow
Advice: None
Pros: International company, good benefits, travel

Cons: Complex organizational structure
Recruitment process may not be smooth all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, lots of opportunities
Good benefits

Cons: Shrinking consulting bench, extremely quarterly driven
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, market leader, strong 3rd party Eco system, strong top leadership

Cons: converting an internship to full-time is unpredictable
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and a strong senior management

Cons: Territories need to be evaluated and more balanced.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training available and growth available.

Cons: too flexible in work style, too many employee engagement
Advice: None
Pros: good employee engagement and culture

Cons: Very "big company" in culture
Advice: Know your people
Pros: Global Scale and Opportunity.  Market making company

Cons: There are hardly any cons here
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work, amazing benefits, good work life balance

Cons: not encourage to use 3rd party software
Advice: Need more innovation
Pros: Good campus, reasonable work pressure,flexible time

Cons: Re-organizations and acquisitions create uncertainty
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to learn different areas of the business
Flexibility
Diversity

Cons: Little work life balance
Lots of pressure to hit numbers every quarter
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of smart folks
Everyone works hard

Cons: High Paced Environment, Need to be self motivated
Advice: .
Pros: Flexible Hours;  Work from Home

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Everything was great, company culture, office environment, compensation, and etc.

Cons: No cons.  Well ran program.
Advice: None
Pros: Very involving experience throughout the summer, great networking opportunities.

Cons: Moving towards cloud could be painful.
Advice: Integrate more with employees
Pros: GREAT ENVIROMENT, GOOD PLACE TO GROW

Cons: Salary, Stress & Work-Life Balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits package for number of privilage leaves, sick leaves, 401k etc.,

Cons: There are no cons everything is good
Advice: Please give me more fun time
Pros: Great work balance, fun team

Cons: Work schedule doesn't support work life balance in Prof Svcs function.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for!

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, multicultural environment, great work/life balance, large company

Cons: High pressure
Office politics
Frequent changes in organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great technology
Employee support
Flexibility for remote employees
