Cons: Nothing I can say that would be a con.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, competitive salary.no micromanagement, can work from home.

Cons: The executive leadership has completely disconnected itself from the reality of the post-COVID workspace. They lost all compassion for employees and now follow their own desires and feelings of how work "should be" rather than considering actual data when it comes to making decisions that affect the lives of their employees and their work productivity. They have abandoned SAP's sustainability goals. They have abandoned SAP's D&amp;I goals.
Advice: Stop making assumptions that actual data doesn't support.  You are not as smart as you think you are.  Drop the ego and LISTEN.  1:  There are no restrictions preventing employees from working in the office.  If we wanted to do that, we already would be.  Forcing it is foolish.  Treat us as the adults we are.  This RTO policy will cause a wave of quiet-quitting (and actual quitting) and only board/executives will be to blame for that massive loss of productivity.  2:  Your forced return to office policy means SAP has committed to its sustainability goals by pledging to put tens of thousands of cars back on the road over the next few months.  Congratulations on that.
Pros: Over 10 years at SAP and I have found my colleagues to be incredibly smart and dedicated. The work is fascinating. Up until this year, I would have also (and have) said top leadership generally strives to take care of its employees as much as it can though that is no longer the case, sadly.

Cons: New leadership in marketing (seems like they are coming from Microsoft) are bringing a toxic, arrogant culture with them.
Advice: Listen to your employees that do the work every day. Invest more in them and their well being.
Pros: Legacy employees are delightful to work with, decent salaray and benefits

Cons: Up until last year, then when the first round of terminations happened hope and culture slowly became toxic. Terminations happened without any reason, seemed like people where just numbers to ensure Board got their bonus.
This year board got a huge bonus and we had another round of termination.
Managers had no say who got terminated, L1 who did not know individuals dictated the decision.
People who worked with future projects where cut off due to lack of knowledge. AI is future, AI people got sacked nonetheless. 
SAP culture is dead and replaced by a culture of zombie and ignorance, except if you work in German HQ. 
Salary is purposely low.
Recent rounds of termination happens without giving reason as to why, push down from leadership.
Mandatory RTO isn't because of employee empowerment, more because of corporate state TAX implications.
Employees are now just a number, culture is dead, aspirations to do more is dead.
Advice: Always tell the why and don't treat employees like numbers that exist only to ensure some CEO and board bonus.
Start to embrace new ways of independent self controlling, self hiring teams. Treat people like humans not machines
Pros: Over the last 13 years I have loved SAP. Colleagues always wanted to help, when CEO spoke you became proud. First Bill left then Hasso...

Cons: Senior management fears to take measures based on poor performance but takes drastic random measures after years of mismanagement. Sad to watch this play out at the moment, considering the company's potential.

The sheer number of shadow processes, process inconsistencies &amp; redundancies, lack of detail orientation in M&amp;A, and the manic need to allow almost everything for everyone kills productivity, motivation and innovation.
Advice: Simplify and streamline processes with a holistic Enterprise Architecture view.
Create and enforce a baseline that applies across the company.
Pros: Good work life balance
Interesting products with strong potential

Cons: - Salary wayyyyy below market average, no merit increases, the more you stay here the less you make ( SAP average Increases at US are 2% even for top performers), its easier to switch teams internally or leave SAP and return to get a better compensation - or bringing an outside offer.
- YoY record profits that employees are not seeing a penny, but 5 billions EUR for buyback shares ? Easy peasy - Double Board’s salary ? Easy Peasy
- Mandatory Return to Office despite increasing cost of living - sustainability goals just for show - unless the goal is to put 100K cars on the roads increasing pollution and accidents
- CEO with no experience - holds position due father being a politician and founder’s friend.
- DEI is also just for show, if you are not a white german male your chances of reaching L1-L3 are minimal - DEI at SAP is only for the ones at the bottom, the “early talents”.
Advice: None
Pros: Our HR works overtime to delete 1 star reviews on GD

Cons: SAP is not for everybody
Advice: Let us continue on our path to be the number one Artificial Intelligence Functional and Technology Digital Company in the world, for the benefit of our Society, Associates, Customers, Shareholders, and SAP
Pros: Deep vertical knowledge of Industries' Functional, Technical Business Process Management
Top Digital Technology 
3/4 of Global Transactions are executed and managed using SAP Products
Front leader in AI in the commercial and public management systems
Founder values are reflected in the core values of the company, and I consider them top-class for associates and clients

Cons: In my personal expereince, compensation is not aligned with other big tech companies and you have to be strategic in your career moves in order to gain meaningful compensation increases. 

SAP touts "future of work" as a strategic area but the working environment and policies are lagging compared to the industry. 

Board mandates passed down to local HR for implementation often make HR look like the bad guy when really we are just put in charge of operationalizing unpopular policy created by out-of-touch execs in Germany. 

In the US, there is a general resentment towards European colleagues as they get much better benefits and protections from their workers councils. The Europeans think that we are spoiled with high salaries when in reality this is a small consolation prize for the expenses that we incur (employee healthcare costs, student debt, affordable housing crisis, lack of public transportation, I could go on). 

The US usually gets the short end of the stick at SAP since we are expected to produce the most value for the company while simultaneously being the easiest to cut during times of layoffs and cut backs.
Advice: Listen to your employees. Change and innovation are important for progress but you have to balance it. Too much change too quickly is alientaing your employees. I have heard so many people say "SAP doesn't feel like SAP anymore".
Pros: Affordable high-quality benefits in the US and a company that generally cares about it's people. Lots of internal growth opportunities, particularly for someone in the HR field. It's a better than average company to work for, but nowhere is perfect.

Cons: Big company. Hard to navigate and slow to get changes done. But once they get there they do it right!
Advice: None
Pros: Honest, hard working people and leadership. Driven to be the best and always providing opportunities to improve lives of customers &amp; employees .

Cons: The downfall of this company will be that nobody trains the newer generation. I was hired in a group of about 10 other early talent employees, and nobody in our group has seen a promotion. It has been realized the only way to grow is to leave, which is unfortunate because it is a great company.
Advice: No more teams of 50+. I should be speaking with my manager monthly at least, not 2x a year. Management should not be a formula of "work x amount of years and you become a manager". Managers should be truly helpful to who they manage and knowledgeable of their team.
Pros: Nobody is looking over your shoulder demanding you are present and working 8 hours a day 5 days a week, objectives are task based, and if completely with high quality, are trusted in delivery. Benefits are second to none. Great coworkers.

Cons: Compensation could be better.
Poor Leadership vision
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture.
Relaxing.
Good benefits.

Cons: Constant change as SAP evolves business model to full cloud company. Complex, matrixed, processes are heavy.
Advice: Simplify.
Pros: Smart, committed people. Great customers. Great mission.

Cons: People leave quickly in sap
Advice: None
Pros: Good work balance in sap

Cons: Unfortunately over the last 5 years of my 11 years of employment the culture went into the dumps. Constantly worrying if you were on the chopping block and you manager had no input or control no matter how talented you were.
Advice: Continue to offer voluntary early retirement packages and you will be left with no experience just early talent that doesn't have any work ethic.
Pros: I worked with some of the most talented and collaborative people - the company was a great place to work.

Cons: Nothing really, it’s a great company
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: - re-orgs every year
- if you love your role it could change even if you don’t want it to
- if you’re over 50 and a senior expert (i.e., high salary), you will feel like you’ve got a target on your back every time there’s a re-org.
Advice: After 50 years the company is moving away from its German roots and “Help the world run better and improve people’s lives” mission, to become another tech giant that’s a slave to short term profit-taking commercial investors. Change is necessary for growth - change only for the benefit of the stock price is bad for the company’s future.
Pros: - people are amazing and helpful, share knowledge freely and are and supportive
- work changes every year, new priorities, new projects
- most managers support “side quests” as long as they relate to your FT job, e.g., learning a new skill, participating in a short term project in an area of interest
- opportunity to work with people from all over the world
- if you’re in the first 10 years of your career there is tremendous opportunity to move into different types of roles
- when layoffs happen (inevitable in tech) they’re very supportive to affected people and include transition assistance

Cons: Early career growth, internal promoting, exposure to resources
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to incredible network, basic sales techniques, exposure to sales, one on one attention.

Cons: Massive 8% layoffs. Indiscriminately. Especially targeting long time employees. Not much loyalty under current CEO to its employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Used to follow European work guidelines and investing in its employess. Sadly that's disappearing. Used to have great work life balance, but the return-to-office is a bit pointless since many teams will not see fellow members as everyone is dispersed.

Cons: The grow success plays such a little part, I am the top performer &amp; I still can't get an AE role. "Not about what you know, but who you know".
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work life balance, people are very nice and supportive as well as insightful. You will constinetly find your self askig how did I find such a great job,

Pay - amazing
Bonus- the model is phenomenal 
Paternity/Maternity Leave - The best I have ever seen, recently had my son is march and I won't have to go back until august.

Hopefully this informative :)

Cons: Workday can be very Long
Advice: Great managers. Very supportive
Pros: Great place to work !

Cons: pay is not among top tier companies, growth and learning opportunities may be limited,
Advice: provide better opportunities to talented and high performing employees. They have a lot more to offer and can contribute a lot more
Pros: employee benefits, work culture, flexibility,

Cons: Salaries are not the greatest. It's a typical large company. Corporate nonsense is abundant. 
Remote has gone to only 2 days a week. Pre-covid era remote employees are not exempt from return to office.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours
Good learning resources 
Opportunities for advancement if you want it
People describe SAP as a blah company, but it's stable and not going out of business or getting sold. You can move around in your field or geographically within the company.
Use it as a stepping stone to better opportunities or stay because it's as comfy as your favorite sweater.

Cons: Inertia at customers for change, Cloud offering is hybrid, Experience leaving company,
Advice: Find a way to retain the vast experience exiting the company
Pros: Great customer base, Excellent partner ecosystem, Business Area coverage, Value at business level as well as IT.

Cons: frequent leadership changes 
only cares about the bottom line
Advice: None
Pros: good pay 
good work/life balance 
collaborative environment

Cons: Declining employee sentiment due to poor leadership, layoffs, restructurings, and reversals in work location policies. Main issues at the company are a lack of vision, poor quality of products compared to competitors, and struggles with integrating various acquisitions.
Advice: Focus on quality products that are well integrated with each other and can integrate with external solutions. Stop major reorganizations every couple years because you want to shuffle the executive board and they each want to claim their little fiefdom (the business does not work that way).  
Pros: Total compensation is good, though not as high as some peers in the industry. Though a 3-day return-to-office mandate has recently been imposed, general flexibility in terms of hours and hybrid work is still good. Leave time and other benefits are also relatively good compared to other companies (though, again, they may not be as good compared to peer companies in the tech industry).

Cons: Some management teams are conservative.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly, most of them are professional

Cons: things tend to move slowly.
Advice: None
Pros: great WLB
great peers
decent perks

Cons: None to mention at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful, lots of resources available

Cons: Conflicted and unreliable management decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great coworkers to work with

Cons: A real good old boy club (Sales)
Advice: More females in Sales Management, less bullys in the Channel Management
Pros: Compensation, Benefits, people, Work life balance

Cons: It's a geared toward the interests and careers of German employees. During recent restructuring, all German employees were protected from layoff, so the US side took the hit. The restructuring is not over, and so U.S.-based people should consider staying away.
Advice: Stop coddling German employees.
Pros: Solid benefits. A culture that tends to respect work/life boundaries. Salary and bonus structuring tends to be good when you join, then it's difficult to get good raises year to year.

Cons: You learn so much in the first 3-4 months and then things get too chill. You start kind of doing the same things over and over, and it's hard for career growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is pretty amazing, you don't really work 40 hours a week (less), and the people are pretty nice.

Cons: Systems and processes are often disconnected or competing with one another.
Advice: Simplify and standardize how you run the organization.
Pros: Many smart people work here. Lots of long term employees (which I regard as a positive sign).

Cons: The hay day of software sales has come to an end across the industry and at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Committed to the vision of cloud and AI

Cons: The pay is very low given that the workload has increased significantly due to changes throughout the company. There are barely any pay increases once a year. We should be given pay increases throughout the year
Advice: Pay the employees more money if you are going to increase the workloads
Pros: Flexible time off, however you still have to ask others to cover your work which feels like another job in itself

Cons: RTO and other broken promises
Slow moving
Politics
Advice: "Keep the promise" was one of your core values. I suggest you have a hard look at it as you broke it for forcing employees back into the office who were hired as remote for many years, working in many time zones with geographically diverse teams, and doing an outstanding job. It is utter stupidity.
Pros: Great caring people
Interesting work
Benefits
WLB was great until 2024

Cons: The SAP Executive Board betrayed its 100,000+ employees on January 9th, 2024, at 12:02 Pacific Time. We received a notification that employees must work in the office three days per week even though we have been a remote culture for at least 15 years. 

Most employees at SAP joined, at least in part, because we had a remote culture. For many years, our LOBs actively supported remote work. We've never discriminated against WFH employees. We had a remote work culture before COVID, and it was critical to the ease with which we navigated the pandemic. Nobody expected the executive board to betray our culture and people like this.

Realistically, I suspect this is all an attempt for SAP to avoid laying people off two years in a row. If they institute a 3-day-in-office policy, they darn well know that a significant percentage of its population will quit. What a shame. I'll probably be amongst them if this policy goes into effect for real in May.

Workday and Oracle Recruiters, get ready! You'll have your pick of the litter as soon as this policy goes into effect. Many of us will probably jump sooner.

SAP, prepare for the brain drain. What a shame. I loved this company.
Advice: Every manager needs to tell every executive just what we all think of this. To a person, every SAP employee I have spoken with is furious. Let's make our voices heard and change this policy.
Pros: I've loved SAP for the last 15 years. They typically do a great job with DEI, purpose, health and wellness, etc.

Cons: lagging in cloud culture mentality
Advice: dont talk cloud live cloud
Pros: great company and place to work

Cons: Politics
Germany has all the real power
Advice: None
Pros: People
Customers
Innovation
Global
Solutions

Cons: Flex to work is no longer flexible. Have to be in office 3 days per week and any flexibility is manager discretion (if you don’t have a good manager, you have zero flexibility). Layoffs aren’t over, minimal raises, no promotions, but more work than ever.
Advice: When you say flexible, BE FLEXIBLE. Go back to 2 days in office with more leeway. Understand and adjust because less employees means less work will get done or everyone will be more burned out than they already are. Very low morale means output will be low.
Pros: Decent pay, if you have a good manager you will have a decent experience.

Cons: Can't move upward, must leave company and return for promotion, jobs posted for executive level already decided before interview
Advice: Don't post jobs unless you're actually looking
Pros: Good pay , good people, good work/life balance

Cons: Corporate Bureaucracy to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and solid place to work

Cons: large company and sometimes difficult to find the right SME
Advice: None
Pros: collaborative with a team environment

Cons: Micromanaging, politics to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and that is it

Cons: Work life balance challenging at times; large company politics and bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, good benefits, very good mission

Cons: Still a lot of dependence on ABAP
Advice: None
Pros: Values its employees, puts customers first

Cons: poor decision making, old tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good work life balance, easy culture

Cons: Layoffs have bad internal vibes.
Advice: None
Pros: Not good place to work.

Cons: unsupportive management, lack of opportunities for growth, lack of teamwork, lack of HR support for issues raised
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and Health Benefits. Diversity and Inclusion important at company

Cons: if business software isn't your thing, it could be a little boring
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great people, well supported

Cons: Aside from not actively engaging their employees and making each location feel like an island, they are dumping billions into India while actively removing older employees from their workforce.

Any negative feedback on mangers is ignored by HR.

Statements made the their CEO regarding retooling of employees is a blatant falsehood.
Advice: Find a better company that fosters a proper work environment and actually cares about employees, or should I say non-German employees.
Pros: Total compensation packages, especially benefits.

Cons: Culture is hit or miss
Advice: Communication
Pros: Large solution set to sell

Cons: - customers can be a little rude and impatient at times
Advice: None
Pros: - nice supervisors and are always supporting you

Cons: tough to change roles or get back into the company once you leave
Advice: None
Pros: great work-life balance, pays well, good benefits

Cons: They forced out foreign males in sales who went to winners' circle multiple times or were top 3 on their respective teams to promote females from within who were not qualified. The HR team is also does not listen to anything you have to say and takes management's word for everything without fail.....even when it is obvious they are lying and defaming you.
Advice: Don't mix up things when its working.....
Pros: Great overall ecosystem of talent and people to work with.

Cons: no cons had a great work environment
Advice: None
Pros: great team, provided lunch, good work life balance

Cons: Recently merged strategy and operations functions into one unit, people are really unsure how to operate internally right now. Large restructuring initiative in 2024, large amount of layoffs.
Advice: Clear direction needed to strengthen morale.
Pros: Good benefits, large office presence in Newtown square, free lunch (daily allowance), extended maternity leave policies last year

Cons: Difficult to navigate if you aren't based in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and collaborative culture

Cons: Not good grotwh opps to be in
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work and grow as a pro

Cons: Lack of internal growth from entry level to mid level
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, benefits, pay

Cons: German-centric "not-invented here" mentality permeates everything the company does.
Conservative to a fault, often letting the accountants make strategic decisions, rather than leaders
Ageism very prevelant - very hard to move up or laterally if you are over 50 years old and male
Services work is a fast track to burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Very good pay
Multi-national company with opportunities all over the world
Solid industry reputation

Cons: Layoffs happen in business sometimes and I was part of that situation.
Advice: Have a better plan for good employees when downsizing.
Pros: Good teamwork with enthusiastic and inclusive environment.

Cons: Not a great challenge with company changing strategic direction often. Little in terms of organic growth as they have pushed channel alignment in lieu of product development
Advice: You riffed too many talented people doing away with jobs we still very much need. The riff was not thought out very well.
Pros: Good pay, awesome culture, great work life balance

Cons: Lack of vision; company lives off prior sucesses and doesnt invest in real innovation. Development cycles are 5x what they should be
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for; prior to layoffs treated employees very well.

Cons: Promotions and raises are hard to come by. Comp system has you competing with your peers and there's never enough to go around. It comes down to who's turn vs who is the high performer.
Advice: Better acknowledgement for high performance and award compensation accordingly.
Pros: There's a lot of talented and knowledgeable individuals at the company, there's always something to learn. Company treats employees relatively well even during the "bad" times. We have announced reductions this year like many company but ours has offered early retirement options, severance, and promotes hiring teams to hire those affected by the reduction.

Many huge enterprises often have a dark side or history related to questionable acts. SAP doesn't really have anything that would be controversial, which I appreciate as an employee and a representative.

Cons: Sometimes operates in silos across business units.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team collaboration in this role. Learn something new every day.

Cons: Slow
Steady
Takes
Spaghetti
Home
Advice: None
Pros: Great
Good
Amazing
Gooood
Fun

Cons: Big company with people decisions perhaps being made from a spreadsheet
Advice: Empower the lower ranks of managers to make decisions - like it used to be - there is too much centralization taking place
Pros: Vast product range and only true ERP + CRM + everything else enterprise company

Cons: Hard to navigate such a large org
Advice: None
Pros: Great HR system and support across various levels of management

Cons: terrible pay, old technology and company vision
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance and stable job

Cons: Culture can be somewhat slow; board turnover is somewhat concerning; pricing/quoting/sales/contract process can be overly (and unnecessarily) complex; recent early retirement and layoffs may have hurt the internal knowledge base
Advice: Pricing and quoting needs to be simplified - including the systems used.
Pros: Compensation and benefits are very good; work hours are flexible; general perks are very good. Stock is soaring right now.

Cons: Unnecessary layoffs when we are post billion(s) in revenue.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of products to gather knowledge in. The people, for the most part, are very willing to help.

Cons: Not company-specific but my role was not that exciting and it was not easy to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: My team was amazing and I loved my coworkers
I enjoyed the comforts of working for a big company

Cons: SAP Restricted mobility for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: SAP benefits are quite generous

Cons: Pay can be more competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid throughout the years. Positioned well for the future with new ceo.

Cons: A lot of couples from the Customer that comes
Advice: None
Pros: Wonder, it was a wonderful time over

Cons: No cons at all I would say
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work in real

Cons: So many org changes and restructures has shown employees are not valued at this point, it’s all about cost efficiencies
Advice: Really try to retain and promote talent, not just buddies of the buddies get management roles.
Pros: Great company to grow and expand knowledge with amazing talent

Cons: No employee related thinking, very business focused. employees are having hard time to reach out for help
Advice: Think for people who have worked with you for so long
Pros: Slow process in software development

Cons: Old technology, not a lot of career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for! Very good work life balance

Cons: Bad politics and silos in teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good money and good benefits

Cons: Large organization with many processes
Advice: None
Pros: Working at SAP you get the benefit of being the incumbent

Cons: Follows industry fads a little too closely now
Advice: Believe in your people and vision for the company and ignore temporary industry trends
Pros: Great people, great benefits, culture is fantastic

Cons: Christian Klein makes all the decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Super awesome people at SAP

Cons: There are distinct teams with focused responsibilities, and there is a current transition towards more in-office collaboration.
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers abundant career opportunities and significant potential for professional growth.

Cons: Pay has declined across the board for folks in past years.
Advice: Continue to be innovative w pay practices

Pros: Flexible, schedules, work from home and fun events as well as pretty engaged executives

Cons: They can't get out of their way! Need subject matter experts to drive strategy and then IT to deliver technology!
Advice: Look at internal talent before hiring external talent! Use your own tools, listen to your own message.
Pros: SAP is a true technology company and you will meet some of the most intelligent minds in the field.

Cons: The company has been changing rapidly internally from an organizational structure standpoint to better serve our customers as SAP has shifted to a cloud-first company. This change has brought complexities with SAP's GTM strategy. Enormous organization with tons of informational assets and people resources but it can be very challenging to know where/who to go to for what.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an industry leader in enterprise software so the big name reputation goes a long way. SAP has some of the largest, most successful companies in the world running on our software so working day in and day out with our customers is extremely fun and rewarding. The sales job itself is very challenging in a good way because there's always something new to learn as the company continues to innovate and there's always new obstacles to overcome with our customers. In terms of compensation, SAP pays sales reps more than almost all software companies accross the board and top performers have a chance to do extremely well every year.

Cons: Leadership constantly using reorganization as a means to attempt to make the business run better, but often doing so with no strategic planning around what the end results are meant to be or the real best way to get there.
Advice: None
Pros: Many interesting technical people to collaborate with and learn from.

Cons: I have no cons to share. I love this place.
Advice: None
Pros: It is very flexible and coworkers are very knowledgeable

Cons: The board seems to not care about their employees as much as they once did.
Advice: None
Pros: Direct management is always willing to help.

Cons: Middle management don't know what they are doing 
Salary is low
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Relaxed culture
Good Opportunity to move around

Cons: The raises have been behind inflation and cost of living.  The company is not stable; constant threat of layoffs; clear goal to offshore as many jobs as they can.  Inequity in pay policies and advancement opportunities.
Advice: Retirement matches could be increased in % or the amount of match to $1 for $1 / at 100%; and the extra stock purchase incentive be offered more than just me quarter for the 50 year anniversary.
Pros: There was a work from home policy but, SAP is adjusting it.  There had been good work/life balance.  Stock purchase plan is nice, but comparable I’m sure to other large software companies.

Cons: net new is difficult to sell in
Advice: None
Pros: big logo, big name, good brand recognition, competitive pay

Cons: - work balance is difficult 
- internal processes need an overhaul
- management is not transparent 
- complex internal network to master
Advice: SAP will need to continue to hire new talent
Pros: - people are excellent 
- customer respect
- complex problem solving with customers
- autonomy to work and be your best

Cons: The culture used to be great. Then they hired an influx of Oracle individuals and promoted more old white men who should retire.
- backend systems and deal desk is overseas and incredibly slow - think 3 weeks for contracts.
- there is no CRM or knowledge of accounts - it’s excel.
- there is no strategy regarding territory assignments
- they have eliminated spiffs and accelerators
- the culture has gone from okay to terrible
- customers are being bludgeoned to select RISE erp even when not a fit and the company has truly only released only smoke and mirrors innovation since 2020.
Advice: Fire the long time sales regime that is not innovative nor up to speed with a beat in class sales organization.
Buy a true CRM
Localize sales support and simplify contracting 
Automate extremely menial processes and simplify contracting 
Actually teach your partners how to deliver successfully
Stop selling implementation like it’s on-prem.
Pros: The US benefits and 401k were fairly strong

Cons: Frequently Layoffs in the last two years
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and work balance

Cons: Again, depending on your manager will depend on how much you receive for a raise and a bonus.
Advice: Get your act together and assist your employees during this strenuous time.
Pros: Depending on your manager you could get a great raise and bonus.

Cons: Long working hrs, and hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefit u could get as insurance

Cons: low salary and compensation, no RSU
Advice: None
Pros: cozy office and nice colleagues to work togehter

Cons: Too much politics and constant leadership changes
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly coworkers and product opportunities

Cons: Lower salary that I had anticipated
Advice: None
Pros: good company culture and teamwork

Cons: recent years layoff always happened
Advice: None
Pros: its cluture is work life balance

Cons: Company is constantly reorganizing and people leaving
Advice: None
Pros: People are amazing and benefits are great

Cons: Work life balance is a challenge you must manage.
Advice: Current leadership in 2024 needs to me more mindful of competition in the marketplace for enterprise resource planning in North America that may not exist at the same level in Europe.
Pros: Company reputation is built on integrity and they are a leader in their space

Cons: Slow innovation, permanent transformation, stress
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, responsibility, functional specialization

Cons: lower pay compared to other conpanies
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance here

Cons: There were none that I can think of...
Advice: Keep people first.
Pros: culture 
people investment
global exposure

Cons: Long hours, and is somewhat bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are awesome. Pay is above average.

Cons: Long working hrs, and hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: Best benefit u could get as insurance

Cons: Recently released a sweeping mandate requiring ALL employees globally to be in-office 3 days per week. Will be implementing a stricter performance review policy, and they effectively eliminated our employee appreciation tool. Feels like the company is regressing to an "old-school" culture, as they are doing away with everything that made SAP a great place to work. The historically very positive culture is deteriorating fast, and morale is low.
Advice: Listen to your employees. Feedback to recent changes has been loud and clear.
Pros: My colleagues and managers. Most SAP employees are incredibly knowledgeable, friendly, and fun to be around. Worklife balance historically has also been pretty good. Although I fear that with recent changes, the culture will change for the worse.

Cons: Senior levels are a big mess
Advice: Senior leaders should be more connected with team
Pros: Good work culture
People are welcoming

Cons: Too much manager politics
Fake promises about H1B sponsorship by Manager
Advice: If you can't sponsor please tell while hiring don't play with immigrants visa status. 
Pros: Discounted food coupons
Good teammates

Cons: - Board has become greedy. They fired high performant employees as they are expensive/making more and moving roles to low cost regions.
- No ethics - They said restructuring and will place redundant employees in other roles but nothing offered
- Lot of disturbance and employees couldn't focus on work due to constant changes and no confidence on board
Advice: Please take good care of your employees and they'll take care of your business
Pros: SAP was once a great company with a great culture, ethics, and empathy toward employees

Cons: Over the years I had a couple of managers who I did not think were capable, but they soon moved to other roles and overall the managers have been great.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall, SAP has some of the most highly qualified employees I have ever worked with. Company benefits are state-of-the-art. There is a strong sense of teamwork.

Cons: Future of AE is uncertain with GTM restructures, AI, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Great customer base. Regular customers buying often for different projects. Leadership is tenured.

Cons: Product experience still has a long way to go to catch up with the rest of the industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Talented leadership, competitive benefits and salary, great work-life balance. Utterly lovely offices in NYC &amp; Walldorf, DE

Cons: SAP's corporate culture can get in the way of innovation
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has one of the greatest benefits.

Cons: It takes some gumption to make cold calls day in and day out.
Advice: They are doing a great job.
Pros: Managers care and what to help you succeed

Cons: Can micro manage some time
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive environment for new grad

Cons: I only see this company going downhill. They continue to layoff hundreds of employees while making “record profits,” not increasing the salaries of those still there to even match inflation, and have a lot of people working multiple jobs’ workload because they don’t backfill for those they laid off while the board continues to make millions
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work environment and great colleagues

Cons: Low pay. Not dynamic. Advancement difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Straightforward accounting focused work.

Cons: big company-&gt; feels hard to move up
Advice: None
Pros: learn a lot
able to work hybrid/remote
good leadership

Cons: Recent Restructure has been very disruptive
Advice: Listen to your people and clients
Pros: Opportunities, Career Development, Training, People

Cons: Travel budget didn't come back after Covid, leaving remote employees isolated. While there, I had a good manager, mediocre managers and a terrible manager. The studies are true...job satisfaction truly relies on the relationship you have with your manager.
Advice: All of the technology-based "engagement" tools will not keep your employees from burning out. Take HR and ombudsman complaints more seriously.
Pros: They pay well and, since it's a remote role, the hours are flexible.

Cons: Getting transferred to a permanent contracted developer position from the year 2022 - 2024 was very difficult. There was a "hiring freeze" that prevented me from being hired full time regardless of how essential my role on the team was.
Advice: 
Pros: Money is great. Experience even better, equivalent to that of developer. Work life balance is great, Since everyone works in different time zones every individual on the team gets to have their own schedule.

Cons: Not the highest pay compared to other big IT companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people in good working environment.

Cons: ability to succeed is very dependent on accounts
new churn policy 
not paid on renewals
Advice: pay structure needs serious work
Pros: good base
high earning potential

Cons: Behind the technology curve
Relatively low pay for entry level jobs
Moving to low-cost countries for a lot of jobs.
Advice: The recent round of restructuring was done in such a ham-fisted way that it puts into question senior leadership competencies. Please don't blame it on outside consultancy advice.
Pros: Good work-life balance
Large organization allows for career advancement.

Cons: Many weak minded employees and complaining as if they are being asked to go to war (hybrid work)
Advice: None
Pros: great environment and mentor structure for early talent, strong benefits, endless education

Cons: nO cons from SA&amp;P tHANK YOU
Advice: N/A
Pros: Master of data symphonies, weaving insights into harmonious solutions, orchestrating success with precision and creativity.

Cons: Difficult to grow in role
Advice: None
Pros: Love the benefits at SAP

Cons: It was a good job. I can't complain.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a good sized company and lots of opportunities to do different kinds of work.

Cons: Wonky processes to get things done, it's Germany-centric
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay, exceptional health care coverage, decent time off, cafeteria and fitness center, flexible hours depending on manager

Cons: - pay increases can be stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: - everyone is friendly and help you develop in role 
- set goals and how to succeed

Cons: Full of cumbersome work processes
Advice: None
Pros: An orderly and stable company

Cons: Killing off sales culture big time
Advice: None
Pros: Good name and good reputation

Cons: Change is in inevitable.
Difficult to transfer to international SAP locations.
Advice: Continue transparency to employees.  We appreciate it!
Don't lose sight on getting in on new technology.

Pros: Great salary.
SAP provides lunch to full-time employees.
Excellent medical, dental and vision.
Outstanding vacation accruals with an additional 5 personal days.

Cons: Finding fully engaged, highly responsive people to help can be a challenge. Reorg going on right now doesn't help this.
Advice: Hire managers who actually have leadership qualities or potential not just the next diversity hire
Pros: Good solutions that the market actually wants/needs

Cons: A bit slow with getting things done since it's a large company
Advice: None
Pros: Love the people at the company

Cons: Germany is being hit with economic disturbances. The economics don't make sense for USD employee's.
Advice: I like to manage myself to stay busy.  I don't like the woke upper management.
Pros: Lunch from multiple vendors with card on site.

Cons: A lot of internal integrations to be made
Advice: Please consider the eligible candidates for the open position, instead of ext or int openings.
Pros: Growing in the right direction

Cons: frequent lay offs at sap
Advice: no
Pros: all good for sap employees

Cons: Recent changes in strategy and structure can be overwhelming for people that like stability
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company with good benefits and respect for employees

Cons: The products are well behind competitors in terms of ease of use and functionality, I feel like I'm cleaning up messes every day. The massive org makes it impossible to find the teams or people you need, so many tools and resources that we're drowning, pitiful raises this year even though we had record performance, unhappy customers.
Advice: It's easier said than done to stay strategic with our customers.
Pros: Competitive compensation, opportunity to transfer internally, great coworkers, challenging and stimulating work, great place to learn and be mentored

Cons: Heavy travel. Challenging work life balance.
Advice: Be more empathetic during downturns. 
Pros: Solid customer base. Surrounded by smart people. Great culture.

Cons: Burocracy. Sometimes high load of work for the office hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Good payment and flexible working hours

Cons: - Did not receive a full-time offer due to them not hiring at the end of my internship
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Supportive Team
- A lot to learn
- Flexible

Cons: The training could be improved as there is complex process that is primarily self taught
Advice: More training for implementation :)
Pros: -benefits, managers, culture, teams, pto

Cons: Executive Leadership is disconnected employee base.
Advice: Listen to employees concers with the direction of the company. Every 5 years or so we restructure back to what we were doing previously and was working.
Pros: Decent pay and interesting work.

Cons: Return to office, the current CEO..and did I say the current CEO. Raises, paying what people are actually worth..and oh..did I mention the current CEO.
Advice: Listen to your employees. They can make or break a company! 
Pros: I used to have many. No longer have one.

Cons: Not great stock options here
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance here

Cons: I am happy with my salary. No Cons
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good work life balance

Cons: Lots of people to get to know- processes are cumbersome
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity and freedom

Cons: job future uncertainty makes long term planning hard
Advice: decrease uncertainty or risk losing many good people
Pros: make a difference to our customers

Cons: I had several meetings at odd hours because most of the team was based in Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros include a plethora of learning opportunities, supportive environment, and work model freedom.

Cons: Too much control of power at offshore Labs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: Cons of SAP may include complexity in implementation, high costs for small businesses, potential for system customizations, a steep learning curve, and occasional challenges in customer support responsiveness.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at SAP offers numerous advantages, including its global presence, commitment to innovation and technology, and a diverse and inclusive workforce. Employees benefit from career development opportunities, comprehensive benefits, and a strong emphasis on work-life balance. SAP's corporate social responsibility initiatives contribute to a positive impact on communities and the environment. The company fosters an inclusive culture that values the contributions of all employees and promotes collaboration. SAP's recognition and rewards programs, continuous learning culture, and innovative workspaces further contribute to a positive and fulfilling work environment.

Cons: I can’t think of any disadvantages that other big tech companies wouldn’t have
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and flexibility on your schedule. Managers very open to hear employees

Cons: HQ in Germany, so reduced visibility to leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Large enterprise with focus on people. 
Very competitive with benefits, salaries and perks.

Cons: SAP used to be an excellent place to work back under the leadership of CEO Bill McDermott. Those days are gone. Thankfully, the current CEO Christian is pretty good. Although the management team in the front office is not as strong as it’s been in past decades, C’est la vie.
Advice: None
Pros: Been working at SAP for almost 2 decades. Now in 2024 it’s a pretty good company to work for. Benefits are solid, industry positioning is semi solid, big company politics are as expected.

Cons: Employment is not as stable as it used to be, restructuring in past two years has morale and motivation low. Work-life balance is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is reasonable, opportunities are good, A lot of latest tech is available to you.

Cons: The German culture does show and most often, if you get to work for some there, it can be tough. They are very matter of fact and usually have an unemotional approach to everything.
Advice: None
Pros: They are a decent company, however it will all depend on who you work for.

Cons: Toxic Team members
Dependency creating long timers
Credit Stealers
Zero Transparency
Pay hike not based on work performance, but purely based on acting performance and managers preference
Advice: Look after employees and your workforce rather than rattling them off not to ask for raise or question management with the word layoff and restructuring
Pros: Wide array of tools and technologies to learn
Free access to learning platforms
Car lease policy
Free lunch &amp; transportation

Cons: Conversion only if they have budget
Advice: Keep your interns with you.
Pros: Good work culture
Good network

Cons: Progressions are slower than other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work for any role

Cons: RTO even if you don't have coworkers there at new office.
Current CEO is out of touch with yearly layoffs.
Advice: Would it matter ?
Pros: Salary, vacation time. Unlimited sick within reason.

Cons: Benefits are made worse and worse every year.
DEI is ONLY done in name, not in reality. No budget is ever given to the topic.
Everything is a bureaucratic nightmare of processes layered on processes. 
Executives are worthless. A year or two after something is trending, they will latch onto it, and push it like nobody's heard of it before.
Advice: Fire every exec and board member that Hasso Plattner has recommended or mentored, and get fresh people in that he has no influence over. His picks are all duds. Christian Klein, in particular, shows no semblance of real leadership.
Pros: Lower-level, direct management has been amazing my 5+ years here.

Cons: Executive Leadership is disconnected employee base.
Advice: Listen to employees concers with the direction of the company. Every 5 years or so we restructure back to what we were doing previously and was working.
Pros: Decent pay and interesting work.

Cons: Depending on team, required to work on different time zones.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, learning platforms

Cons: less pay so becareful when joining
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and very good wlf

Cons: Return to the office being mandatory as of Q2 '24
Advice: None
Pros: Good teammates to work with

Cons: Huge disconnect between global leaderships' growth strategy and realistic expectations/quotas for individual contributors.
Advice: Build global growth strategy in collaboration with your direct employees not Wall Street.
Pros: Great direct company culture and plenty of intelligent resources to help you close deals.

Cons: No room for growth. Progressions once every 3-5 years. Raises do not keep up with inflation, making less than when I started 7 years ago. Aggressive RTO policy. WFH was my favorite (most important) benefit. 3 days in the office mandatory and enforced, vut not enough workspace for employees. Demands increase every year while rewards go away.
Advice: Use the carrot not the stick. Start rewarding employees instead of threatening them. Promote people and backfill when people leave.
Pros: Great colleagues, free/discounted lunch, 40% match on 401k up to 6% of salary.

Cons: Return to office 3 days a week
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and training

Cons: Slow to change - very much pivoted back to Germany after CK became CEO (has made a lot of good changes).
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. If your role is embraced by the 'Core' team, SAP can offer you a good job / career.

Cons: lots of work
lots of stress
lots of people
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus good pay
good people
good pay
good people

Cons: A little unstructured internship program
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team, very helpful and kind

Cons: less pay compared to peers
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits and work life balance

Cons: bad product, lots of changes in direction
Advice: None
Pros: chill environment but lots of favoritism

Cons: Management is horrible. Very “straight white male” so if you’re female, a minority, or anything other than straight, don’t even bother. You will be grossly underpaid in comparison to your colleagues and if you complain, you’ll be removed. And trust me, they’ll find some asinine reason to do so.
Advice: Review and act on the people survey results. If a manager is getting a low NPS or they’re in the negative, they are the problem, not the team! And when it happens to be negative two times in a row or more, that should be an even bigger red flag. Just because the manager use to be a board members assistant doesn’t mean they are management material.
Pros: Amazing colleagues and if you’re in the right team, it’s a great opportunity to grow and learn.

Cons: Need more leadership transparency at board level
Advice: Look at more options vs layoffs
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay
Good culture

Cons: Would like more transparency to what it takes to level up whether it be next level as individual contributor or leadership
Advice: Investing in the midmarket team can only help drive more revenue
Pros: Good culture, good pay, good product

Cons: 2024 return to office policy, global numbers game with recent restructure
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive benefits and salary, great work-life balance

Cons: Starting to implement a hybrid model vs. 100% remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible people, amazing benefits, flexible working location, and ability to move roles around the company based on interest.

Cons: Sales mgmt needs a complete overhaul. It's still very much a "boys club" with an extreme amount of corporate politics. The goals are unrealistic, yet the company still shows it's making their number. This is due to the company placing a higher quota on the sales org than the companies anticipated financial performance. There is a significant gap in the "haves and have nots" amongst sakes reps. 
Not all territories are created equal by a long shot. It takes a long time to build up a pipeline and close deals. If you are not making your number or very close to it within a year, you WILL be managed out, even if you're on the uptick. Managers will remove s significant number of reps on their team and the company will not even consider looking at the leadership qualities / styles of its sales management. Lastly, the training is lacking. The expectation is what I would call, trial by fire. In my first year, I wasn't shown a demo of the core product itself. The HR department is negligent at best. HR complaints almost always side with the company even though they boast of policies in place to support and protect employees. Extremely hypocritical. I've witnessed numerous cases of this in my 5+ years with SAP. Lastly, you're expected to work 40+ hours consistently. I was told numerous times since I've been here...this is NOT a 40 hour a week job, period." There is little to no life balance, but yet we are told this is "being worked on" at Sr leadership levels. Certainly NOT in the sales org.
Advice: Evaluate your sales leadership further vs. churning through very good reps with many years of software sales experience.  Many leaders simply "blame their reps &amp; manage them out" when performance suffers to save their own jobs.  The Sr leadership simply turns the other way.
Pros: Large company with a significant amount of internal support for the sales org. The benefits are very good in my opinion as well. Sr leadership has a decent vision of where the company is going and needs to get to. SAP hods a high amount of dominance in the ERP space globally. The partner network int he US and globally is very strong as well with a lot of options and niches available to the diverse portfolio of companies who use SAP products.

Cons: Culture and leadership is better in core SAP divisions compared to the ISBN division, which is composed of Ariba, Fieldglass, and Concur.
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand, benefits, and overall compensation. Flexible work environment, good work/life balance.

Cons: Destroying mental heath of everyone dragging the layoff for more than 3 months after announcement in January
Advice: None
Pros: Not applicable
Not applicable 
Not applicable

Cons: Destroying mental heath of everyone dragging the layoff for more than 3 months after announcement in January
Advice: None
Pros: Not applicable
Not applicable 
Not applicable

Cons: Company restructure gaining work extra responsibilities and no extra pay. No clear direction and leadership letting sales get away with setting incorrect expectations creating monsters. Horrible place to work! Not the same SAP.
Advice: The pressure is understandable it’s not you, it’s CK.
Pros: Benefits are very good, but insurance co-pays are increasing.

Cons: There are some challenges internally within the teams on processes and red tape, trying to get deals done. You need to be a serious self starter to figure things out on sometimes.
Advice: Find a way to improve the processes when putting deals together or our customers.
Pros: SAP treats, their women in account executive and leadership roles equal to the men.

Cons: Large orgaization, Germany centric set up can be challenging for global employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, smart people, global opportunities

Cons: Potential for 100% travel. Lots of organizational changes.
Advice: Need to consider employee input before making global decisions that effect employee perfomance
Pros: People centric and great training

Cons: - RTO
- Below Market Salaries
- Yearly Layoffs 
- US Jobs moving to low cost countrie
- Tone-deaf management
Advice: None
Pros: I would like to know as well

Cons: Work-life balance can be difficult to accomplish depending on your group.
Advice: None
Pros: Many learning opportunities for your career growth

Cons: Constant change requires new information every few months, which may be overwhelming
Advice: None
Pros: Constant change, taken place every year, leading with new technology and innovation.

Cons: the power center is definitely shifting back to Germany
Advice: None
Pros: you can expect good Work-life balance

Cons: Horrible management, I mean extremely incompetent. These people should be restocking my La Croix to be honest...
Advice: Hire better
Pros: Good company, decent pay with good perks

Cons: Company does not have stable direction.
Advice: Provide a better go forward plan.
Pros: Great Colleagues to work with.

Cons: Lack of career path for employees.
Advice: Better career paths.
Pros: Strong company, good working conditions, good salary.

Cons: My career trajectory is a bit rocky currently. Company is going through some changes, but things should be getting better.
Advice: None
Pros: * ton of sales training, with lots of one on ones to help you prosper in your career
*Great work environment, and lots of recognition for hard work

Cons: None, it is an amazing place to work.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great working environment and office.

Cons: Constant leadership change, hard to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, remote work options .

Cons: SAP must continue its drive to the cloud with laser focus while leaving no customer behind. This is evolving nicely, though.
Advice: Stay the cloud course, sharpen the AI focus but not at the expense of ERP in the cloud, but as an addition to the core value of SAP ERP
Pros: Amazing professionalism and knowledge of colleagues. Amazing Brand power. Great customer base, the IT backbone of global commerce.

Cons: A lot of changes recently
Advice: None
Pros: Great people who are very willing to help you grow within your career

Cons: Not really much to share here
Advice: Should really engage with the sales floor more
Pros: Leadership and Energy in the office is amazing.

Cons: SAP Just announced mandatory 3 days per week return to office policy after years of promises of Flexible work choices continuing. Even before the pandemic my team came to the office 2 times per week at most. There are also signs that we may be headed towards a stack ranking type performance review after years of leaving it to individual managers. I have lost trust in a company I’ve enjoyed working for, for a decade.
Advice: Keep your promises!
Pros: Remains to be seen if work/life balance remains a big pro to this company

Cons: Global company. Tough to move positions if located in US
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Solid processes and procedures in my area

Cons: Can be a little confusing when you first join the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and workplace environment!

Cons: Lower pay than typical tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is very nice, great people

Cons: no empowerment. all decisions made from Waldorf Germany and you're expected to fall in line
Advice: None
Pros: some great leaders and co-workers

Cons: The biggest con of SAP is the executive board. For the past several years the board has been seemingly trying their hardest to destroy employee trust. During the pandemic they lied to all of us, promising that they were embracing a flexible work environment. Only to do a complete 180 and now requiring every employee globally to be in an office 3-days a week, regardless if you are 2 hours from an office and regardless of personal circumstance. I will no longer suggest SAP as a good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: The best part about SAP is undoubtedly the people. I have met some of the kindest, smartest, most incredible people working at SAP.

Cons: So much to learn so little time.
Advice: Provide career planning for people.
Pros: People, Strategy, Products, and benefits. Did I mention People ?!

Cons: No motivated or talented devs
Advice: Attract more youmg talent
Pros: Free food,Like alot of it.

Cons: low pay, some technical debts
Advice: None
Pros: good WLB, not a lot of politics

Cons: Being on call evenings and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Life-work balance
Salary
Career advancement

Cons: I don't know the shortages
Advice: None
Pros: very good and work life balance

Cons: Location of HQ
Size of organization
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Vacations
Work / Life Balance
Diversity and inclusion

Cons: Backend systems could be more nimble.
Advice: None
Pros: Leading software and very proactive in solutions for customers. Great collaboration. Great culture.

Cons: Bureaucracy, slow for company to adapt to outside changes
Advice: None
Pros: Well supported employees, excellent benefits and high salaries

Cons: - Career growth is limited to the point that you risk falling behind your industry peers
Advice: Less politics, less German management monopoly.
Pros: - It's not a high pressure environment
- People are generally friendly

Cons: The small company for which I worked was not onboarded into SAP well when it was acquired. As a result, it took a long time for us to learn SAP's structure - particularly sales and project management.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP actually does care and tries to take care of its employees.
Compensation is good.
Company culture is supportive.

Cons: Relatively dated German management style that is yet to understand the value that the internet can bring to drive awareness and ultimately growth
Advice: None
Pros: Oportunity to work with some of the largest companies in the world, along side of some of the most talented people in the world

Cons: The organization has an opportunity to consolidate as one whole organization. Their multiple investments sometimes behave as a separate org.
Advice: Allow for skip level one-to-one and become One. I think SAP is an outstanding organization. Become one full organization, do not let acquisitions separate from the values and mission. Have full visibility over the structure, over employees &amp; leaders behavior without glass ceiling... This will allow SAP to roar and lead and grow with excellence and become the number 1 in the market place. 
Pros: They care for the employee wellness overall, development and growth

Cons: Processes can slow down the actual work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Good people to work with.

Cons: Low acceptance rate in Interviews
Advice: None
Pros: Good salery and lots of benefits

Cons: Culture is rapidly declining as layoffs are the new norm. Opportunities for advancement are few. Pay is very low.
Advice: None
Pros: Good colleagues
Work life balance

Cons: Limited growth potential although pay is good.
Advice: Cut down the number of levels and no-value add managers/execs. Too much duplication.
Pros: Sufficient freedom to do what you need to do.

Cons: Underpaid
Hard to move up
Products need major improvements 
Renewal rates Dropping
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work life balance 
I've explored 3 different roles within the company

Cons: reducing customer interaction by moving to shared service model and 100% self-service and AI support
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexible work arrangement, ample career opportunities, learning opportunities

Cons: high pay disparity among employees
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and great benefits

Cons: Getting bigger so harder to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: lots of smart people and energizing work

Cons: RTO
Salary is low
New board destroying WLB 
Low morale
Advice: 
Pros: Great coworkers that will work hard to meet customers expectations

Cons: Leadership has decided to enact a sweeping RTO policy, even for those hired into remote positions before the pandemic. 

Difficult to obtain fair pay raises as an internal employee, regardless of performance. 

Unsupportive management
Advice: Listen to your people. Happy employees provide the best results.
Pros: The people. This company has some of the best people.

The culture was also wonderful but it seems to be changing.

Cons: They betray and lie. And they smile while doing it. Just two years ago they sent an email stating how they’re going to allow us to work from home because it’s better blah blah blah. Well - lies. Now we’re going into the office for no reason. Our teams are scattered all over the world, so there’s zero benefit.

Also, managers don’t get held accountable. Mine threatened me and my family, yet he’s still there.
Advice: Change your mind about RTO. It’s demoralizing, and will not allow employees best performance.
Pros: Free lunch is a plus

Cons: Sometimes life balance was hard to achieve with the workload, but I knew that going in as a project manager working in Professional Services.
Advice: None
Pros: I really liked the team and my boss at SAP. Pay is competitive and benefits are great. Lots of training us up on our skills.

Cons: Office politics and favoritism, managers and execs whose only job has been with SAP and literally have no idea of how different the outer world is. Old mindset, D&amp;I only on the surface and, overall, leadership does not walk the talk. Very disappointing.
Advice: I would suggest to try something new, but you cannot teach an old dog a new trick, I am afraid.
Pros: Lots of learning and access to great talents. Huge customer base. Good benefits.

Cons: Impossible to advance if you are not based in Germany. Multiple teams working on same projects.
Advice: Mandate advancement criteria for managers to follow to prevent holding on to top talent preventing talent to grow.
Pros: Benefits good with global interactions broad range of topics.

Cons: Management is not qualified at all.Short sighted
Advice: None
Pros: Office location is expensive and scenary good

Cons: STRESS Work , NEW PROJECTS , Skill development low
Advice: None
Pros: HOME OFFICE and TEAM SUPPORT

Cons: Low pay and no good stock options.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for full time.

Cons: Sometimes it feels too big
Advice: None
Pros: Being a large company there are growth opportunities across the business but you need to take the initiative

Cons: Return to office mandate
Board giving themselves huge raises
Advice: None
Pros: Nice coworkers which I can happily talk via teams

Cons: Recent announcement retracting Pledge to Flex allowing employees to work from where they work best. Now mandating 3 days per week at the nearest office - even if you don't have anyone there on your team.
Advice: Walk back the 3 day per week mandate and trust your employees to do the right thing for the business. Our results demonstrate for themselves.
Pros: Used to be great benefits, some still are, but some of the best are eroding away.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work it was fun while it lasted.

Cons: Management need to shake up; lack of direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, life work balance. Peers supportive.

Cons: Can't really think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a rotational program experience that allowed me to explore different teams and their dynamics

Cons: Has become to HR structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and learning opportunities

Cons: Very large so not in tune with details for each area product needs.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and Competitive salary.

Cons: The company is passing through a transition but it is going very well
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and work environment are great

Cons: Can't think of any at this time.
Advice: Keep up that great work!
Pros: Strategic company that enabled the sales team.

Cons: The amount of uncertainty with staff reductions around the world was worrisome. Too many times we spent effort in wondering if we would be the next ones to lose our job.
Advice: None
Pros: It was great to work with people from all over the world. The company has good benefits and a wonderful inclusive policy.

Cons: low salary. Work is boring.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance. Many holidays.

Cons: Work is not going to be exceptionally inventive. Very bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Very stable. Good work-life balance

Cons: 1) not great benefits compared with peer companies in bay area
2) very limited RSUs
Advice: None
Pros: 1) Accrued PTO
2) flexible work locations in bay area

Cons: Pay is below average. What flexibility we had to work from home and contributed to our work life balance is now gone. 3 days in office mandatory, for no good reason. The team I work with is spread out globally.
Advice: Give us flexibility back. The only reason to accept low pay was flexibility. Now that it is gone, it is not worth it to stay.
Pros: Awesome coworkers and managers. Great benefits. Higher education tuition assistance.

Cons: Little chance for advancement or growth
Advice: Don't terminate employees based on age 
Pros: SAP did offer geat benefits

Cons: But they are CONSTANTLY transforming to the point of "change fatigue"
Advice: None
Pros: The company is trying to do a great job with it's ransformation.

Cons: Bureaucratic for a tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Attempts to treat employees fairly.  Interesting products and market offering.

Cons: Little bit slower in making major tech decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great work ethics and easy to work with cross teams most of the time

Cons: Believes in hiring new hires, lower cost and eliminating previous employees
Advice: None
Pros: Company pays well good vacation policy

Cons: Hard to get ahead outside of Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, lots of perks

Cons: Bad money for competent people and poor culture- ppl care more about networking than doing well
Advice: Transfer decisions to the USA and pay for good engineers
Pros: Good work life balance for sure, and a product that is central to business and can’t be changed by existing customers.

Cons: Continuous reorganization and changing leadership
Advice: Invest more in the employees
Pros: Good benefits
flexible and hybrid work options
Lots of room to grow

Cons: not much career opportunity. Pay grade will depend on your task, not your capability.
Advice: None
Pros: have work and life balance

Cons: Can't really think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a rotational program experience that allowed me to explore different teams and their dynamics

Cons: The main one - Christian Klein
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work until April I guess

Cons: Not much room for growth, internal politics
Advice: More one on one meetings with employees.
Pros: Access to new tech, Lots of opportunity for learning, work/life balance, flex/hybrid remote

Cons: Not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Subsidized lunch and remote work

Cons: RTO
Yearly layoffs
No such thing as rewarding high performers
Advice: None
Pros: I am not homeless; for now

Cons: Stagnant in strategy and limits growth in ambition for margin
Advice: None
Pros: Pays for talent and celebrates success

Cons: Constant changes to role and expectations so never same year to year.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of training, and a positive work environment

Cons: life /work balance is at times out of control
Advice: Listen more to the wisdom of the crowd
Pros: Opportunity for global exposure; develop your own career path; appreciates hard work, intelligence and communication talent

Cons: RSUs are managers descrete
Management
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture
Work life balance
Benefits

Cons: Pointless return-to-office policy announced in 2024
Layoffs...again!
Advice: Please do not drag out restructuring and layoffs over months.
Pros: Good work culture
Benefits
Employee friendly policies

Cons: Little room for growth or upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Team
Training 
Collaborative
Interesting work

Cons: RTO ( Hybrid ) 
Layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Engaging Work Environment
Career Development

Cons: sap has little interest in sales people and no diversity
Advice: None
Pros: decent money, complex exciting sale cycles

Cons: can be slow in projects
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance
people friendly

Cons: hard to develop career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good People
Good Benefits
good WLB

Cons: Silo's
Frequent Restructuring, need to scramble to find new positions
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Strong Company 
Industry Leader

Cons: On projects, work life balance is poor and your manager you are under will greatly determine your experience.
Advice: None
Pros: The openess of SAP. Environment for learning and sharing information that is hard to find in the consultant industry.

Cons: Nothing I can think of as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is having loads of good technical work. Good learning opportunity. Good flexibility.

Cons: Board doesn’t care about employees anymore, just bottom line
Advice: STOP the Return to Office (RTO) mandate!
Pros: Not many left these days

Cons: Large company - lots of processes
Advice: Be transparent, Be agile, Be empathetic,
Pros: Phenomenal team culture
Wonderful Work Life Balance with Flex Work (Remote)

Cons: Culture of overworking and some slight prejudices
Advice: None
Pros: Great teammates and very good benefits

Cons: Terrible, process-heavy company. Top-down hierarchy. Relying on customer's reluctance to switch away from legacy apps (similar to the mainframe computing)
Advice: None
Pros: Can't think of many worth sharing

Cons: They are now requiring office attendance, reneging on their pledge to be flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, lots of learning opportunities

Cons: After the SAP acquisition, leadership changed. SAP forced changes on Fieldglass which impacted Fieldglass' ability to serve customers.
Advice: None
Pros: The office is located across Canal St from Ogilvie station, making it a great location for commuters across Chicagoland.

Cons: Cons are this company does lots of layoffs, pay is not very competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: It was fine working here.

Cons: Too unstable and disorganized in management decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Nice employee programs, opportunity to find alternative jobs/position within the company

Cons: Can be a lot of travel at times
Advice: None
Pros: High energy workplace, lots of great people to work with

Cons: Less Salary as compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Team and work and managers are quiet chill

Cons: Commission payments are very low
Advice: None
Pros: Broad product suite to sell

Cons: Work life balance can be tough at times
Advice: None
Pros: - excellent benefits
- good people

Cons: The company is just so big. Many employees and leaders are not looking out for your best interests. It’s also very difficult to move internally and get a fair pay increase.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and training, resources, and professional development.

Cons: No concerns but rapid technology changes require great amount of time to get trained.
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive leadership team to develop new skills , listening to innovative ideas .

Cons: It is hard to get in
Advice: None
Pros: a good place to work and has a great atmosphere

Cons: Very big company that can be hard to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP treats its workers right.

Cons: Hard to make large changes in the company due to the size and complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people with great benefit. 15 days PTO + 5 days personal days off.

Cons: A little less compensation as compared to peers
Advice: None
Pros: Managers have not only the people skills but also have great technical skills.
Have great people who value each other.

Cons: SAP is a bit restricted with pay raises.
Advice: None
Pros: Push to use new technologies and a lot of free range to implement best practices and use your own judgement.

Cons: None, had a great learning experience at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities to shape your career

Cons: Limited opportunity for advancement, pay is average
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Balance, Paid Time Off, No Micro Managing

Cons: Culture can be toxic due to high risers trying manage up and get promoted and not caring about the people around them
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Good work life balance

Cons: Poor leadership feedback and transparency of responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Great employee and health benefits

Cons: promotion is slow and long business process
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great people, thriving D&amp;I

Cons: Company needs new blood, old-school folks still holding onto power (some deserve it, not all).
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, process, and predictability. Still a leader.

Cons: Who actually likes their SAP product?
Advice: 30% growth YoY and cutting 8k positions? What?
Pros: Get paid while making others wildly wealthy

Cons: It’s a big company and there’s a lot of change.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great culture, benefits and purpose

Cons: Nothing I can think of as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is having loads of good technical work. Good learning opportunity. Good flexibility.

Cons: Professional Growth is not that much great
Advice: None
Pros: SAP Is the retirement company

Cons: Recently the board is pushing everybody to return to office 3 days a week even when you don't have direct colleagues at your office - which is completely nonsense.
Advice: Do not enforce all the company to return to office when it is not necessary most of the times.
Pros: Benefits related to health and work life balance

Cons: Not much as far I see
Advice: None
Pros: Decent work and good team

Cons: Large organization can be hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Room to advanced flexible work schedule

Cons: No complaints so far - time will tell
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn skills

Cons: Work life balance due to reorg
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work on new products

Cons: Not high growth company. no ipo.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, pay well, great calture, European flavour

Cons: Dispersed Teams, Time Zones can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good, People are great

Cons: Never enough time to get it all done.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, People, Challenging, Compensation, Opportunity

Cons: Large company and a lot of travel
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Insurance and leave

Cons: Ready to be located to San Francisco
Advice: None
Pros: Professional development - managers allow you to explore new technologies

Cons: - pay
- not diverse (mostly indian)
Advice: None
Pros: - Work life balance
-

Cons: I don't have any cons that I would like to highlight.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Work life balance and interesting products to work on

Cons: This site is a remote location to headquarters.
Advice: None
Pros: Best work life balance. Best in class culture.

Cons: Low pay 
too many conflicting priorities
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of internal opportunities
Hybrid flexibility

Cons: Low pay for industry, failing to uphold hiring agreements, worldwide foreign bribery charges
Advice: They have been given plenty, but they disregard all input. Not putting in the energy.
Pros: Paycheck, standard benefits, a job

Cons: Constant change and layoffs can be hard to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: Remote,Flexibility, pay, and travel perks

Cons: overloaded with work, need to work many weekends, not great weekend compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, planty of opportunities, interesting tasks

Cons: Huge Company
Moves Slowly
Teams spread all over the world
Advice: None
Pros: Well Paying
Amazing Benefits
Stock Purchase Plan

Cons: Very large global corporation where you feel like a number
Advice: None
Pros: SAP training opportunities in multiple disciplines
