Cons: MRP, ERP and any other 3 letter alphabet soup systems can be like chewing chalk however the amount of sophistication and technology required to get this stuff right add some luster back.  Regarding company size, this can be daunting almost like you need a map.  This makes it difficult to determine the interfaces and moving parts in any strategic effort as there are many stakeholders whos intent has to be gauged and accounted for.  This just means you have to be more astute and organized if you're dealing with senior level work.  I guess this would apply to any large company and SAP being a German company means you must be culturally aware.
Advice: Keep innovating and looking for additional opportunities that complement the core competencies of the company
Pros: Opportunities - tons of them.  Chance to travel and work overseas.  Company is well known, maybe for its legacy systems but it is the 800 lb gorilla.  Working in a 50,000 employee company can be a bit daunting however the converse means plenty of opportunity.  I think it comes down to "think globally, act locally" by this I mean it's who your immediate management chain is that will really make or break the work environment.  Maybe this is obvious but this mitigates the fact the company is so large.  The benefits are also extensive and the company takes care of its performers.  A critical view of any company is how they handle the top 10%.  This may seem elitist but if you don't take care of your top 10%, you will find them elsewhere.  SAP understands this.

Cons: One of the largest problems at SAP, which is of no exception to any corporation over 50,000 people, is the incredible amount of red tape one must go through to push forward specific initiatives - regardless of how pressing. It is truly a German company that is not only obsessed with efficiency and achieving true economies of scale (by staffing in such a way that boxes people in to specializing in one specific function rather than a solid cross-functional understanding of the departments in which they work), but also in that one must know someone to achieve a promotion with the organization.
Advice: To help foster an environment where the goal isn't achieving perfect economies of scale in regards to employee skill specialization. The current model has a tendency to encourage work performed in a vacuum with minimal accountability.
Pros: At SAP the benefits are stellar and significantly higher than of any other technology corporation. The work/life balance is also what you make of it. Most of my colleagues work a 9 to 5 shift, but others work 8-10. The sky's the limit. The beauty though, is you can rest assured that your efforts will not go unnoticed. Its a company that always rewards hard workers and annually (and quarterly) reviews each and every employee to ensure that you are continually working with nothing but the best. This not only guarantees that you will always be working with smart minds, but also that you yourself will be provided with an opportunity to grow from your peers.

Cons: There's a lot of fat here. The marketing organization in particular has a lot, and I wonder how they keep their jobs given how many airy ideas they have without results to show for it. I don't think most of them realize how good they have it here, since it's been so long since they've had layoffs, so they can be a bit complacent. Many people work remotely, which can be a good or bad thing, depending on your work style and perspective. It can be very bureaucratic. A simple task can be routed to five different people before you finally find the person who can get it done. Finally, it is a matrix organization, so sometimes you feel like you're herding cats.
Advice: This is a great place to work and build a career. Find ways to measure people on results in the marketing organization.
Pros: Challenging, interesting work, with plenty of job mobility. Everyone changes jobs internally every couple of years, and that's accepted. As a whole, my coworkers are smart, industrious, and collaborative. They are genuinely nice. Even the jerks are nice compared to some of the yo-yo's I've worked with in other companies. The hours are very manageable, and it's possible to work 40 hours and have time for a real life outside the office. FT employees appreciate the perks like a free gym, subsidized lunch, on-site Starbucks, and employee parties and family days.

Cons: Really long hours due to global timezones, hard to balance work / life, sometimes the cultures clash a bit when the "go slow and do it perfectly" doesn't mix with the "go fast and be early to market" groups don't mix well.  There's a German Workers Council (like unions in the U.S.) which is a hold-over from the long-ago days of craftsmen's guilds that is outdated (but required by German law) which can slow and complicate things.
Advice: Simplify and focus.  Do fewer things, better.  Embrace a more customer-focused, market-focused approach (give up some of the engineering precision and need for perfect clarity that holds back fast innovation and risk-taking).
Pros: Culturally diverse, global, strong ethics and integrity of senior management, long-range thinking and planning, attention to detail, foundational strength of the core business.  It is #1 in its market space (business applications).  It has a very strong community of developers (http://sdn.sap.com) and business process experts. It has a welcoming and engaged approach to its partners.  SAP participates actively with its many country-based independent customer user groups.  SAP listens intently to its customers in order to serve them better with more than a profit motive in mind.

Cons: Its a very quiet office, to the point that the air from the AC can be distracting.  It's a German company so for the most part that means a cool, European environment, but some of the execs are a little weird.  They're very rarely here though, so that has no effect.  Tons of interns, a lot who don't seem to do anything, gives the office a weird hipster, high school feeling.  Somewhat hilarious, considering that SAP makes software solutions, the office is so low-tech.  The SAP "portal" has to be updated by lengthy email requests and is pretty useless.
Advice: None, I think everyone's happy.
Pros: First, let me say that SAP divides it employees into essentially 2 groups, contractors and regular employees.  All the support positions (admin, facilities) are contractors.  
SAP has very deep pockets and pays well, provides great benefits, and offers free lunch.  The office is gorgeous and mostly serves to host meetings.  SAP is very laid back about flex time and working from home, so as a result, the office is almost completely empty on Fridays and rarely gets that lively in general.  I suppose it has its politics and silly corporate shenanigans, but for the most part, everyone here is very nice and calm.

Cons: The consensus driven culture that is instilled in the company by its strong German roots can at times paralyze decision making processes, and slow reaction to competition.  (that said, the company has become much better at reacting in recent years.)  Sometimes too many people are consulted on management decisions that should be made at lower levels. The geographical spread of the broader organization, and the dispersion of functional and marketing units, can add a significant degree of complexity to go to market and other company wide roll outs.  that said, this global footprint is a serious advantage  in dealing with large clients.
Advice: Give lower managers more leeway in decision making.
Pros: At SAP America (and SAP Labs) you are surrounded by top talent from across the globe.  The benefits are industry competitive and the work environment is unparalleled for a business-customer focused firm.  The company is extremely accommodating when it comes to working needs (time off; work from home).  Consensus driven culture means that managers (both direct and top level) take the time to consider input from lower down the food chain.  Significant work occurs across departments and across geographies, so you are exposed to a variety of personalities and systems, which make things very interesting at times, for better or worse.

Cons: Once you joined in a position and most importantly salary range, it is significantly tougher to make salary jumps as opposed when you join externally. Guess this is the flip side of the coin, where hierarchies are rather flat so there is limited opportunities for growth in the classical management carreer path, even though SAP offers expert carreer pathes and project management carreer pathes to compensate for this. Outside recognition of those titles though is awkward for interaction with customers. 
It is a very much consensus driven company which at times hinders fast paced innovation, creating internal competition rather than the best possible synergetic approaches
Advice: Draft internal talent more effectively
Pros: You can really make things happen here. Rather flat hierarchies, very globally oriented company with loads of very smart people. Senior management is very accessible and it is a very stable employer who really protects their employees. Given the international setup there are a lot of opportunities to travel, work in intercultural setups, work accross different time zones and interaction between employees is very informal. Flexible work time agreements, generous vacation packages even in the US, possibilities to explore different carreer pathes. It is the leader in business applications and tends to make the right decisions.

Cons: Most of the jobs in Services and Sales require extensive travel.
Long term objectives are sometimes circumvented by the short term need to hit targets or metrics.
Company has remarkably different corporate culture when comparing the US and Germany and other subsidiaries. The US can be too focused on making the deal, Germany can be too focused on making the technology. In the not too distant future we'll see what the army of Indians bring to the table.
Advice: Stop managing the company quarter to quarter. The board does a very good job of looking out several years and investing accordingly. Most of the layers of management below that are focusing on quarterly and annual targets.
Pros: Good products with an A-List customer base. SAP offers competitive remuneration with a pay for performance approach. It is possible to advance rapidly. Global mobility with SAP and in the larger SAP ecosystem if very good.

Cons: Large organization that can feel difficult to navigate. Also, bureaucratic for a tech company though not sure how it compares with other organizations with 50,000+ employees.
Advice: Lets shake things up in things that do not add value but at the same time don't go overboard in the whole sales focused culture
Pros: Market leadership in the enterprise software space, a competent management team, an open culture (at least within SAP Global Marketing which is based primarily in New York and Palo Alto,) a continuous desire to do better. A very distinct strategy compared to the primary competitor - something that has been successful thus far. 
On average folks are very sharp - a lot of ex-management consultants from top strategy firms such as McKinsey, BCG, Booz. Also, top of the line compensation, some generous benefits e.g. free lunch, soda, water, coffee. 

Overall agree with company strategy, its focus on employees and customer value creation.

Cons: Company is very conservative and business is over-influenced by legal considerations.  Employees seem to be hesitant to criticize the lack of potential imporovements to productivity, such as SAP applications that are difficult to interface with standard software.
Advice: Quit being so afraid of being sued by competetors and disgruntled employees.  Allow your managers to manage, and stop driving all HR issues with your fear of litigation.
Pros: Great benefits package as well as pay.  Good people to work with.  Impressive programs designed to identify potential high performers.  They are obviously doing something right, as evidenced by their market share in the ERP software industry.  SAP Senior Management rallies the troops very well.  Offices are quite modern and comfortable.  Nice little perks, such as a lunch program for office based employees.

Cons: If you are the type that needs specific directions and plans to perform your job, this is not the place for you. If you do not like to travel, again, not the place for you.
Advice: Continue to listen to your employees and take the best of their suggestions. They will do most of your work for you.
Pros: SAP allows employees the freedom to do the job without micro-management. Employees are empowered to create their own solutions and execute. The work hours can be long sometimes, but flexibility is given when needed. You are never alone at SAP. You always have a very large team to help you. Team work is not just something that is encouraged, it is part of the life here. We say it and we mean it, "There are no stupid questions"! If you need help, someone will help you.

Cons: Hard work. Culture is to work very hard and long hours. SAP always wants more from employees.
Advice: Cut back on administrative activities and focus more on performance.
Pros: Lots of opportunity, a solid company, new things to learn. SAP has good products and a pretty solid management team. Of course, there are good things and bad things about SAP and there are good and bad managers. But, as a whole, it's a good company to work for if you can deal with working for a big company. It definitely doesn't have a start-up feel and after 4 years I still don't understand the org structure. But, you can grow at SAP and the benefits typically seem to outway the issues. Pay and benefits are pretty competitive and there's even a pension.

Cons: Culture can be slanted to 'German' side of the house. Depending on which department you are in can be a decent place or bad. Large corporation with typical politics. Travel cab be excessive. Can have peaks or periods of time where you are working much more than your 40hr week. Is not as loyal to employees now in 2008 as it was in the 1990's. They will cut people without thinking if the numbers are not being met, just like every other large corporation.
Advice: Senior Management (EVP/SVP on up) really needs to enpower their lower management. They need to be willing to invest in growth areas and not manage the company quarter to quarter. Need a more long term view.
Pros: IF you like an opportuntity for Global Travel then go here.

Cons: HR puts up road blocks and does not reward loyalty with higher pay or opportunities.  There is some degree of empire-building with ex-Siebel and ex-Oracle etc. people coming into higher level positions and immediately promoting their brethren hired in 2 weeks later.  Also some short-sightedness in my opinion on quarterly results for license sales.
Advice: Don't focus too much on quarterly results - there has to be a strategic vision of where we're going - not just globally, but regionally or we will never get there.  Maybe this is ther - but it's clearly not a priority for employee communicaitons.
Pros: Great reputation in the software world - de facto standard for ERP.  Comp is competitive but not great- unless you leave and come back.

Cons: Company slow to get rid of under performers, incompetent employees are tolerated for too long, company moves too slowly because decisions take too long, many poor managers in the company (especially in development, where often the most senior developer is promoted to a management position whether they are able to manage or not)
Advice: Be willing to take risks to move the company in new directions more quickly
Pros: Lots of opportunities for advancement for people who are willing to take on the challenge, great benefits, smart people, interesting work (really!), great travel opportunities, cash compensation is competitive (with big rewards for top talent employees), a lot of top-notch leadership in the upper echelon of the company

Cons: 1. Not enough bench strength in the lower exec ranks creates highly insecure and territorial behaviours.  
2. History of great engineering success is also a downside now.  Too much product development comes from engineering beliefs about critical business processes today.  They are out of touch and the market is moving past SAP's newest solutions.
Advice: Really understand the market you want to reach and then design the next gen products.  All evidence points to new solutions that are over-engineered and complex - precisely what companies say they want to avoid.
Pros: Great software and market position.  Lots of talent and experience in most senior exec ranks.  Truly a global company in every way.

Cons: Being such a large organisation, one would expect the benefits package to be more complete.  Not that it's bad, it's just lacking any kind of perks other organizations of our level seem to provide.
Advice: Keep the communication coming.  What's provided is very helpful, and appreciated.
Pros: It's nice to be associated with such a large organisation.  It's tough to argue against having one of the 'big three' on your resume.  Since we are part of a recent acquisition, there is not currently a good feel for how things are going to be once the assimilation is complete.  Some benefits are generous, others not so.  Vacation tops out at 20+ days with 8 years of experience.

Cons: Work life balance is, at times, very difficult to achieve
Career development has to be forced because for many roles within SAP there is not a clearly defined promotion path past a certain level
Advice: Develop more career opportunities for the highly rated professionals
Sr. management needs to be more aggressive and savy when communicating with the analyst community.
Pros: Great autonomy; freedom to perform your job since you are not micro managed by your manager.
Work with extremely talented and the brightest people in the SAP space.
Employees are fairly compensated and rewards can be great for those that meet, and or exceed their target.
Benefits are much better as compared to many high tech organizations and the options and services continue to get better.

Cons: - SAP is a very big company -- over 50,000 employees -- and inefficiencies abound. Compared to the experience of working at a smaller company, at SAP there are plenty of resources to bring to bear on problems that need to be solved. But unfortunately many of those resources are currently aimed at problems that don't need to be solved.
- It is hard to navigate through SAP. Knowing who to contact requires tapping into the tribal sources of knowledge.
- SAP can be extremely political. The most important tool at SAP is your personal network. Being able to line up support can be critical to accomplishing an objective.
Advice: - The software industry is changing (yet again). SAP must pole-vault itself into the future of software, at almost any cost.
- Processes at a large company can take on a life of their own. Beware the perfect PowerPoint deck. Distrust dashboards filled with green lights. The reality is the product (and before that, the prototype).
Pros: - SAP has a huge impact on how companies, large and small, run their business. Assuming you can convince SAP to bring some concept to market, you will change the work lives of a great many people. For those motivated by having an impact, there are few places where you could have more leverage.
- SAP really values doing things right. Employees are proud of the company's reputation for "German quality engineering". Management actually pays attention to arguments based on architectural principles. Values are placed ahead of short-term financial gain (usually).
- SAP appreciates that people have lives outside of work.
- SAP is prepared to re-invent itself, even while growing and being profitable. Any company can re-invent itself when headed downwards, but SAP is willing to re-invent itself on the up-slope.

Cons: When SAP lost Shai Agassi, it lost its visionary. Now the company is run by arrogant and self-absorbed senior managers. The result is that employees have become a commodity. You will not be valued nor feel as though what you do (or think) matters. Do not consider having a life outside of SAP. Be prepared for being lost in a large quagmire of a company.
Advice: A little humbleness goes a long way, so does respect. Your staff is human too, look beyond your ego inflated rhetoric and try, just try to value the people that work for you.
Pros: SAP represents a great heritage of treating it employees well. Unfortunately that is lost. The company has a great base of application technology that can really improve a companies operations. It has the potential for a return to greatness. Did I mention the free lunch?

Cons: - back to ABAP;
- very slow, monstrous decision making process;
- lots of people working nowhere but at SAP;
Advice: - increase intrapeneurship;
- make people accountable;
- make decisions;
Pros: - recognized leader on the software market. Customers listen to you, you have extended power when you wear SAP shirt. You influence the market

- lots of opportunities to change the job without changing the employer. You can move and advance from one role to another without leaving SAP (product development, consulting, marketing, sales, etc.) 

- global company. You may travel A LOT if you like and you will work with people from different locations with different cultures, traditions, norms, and pace of work

Cons: Many of the German employees view the American employees as "a step lower."  Not incredibly so, but noticeable at times.
Advice: Making our software easier to work with would not take a miracle -- just a desire from above.
Pros: Extremely bright people who are doing work that actually impacts the businesses who buy our software.  Culture appreciates knowledge, integrity, and hard work.  Nice to work for a software company that doesn't want to "hit it big with the next whizbang idea"....but rather wants to improve how business get us the products and services we need.

Cons: There are many layers of management.  Efforts are not very coordinated among various groups, constant change makes it difficult to focus 100% on your job and not be distracted by rumors and confusing change.  Reporting consumes a large amount of your time. While career advancement potential is high,  you are competing with many, many people internally and externally due to the size of the company and the company allowing anyone to interview for any job.
Advice: Stick with a strategy for more than 90 days.
Pros: The benefits are excellent.  Potential for career advancement is good.  The campus is very nice, clean, and picturesque.

Cons: slow company - very complex in terms of organization
Advice: treat your business unit as startups
Pros: experience in a successfull 50,000 employees company
resume check
industry experience

i came to SAP because it provides me a great opportunity to use my MBA skills while leveraging my technology background - and indeed in SAP you get to do that.

However, SAP in its nature as a huge company is very complex and therefore you cannot really make big changes as people are used to and like to work in a very certain way.

I would recommend this place as an internship.

Cons: As with any large employer, at times it can seem like your lost in the numbers in terms of employees and overall importance.
Advice: The time has come when SaaS will begin to overtake as the dominant form of software.  At its current pace, SAP isn't moving fast enough to remain a leader in this field in terms of being agile and quick.
Pros: It is one of the largest software companies in the world and with that comes unprecedented access to the industry and opportunities.  It is a well respected brand name and an extremely well run company on many levels.

Cons: Not located close enough to a major city.  It would be nice if their offices were in Philadelphia, but they're in the suburbs.  Not very close to anything interesting.
Advice: Listen to your users.  Many small businesses seem to have trouble adapting even with training.  What is keeping them from using their SAP platform to its fullest potential?
Pros: Strong company, beautiful campus, treats employees very well.  SAP employees (but not contractors) get a decent per diem for lunch in the cafe, which incidentally has good food and alot of variety.

Cons: In some cases SAP tends to be german oriented and gemans get a better chance for promotions. This has started to change. 

In some cases it take time to make changes
Advice: - early and open communication
- involve management team in decision making
Pros: SAP is a global company with great opportunities to work in other places. 
The environment is casual
Life balance is good and you can work from home if your position allows for it. 
Often flat hierarchy and it is OK to talk to all different levels.

Cons: Career Advancement opportunity is limited.  Work Life balance needs to be improved. Ad-hoc travel 
is part of the job and really impacts family life. And travel time is normally not compensated and many times impacts weekend schedules.
Advice: Work-life balance needs to be improved. Royalty towards the company needs to be better rewarded.
Pros: Most current SAP product knowledge. The best place to learn the latest from SAP is with SAP.
And software industry changes constantly and therefore you have to stay competitive by learning the newest stuffs.

Cons: Poor quality middle management (inexperienced) promoted through tenure and technical competence.
NSQ is a sucky place to have a regional HQ. There are a lot of islands of excellence that need to be glued together, some incompetents seem to find this a safe haven and never leave.
Advice: Get professional middle management not technical experts, be more careful about new hires.
Pros: Instantly recognizable company, access to the grass roots information and people. Driven leadership.

Cons: Don't have the collegial atmosphere found at consulting firms since a lot of times you are the only SAP person on a project.
Advice: Management needs to evaluate consultants on more than just Billable utilization.
Pros: Consultants make bonuses based on their billable utilization, which gives you an incentive to work long hours and can result in pretty high payouts.  Another great thing about SAP is that they open up a vast amount of training material to employees.

Cons: if you want cutting edge technology and innovate, this is not the place.
Advice: More innovation and structured processes would help reduce cost and get ahead. we need act now to stay in the game in the next 10 years. erp wont make it until then.
Pros: security, flow, colleages, workload is ok

Cons: Large company which is constantly evolving & shifting organizations based on business needs but that may not be so bad
Advice: We're talking about the right focus areas for customer solutions, future growth areas and talent strategy - now lets turn it into reality.
Labs leadership especially our Managing Director is key to our success and footprint in the Valley.
Pros: Great customers, work with talented people, many benefits plus you have the ability to grow your career and work life balance.

Cons: I am satisified with all areas of SAP.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: SAP is committed to providing the best service to the customer and executive management stands behind this philosphy.  This increases the success of customer-facing employees.  SAP provides innumerable training opportunities through webex and other elearning vehicles.  The benefits are really good, including a 401(K) match, pension plan, three weeks vacation, and more.

Cons: I am new to the company and I have no complaints yet. Company seems like a great place to work.
Advice: Keep up with the employee communications meetings and e-mails. They are very helpful and are a great way to keep everyone informed.
Pros: Good opportunity for growth.Good benefits. The company encourages time off. Encourages employees to give their time as vollunteers. Good team playing atmosphere.

Cons: Advancement in grade can be a bit slow.  Advancement in responsibilities can be even slower.  Very process oriented.
Advice: We could probably do without one full layer of management that we currently have.
Pros: Flexible work/live arrangements.  Truly global.  Diverse employee base.  Reliable cash compensation.

Cons: Large company, more than 50,000 employees, so sometimes you can feel overlooked.
Advice: Spend  more time with employees to learn their thoughts and experiences  better.
Make an effort to get into the field more often.
Interview customers personally.
Pros: Diverse products and markets to address.
An experienced team that has deep knowledge of specific markets.

Cons: It's getting too big! Too many outside people are coming in and ruining it.
Advice: Rely on the people who have grown up in the company.
Pros: A lot of very smart, dedicated people who are fun to work with. You have a lot of flexiblity to balance their life can work.

Cons: It's getting too big! Too many outside people are coming in and ruining it.
Advice: Rely on the people who have grown up in the company.
Pros: A lot of very smart, dedicated people who are fun to work with. You have a lot of flexiblity to balance their life can work.

Cons: Balancing personal life with the work schedule vs. the rewards that are reaped.
Advice: Need to look at the overall value and invest a little more in customer care.  Need to buy more companies to ensure the growth and increase margin
Pros: Growth, and complex business solutions

Cons: rigid and complex leadership structure, work interest varies by function, opportunity, division
Advice: Invest into building a bigger SAP Consulting arm.  Not only it is good revenue stream, but good consultants help SAP with software purchases fro their clients
Pros: Excellent resume builder, diverse work environment

Cons: global company, long working hours to communicate with EMEA and APA region; distributed environment
Advice: Get some people who are able to execute the many good ideas that come from senior management
Pros: Company takes good care of their employees; not the typical American employer, no hire-and-fire mentality

Cons: tough culture to accomodate if you are new into the org.
Advice: i think the salaries need to be more in par with competition esp. for loyal employees who have served for a longer duration
Pros: career opportunities are good and there is a will to support it

Cons: They just had layoffs... it doesn't engender much trust.
Advice: Operational decision making is very random and flawed.
Pros: I'm not sure I can think of many.  I do like my manager, and my manager's manager.  But the organization is not run very effectively.

Cons: Extensive fat layer of middle management, hiring many incompetent people who compromise SAP's name
Advice: Recession is actually a good thing, when lot of useless managers and bunch of VP-s will go away company will only improve
Pros: Diverse Company, Good Product, Excellent People

Cons: Compensation and Recognition, HR and people ralated issues handled very poorly.
Advice: We personally sacrifice when things are good, and then asked to make even more personal sacrifices when things go bad ... when do you re-invest back in your talent ?
Pros: Great products and great people.

Cons: too much travel.  short term project, no long term visibility, family life will be disturbed, no peace of mind
Advice: give per diem to travelling consultants, give more PTOs
Pros: Good Exposure and learning opportunities at the initial period of one's career

Cons: way too many layers of management and too slow to react.
Advice: pay more attention to HR, establish processes that give people opportunity to grow and advance professionally
Pros: Leader in the field, work-life balance

Cons: The red tape that needs to be wallowed through to get something done.
Advice: change the cultural away from control to enablement
Pros: Still new to the organization, as part of the Business Objects acquisition.  So far, so good.

Cons: career progression for consultants are non-existent, Base salary does not compare to other professional services
Advice: Offer some sort of Career path for consultants
Pros: the network, the cache of knowing you work for a software company

Cons: Poor senior management - board members are gods and must not be doubted
EVPs ... a nightmare
Advice: Watch the competition
Pros: Great potential in the company and the market

Cons: Company shifting its center to Germany, way too much.
Advice: Do more outside Walldorf
Pros: Great facilities in Palo Alto.  Good international experiences

Cons: Not much hiring happening at the moment.
Advice: Keep it up, but loosen the reins on hiring
Pros: Flexible hours, good management, good atmosphere.

Cons: Work and life balance issues
Advice: Continue on our winning path
Pros: Winning company in the Market
Great Career opportunties

Cons: Relaxed life...not aware of real innovation..Milking the work done by old R/3 days
Advice: Learn from Saleforce, Google
Pros: Name..Relaxed Life..Good company to retire
