Cons: Level 2 & 3 leadership poorly trained, not qualified. Overcrowded, redundant teams, political. SVP layer of company is a mess.  Vision is clear at the top of the company, but then at the SVP layer that vision is twisted into a departmental, political battleground, a game of thrones.   Stock and other equity options are not great.  Brilliant, tenured, experienced people that bleed for the company are gifted very little stock.  BAD place for young talent (leadership at people managerial level is weak, uncertain about how to lead).   Not unusual to have a new boss every 3-9 months resulting in limited understanding of skill, trust, relationship.
Advice: Spend more time qualifying the SVP's, Stop selecting leadership based on your personal relationship. Loyalty, tenure, and performance does not make for a good people manager.  LISTEN more.  

Spend less time trying to recruit the millennials, and more time hiring strong, experienced leaders.  The young talent will then come to the company and STAY.  Increase the equity package, and reward the great talent that has been with the company for 10 plus years.
Pros: great vision, incredible people, winners that want to make the world a better place.  Great place for young talent.  Office is beautiful, wonderful facilities, free lunch, and many extras that make the work environment wonderful.  The people at SAP are the best, and nearly all would do anything to help.

Cons: - Salaries aren't competitive (you'll make way more at another Seattle tech firm)
- The wrong people are in the wrong positions; leaders have Sr. Director roles who should not be Sr. Directors; people who have never done marketing before are "Sr. Marketing Managers" -- titles are sort of a joke.
- Innovation is lacking; the company is just trying to keep up with application stability so there isn't time for innovation
- Marketing / sales lacks connected scaleable processes; everything will change person by person; inability to function as a team; lots of cooks in the kitchen; death by committee with a lack of leadership
- Go work for SAP directly and spare yourself the pain of Concur
- Top talent has been leaving consistently for some time now and we are stuck with mediocrity; due to Concur's low market salaries, we can't hire top people to back fill positions leaving you with someone less capable than before.
- Top marketing leadership at Concur needs a shakeup
Advice: Keep your top people. Focus on the customer and not yourself. Create some processes and efficiencies so everything isn't so manual and tribal. Fix marketing from being so decentralized.
Pros: - Benefit of large international tech firm
- Career opportunities 
- The "pros" have taken a turn for the worst as most things that were once a "Pro" like working for an agile, innovative company that feels like a small business has all been washed down the drain.

Cons: 1. The pay is sub-standard, compared to bay area's standard salary for software developer.
2. Most importantly, the immigration policies are really bad. SuccessFactors and SAP is not very employee-friendly with respect to immigration.
3.  Too many changes in the upper management has caused lack of direction to the company's vision. All the good people have left the company.
4. Managers and directors are fairly new and need extensive training. 
5.  No growth in the long run - if you are an entry level developer/QA, there is absolutely no growth here. Everyone in the team is lead/manager/director. Most of the development work is done from outside USA, from low cost centers.  So don't settle at SuccessFactors, move to the SAP umbrella such as SAP, Ariba, Concur, Lumira, etc.
Advice: 1. Be reasonable! Pay according to the standards of bay area.  Employees have families! 
2.  Please learn from other companies about Immigration and HR policies. These really need a reform at SAP and SuccessFactors, try to retain your experienced employees in the long-run! At least, TRY!
3. Train your new managers and new directors.
Pros: 1. SAP brand - Access to SAP, SAP technologies, learn from across SAP and its subsidiaries. All employees have the ability to move within SAP and be part of a new team.
2. Ability to work on your own schedule and also flexibility to work from home.
3. Good employee benefits
4. Great people to work with, everyone is really helpful and supportive
5. Job is highly stable and reliable
6. Great learning opportunity initially.

Cons: - Difficult to keep demand gen skills sharp because SAP marketing is not as innovative and cutting edge as leaner organizations
- Q1-Q2 can be travel- heavy as T&E budget usually gets cut off in 2H
- Frequent re-orgs can be challenging to get used to
- Any large company can be difficult to navigate and learn who's who.
- Compensation is pretty rigid. It's fair but don't expect large pay increases. You can definitely make more elsewhere but the benefits make up for this drawback.
Advice: None
Pros: - Well-organized and clear top-down communication on goals and vision
- Stable business growth with sound strategic investment in the future
- Maximum flexibility when it comes to work hours and working from home
- Plenty of opportunities to move around within the company, which is encouraged 
- Focus on employee development
- Great benefits (health benefits, free lunch, generous vacation and employee support resources, focus on giving back to the local community)
- Environmentally sustainable (and beautiful!) campuses and socially responsible business practices
- Reasonable work/life balance within the marketing organization, and most others within the company.
- Diverse and inclusive culture

I think it's telling that many people who leave often come back or wish to. It also says a lot about a company in Silicon Valley when many employees have been there for 10+ years. SAP is a great company to work for and I feel privileged to work here!

Cons: There are areas we can improve on simplifying our internal processes .
Advice: None
Pros: October Month of Service encourages all SAP employees Globally to volunteer their time to help their local communities and causes. This kind of corporate social responsibility motivates employees to make an impact in their own communities and helps build morale.

SAP is one of the top workplaces for Women . 

There is a good work / life balance as there are a lot of opportunities to work remotely (telecommute).

We have  good benefits plan for employees for medical, healthcare, dental , vacation leaves, short term leave (maternity) etc.

It is a global company so you get to network with various colleagues in different countries and regions. 

I like working for SAP because of the culture of inclusivity, corporate and social responsibility and encourages everyone to grow and be the best you can be.

Cons: I wish there was better communication with changes. We recently had to change our passwords and there was a lack of communication how to do so and what action would be taken if we did not change it. I think a lot of the meeting rooms need to be updated and have old equipment that does not work. It is a windows focused company and I wish it was more aligned with Macs as there are many users out there.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing, but there is always room for improvement.
Pros: We have access to a free gym and receive free lunch everyday. There are always fun events happening. There is a patio to eat outside in nice days. There is an IT help desk on campus for help. The dress code is nice because it is not too stuffy. We have a good amount of time off and our benefits are phenomenal. We also have a CSA which I participated in this summer and I could pickup my fruit and vegetables while on lunch. It was super convenient. I also enjoy that once a month a cupcake truck comes what a way to roll in the weekend. My job is great and I have an awesome team I would not consider leaving even if I was offered more money.

Cons: 1. Even though SAP is a huge tech company, its own internal systems and processes are antiquated and disparate. This can be headache inducing, and at times, unnecessarily lengthens the timeframe it takes to complete a task.
Advice: 1. Keep on keeping on with your commitments to your employees... we are paying attention and are appreciative of the ongoing efforts.
2. Keep working to shore up and hone your internal process and systems... "Run Simple" shouldn't just be an adage for our customers, but for SAP as well.
Pros: 1. Even though it is a HUGE company, you never feel like you are lost at sea, nor are you ever treated like you're only an employee id number.
2. They are very serious about retaining professional people who have souls and aren't afraid to bare them. This may not seem like a big deal, but we all know there are plenty of companies out there who are dedicated to keeping soulless people. SAP expects you to be human, and celebrates that humanness.  
3.  As a lesbian woman in technology, I can honestly say that SAP is the only company I've worked  for that truly WALKS the WALK regarding Diversity in the workforce (other companies can surely talk the talk, but execute on little else). SAP is openly committed to LGBTQ rights.

Cons: - Poorly planned/staffed projects; sometimes you will hear of a new project and have to go on site  with little to no background and the client/partner will expect a quick turnaround. Projects are being rushed to start implementation when they are not ready, and the internal project team suffers as a result
- There is more pressure put on internal hires/tenured employees because the ramp up time for new hires can be very slow.  It can seem like managers tell everyone that they are doing an awesome job, so employees feel there is no difference between those who do great work and those who are mediocre
Advice: Invest in professional growth, set your teams up for success, recognize your valued employees (and compensate them), and don't be afraid to "hurt feelings" when employees aren't doing their job
Pros: - Great culture; very open and collaborative, social activities, weekly beer carts, stocked kitchen, unique office
- Good benefits; 401k matching, discounted shares, 25 PTO days, etc.
- Good learning experience, especially for new grads. You will get to work with extremely intelligent people who are willing to help when they can. There are also opportunities to switch departments depending on what skills you've polished and where your interests are

Cons: Training and mentoring have always been mentioned for growth, but most the time it is a learn as you go.  This makes you a follower, as you end up 'following the others' and makes it more difficult to be a true leader.
Advice: First thank you for the opportunity to work for a great company, I truly do enjoy working at SAP!

If I had to provide a request for improvement,  get the mentoring program more open and available.  I love the fact SAP has spent so much with mentoring women and growing their skills, but there are still men who are capable and would like to see a diverse mentoring program that can really elevate the company to the next level!
Pros: I am a  Senior Lead Software Engineer for the EIM team for the Server component of SAP Data Service and SAP Information Steward products.  I have the opportunity to train and mentor junior engineers to help increase their skill set.  

SAP also has some of the best benefit packages I have seen, sure we could always ask for more but those would be trivial items and not really needed.

Cons: Criteria for worker evaluation is not clearly defined.  
Transparency from management level is almost non-existent
Not a great place for minorities (especially at the Management level).  This does not apply to SAP as a whole who has  a great track record for diversity.  
Favoritism and "it's who you know" system definitely rules the office. (you will have to actively seek out opportunities in order to "shine".  
By signing up you automatically start your "brand" which will follow you throughout your time here (will hamper opportunities if it's not considered excellent).   
People are asked to do a ton with the most minimal of resources (time, staff, etc.)
Advice: Pay close attention to the work/efforts made by your employees as opposed to metrics.  New system to track advancement does not clearly state whole picture of what your employees are actively working on.  Management group has become unapproachable which differs from the original Fieldglass goal of openness.
Pros: Casual and for the most part informal culture 
There was an OK work/life balance
Snacks/games/distractions available
Weekly happy hours
Young and vibrant co-workers
Time off is generous both vacation as well as maternity/paternity (SAP benefit)

Cons: I heard from some entry level people and others that it was easy to get lost in the shuffle.  That was a shame that it happened, and I tried to give my teams I managed a true voice and let everyone's opinion be heard.  Sometimes it wasn't always easy in such a large fast paced company, but the frustrations were there sometimes.
Advice: Keep an open mind to innovation that doesn't always fit the status quo...There were a lot of great ideas from people besides management that got ignored due to red tape.
Pros: Excellent place to grow and innovate.  They were the Google, FB, and Amazon, in terms of innovation before those big 3 became what they are today, in my opinion.  Free thought and the ability to come up with ideas and see them executed was the name of the game at SAP.  As far as my experience went, I learned a lot, even after having been at other big SaaS companies. Hard but fair work, challenging but rewarding.

Cons: The overall recruiting and on-boarding process in quite smooth and many detailed guidance is provided. I think the SVNT program at SAP is one of the best recruiting process I had ever experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: - Silicon Valley Next Talent (SVNT) Program:
SVNT is a highly competitive rotational program and career accelerator within the products and innovation organization at SAP. The cool thing is that you can rotate on multiple SAP teams within the first year. At the end you may select the best fit based on mutually benefits. Therefore, you may develop a big picture mindset about SAP, while contributing your strengths on many impactful product features that are using by the world's most successful businesses. I think this unique program would be the best choice for all new graduates to consider.

- Application Process:
The review below is based on overall recruiting process of Silicon Valley Next Talent Program. The whole process took about one month (starting from the time that my resume was accepted and I submitted the survey form). The recruiter is pretty helpful and responsive with interview arrangements as well as status updates. The interview process has several rounds. The first round is talking your background with the recruiter. I learned about the recruiting process and what to expect after joining SVNT program. After that the second round interview is with the SVNT program manager, in which many behavioral questions were asked. I enjoyed the conversation a lot and found that the core values and team culture at SAP would be the perfect fit for me. I also felt connected with the program manager when I shared insights about my experiences and lessons learned. The third and fourth rounds are technical interviews with SAP experts in my field. The format and questions were similar to typical technical interviews with other large tech companies. One thing stood out was that all interviewers were super passionate about their work and shared many great things about working at SAP. These conversations really helped me to develop a better understanding about the benefits of SVNT program and I then decided to accept the offer from SAP instead of some other top companies.

Cons: Mid-level management is very stagnant, which can slow down progress for everyone; team budgets are slashed very early on in the year, yet management expects you to churn out new and innovative ideas regularly (for free); if you work with a global team, work hours can be very hectic and fluctuates to accommodate other time zones; When I decided to move on from SAP, management was very rude and left a bad taste in my mouth.
Advice: Respect your employees. Do not treat them like worker ants, they are people. Keep an open line of communication so you know how they're doing, not just updates on their work projects. Our manager refused to have regular 1-on-1 calls and things became overwhelming.
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits; trainings offered; ability to work remote from home; global work culture which allows you to interact and collaborate with employees all over the world.

Cons: Recruiting has been known to lie - There are countless examples of people who were lied to about their title/level and their next move in company. Backwards titles complicates this further. This coupled with much of my other feedback lead to great employees either leaving the company, or leaving and coming back (which the CEO, SVPs, and many other leaders have done). When it comes to hiring your own team, people managers have to do the majority of searching for candidates (provided they want to assure they get the best person for the role). 
Most mid-level leaders are afraid of and/or avoid confrontation - Bad to mediocre employees aren't disciplined, and over-achievers aren't reward commensurate of their impact. I'm not sure anyone has ever been put on an action plan (let alone fired) at the company, which makes those that are (below) average at their job think that they just have to wait to be promoted. Leaders try to contain over-achievers by promising a bright future if they just wait, then offer you everything you want(ed) when it's too late. Senior leaders lift up concerns about employees, so do said manager's people, and yet no material corrective action is taken resulting in their great employees moving on. Wrong or right, this gives the perception that managers are more concerned with being everyone's friend and are happy with where they are, so they state that "everyone here is great" to make things easier vs having tough conversations or potentially ruffling feathers by having some on a faster track than their peers. 
Top down management style - A lot of mid-level to senior leaders don't take constructive criticism well from their employees. They get the majority of their direction from senior executives, then generally tailor to what their plan was, which delays or fractures career promises (moving targets). They no doubt mean well, but don't seem to realize that if they are authentic 98% of the time, employees are still left guessing when the other 2% is occurring (and if they can truly rely on them for their best interests). Additionally, when you ask them why overall company projections or a product launch deadline were missed, you tend to get boilerplate excuses.   
Seniority can breed complacence - The most people I've ever seen in a company that have been there for the majority of their career. That's generally a good thing, but many of these people don't have a competitive background for their position that one would expect from an SAP/leader in technology. Diversity (including in professional experiences) is a good thing. A lot of the leaders that have been with the company for the majority of their career likely wouldn't be at the same level at any other comparable company, and many didn't go to school for what they are doing. Perhaps they realize this, so they never leave, and are fine with mediocre employees on their team as it won't challenge their position in company. Because many haven't worked at other major companies, they don't know any better, generally given false positive reviews on their managers and for Concur as a best place to work. Little to no value is given for having advanced degrees (nor do leaders encourage their employees to pursue them) as the company seems to think consulting companies and annual conferences are the only thing needed to help with on-going education efforts.
Advice: SAP should audit all Concur employees (especially mid-level leaders) as overall it doesn't appear they are getting their money's worth. Start with re-organizing all of recruiting as that will make or break your talent pipeline. 
Stop restricting hiring to only internal candidates (if you want to get to $2B in revenue in 3 years, that math doesn't work). It's about as productive as giving a blood transfusion to yourself. 
Stop telling employees in mass that "everyone is great." Leaders, hold your people accountable for not performing, not being good people managers, or missing deadlines (especially those that slip by months to a year). 
You're going to be successful in the next 2-5 years regardless of what you do. The point is, you could be a lot more successful, while inspiring your employees at all levels to do their best work. Everyone's heart is in the right place. It's about being comfortable enough as a leader to be critical of yourself, your people, and making sure you have the best people in all the right roles. You have the right framework. You just need to be honest with yourself and want to change. You got this! You no doubt can realize the awesome you aspire to be.
Pros: Company growth - They have created a great suite of products and services. There are many untapped markets in the world. There is also a great potential to grow their existing client business. It doesn't take much to capitalize on it. It's just a matter of having the right people "on the bus" to maximize returns for SAP shareholders.
Culture - Very inclusive, friendly and warm place to work. Lots of great people (don't confuse this as all of them are the best candidate for their respective jobs). Can be fun. Most teams have autonomy to innovate. 
Work/Life Balance - Most managers allow working from home some or all of the time (for the right people).   
HR - Their HR team seems to be a solid group of competent professionals, despite  the recruiting arm leaving much (all) to be desired.

Cons: Internal politics appear everywhere
Inconsistencies on plans and "flavor of the month" focus on projects.
You will get tasked with something you have no qualifications for, and you will be expected to work beyond normal work hours.
Career opportunities often get blocked internally because internal job applications are required to go through your manager.
Advice: Have more than a single point of contact for teams, since if an issue is with that point of contact there's no workaround. (HR tickets are not anonymous- as our point of contact is able to block them).

Make sure people are doing the job they signed up for. Don't have job offers that don't relate to the role and don't put people in roles they don't know unless they have asked for the opportunity.
Pros: Good benefits and smart coworkers

Cons: Opportunities for growth are limited especially in offices outside corporate or national headquarters.   Frequent travel restrictions don't permit travel to work with remote groups within your direct job influence.
Advice: Invest in the personal relationships with employees.  The bonds created by management are returned with strength of employee commitment and sacrifice.   Continue to examine and push the degree to which process requirements are necessary.   As often Process requirements get in the way of meeting customer needs in a timely basis.
Pros: Interesting work topics and challenges.   Colleagues are qualified and experienced in their roles.   Strong desire to do the right thing for customers, the environment, with good cross team cooperation.   Benefits and pay are good.  Yearly bonuses have been paid out with consistent regularity

Cons: Some really bad managers, especially those from acquired companies by SAP like Sybase. Not sure if they were under pressure or what, but since SAP acquired Sybase, some managers had a completely different attitude toward employees. They would micro-manage people, watch how your sit in meetings, take note of every little thing that they never used to do.  In other words, they have essentially become some annoying smart@ss managers.
The company would also layoff employees quietly, sometimes the whole group completely, and for a big company like SAP, their severance package sucks.
Advice: Get real, SAP is not the only employer in town.
Pros: Pretty decent benefits package.
Office environment.
Mostly friendly employees.

Cons: You can sometimes feel lost as a lot of employees' managers don't even live in the same state, and sometimes country, as them. So the first few weeks are about finding your groove and meeting as many people who can help you as possible.
Advice: Ask new employees how they're feeling about SAP more frequently.
Pros: Very relaxed work environment. Most people don't have desks so it's incredibly easy to network without even trying because you have the ability to sit next to new people everyday. I've met executives, interns, professionals and managers just from being able to sit wherever I wanted to sit. You can work from home a lot because all you need is a laptop to get your work done. Everything is done virtually for the most part.

Cons: Different teams and departments struggle with different things. In professional services or consulting (my team) you work long days and travel often. Sometimes the internal processes are time consuming and they do not allow for enough time for you to manage this on top of your customers. Additionally, in professional services, you do not always feel like you are apart of SAP which is unfortunate.
Advice: Improve the professional services processes and allow for more time to get internal items completed.
Pros: Valued as an employee, great benefits, and if you don't end up loving your current job  the opportunities for internal movement and growth are endless. I came to SAP from a horrible previous employee and I was shocked at how great a company and the employees could be.

Cons: There aren’t many downsides to working at SAP.  It is a very large company with many areas which can have upsides and downsides depending on what the person is looking for.  The size provides endless opportunities , but also means that people probably likely will not know every person at the company or even in their board area.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked at SAP for over ten years in both Marketing and HR.  I consider SAP a top notch employer.  There are endless opportunists to grow and learn.  The people are some of the best and smartest I have ever met and SAP is on the cutting edge of innovation in technology.  I would highly recommend SAP as a place to work.

Cons: Not many but if you aren’t used to a large organization it could be a little shock but SAP does a GREAT job of trying to help onboard employees.
Advice: Keep up the GREAT job!!!
Pros: Coming from a smaller organization that struggled to find itself, SAP is what other organization’s should use as a template. Trust, empowerment, and rewards are just a few of the things that make SAP an organization that I love to be at. I wake up each morning excited to go to work. 

Great pay and great benefits!!  

SAP truly embodies family values. They do what they say and they practice what the preach!  Thank you SAP for giving my family the life they deserve!!

Cons: Lots of free snacks and catered lunches, but I wish the gym membership was better to offset eating so much.
Advice: Keep communicating. I love how open management is at the company.
Pros: Awesome place to work with great people and great perks! The culture, benefits, and the day to day sounded too good to be true. I was waiting for the negatives to come but I love it here. Great people, great upper management, supportive environment, tons of growth potentially and ability to move up. Plus, there's a focus on continuous learning, development, as well as getting involved with charitable work and helping the community. So many companies are hiring, but it's really rare to find what SAP Fieldglass has to offer.

Cons: Parking can be an issue. It is still mostly men running things and they are windows dominated. I wish there was better communication we recently had to change our passwords and the date it was due was changed and then many got locked out as a result.
Advice: Keep striving to be better and never just settle for good enough. Thank you for all you do for women.
Pros: Having access to a fitness facility
On campus. A free lunch everyday with lots of great options. Diverse work environment. Always something good fun on campus happening. A csa on campus that I can pick up my veggies at Lunch. I wonder sometimes how I got so lucky to work here!

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: I have a lot of respect for our CEO Bill. Bill and all executives do a fabulous job.
Please consider a competitive stock/equity offering to the Palo Alto employees.
Pros: I love working for SAP for the following reasons and it is one of the best companies.

The company genuinely cares for its employees. I work at SAP Ariba where the culture is fast paced, start-up like, new innovation and new technologies are on-boarded fairly rapidly.

The senior leaders are humble, empathetic and approachable. No matter how busy they are, they make time for their employees. 
SAP offers a wide range of opportunities for employees to learn and advance their career.
SAP has a truly embracing culture, a culture where diversity brings comfort not conflict.

Cons: That being said, the average age is definitely higher than other typical software firms around Silicon Valley which creates a different work culture and pace. Lots of international calls and meetings which both broadens your scope but makes your reliant on conferencing software
Advice: Keep the cloud push going, look into making and retaining a diverse and young workforce
Pros: Very flexible and willing to accommodate work culture. People are honest and the company really values you as an employee. If you don't feel a fit, you're encouraged to look internally to find something that better fits your strengths. I like how they are now focused in on hiring younger talent to fill in for those that have been with the company for 20+ years

Cons: Constant change with leadership positions and teams.  They reorganize sales leadership and accounts every 6-12 months making it hard to fully understand customer pains in order to provide them a solution.  Promoted many good Solution Engineers to leadership positions without being able to back fill the top talent that can position the solutions.
Advice: Less changes in the sales organization to make sure a customer sees the same face more then 6 months before they need to build a new relationship and do what it takes to keep your best solution engineers in front of your customers.
Pros: Excellent pay if you hit your number.  Amazing Club trip for top employees. Good benefits and some great software solutions to sell.

Cons: Every step is a bureaucratic hurdle.  Every action you want to take requires touching two or three other teams for approval.  Scope is very tight and inflexible.  It may be the most boring place I've ever worked.
Advice: Keeping people happy and interested is really simple.  Provide a good working environment where it's easy to get your job done with opportunity for growth, both personal and professional.  Your working environment currently feels like pulling teeth, endlessly turning a crank or both: endlessly turning a crank to pull teeth.
Pros: It's stable.  The benefits are on par with others.  You can spend the rest of your life there.

Cons: - Product that is suffering from lack of development
- Very unhappy customers
- Low compensation 
- Mediocrity throughout the organization is the norm 
- Falling hiring standards 
- High customer attrition results in commission recoveries for salespeople 
- Very little room for career growth
Advice: Concur has a business that needs fixing, badly. While it is (in general) a wonderful place to spend time every day, it is NOT such a great place for serious professionals who care about serving the customer, innovating, and growing their careers. 

We are suffering from our failure to attract and retain talented people - likely caused by much lower than average compensation, a static product, a fuzzy and lackluster company mission, and a dysfunctional culture. 

Our inability to attract or retain talented people means that our standards for work are on the decline, and that there is no need (or reward) for excellence. The pervasive malaise at Concur impacts everything - the speed of work, follow through, ownership, commitment, and ultimately customer satisfaction.

We also suffer from a reluctance to invest in the product, inability to implement it for our customers, and our insistence on selling it by any means necessary. This is a recipe for disaster. I have been working at Concur in sales for more than three years and have served clients of all shapes and sizes - If we cant find a way to drag our product into the 21st century, figure out how to implement it for our customers, and enforce ethical sales tactics, then it is only a matter of time until we fail. 

Our mission isn't clear, either. Do we exist to provide world class spend management tools for our customers? Clearly no, because our product is no longer world class. Do we exist to innovate business travel? Certainly not, because we've done nothing to impact that space in the past decade. Or, are we purely a vehicle for SAP to post cloud revenue? 

Concur is a place for mediocre people who are looking for an easy 9-3:30 job, enough PTO, and a steady paycheck. If that sounds like you, you'll be lured by promises of "work life balance" and the prospect of working in a "Top 100 Workplace". 

If, on the other hand, you're a committed professional who thinks big, has high goals, high standards, and wants to get behind a company with a clear and meaningful mission - Look elsewhere. You'll make more money, have more fun, and have a greater impact elsewhere.
Pros: + Lots of freedom to do whatever makes you successful
+ Fantastic name recognition in the market 
+ A product that is easy to understand and easy to sell 
+ Generous PTO

Cons: - Stressful and demanding roles, frequent long hours
- Commute around Philadelphia suburbs is busy
- Big company (over 85K employees worldwide) so if not used to that then it could be a shock
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive compensation with great benefits and vacation 
- Access to huge amount of training/learnings/resources
- Company investing heavily in young talent with opportunities for growth and networking
- Office perks great (subsidized lunch, free amenities such as coffee, beverages, snacks, fitness center)
- Truly a global company, with a very diverse workforce and employees from all backgrounds
- Ability to work form home when needed
- Given roles with lots of responsibility early on, including client facing roles with top executives

Cons: Can be challenging to get promoted if you don't market yourself and position your own promotions. Dont wait for a promotion to happen to you.
Can be very long and hard hours in global roles. Even with flex working it can be 12 hour days or more starting at 5 am and ending in the PM.  
Resources can be overwhelming,  there is a lot to wade through and self navigation is important.
Accountability is not consistent throughout the organization. Top performing employees are often given the bulk of the work to make up for lower performers. Rewards are high when this happens but its a challenging work environment that doesnt always feel "fair".
Advice: Instill accountability at every level, dont allow peers in other regions to do less based on cultural norms. The whole team needs to be equally accountable.
Dont burn out your top performers
Keep working on simplification and creating a great workplace!
Pros: Very entrepreneurial spirited company.
Make your job what you want it to be, its empowering to carve out how you want to make impact. 
Very inclusive environment , you can really bring yourself to work
Great pay and benefits, top notch and some of the best I have ever seen.
Stable company that is very profitable and can inject profits into significant R&D and innovation investments.
Great focus on simplification to help employees, and customers, succeed in a "frustration free" way .
Top workplace, Fortune named top 100 place to work
Top workplace for women, Anita Borg institute named top place for female technologists.
First Tech company to receive the EDGE certification: Economic Dividend for Gender Equality.  
Tons of learning and development resources for employees. 
Supports working from home for a lot of roles. 
Agile organization that stays ahead of the curve and isnt afraid to make changes to business direction to stay ahead of market.

Cons: Support is primarily on the younger side, usually within the 20-23 year old range. For most, it's their first job out of college. Between staff moving to other teams or leaving the company, and the documentation being sub-par at best, most of the knowledge is among the staff,  which leaves huge gaps in knowledge. There's rarely anyone that's on support for more than 2 years,

The company currently is struggling to balance out the exponential growth of the company with the amount of support agents that they have on staff, even globally. It can be a bit of a meat grinder, especially around the major patches for the application. Day side is the main focus. There are no managers on staff for the second and third shifts, which means those shifts are easily forgotten about. Management has been quoted saying their main goal is to keep you on the support team. Even with support being the entry point into the company, the managers do their best from having you move to other teams. Management is good at changing their language during discussions to fit their motives.

Support agents are mostly looked at for their stats from managers that don't have much experience outside their current job. Stats that are hard to balance, and, for the most part, require working the system to make them look better. 

They do not allow you to work from home. 

Large office = rarely get to meet other people unless you actively seek out other teams.
Advice: Listen to your staff more. Anyone above the managers do not speak to the support staff at all. Most are pretty awkward and will rarely even say hello to you in the hallway. What you think is enough support staff is not. There's a reason people leave in droves from the support team. There are trends that you're not paying attention to and shouldn't be blamed on the age group. You should be looking above the team to the managers. A team that can't regularly keep members is a management problem. 

Would love to see more outings/events to meet other employees
Pros: Still has some startup feel to it, even though it was acquired by SAP almost 2 years ago. Solid perks, including a generous amount of PTO right from the start, and "unlimited" sick days. The office location is great, right in downtown Chicago across from the Metra station. With backing by SAP, the company is not going anywhere and is miles ahead of any competition in it's industry. 

For most of the people on the support side, it's a great first job where you can make decent money and have full benefits. Once out of support, the company/management is very nice.  Due to the fact that FG makes it's money off of transactions for the clients' contractors, the sales team doesn't have all the power/is not the focus like other companies. Anyone client facing is important to the company as a whole, and management, for the most part, understands this. 

The company spends quite a bit on keeping the kitchen stocked and regularly buys meals for the day side staff, and there is beer cart Thursdays.

Cons: Be ready to absorb a lot of information when you arrive. Some will be company specific and some will be role specific. At the end of the day this will not be a con - it just feels a like until you understand the vast resources at your fingertips.
Advice: Keep supporting and developing our people. Please keep the learning and educational opportunities a priority.
Pros: The experiences I have had to date at SAP are far beyond most organizations. The people genuinely care about you, support your transitioning in, and help establish a strong foundation once you have acclimated. The support and resources available to you are next to none!

Cons: The management is terrible and the HR is spineless, there was ongoing abuse by the manager, which was reported by the entire team, I worked in the team Strategic Development Projects... this is the worst team one can be involved in... Salaries are slightly below average for bay area.
Advice: Please change person in charge of this team... there is nothing +ve that can ever come from this team as long as the current management exists. Also even the senior management never took the time to find out the issue. Importantly the manager was extremely incompetent, she had no idea of anything technical, she's there only from family connections.
Pros: good facilities!, lunch on campus is provided.

Cons: "It doesn't matter which COMPANY you work for. But it matters WHO you work for". Haven't seen a system of checks & balances on managers. Manager can decide the fate of their team member based on personal interpretation. You are at the mercy of your manager.
Advice: As a global company, please invest in educating your managers on diversity & acceptance of talent from other cultures (not just in theory but in practice).
Pros: Excellent work culture, Great learning, Cutting-Edge technology solutions, Feels like you are walking in the future. Freedom to be yourself despite the company size. When your potential customer gets enlightened on SAP solution, that sense of satisfaction as a Presales contributor...... :)

Cons: - Stressful and demanding roles, frequent long hours
- Commute around Philadelphia suburbs is busy
- Big company (over 85K employees worldwide) so if not used to that then it could be a shock
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive compensation with great benefits and vacation 
- Access to huge amount of training/learnings/resources
- Company investing heavily in young talent with opportunities for growth and networking
- Office perks great (subsidized lunch, free amenities such as coffee, beverages, snacks, fitness center)
- Truly a global company, with a very diverse workforce and employees from all backgrounds
- Ability to work form home when needed
- Given roles with lots of responsibility early on, including client facing roles with top executives

Cons: Working on a national team, my colleagues live all over the country so sometimes it can be hard to get face time with folks.
Advice: None
Pros: The SAP culture is one of teamwork and empathy. I have always felt that my colleagues and mentors are there to help me, answer any and all questions, and  support me throughout my career journey. Also our senior leadership "walks the walk and talks the talk", in that you can see SAP's core values demonstrated in their actions. I am proud to work at a company that not only is dedicated to helping companies across the world run simple, which ultimately improves people's lives.

Cons: There are many people that have similar roles and so your work is constantly overlapping with other people. There is no accountability for success with a single group. It is always spread across several groups. This can be very frustrating when trying to get something done because all decisions go through a committee.
Advice: None
Pros: The financial benefits are great. The work/life balance is fantastic unless you end up in a role where you travel a lot which is quite common. The company has performed very well especially recently. They have continued to improve their core products. The company really takes care of their employees.

Cons: A large office can create a lack of cohesion. I rarely a lot of the office employees unless they sit near me. The work is not silo'd, but would love to see more office outings or lunches to interact with more employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Flat out just a great place to work. The company has a great culture.  Down to earth people who enjoy coming to work every day, Managers who really listen, who get it, challenging work in a growing company, lots of stability with SAP as our parent company, many avenues for advancement and career growth, and perfect work life balance.

Cons: Lots of stress, lots of hours, too many layers of management that feel it is incumbent upon them to get involved in each and every sale and meet with the customers, to much paperwork, etc.
Advice: Cut back on so many layers of management. But I suspect you know this and moving forward will be doing this.
Pros: Lots of upside, we were a virtual island with the most unique and highly priced and lowest discounts in the company making them the most profitable. Also the firm changed how they Go To Market with their services placing the Premium Services first and Consulting Services afterwards.

Cons: The executive worship and cult of personality around the executive leaders turns my stomach.  Also, there is major upper management disorganization and lack of efficient processes.  Even worse is a serious over-use of external agencies, which is a huge drain on morale and budget. There are plenty of talented people, no point in spending extra money outsourcing their jobs to an agency.
Advice: Don't forget: You're an actual person, despite all the fawning and hero worship around you every day.
Pros: Full of smart people, good pay and benefits, and a solid focus on work/life balance.  There really is a lot of good at SAP.

Cons: Typical large company woes
Can take a while for initiatives to move, some level of bureaucracy etc
Advice: You have an excellent work force, give them the ability to take initiatives....
Institute 360 / upward reviews, it will sake up some entrenched managers!
Pros: Salary is in the 80 - 90 percentile for comparable companies in the industry
Bonus is substantial and paid every year. Every gets at least 90% of bonus figure (15 to 30% of base salary), HPE can get 120 - 130%
Good vacation benefits, average medical and dental 
Management means what they say about work life balance
Work is quite satisfying and meaningful

Cons: You are held responsible for much of your own success. That can be good or bad, depending on your viewpoint. Large, global company can be daunting for some people.
Advice: Embrace change, leverage talent, alter your perspective.
Pros: Exceptional benefits, employer contributions, great healthcare, ample vacation plans. True commitment to my career path, whether in my current job or if a better opportunity or project opens up. Culture shock as to just how good it is here compared to many of my last employers. Easy to see why it is a Top Place to Work in the US.

Cons: Although the job description states that the role is for a Market Development Representative position, you are really an overpaid Telemarketer. The truth is this role consist of cold calling prospects 8- hours a day with the sole purpose of  setting appointments for Concur's Regional Sales Executives to follow up with potential new business. The practices that Concur uses to reach out to prospects is the biggest reason I left. You will be forced to mail merge/email blast thousands of new prospects, then follow up with them via telephone. Emailing these prospects constantly, calling them constantly, leads to a ton of rejection. They implemented new software to cut down on the email blast earlier this year, but with limited to sending 250 emails a day, they switched back to the "spray and pray" mentality. Get used email merges, daily, sometimes reaching out to 10K people at a time. It seems like they don't care about saturating their territories with constant emails. 

You must perform well in the Market Development Representative positions for a minimum of 12 months prior to being looked at going into any other role; in those 12 months, you must be hitting 100% to goal each month or you WILL NOT be promoted. That simple. The goals keep getting higher and higher because they want to get to 1 Billion in revenue by 2020. This is constantly preached. 

 This position is best suited for someone straight out of college, very flexible with work hours (some reps work 6:45am - 5:30pm daily), no kids, and live close to the St. Louis Park location. A large number of the current MDR's do not like the position at all, but are working hard to possibly be looked at to be promoted down the road.
Advice: Leadership shares a "it's never good enough type mentality". Leadership has their favorites within the group and they make that known. If you're doing well, leadership will give you time and attention. Management must inform people interested in this role what it's really like, not just talk about the incentives of working there (free soda/catered lunch) like they did in my interview.
Pros: Great culture. Some of the people I worked with in the last year are amazing! Nice office. Unlimited soda/coffee/LaCroix options. They cater in food all the time.

Cons: Internal clients could sometimes be very rushed due to their positions, meaning if anything went wrong they would hound us until the issue was resolved. This is not specific to SAP, but I definitely saw it more at the company than in other positions I've taken.
Advice: Make sure your employees are always in the know about what is going one, whether it be for a specific role or for a shift in the company as a whole.
Pros: In the IT support department everyone was very supportive and communicative. If you had questions there was always someone with an answer.

Cons: Very Cliquey - if you ain't in the right fraternity, forget it.  Very exclusive.
Annual Change
Even if you perform, your job is not safe
Constantly looking over your shoulder for someone coming with the knife
Advice: End the exclusivity
Promote on merit, not on familiarity
Allow people to develop in their role
Pros: Good pay and benefits
Smart people
Flexible
Winner's Circle

Cons: Very process driven, very complex matrixed organization with goals often not aligned across all LOB's. Politics can get in the way of good business because of the sheer size of the organization.
Advice: Simplify the Go to Market to weed out complexities. Pricing is too complex and takes too many iterations to position with customers. The company needs to pivot to the cloud with more focus. Compensation gets in the way of selling innovation in some examples
Pros: Sales machine with a good strategy. Great software focused on driving value for customers. The company treats its employees very well. Overall, great company to work for.

Cons: coffee & lunch are free, they have high sustainability goals, they highly encourage volunteering & community support, they have a beautiful building, fun people, tons of opportunity to grow and learn internally and sometimes completely reinvent yourself.  so the biggest con is that you'll love it so much you won't want to leave.
Advice: Keep it up!  We Love Bill & Jen!
Pros: industry leading women's equal opportunities.
maximum high tech content 
work-life balance
NSQ location offers a high quality of life you can Segway in Philly or Horse & Buggy in Lancaster... pick the model that works for you and your family.

Cons: Reorganizations do not always seem to be for the good of the employees.  Various levels of upper management can be out of touch at times, in large corporations, in general.
Advice: Get feedback from technical employee groups, treat them as equals to the marketing groups, and actually use the feedback in to improve situations.  Make it a priority to give consulting employees training in the new products, services, etc.,  before training all the Partners and pushing work to them.
Pros: Good co-workers, network of experts and online resources that are available to assist you with instructions, information, advice, etc!!

Cons: I work on the client-facing delivery side and the work is intense. There is a lot of travel and to succeed at SAP you have to work hard. There isn't much work-life balance and you do have to work through a maze of complexity in order to do things (lots of steps, rules, etc). It's a good company but you have to learn how to navigate it.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very supportive of their employees - there are regular training opportunities and movement throughout the organization is encouraged. The pay is solid and they reward employees who work hard.

Cons: If you are employed in a customer facing position that provides support and configuration assistance, then you will consistently be required to do more with less, and will be viewed as a necessary evil. Managers regularly refuse to allow employees to advance out of their roles if they are seen of immediate value in their current role.
Advice: Allow career advancement for all employees.
Pros: The SuccessFactors product truly is amazing, customizable, and tightly integrated between modules. There are a host of talented and dedicated employees that are committed to the betterment of the customers and their goals.

Cons: -My local in-house bosses didn't really interact with with me. I had more interactions with my boss in Germany.
-Stuck all of the co-ops in the basement and didn't get much exposure to the overall work life at SAP
-If you aren't an early bird than SAP isn't for you. I had a couple of early meeting at 5-6 in the morning
Advice: None
Pros: -Complex and interesting projects, there wasn't much busy work given
-Working on large scale projects, allowed me to meet a lot of great people
-Management and senior developers guided me throughout all of my development project

Cons: With fast and continuous growth, employees are expected to be up to speed quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: The transition from Fieldglass to SAP Fieldglass has been great for employees as well as customers. The career opportunities afforded as a result of the tremendous growth have been beneficial for current employees while allowing the company to bring on great team members from outside of Fieldglass too. Leadership is open and honest about growth, direction, and corporate goals. The SAP provided benefits are great including sick and PTO time, comprehensive health care, and Share Purchase Programs.

Cons: Large matrixed org means slow decision making. Very bloated company with thousands of useless jobs and people who slow things down or do poor work. Too many products, many which overlap and don't add incremental value. Complicated products. Old school stodgy reputation
Advice: Cut the fat. Get rid of at least 20% of people who don't add value. Close down 25% of products and focus on nailing fewer products
Pros: Great salary, good benefits, good people (mostly), interesting work. Nice people first culture

Cons: Priorities changes and lack of strong representation of women in truly leadership roles - not just managers (17.5% when i left) - yes there are some shining stars like Jen Morgan - but its still largely a boys club.
Advice: Pay attention to those you deem as "top talent" - give them the leadership opportunities to actually become the next leaders.
Pros: you can have 10 different jobs at SAP and a wealth of amazing experiences - travel, new challenges, opportunities

Cons: The manager of my team, head of emerging technologies, big data IoT was an absolute joke. Never have I come across someone so pathetically under skilled and yet allowed to maintain a stronghold of running a team. The manager didn't know anything about technology except how to rise up the management ranks.
Entire teams of people there know nothing and accomplish nothing.
Advice: When an entire team discusses with upper management about how pathetic their managers skill set is, please listen to them. I and many other people have since quit the company due to their incompetence. No one wants to work on a losing team.
Pros: Stable large company
Free food
Nice campus

Cons: It's a big company and not everyone is on the same page. Internal competition for development resources leads to overlapping products.
Advice: Get better coordinated at a strategic level with internal teams. The vision is there but not everyone inside is incentivized to support the vision especially when it means their area will be reduced.
Pros: Empowered with the tools to get my job down and the latitude to go do it my way by my management. Achieve your targets and you will be supported. Very flexible work culture.

Cons: I cannot think of any downsides.  As mentioned above I have been here for 20 years.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for 20 years and it is an excellent place to work. They provide excellent benefits, and they have grown right along with the business world, staying on the cutting edge to make it a pleasant flexible place to work. The goal is to provide you with a home/work/life balance. You can always adjust your schedule to fit in with the needs or activities of your family.

Cons: I cannot think of one single thing  that I did not like at SAP. The people were great the environment was fantastic.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Your commitment to your employees and the community is what separates SAP from the crowd
Pros: Great company. Great leadership. Challenging, fun and best work experience of my life. The leadership and people I worked for were the smartest in the industry.  When I became very sick they rallied around me and took care of my every need.

Cons: It's a big company and not everyone is on the same page. Internal competition for development resources leads to overlapping products.
Advice: Get better coordinated at a strategic level with internal teams. The vision is there but not everyone inside is incentivized to support the vision especially when it means their area will be reduced.
Pros: Empowered with the tools to get my job down and the latitude to go do it my way by my management. Achieve your targets and you will be supported. Very flexible work culture.

Cons: Nothing specific that stands out, if I had to find some, it will be in the lines of issues and challenges that any big multinational will encounter.
Advice: SAP had done a great job in shaping itself to prepare for the next generation, however the services organization should also be given priority as success of a software company depends on how well the software gets deployed.
Pros: Company is innovative and is a leader in the Cloud and ERP space, it has kept up with the changes in IT.

Cons: Struggling to move from waterfall development to something more agile and customer-centered, project decisions can be hierarchical rather than based on best for the product, integration with acquired companies still quite rocky, products (including internal) are still hard to use
Advice: Put more time, money, energy and effort into understanding users - this will lead to better products and happier staff
Pros: Design Thinking, good work spaces, great people, free lunch, wonderful campus, pretty flat organization, great work-life balance, creative people, good pay, good benefits, good bonuses

Cons: Corporation, Development and Sales not always on the same page as to how to establish priorities and move the company forward. Sometimes causes confusion within the support functions and delays ability to deliver on a timely basis.
Advice: Implement a process to function as a cohesive company versus at times what could be viewed as multiple business units establishing their own business plans.
Pros: Leader in it's industry. Fast pace fun company to work for. Cares about it's employees, provides opportunities to continually learn and move within the company.

Cons: Entrepreneurial spirit and growth at risk.  SAP investment in growth markets or innovation marginal compared to Concur.  Lack of clarity re integration in product roadmap, GTM plans and team orgs.  Flat to downward pressure on career growth.
Advice: Continue investment in SMB and Concur and SAP ERP product integration.  Provide structured career planning and integration for acquired companies to move into SAP roles.
Pros: Great sales centric culture, focus on remote/virtual productivity which is conducive to good work life balance.

Cons: Sadly the bean counters have taken over at what was once a great Technology company. Now , favoritism and nepotism rule career growth. I would give SAP 5 years at best to survive. It is going the i2 route, obsolete and incompetent.
Advice: Too much Nepotism and favoritism at leadership/VP level. This is leading to incompetence in customer service and delivery. Listen to your customer facing architects .
Pros: SAP used to be great fro education but not anymore.

Cons: There's a fair amount of administrative inertia that happens, tons of rules, and everyone wants to have a say in everything... it sometimes creates a drag on progress when there are too many meetings to talk about things.
Advice: None
Pros: There's a lot of freedom to identify market needs, make things that actually match what people tell you they want.

Cons: Managers very mixed in skill level and behaviours. Often hard to feel part of future when restructuring is so unsettling and managers do not know where they are going. Very political environment.
Advice: Weed out weaker managers and develop leaders who will stand for their people
Pros: Top management want to do the right thing and improve the working lives of all staff. Technology still makes a great difference for customers

Cons: Quick pivots can leave people behind.  Executives make binary adjustments (e.g. robust travel to customers, trainings, conventions || stop all non-customer travel and trim way back on travel to customers) instead of fine tuning as they go forward.
Advice: Use those great mgt reporting tools, fine tune continuously, and respect your workers.
Pros: Great back office support.  Great products and massive investment in development.  Well-respected in the market place.  Generous health benefits.

Cons: High tech industry is very fast paced with lots of challenges daily. If you don't like that type of environment then it would not be for you.
Advice: None
Pros: The people, talent and the all inclusive culture are just a few of the reasons I really love working at SAP. If you like a fast paced environment with lots of growth potential than I would highly recommend SAP. The benefits are great and salary is market comparable.

Cons: Overwhelming politics at mid/senior level, not a place for A graders, stagnant, too many reorgs and finally - young achievers stay away!
Advice: Stop focussing so much on “tenure” with SAP when it comes to opportunities and promotions. You end up rewarding the rusts while good ones flee.
Pros: Good W/L balance, easy to stay afloat and get decent pay for it, good campus, onsite gym, life is easy of you can get along in the team

Cons: Not a con- but you need to jump right in, and invest the time to learn the culture and operations of the company
Advice: Continue to lead with professionalism and by example- it is a core part of who we are.
Pros: Leadership, overall employee benefits, career path, SAP is a culture that embraces growth, development and they create opportunities for their employees to add value

Cons: Some changes after the SAP acquisition. Learning to navigate a larger organization with a slightly different culture takes some getting used to.
Advice: Value those with knowledge who helped build this company. They know best where opportunities to improve lie and how to be most successful dealing with prospects, customers and internal employees.
Pros: Start-up with a wonderful family culture and the ability to build something you can be proud of--a great SaaS Talent Management Software offering.

Cons: Remote companies have a lot of loose ends in the business processes (e.g. communication on hiring, promotions, etc.) 

Lots of work to be shared across the board. Also, the sales folks rule the company,
Advice: Better transparency with interpersonal profession relationships. Who has authority over whom and why.
Pros: Pay is nice. The defined progression eases you into the project management profession. The perks are also a plus: Free lunches, very generous vacation time, free certification and SAP training.

Cons: Remote companies have a lot of loose ends in the business processes (e.g. communication on hiring, promotions, etc.) 

Lots of work to be shared across the board. Also, the sales folks rule the company,
Advice: Better transparency with interpersonal profession relationships. Who has authority over whom and why.
Pros: Pay is nice. The defined progression eases you into the project management profession. The perks are also a plus: Free lunches, very generous vacation time, free certification and SAP training.

Cons: Management isn't local - all directives come from Germany. Not just a time difference, but a culture difference in how SAP operates day-to-day.  Just need to understand how the management hierarchy works and how communication flows back to HQ. Palo Also has lost some of it's political power in Development  when Vishal Sikha left a couple of years ago.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Technical Software products being developed and show-case campus located in Palo Alto near Stanford Campus.

Cons: still very hierarchical decision-making; hasn't integrated acquired companies well; poor products; not customer or user-centered (though trying)
Advice: Put more time, energy, money, effort into understanding users; ensure projects and product design are goal-based and not on the whims of people "higher up"; actually practice the Design Thinking you promote
Pros: creative people, fun work environment, great campus, flat organization, Fellowships offer the opportunity to try out other positions or other locations, good pay, free food, good work-life balance, design thinking

Cons: Work/life balance can be a little tricky. As a very connected workforce (mobile, laptop, etc) one can find themselves working around the clock.
Advice: None
Pros: An empathetic company that cares about its customers, employees, community and world in which we live. I feel they offer a fair salary and excellent benefits package. The culture and values of the organization are embedded within each line of business. Bill McDermott is inspirational!

Cons: Many internal processes are frustratingly outdated and cumbersome.
Advice: Take advantage of the many resources available to you to develop yourself and your employees. Sometimes managers don't focus on the critical people management aspect of their roles.
Pros: Growth and development is encouraged . Great benefits in terms of vacation/sick leave/parental leave for a company in the US. Leaders are generally trustworthy and transparent.  Good work/life balance and flexible working hours. Culture focused on health and sustainability.

Cons: Poor execution on vision. Many acquisitions continue to be a challenge.

Comp plan for reps up to 50% quota will challenge most newcomers.

Heavily deployed sales teams with thin territories is creating turnover or at least transitions to other SAP divisions.
Advice: Focus investment on fixing foundation instead of creating new solutions.

Value employees enough to realize they have families and pay them reasonably.
Pros: SAP brand name and people, ethics are great.

Good vision of what they want to achieve

Cons: Pay Equality to match the market in non generating revenue positions.
Internal Processed complexity and puts a stop on innovation..
Advice: Pay Equality to match the market. This is very hard to achieve with current management, special when there are clear evidence from tools like Glassdoor indicating you are underpaid like 20-25% under the market.
Pros: Great culture, great environment, diverse employees and teams, a truly global company with a lot of opportunities. Great vision for cloud and on premise solutions.

Cons: So far I haven't observed areas where chances for improvement aren't already underway.
Advice: Love your focus on bringing the positive changes the world needs like Business without Bias, differently abled hiring, LGBTQ advocacy etc.
Pros: Engaged and enthusiastic leadership fosters a culture of excitement and professional "stretching".  We are all encouraged to bring our creativity and commitment to continue delivering the best products / services to our customers.

Cons: So far I haven't observed areas where chances for improvement aren't already underway.
Advice: Love your focus on bringing the positive changes the world needs like Business without Bias, differently abled hiring, LGBTQ advocacy etc.
Pros: Engaged and enthusiastic leadership fosters a culture of excitement and professional "stretching".  We are all encouraged to bring our creativity and commitment to continue delivering the best products / services to our customers.

Cons: - No sales development path or proper training
- Nepotism all over; those who are related or friends with VP's get promoted, others don't
Advice: Take some advice from some of the fresher up and coming tech companies; adjust the culture to 2017
Pros: - Product sells itself, little enterprise selling required; people either already have SAP or have a pre-conceived perception of if they'd ever buy it
- Constantly acquiring new technologies to sell
- Market leader

Cons: SME space continues to mature. There are some disconnects and growing pains in an effort to adhere to a process that works and flows well with the overall Sales organization.
Advice: Recognize publicly that not every territory is as fruitful as others.
Pros: CEO is admired. Strong leadership. Commitment to employees is strong from career development perspective. Great pay and benefits. Strategy to acquire best of breed solutions and integrate into the platform is positive.

Cons: At times, hard to make decisive decisions due to some level of bureaucracy inherent in a large global company.
Advice: Continue to push the envelope on the innovation front and continue to trust your tremendously talented employees.  Also, try to significantly move the needle on the diversity front in the near term as there is an opportunity to lead our industry in that area as well.
Pros: Exceptional CEO, Talented, Passionate, and Innovative Employees

Cons: I have not experienced any so far.
Advice: Keep telling us like it is! :)
Pros: I joined this company because of its commitment to help the world run better and improving people’s lives. Having the privilege to serve our communities during the month of October has been a blessing. This announcement today reinforces my belief that the executive management team truly values what is important to its employees, partners and customers in the US.

Cons: There are times when you have to work over weekends, but that is rare.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture. They create an environment that encourages people to be creative when finding solutions that work best for the customers. At the same time they are challenging the individual to be their best version of themselves. They also allow a great work/life balance that allows us to work harder when there are tight deadlines.

Cons: Projects can take longer to complete sometimes, due to the matrixed organization. Decision making can sometimes be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a company with purpose, that lives true to its mission to make the world run better and improve people's lives. The opportunities for growth, excellent benefits, focus on Diversity & Inclusion, and the importance placed on Corporate Social responsibility make this an amazing place to work.

Cons: Somewhat hard to get promoted. It might take years and you might still be stuck in the same position.
Advice: Promote within and don't always look outsider to hire someone.
Pros: SAP policies and management are very flexible when it comes to working remotely or accommodating various life situations (sick days, doctor visits, etc.). Management is encouraged to measure an employee by their work and impact and not by days in the office.

Cons: Many layers of management
Advice: My experience is that when someone is considered a high-value employee, they move them into a management role whether they have people management skills or not.   I've had several managers who have no business managing people but are just 'getting their ticket punched' before they can be promoted.   Many are better off just being individual contributors.
Pros: Work from home options, flexibility, great benefit package

Cons: big hierarchy, easy to get lost in shuffle and politics, weak internal candidate considerations, forced laterals to avoid promotional growth
Advice: Proactive internal hiring practices, create room to grow for tenured, keep the innovation up, lead change and make world better and smarter
Pros: Competitive compensation, great benefits, telecommuting, market leader with huge ecosystem, strong CEO, global reach and diversity, cool offices around the world

Cons: It is a huge company. It can be difficult to find the right people support you. At the same time, there are so many people and tools to help you.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture. Work - life balance is valued. Maternity AND paternity leave is standard. They have a great early talent program to train recent college graduates. I have never worked for a company that truly values their employees like SAP.

Cons: Work/life balance is taking a huge hit right now. Management increases the number of mandatory trainings while we are at customers 4 days a week and we still need to travel. It is a high pressure job and unlikely to offer better work life balance.
Advice: Company should find a way to remedy this or the turnover will skyrocket.
Pros: Office itself offers great perks such as gym and great food. Great benefits.

Cons: Sometimes there's an overload of information coming our way. Changes are customer focused, but are wondering if they get internal employee input as well.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Maternity/Paternity leave, lunch credit, free drinks, and events with snacks. Although there have been some departmental changes recently, managers have been open and accepting of our comments. The flexibility to work from home is very helpful as it gives a weekly environment change.

Cons: It can be very bureaucratic and have the corporate vibe that can hinder progress and motivation
Advice: Unequal pay is a problem. You have to walk the talk of corporate purpose with your employees first taking a proactive approach to get rid of unequal pay.
Pros: Management is very supportive of employees getting trained and instilling a culture of lifelong learning through free online courses.
Flexible working options: you can work remotely

Cons: - they are about to lose their corporate identity. In the past it was something special to work for them. In the meantime, I only fealt as a anonymous number.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great colleagues and work atmosphere,
- Enjoyed working for them (11y GER/6y US) every single days
- Optimal health care coverage
- Nice campus in the Philadelphia area

Cons: Nothing comes to mind in this section of the review at the moment. SAP continues to invest heavily in R&D and it shows in its vast portfolio.
Advice: #BBB NICE JOB, keep it going.
Pros: People who work at SAP are World class, smart, doers who push each other to be the best for the customer. Intense, dynamic tech environment perfect for high achievers and go-getters.

Cons: Very poor management. 
Lack of transparency from upper management to consultants.
Management does not provide any direction as to what is going on.
Advice: Transparency!!! This  needs to be communicated from the highest level of management. Management needs to provide clear direction as to what is going on.
Pros: Great work atmosphere. 
Generous vacation and sick time (unlimited). 
Stable software platform for the systems to run off of.

Cons: Somewhat demanding on personal time, and requires a flexible employee around this need.  Mothership is in Germany, so you can expect some early meetings possibly in addition to your normal US shift.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to move position or locations.  Good communications from leadership, and well guided.  Intelligent co-workers, and a very equal opportunity workplace.

Cons: They own your life....really.... SAP does not care about its individual employees, only the quarterly performance. Management turnover is the worst I have ever seen.
Advice: Act like you actually care for the employees,  beyond just hitting a number.
Pros: Small chance at making a million dollars in commission. high chance at not staying longer than a year.

Cons: 80k+ employees leads to some bureaucracy and "design by committee"
Advice: strong leaders with vision in key positions will drive strategy faster than group acceptance
Pros: Broad range of technologies to work with, pockets of deep technical knowledge and always someone willing to share what they know and what they're working on.  Global workforce always bringing fresh new ideas to the table.

Cons: Very political, need to be in Philadelphia to go anywhere in the US part of the organization.
Advice: Would rather bring people from China, India, or Ireland at much lower salaries than cultivate talent in US.
Pros: Overall, a good place to work for 5 years or so.  If you're not in leading something you'll need to move on to another area.

Cons: At first, the ever changing environment was a negative, but everyone soon realizes that even the change is a great think as it almost always turns out for the best.
Advice: Keep any surprises to a minimum.
Pros: The company has unending potential for growth in your career.  Mostly everyone is extremely customer focused and ready to do what is best for the team.

Cons: The worst culture. They pretend to be progressive and transparent, but they are passive aggressive. I worked for a Manager / VP who brought no value. Weird experience, happy to leave.
Advice: Figure out your culture and have managers who bring value.
Pros: Large territories and lots of freedom to market and network.  Great products.

Cons: Can be some sharks in the sales organization, but that's sales. High expectations, and can be difficult to navigate an 84k person organization.
Advice: Apply the Run Simple principle to our internal operations.
Pros: This company employs smart people that keep you on your toes and learning every day. SAP is willing to invest in its workforce and brings a fantastic work-life balance.

Cons: To much red tape. Reorganization happens almost every 6 months. Many acquisitions and poor integration has made so many silos. Any new policy/benefits comes with many paragraphs applicable to different company’s’ employees.
Advice: Make the internal organization and management simple too.
Pros: With many acquisition you get many opportunities for you to move around if you really try and have manager’s backing.

Cons: Little to no job feedback (whether positive or negative), which would improve the experience for all parties.The company seems to have shifted its focus from the happiness of their employees to the satisfaction of their clients since the acquisition by SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Generous PTO/sick day policy, coworkers are friendly and always willing to help, room for advancement within the company.

Cons: Like any large corporation, it is large and can be difficult to comprehend. The key is the building of your own personal relationships and networks. That takes time, but pays off.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP promotes a fluid culture where they want you to succeed. Your success is their success. SAP places a strong emphasis on your growth and development, and rewards accordingly.

Cons: Mid level management stymied by senior mgmt politics. Too much senior VP and above worship.
Advice: Cut down on politics by doing top down and bottom up reviews.
Pros: Fantastic place to build a career, colleagues are mostly focused on doing the right thing. Hard work and smart work rewarded. Company has employee satisfaction as a top priority.

Cons: As a publicly traded company, it's a quarter-by-quarter roller coaster. Staffing can go up or quickly down with one bad quarterly forecast.
Advice: The end-of-quarter paranoia paralyzes many people and causes unnecessary distraction.
Pros: SAP is a great company. The caliber of people you get to work with are top-notch. It's also got a very good culture and a positive and professional work environment.

Cons: Top-down communication is poor
Business models in some areas are top heavy in relationship positions and lacking in solution positions
Lack of formalized training relating to roles
Career development is "self-service"
Advice: None
Pros: Great people
Dev and QA teams are top-notch
Mid-level managers are good 
Decent pay
Decent bonus
Good benefits
Opportunities to contribute to change
Ability to be heard at every level

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge if you don't set boundaries and communicate with your manager on questions on priorities.
Advice: Don't stop talking to your employees :)
Pros: Awesome benefits, super-intelligent passionate colleagues, great facilities to work in, super professional environment where people are very respectful of one another and leaders who walk the talk!  Really like a family!

Cons: The actual cubes no longer exist. Hard to concentrate sometimes with all the surrounding noises. Some of the offices are still formal.
Advice: Some of the managers need to be trained. But the majority of them are great!
Pros: Very forward thinking and progressive. Love the laid back office atmosphere. Great people!! Any training you can think of is available.

Cons: Poor digital skill set at company and lack of interest to train employees. Siloed organization. Hard to get things done and make an impact.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Global organization with a lot of interesting people.  Company does try to keep the promise of making the world run better.

Cons: SAP has acquired so many other companies that i believe they have lost their identity.
Advice: None. It is such a complex org structure typical of global companies that it depends on the country, region, department that you work for.
Pros: Great company, products and services. You learn a lot and have many opportunities to grow within the company.

Cons: The platinum certified building is not people friendly.
Advice: Please continue your proactive business direction,  presentations and employee interactions.
Pros: The SAP culture is fantastic. The people are honest, hard working and intelligent.  The compnay shares revenue, supports carreer paths, has great benefits, understands time off & family, is inclusive, and generous with charities. Facilities and equipment are excellent.

Cons: Location, values of the company has changed since 2009, before it was easier to move around and was very personality based now its a lot more difficult to do that.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, 401K, start off with 3 weeks vacation and 5 personnel days.  
Great people, great mentors, the original people really care about you and your career

Cons: The company is big and it can be easy to get lost in the mix, there is a great deal of hierarchy, but still a great place to work.
Advice: Continue to create initiatives that identify up and coming talent and find ways to invest in them and keep them engaged
Pros: Great Leadership 
Cares about employees
Quality products
Strong benefits 
great people

Cons: Focus is on things shipped, sometimes to the detriment of innovation or longer-term strategic objectives. Following the shiny objects sometimes.
Advice: Don't alter course too often, let things get finished. Introduce true focus.
Pros: Good product, many very smart people, good colleagues, good interaction, and recognition for a job well done.  Focus is on getting things shipped.

Cons: None I can think of. This company is amazing and there's a reason its ranked #15 as the best company to work for.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Benefits, people, compensation, culture. Managers don't micromanage. Office is located just outside of Philly too. On boarding process has been well thought out and is efficient.

Cons: Pre-job offer was highly nerve wreaking as communication is transferred from the team to HR which takes a separate process that can be somewhat confusing.
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Culture  is centered around everyone counts and human-centric considerations, both for employees as well as customers.  Seamless on-boarding, support teams for employees are highly effective and responsive.

Cons: Very sales driven,  hard to manage cross team projects, very HQ driven (Germany),  still to much legacy apps. Why I need 20 words cons here ?
Advice: Good CEO
Pros: Stable company, good benefits, after a couple of years 25day pto (us) + 5 extra days and 32 days (Germany), parent leave, life insurance , good technology

Cons: Management is out of touch with employees.  Lack of communication from management.
Advice: Enforce the policies, hold people accountable for guidelines set in place, improve communication.  We would like to know about changes/issues with our clients before they call for assistance, not after.
Pros: Amazing Benefits, great in office perks such as soda and coffee.

Cons: I cannot think of any other than when required to convert from a contractor to employee, there was a significant cut in pay but with the same job responsibilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful work life balance.  The company encourage increased learning and provided many opportunities to grow if willing to step into multiple projects

Cons: Overly complex internally and so large it is difficult to navigate, sales-driven culture and decisions, rigorous processes, support staff (HR, functional management) not proactive--which is also a pro regarding empowerment
Advice: None
Pros: Learning environment, commitment to fairness and equality, strong core values and culture,  great benefits, empathetic, profitable, empowering employees, management will listen based on employee surveys.

Cons: Conflicting job duties, appeasing both sales and marketing is a balancing act, at times puts the IMR at a conflict of interest. Should you do what sales wants or marketing?
Advice: Discontinue the process that create internal conflicts of interest, allow open lines of communication to stakeholders.
Pros: Career advancement opportunities, incoming leads provided, minimal outbound calling,

Cons: I cannot think of any real cons. There is some international travel but I enjoy that. The office was in the city but I had flexibility to work remotely.
Advice: Continue doing a great job!
Pros: Work with cutting edge technology to improve business processes. 
Wonderful company. 
Inspiring leadership and colleagues
Exceptional resources for employee development

Cons: Company structure is always changing
Advice: Understand the need to revisit and focus the strategy but there needs to be more stability in the leadership and organization structure.
Pros: SAP is a leader and continues to move forward with new technologies and strategy.
Company has a global footprint that provides opportunity and growth.

Cons: -Milestones are sometimes given more time than needed.
Advice: None
Pros: -SAP has a very good  work culture.  Everyone was given equal opportunities  (at least in my team)
- There are a lot of events happening on campus, where one can showcase his/her talent outside the team too.
- One of the best places to work.

Cons: large size means lot of processes
Advice: more highly paid developers/engineers (also in customer facing roles) needed for innovation , than too many leadership roles. ratio is many times 10:1, when 10 managers/directors/VPs/executives are looking for one expert to resolve critical issues
Pros: Work Life balance, strong foundation built on engineering

Cons: Matrix, bureaucratic, varied perception in the market place, can be tough for mid-career positions.
Advice: Simplify, remove silo's, allow for varied work cultures ... one dance style  does not make for a party
Pros: Diversity, Scale, Innovation, fantastic horizontal employment opportunities. Good place for entry level positions, good place for late career positions

Cons: 1. Bonus are lower than other companies.
2. Some tech stack are out of date. (although we have new tech)
3. New hire can hardly find the suitable position
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Very good life and balance.
2. Nice colleagues and boss.
3. Good vision of the industry and leader

Cons: Big company with 90K employees, which means there is going to be politics at play, and also red tape to get projects off the ground
Advice: Keep communication channels open
Pros: Considerate CEO who cares about employees and  provides clear direction for the company 
Employees who are very involved and knowledgeable

Cons: There are some competing business units which can confuse customers.
Advice: Ensure strategy cascades through the org past level 2-3. Focus on simplification for customers, especially when it comes to cloud portfolio.
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits, good working conditions, good leadership and direction. Great coworkers.

Cons: Being forced to come up with cons.... I can only say, due to the size of the company, sometimes it takes a bit longer to turn ideas into reality.
Advice: None
Pros: Trust, respect for who you are as an individual, ability to influence the scope of your work, open door policy,  work-life-balance

Cons: Cultural differences between SAP and the new cloud acquisitions, and even among the acquisitions make it a hard place to excel, or even survive.
Advice: None
Pros: Great number of talented employees coming through the acquisitions
Company trying hard to retain top talent

Cons: Luck of permanent work desk for most of the interns and entry-level employees. Also, it is unusual for employees to work with two monitors. Most of them work just with a laptop alone which is very inconvenient
Advice: None
Pros: The company provides access to gym, covers lunch expenses, and overall benefits are great

Cons: Too much travels for COE, salary growth rate is slow, knowledge set is too narrow but the pressure is also not that high
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work, good work life balance, working environment is very good. All others are good. I love SAP

Cons: Direction of solution/software changes quickly and sometimes in multiple directions at once.
Advice: Stay progressive in thought, policy, and action.  Be pragmatic and compassionate in all things.
Pros: Collaborative environment with access to the resources you need to move your career forward.  Respected company and solid products.

Cons: None that I can think of, then again, I am a glass half full type person.
Advice: Keep doing a great job in valuing your employees.
Pros: The culture is very people oriented.  SAP promotes self development and is in a strong growth mode with opportunities for advancement.

Cons: Overworked, underpaid, lots of coolaid. High school clique feeling. Good if just out of college. They want you to suck up to all the partners big time so good luck having any life out side of work.  Specifically they want you to live in the ADP offices which is notoriously a joke and scum bag org.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool office, cool city. Good budget to pamper yourself with food, wine, hotels, Starbucks, etc.  Basically unlimited budget for expenses.

Cons: If you are use to a fast paced sales environment, this is not it
Advice: Stop rearranging the territories and roles every 6 months- a year and allow people to continue building out their territories
Pros: Best work/play environment and great management

Cons: There isn’t enough events (hours) throughout the month, parking is some what far, I didn’t really like the uniform we had to wear
Advice: None
Pros: They are Very flexible, you can choose your own hours, monthly schedule, friendly coworkers, you are able to listen to concerts/shows

Cons: Too much travel, highly demanding work during closing season
Advice: Great management, proactive and empower promoters in all of their business units.
Pros: Great company to work for, I love the work culture and the challenging atmosphere. Good Benefits and Pay, Good Work Environment, Well Respected Company

Cons: Once put on the bench, very hard to get next assignment.
Advice: Establish better billing rates for consultants in order to make them more market competitive.
Pros: Once on a project as a consultant, it seemed the work next stopped.  Change Orders kept coming along.

Cons: Not a strong depth of knowledge of how a Cloud company should truly run; internal processes are too slow for quick growth.
Advice: Truly adapt to the nature of the Cloud technology world.
Pros: Great benefits and salary. Plenty of support options for personal career growth.

Cons: Some opportunities to learn are only offered once and sometimes you are too busy to attend them.
Advice: Send more emails about opportunities for interns to learn such as speeches and lectures.
Pros: As an intern they provide lots of fun activities as well as opportunities to learn.

Cons: Too many management layers
Not enough time to accomplish task which results in lower quality
Managers have too much on their plate so they don't have time to pay attention to individual employee's needs
Advice: Listen to your employee's concerns!
Pros: Great benefits
Outstanding bonus
Co-workers are wonderful

Cons: Nothing to say at the moment. I have encountered no cons as of yet.
Advice: Keep doing all the great things you are doing SAP. You deserve to be rated "Best Places to Work."
Pros: Flexible hours, supportive team, excellent work culture

Cons: SAP software is proprietary so not alot of outside learning material. Not many youtube videos, tutorials, etc found on google. Internal training and courses leave much to be desired.
Advice: More open source software
Pros: work from home all the time

Cons: Salary is not the best for the types of roles within the company
Advice: Allow employees to jump into different roles. Some management behavior around this give the employee the impression that their career ambitions are being impeded
Pros: Great flexibility and good opportunities

Cons: I wish I joined the company 10 years ago.
Advice: Continuous employee communication is excellent.  Don't stop.
Pros: Colleagues are as interested in your success as your own.  CEO, Board and Presidents aligned.  Future thought leadership.

Cons: I wish I joined the company 10 years ago.
Advice: Continuous employee communication is excellent.  Don't stop.
Pros: Colleagues are as interested in your success as your own.  CEO, Board and Presidents aligned.  Future thought leadership.

Cons: Global team = very widespread working hours; can also be a positive on flexibility
Advice: None
Pros: All in for inclusivity; supports , acknowledges and celebrates our diverse community ; authentic vision that I can feel is core throughout the entire WW company

Cons: Overall very good company. The org structure is complex, so that can create confusion and slow things down a bit, but I think leadership is aware of that and tries to remove as many road blocks as they can
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader. Vision for the future

Cons: The size can make it difficult to act quickly. For those who aren't used to navigating a large dynamic company, they may find themselves challenged.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very ambitious in everything that it does from growth to product to customers.

Cons: Constant shuffle of leadership. 
No Leader lasts more than a year.  Changes direction so many times that its frustrating. 
Hot bed of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Startup mind set. 
In the right teams, there is space to innovate.

Cons: Processes can be a little over-engineered at times.
Advice: Keep up the good work..... thanks for making us proud to work for SAP
Pros: Treat employees great, make you feel like family, great executive leadership team.

Cons: You need a network,  you can only win as a team, single player wins are not possible
Advice: Keep up the great SAP Atitude
Pros: SAP Employees are humble and collaborative with the customer success as a team sport at all times.

Cons: Management is not great. People on top are clueless and do not know how to promote early talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. In general, the people there are amazing and extremely nice. There are great perks

Cons: The pay is generally lower than competition.
Advice: The pay does not match the level of work we do. Guys with 1-2 yrs experience, getting paid as associates for performing senior level tasks !
Pros: Excellent company to work for.
Good work life balance.

Cons: The pay is very low compared to other equivalent companies.
Advice: Raise wages.    The cost of living keep going up but I salaries are not going up accordingly
Pros: They are fairly lienient with being able to do your own schedule

Cons: Recruiting team is lackluster in communications to internal employees
Advice: To retain top talent, ensure they are provided with opportunities to move into different areas every few years
Pros: Great focus on employee success, Good pay package, Great benefits

Cons: There are no cons that I am aware of at this time.
Advice: Continue to recruit amazing people!
Pros: SAP provides its employees with a great work/life balance and any support needed to get the job done!

Cons: Too complex for employees to navigate in regards to who to contact for what.  Complex SAP software
Advice: One point contact for all customers and then let it be sorted out internally
Pros: Benefits, opportunities, career development, amazing CEO, remote work

Cons: I think it was just the management in my department, they were horrible.
Advice: Stop bullying people or they will all leave.
Pros: I did learn how to use SRM and it was not intuitive at all.

Cons: None that I am aware of
Advice: None
Pros: Networrks and resources  -  open door culture  and willingness to help is everywhere.
Technology stack is incredible - always looking forward for what's next
Outstanding compnsation and benefits packages

Cons: Too large and hard to know and match up with everyone's working style. Some international meetings can make you sleepy in very early mornings.
Advice: None
Pros: Best work life balance, employees are treated nicely with lunch , snacks and other benefits.

Cons: Little to no career development for middle management. Promotions to senior management based on who you know. Heavy sales culture, sales experience valued exponentially higher than other types of experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great CEO, strong vision, world class sales force

Cons: Need more women managers in sales enabling roles
Advice: Please consider promoting more women
Pros: Great work life balance
Excellent benefits

Cons: It's a very large company and is sometimes difficult to get internal decisions made up the chain of command
Advice: Focus on internal simplicity
Pros: SAP is a great company. Teamwork is key and leadership is hands on and constructive.

Cons: Bureaucracy, you are seen as a number- very hard to distinguish yourself since it is so large
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of mobility options within the company.
Competitive Salary
Yearly Bonus'

Cons: Large company, lots of standards, they hold you to a high standard.  May be difficult to move up through the bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, competitive benefits, great brand name recognition.

Cons: It can be stressful in the customer facing roles.
Advice: None
Pros: They are good to their people.  There is a work hard/play hard mentality with a heavy emphasis on work/life balance.

Cons: Not many to speak of.  Must be open to change since it's inevitable.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture even during continuous growth.  Fast paced environment with opportunity for career advancement.

Cons: Very demanding. Management doesn't seem to know how to help you advance technically.
Advice: Management not good with understand the employee skill. They believe one box fits all.
Pros: Good Pay, Bonus and benefits

Cons: Difficult to move up the corporate ladder, once you are hired into a salary range, good luck moving out of it!
Advice: Learn how to develop your top talent.
Pros: Great benefits, awesome colleagues, great CEO

Cons: none, apart from the fact that it is a huge company and hence can be a bit slow in changing at times...
Advice: None
Pros: open atmosphere
cutting edge technologies
good benefits and compensation
great work life balance

Cons: Large company, lots of standards, they hold you to a high standard.  May be difficult to move up through the bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, competitive benefits, great brand name recognition.

Cons: Large company, do not leverage many of the great tools that we offer to the market
Advice: Use the tools that we make to make ourselves run better.
Pros: Amazing benefits, fantastic technology, great customers innovative work

Cons: Sometimes can seem a bit disorganized. Be ready to deal with uncertainty.
Advice: Improve internal processes, in particular those related to the intersection of sales and services teams.
Pros: Good manager and peers. Good market strategy.

Cons: Some times challenging to keep up with all innovations topics we SAP release to the market
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is all about the people and how the workforce can make a change with our technology

Cons: Reorganization every 18 months; lots of locations world-wide means hiring is not always in your region.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, lots of PTO; good flex scheduling so long as you get your projects done.

Cons: •contract ended short 
•no available position to become a full time employee
Advice: None
Pros: •Atmosphere was calm 
•treated like a full time employee even though I was a intern
•lunch voucher 
•pay was great as a intern

Cons: Stressful specially at the end of the month, quarter and end of the year (Dec).  Constant change of strategy, territory, BOM, direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Benefits, Personal Sales Growth, Company potential and growth

Cons: Stressful specially at the end of the month, quarter and end of the year (Dec).  Constant change of strategy, territory, BOM, direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Benefits, Personal Sales Growth, Company potential and growth

Cons: The only con is that I am no longer there.  Great company!
Advice: Find a place for Fred Ascher and bring him back!
Pros: Fantastic company that encourages creativity and true team spirit!

Cons: - Slow professional growth
- Office does not have many perks that some other tech companies provide
Advice: None
Pros: - Friendly environment with people willing to help each other
- Good work/life balance

Cons: I have nothing to say here.
Advice: None
Pros: The team is just incredible. The salary is great, there is just so much to it that is unbeatable by other software companies.

Cons: > many cool projects happen at the headquarters in Germany
> many early morning calls with headquarters in Germany
Advice: None
Pros: > good benefits
> good work/life balance
> great initiatives on camppus e.g. TedTalks, beer bash etc.

Cons: That you don't work here!
Advice: Thank you, keep up the good work!
Pros: * Working 100% from home
* Great Team Support
* Recognition is none stop
* Work Life Balance

Cons: Limited vertical growth  however employees do make lateral movements.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture,  good benefits - flexible work hours, good vacation time. Employees encouraged to give back to communities.

Cons: - Company promises alot, and has a very hard time living up to it
- Beware of the smiling faces
Advice: Be honest and live up to the espoused ideals
Pros: - Learn to be successful with shallow people that smile alot
- Learn how difficult it is for customers to use their software

Cons: None that I can think of. This really is an amazing company and they have so many opportunities for their employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, updates for leadership every quarter, opportunities for career progression

Cons: Can be challenges with maintaining customer success due to turnover from acquisition.
Advice: Continue to train and develop your talent.
Pros: -Pay, Innovation, Support, Colleagues, and Customers

Cons: Political, too many direction changes every few months that don't lend accountability and measuring of various efforts by groups and departments for true business evaluation.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, multifaceted environment, good people, exciting projects.

Cons: Political
Growth can happen or it can't - just depends on how strategic you are
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to learn
Great culture and benefits
Intrapreneurial opportunities if you know the right people

Cons: Political
Growth can happen or it can't - just depends on how strategic you are
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to learn
Great culture and benefits
Intrapreneurial opportunities if you know the right people

Cons: Work life balance as a consultant is a constant struggle. 

Career path is not well defined
Advice: Work on mentoring the resources
Pros: SAP has one of the best Benefits package in the industry

Cons: Just like any large company  has redundancy
Advice: Leverage internal talent effectively
Pros: SAP has a Entrepreneurial culture that encourages new ideas and innovation.

Cons: Sometimes the services offered have overlaps with more than one department.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and benefits! Lot of independence on making decisions on your own project within the overarching guiding principles.

Cons: Poor communication from top down. Can't advance.
Advice: Listen to your employees more and make them #1 priority not numbers.
Pros: People and projects were good.

Cons: fairly monotonous work for the most part with the exception of a few interesting projects
Advice: None
Pros: Given a degree of responsibility, flexible with part time, good pay

Cons: 401K, technology brand in US as compare to some other top tech brands.
Advice: Bring efficiency in hierarchy/ roles & responsibilities.
Pros: Work life balance, benefits, ESPP/ stocks, internal opportunity, cloud growth

Cons: Number oriented, not people oriented, management team not prepared
Advice: I don't have advice to management team.. each company acts according to what they have as good principles
Pros: Very good environment, good beneficts

Cons: Work life balance at times is not great
Advice: More involvement of SAP change and transformation champions with customers.
Pros: One of the best Global companies around with true people culture.

Cons: Good technical talent is rewarded with people responsibility for which they are woefully inadequate
Advice: Institute 360 review mechanism
Pros: Benefits, brand, and technology leadership

Cons: Work / Life Balance not great.
Advice: Find more ways to motivate and accelerate career paths.
Pros: Great culture and team spirit.  Allows for creativity and growth for advancement.

Cons: Not applicable, only thing is you need to scale up / learn to company expectations.
Advice: Bill is great Leader.
Pros: Space to Grow
Great company to work

Cons: Haven't found any yet to mention
Advice: Keep on keeping the "heart" in all we do at Successfactors.
Pros: Authentic and passionate organization with the best products in the space!

Cons: Management decision insights lack clarity
Advice: Reinforce the employees who have experience and have done credible well for the company
Pros: Flexible, work-home balance, good teams and colleagues to work

Cons: Depending on area of work: Poor work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment. Lots of opportunity to learn and grow. Excellent benefits and plenty of vacation.

Cons: Large account team with redundant responsibilities made it difficult to work with customers.
Advice: Contribute more resources to closing renewals.
Pros: Great opportunity to work with customers and drive renewals.

Cons: Some tools a bit inflexible, difficult to use.
Advice: Keep up the good work.  Pedal to the metal!
Pros: Great culture of winning, and driving customer success.
Well managed business.

Cons: Can have a big company feel, some duplication in development / effort
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical and fair, sincerely pushing for innovation and incorporating new technological advances into enterprise applications.

Cons: The best and brightest know this place is the best and brightest, and never leave.  Growing is highly competitive.
Advice: keep it up1
Pros: Work with the smartest people, EVER

Cons: Travel, work / life balance can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, excellent management, excellent leadership. Company culture and values are in line with my interests.

Cons: missing cross team collaboration and setting cross team goals
Advice: Cross team optimization is more important than single team optimization
Pros: great teams, excellent team collaboration, flat structures, international company

Cons: my team lead is a micromanger
Advice: step back and trust your employees
Pros: SAP is great to their employees and always reaching out to the community

Cons: Gaining access to VDI is basically impossible whenever you get a new phone.
Advice: None
Pros: My team works in a really fun problem space and maintains excellent work/life balance.

Cons: Without actual networking and connections it hard to really plan your career growth/expansion
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a strategic mindset to plan products for the future!

Cons: Working is a bigger organization and Navigating to the right stakeholder is critical.
Advice: Elevate smart people within organization  .
Pros: Leader and trusted partner for Digital Transformation.

Cons: None at all, I'm happy
Advice: Keep the culture going! It will help SAP in the long-term!
Pros: Phenomenal place to work: awesome culture, awesome coworkers, love it!!

Cons: Some silos exist within certain business units, often results in duplication of efforts.
Advice: None
Pros: CLO is engaged and at the forefront of the learning industry.

Cons: Not much to complain about
Advice: Stay the course
Pros: Highest pay, best benefits, room to grow, promote internally, opportunity to be successful

Cons: It can be a little process heavy and slow to adapt to change.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a real focus on employee satisfaction and wellness.

Cons: Not enough positions for all who want to work @SAP.
Advice: Train, be available, teach by your actions
Pros: The environment is open, communal, active and appealing.

Cons: global company, may need to adjust work hours accordingly
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great benefits - Telecommute, flex jobs, Shuttles to different company sites, great vacation policy

Cons: It is a large company and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Work with really smart people in a supportive environment focused on our customer's success.

Cons: remote positions that aren't Sales are difficult to get
Advice: be more open to remote employees
Pros: Great compensation & benefits, great culture, internal opportunities, etc

Cons: None I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, relaxed work environment, great salary and bonus structure. Lots of opportunities for professional development and growth.

Cons: None I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, relaxed work environment, great salary and bonus structure. Lots of opportunities for professional development and growth.

Cons: Compared to any other organization there
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great values and great culture.   Great leadership that is vested in success of their people.

Cons: Paid much lower than other internships of the like
Advice: Pay more
Pros: Not much stress working for SAP, given interesting work

Cons: Matrixed organization means it can be challenging to find people willing to step outside their comfort zone
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, great management support

Cons: The  work/life balance policy is not uniformly applied across the various operating units.

Limited career paths.
Advice: None
Pros: Continuous development/learning opportunities.
Excellent compensation, bonus and benefits.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: You have us on the right track for success!
Pros: Great work/life balance, and SAP respects its employees needs.

Cons: subsidiary of a German company; everything was controlled from Walldorf its HQs
Advice: None
Pros: engineering oriented culture, space for personal development

Cons: Inconsistent mgmt philosophies - only as good as the manager
Reorgs - too many
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive compensation
Helpful colleagues
Innovation focused
Care about employee wellbeing

Cons: did not find any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work at. Lot of new opportunities.New to learn everyday.
balanced life.

Cons: - Compensation can be improved
Advice: None
Pros: - Challenging topics to work for
- Work life balance
- Good end user exposure

Cons: Less impact, less creative freedom, lots of politics
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work options, unlimited sick leave, catered healthy lunches, great benefits overall, stock options

Cons: Sometimes challenging customers may keep you stressed.
Advice: None
Pros: It is a great place to work. Great technical knowledge

Cons: If you don't like change....
Advice: Continued Focus on Trust, Engagement, Empathy, Innovation, Simplification, Accountability, Sustainability!
Pros: global, learning, opportunities, rewards, people

Cons: It's a big company. Sometimes difficult to navigate through the layers of people and process.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of facilities, perks, and workplace flexibility.

Cons: Can consider adding shuttle service for bay area employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture - encouraging, accepting and empathetic
Many career opportunities
Competitive compensation and benefits

Cons: - Leadership is overseas, hard to get a hold of
- Management would make promises they couldn't keep because everything needs to be approved by HQ in Germany
- Management gave me a counter-offer they couldn't honor
Advice: Don't make promises you can't keep
Pros: - Competitive Salary
- Remote flexibility
- Tuition Reimbursement

Cons: Red tape, 
Slow moving, 
Slow progression
Advice: Promote from within and stop parachuting Sr Leaders who add little value.
Pros: Good people, 
good mission, 
good company

Cons: Nothing really. At times work life balance can get strained
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, Vast domain expertise in ERP, Learning and growth options, benefits

Cons: I have no cons to share
Advice: None
Pros: Leader mentality. They want to be first. Great work atmosphere. Visionary leaders. Flexible schedules

Cons: Not much room to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great benefits. Encourage a work/life balance. Not micro-managed. Love the company and my team.

Cons: Not as many early talent people as expected
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, comfortable work/life balance, many internal opportunities, lots of internal networking opportunities

Cons: too many travel weekly Monday to Thursday .
Advice: Treat employee better for the work and life balance.
Pros: Flexible work content and customer facing.Good compensation

Cons: Can't think of a con. Been at SAP almost 10 years. Tenure speaks for itself.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great culture, flexible work

Cons: Complexity (as with any massive company)
Advice: Keep giving opportunities to eager/high performing employees.
Pros: Super smart  people
Great opportunities
Global dynamic 
Top-notch CEO

Cons: De-centralized, consensus culture goes too slow. German worker unions slow down innovation.
Advice: Get more innovation out of Germany
Pros: Great customers. Smart people. Good comp.

Cons: Learning is very minimum after a couple of years. Depends on the team
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great

Cons: lots of benefits depending on manager, diversity in management
Advice: more diversity in management needed
Pros: pro employee, open minded, different opportunities

Cons: Having to go home ;)
Advice: Keep up the awesome leadership
Pros: Diversity, awesome culture, new ideas and ways of doing things are encouraged

Cons: SAP increase in internal diversity at all levels would be suggested
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a power force in the industry with the highest innovations.

Cons: Company is getting very big.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: Great people and work culture. Balance between laid back and serious.

Cons: really large, older workforce, sometimes you don't know how what you do relates to the overall strategy
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits, great people

Cons: Emerging Cloud company. Lot of potential growth in the Cloud Area.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for. Developer Friendly.

Cons: there is a lot of overlap as employees tend to work in silos
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic, global company with strong leadership

Cons: At times very big and bureaucratic organization.
Advice: Pay attention to employees, do not micro-manage
Pros: New initiatives are encouraged, possibilities for career advancement.

Cons: Difficult to navigate through matrix organizations
Advice: Bring license and services sales teams together to deals
Pros: Good corporate strategy and vision

Cons: Depending where you commute from there is a lot of traffic in Silicon Valley
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, flexibility, and amazing people!

Cons: Great organizational complexity and alignment and execution challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: Great depth and breadth of products / capabilities in the portfolio.

Cons: sometimes working for a large company can also be a negative.
Advice: None
Pros: German company, nice colleagues, my manager is excellent, good benefits

Cons: Sometimes it is stressful when it comes with a deadline.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice PTO programs and benefits.

Cons: Complex sales structure makes it difficult to execute
Advice: Simplify sales coverage model
Pros: Strong solution offerings differentiated well vs the competition

Cons: I don't see anything downsizing of working in SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work.  Good work life balance.

Cons: Management was inconsistent and not professional.
Advice: Be more transparent
Pros: Psy and benefits were good

Cons: Limited innovation, complicated product, but overall it’s great!!
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, free food, oppotunity for design

Cons: Demanding and challenging work (not quite a con though)
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and Benefits are generous
Great work atmosphere
Thorough training

Cons: Location in Palo Alto
Pay is ok, not great.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. 3 weeks off + 5 personal days.

Cons: Tight dead lines for projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great medical, dental and vision. Good 401k match. Discounted share purchase plan. Decent vacation policy.

Cons: Company is growing, SAP ownership changes things
Advice: None
Pros: the culture and people were great, and the tasks were enjoyable. Work/life balance

Cons: The salart level does not always seem to line up to internal title
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and vacation package

Cons: Typical work week is 45 hours
Advice: None
Pros: Strong product knowledge is the key to continued success.

Cons: Not as much impact
Advice: None
Pros: Good Stock matching for some part of the year, 401k contributions, lunches, working from home

Cons: Too much travel if you be a consultant
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, not too bad pay

Cons: there is nothing to say about cons
Advice: Be little sensible with your HR policies.
Pros: Excellent work culture
Flexible working

Cons: Very huge company and sometimes it takes a while for management to make decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, diverse working environment.

Cons: bureaucracy
slow in the decision
employee focuses on very narrowed field
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balanced
Good welfare
people oriented

Cons: Poor management and quality of people vary hugely by location.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment with good culture.

Cons: sometimes unreasonable quotas, cumbersome legal dept
Advice: very good mamagement, sometimes aggressive with forcast
Pros: great people, great product, great structure

Cons: Work on Saturdays regardless of the work load
Advice: Keep up he good work
Pros: Great upper management and work mates

Cons: Bonuses have come down last few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Very Employee friendly, high in diversity and equal opportunity for women.

Cons: Not much time to invest in yourself to grow.
Advice: None
Pros: There is engaging work there.

Cons: Global distribution of teams requires early morning and late night calls
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, great flexibility to work from home

Cons: None, SAP Concur is amazing
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and wonderful work environment. Encourage professional growth and development.

Cons: No clear direction, poor management
Advice: hire better employee and review performance better
Pros: very good benefit, good life work balance

Cons: The salart level does not always seem to line up to internal title
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and vacation package

Cons: Pay is below industry standards,  Job quality
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance, Appreciation, Opportunity to travel abroad

Cons: The corporation is just a bit too German.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation, top notch facilities, innovative work.

Cons: Not in center city
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, fun, ffast-paced, diverse environment
Ability to create your own career paths

Cons: Low work life balance, high stress levels.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Great opportunities. warm atmosphere, Respect for individuals

Cons: No cons so far. Very positive company.
Advice: Keep it up.
Pros: Kind people, awesome culture, great benefits

Cons: Sometimes were just left alone and not told what to do
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, free food, Nice people

Cons: Big, trying to do too much
Advice: Stay the course
Pros: Great Brand, CEO and a relevant tech leader

Cons: The  culture does not foster a good work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment is great.  Everyone Collaborates.

Cons: A lot of ex-Microsoft employees are coming in and changing the culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, happy people who work there.

Cons: Pay is below industry standards,  Job quality
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance, Appreciation, Opportunity to travel abroad

Cons: Not so good Live/Work balance
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic Work Environment
Opportunity for Professional Development

Cons: Horrible culture  and values. Unhealthy working environment
Advice: Increase leadership trust
Pros: Good benefits, including salary and health plan

Cons: Internal Promotions are for less Salary than outside candidates (most times)
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture and positive managment

Cons: Move slow. Techniques are a little bit out of date.
Advice: None
Pros: All kinds of trainings and learning opportunities

Cons: Work schedule doesn't support work life balance in Prof Svcs function.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for!

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, multicultural environment, great work/life balance, large company

Cons: High pressure
Office politics
Frequent changes in organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great technology
Employee support
Flexibility for remote employees
