Cons: Frequent leadership changes which result in org changes; roles/responsibilities are not always clear
Advice: Consider employee feedback when making reorg/restructure decisions
Pros: Collaboration is encouraged; No bad ideas; Work life balance and self care promoted

Cons: SAP is not at all a good company for the new young talent or the people who have high ambitions, who wanted to learn &amp; grow. If you join SAP at early stage, you will not be able to enhance your career and limit your potential. I would suggest to join other companies who give you challenge in the beginning of your career and later join SAP once you want to settle down and just retire from SAP.
Advice: Provide the right salary and promote the right candidate based on work and not based on personal relationship.
Pros: SAP have great cultural values. SAP is a company from where you would like to retire, a very good work-life balance. Join SAP, relax work life. It is very good company for average skillsets people who do not want to work too much and enjoy the life.

Cons: - move towards more shared services means getting anything done is getting harder and harder
- legacy on prem mindset is deeply embedded with some which is making cloud shift more difficult 
- It’s nearly impossible to be fired here so there is deadweight in a lot of key roles
Advice: Get away from trying to shift all sales operations to offshore shared services. It may appear to look good on the bottom line but it’s hurting top line more than it’s helping bottom line
Pros: - Company takes very good care of its employees
- Co-workers are all tremendous
- Leadership is engaged and always willing to help; don’t get a feel of “I’m too important” like at other large companies…even NA president is highly approachable so this attitude comes from the top
- company is pivoting in right direction

Cons: SAP is big. It does take time for the great ideas to make it into the marketplace. With 100k employees, it can be difficult for your voice to be heard. However, team and regional leaders make SAP a great place to work.
Advice: Keep up the innovation and make sure to allocate good team resources to bring the ideas to fruition to the marketplace, as quickly as possible.
Pros: I am literally amazed, almost daily, at how experienced and thoughtful the SAP staff is to each other and our customers. There is a fast pace of new ideas at SAP. Leadership is forward thinking and dynamic.

Cons: upper management can get hooked on emerging technologies and try to push for new things that do not necessarily improve our workflows. Worst case scenario, they will completely change out our tools every few years.
Progression can also be slow compared to other companies. People tend to stay in their positions for quite a while, so vacancies will tend to be in other departments. Frankly I consider this to be a plus, but I understand some people dream of climbing the corporate ladder, so I placed it here.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is solid. I live in a relatively expensive neighborhood and I can still save. Bonuses can be huge. 
Work-life balance is solid. You're never penalized for not working overtime. You get sufficient breaks.

Cons: SAP is big. It does take time for the great ideas to make it into the marketplace. With 100k employees, it can be difficult for your voice to be heard. However, team and regional leaders make SAP a great place to work.
Advice: Keep up the innovation and make sure to allocate good team resources to bring the ideas to fruition to the marketplace, as quickly as possible.
Pros: I am literally amazed, almost daily, at how experienced and thoughtful the SAP staff is to each other and our customers. There is a fast pace of new ideas at SAP. Leadership is forward thinking and dynamic.

Cons: Not too much honestly that I can think of.
Advice: We have so many smart people with great ideas. Sometimes we move too fast and recreate the wheel when it comes to tools we use internally vs. assessing what we have, making it better, and simplifying.
Pros: SAP has no doubt the best company culture. Amazing leaders, employee benefits, career growth, employee experience, and winning mindset.

Cons: At least in product engineering, SAP’s culture seems to be trending towards expecting the work ethic of a start up with all the bureaucratic red tape of an international software company. This equates to long hours, never ending backlog, and a lot of pressure on engineering. Not saying it’s different at other large software companies, it’s just a cultural shift for SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers competitive benefits, from vacation to 401k. Also, as a large company, there are many opportunities for growth and specialization.

Cons: As with any large corporation, the constant change and org flux is tiresome. I miss the small, tech start-up vibe.
Advice: None
Pros: I have a flexible work schedule that allows me to work remotely and still be available for my family. The benefits are wonderful, the best I've had with any place I've worked in the past.

Cons: No longer supportive of employees with disabilities, career growth is nearly unattainable, turnover in product development and leadership clearly indicate the organization has lost the best qualities it's ever offered.
Advice: Allow your direct reports to work in a way that allows them to be the most successful and productive as possible.   In support, operations and engineering - align SLAs and stop expecting the world from the most loyal and committed employees there.
Pros: Remote/virtual workspace, flex time, salary and health benefits

Cons: lots of work can interfere with work life balance
Advice: Learn to say no when projects come up, sometimes as great as that project may be there is no bandwidth
Pros: SAP is a great company to work for. Mistakes are really treated as learning opportunities and you are rewarded for good performance.

Cons: The line between work and the rest of my life started was blurry at the best of times. 
Had issues with teams forming silos.
Advice: Communicate more with your teams, take steps to relieve team members if they are constantly being spread too thin.
Pros: Great people, great PTO and benefits, really enjoyed my time at this company.

Cons: Extreme centralization to Germany under Christian Klein

Destruction of acquired cloud solutions by incompetent Walldorf leadership 

Use of UI5 over modern and widely used UX languageS

Highly political and lots of favoritism 

Sub-par compensation 

Mainly token women in leadership only
Advice: None
Pros: The people who still keep up the good fight

Cons: None that I can think of thus far.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is such a wonderful company to work for. Everyone here truly cares about your career. I couldn't be happier with my manager and I feel very welcome.

Cons: Sometimes siloed, and a bit complex hierarchy to always fins the right person easily.
Advice: Keep listening. And keep making the decisions that support what you hear.
Pros: Room for advancement, cross-over roles. Culture supports the person, not the role. Do what they say. Committed to important global and social issues, not just selling more stuff at all costs.

Cons: The tolerance for ineffective leadership is beyond any place I’ve ever seen in my career.
Advice: Tone down the bureaucracy, and recognize that legal makes recommendations not decisions.
Pros: SAP isn’t a bad place to work. I enjoy it. They take care of employees.

Cons: Huge company can create pain points
Seems like everyday there is an email of new leadership of X team followed by the typical corporate speak
Advice: Pay SAP Concur employees more
Pros: Good work life balance
Opportunities for growth
Good benefits

Cons: Lot of changes in structure. Open communication to the employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work culture. Company takes care of its employees. Readiness to help and collaborate. Good work life balance.

Cons: Salary might not be big with experiences you have or you gained
Advice: Encourage existing employees to progress in their career
Pros: Good Benefits and HR running business so people is given more important

Cons: No bonuses unless negotiated, health insurance isn't particularly good, no 401K match
Advice: Improve benefits
Pros: Very easy staff to work with, flexible schedule, when not onsite can work remote most of the time, decent pay for positions.

Cons: Too many organizational shifts. Having atleast 1 new manager every year is the norm, and going back and forth on "new direction" is also very normal.

Too stuck in old ways of thinking for tech companies, hard to implement change without getting hammered with corporate red tape.

HR is the biggest problem (with the exception of the Diversity and Inclusion Pillar which is phenomenal. ). There's very low EQ for alot of the HR staff and many of them have long tenures so they are just coasting at this point. Even when doing internal transfers, HR can be terrible. Direct quote from HR during an internal transfer when negotiating level and salary cap "If money is all you care about, maybe SAP is not the company for you." Why would you say this to someone who already works for SAP? 

I also think there needs to be better company wide training and evaluation on how to deal with situations of harassment in the work place as HR consistently botches the handling of these type of situations. Again, the exception is the Diversity and Inclusion division of HR which is top notch at SAP.
Advice: Be transparent and authentic. You're dealing with educated people who know when things are not great and when things are, so don't try to sugar coat where we stand in comparison to our competitors.
Pros: Competitive Benefits
Ability to work remotely for many positions where teams are global
Fantastic travel opportunities (pre-pandemic)
Most people have wonderful personalities and are truly decent human beings

Cons: Wish to have at least 10-20% increase of wage for the time invested into the company and the work I put in.
Advice: Compensate the team for the amount of work and time we put in.
Pros: Love the work life balance and the surrounding people

Cons: Bureaucratic, indecisive leadership struggling to define its transition to cloud
Advice: None
Pros: Great Products and People Business Process Applications second to none

Cons: Because it is very fast-paced, there is a lot of work to be done always
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work, Fast-paced, and considerate of all the issue

Cons: Company struggles with transitioning out of their legacy systems and products, change can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Emphasizes the importance of growth in learning. Has a good culture of people that are willing to support you.

Cons: Huge company and difficult to navigate at first.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work with new challenges to ensure work doesn't get boring.

Cons: Long hours but pay makes it worth it
Advice: No specific advice it’s a good place to work
Pros: Good company lots of opportunities for growth

Cons: - Not all the teams work on latest tech
Advice: None
Pros: - Good growth opportunities 
- Competitive perks

Cons: At the end of my probation period. No cons so far
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment
Great colleagues and leadership
Opportunities to grow

Cons: * Like everywhere else, culture is largely dependent on which group you are in.
Advice: None
Pros: * Great Benefits. Some of the best in the Bay area.
* Large company so you can move internally for better opportunities

Cons: SAP struggles to keep up with new business models. But their DNA is stuck in time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and mostly good people to work with

Cons: aggressive sales tactics to drive quarter end revenue
Advice: Stop trying to extract revenue from customers via audits
Pros: customer base and product depth

Cons: Sometimes overly process driven. Currently in a massive transition
Advice: None
Pros: Strong company with long history

Cons: stock options are not good
Advice: one to one talk may need be more efficient
Pros: good company, excellent work balance

Cons: It takes time to move from one role to other
Advice: Identify talent early and promote them
Pros: Great Place to Work and good employee friendly policies

Cons: Compensation(few child companies) is less as compared to others.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance 
Good motivating people

Cons: I really do not have anything to add here.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Genuinely cares about employees and employee retention.

Cons: Very long hours for work
Advice: None
Pros: good team to work on

Cons: SAP struggles to keep up with new business models. But their DNA is stuck in time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and mostly good people to work with

Cons: It's a big company, so it's hard to directly make an impact you can see.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow your career. Competitive salary and benefits.

Cons: Lots of org changes but as expected from a big company
Pay is decent but below tech company average
Advice: None
Pros: Great office culture
Lots of perks 
So-so monetary benefits

Cons: Easy to advance in responsibilities, job title, and rank but the salary increase never comes with it.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, empowering projects. Flexibility to shift roles through company.

Cons: -Big company, always changing direction due to changing world
Advice: None
Pros: -Great company culture 
-Great benefits 
-Great growth opportunities

Cons: Too many internal re orgs
Advice: None
Pros: Sap is a great place to work. You will not be pushed to put tons of hours unless you want. Maintains a nice work life balance.

Cons: the company goal is not that clear
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance is pretty good

Cons: Salaries below other competitors in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture &amp; benefits, awesome offices

Cons: Tight deadlines
Peaks of work at end of the year
Poor hand over from previous employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary
Good benefits
Growth opportunity
Nice work environment

Cons: Have to know somebody who knows somebody to move up. 
Diversity in leadership isn't where it should be.
Compensation is well below market average.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance.
Good training.
Good people.
Great programs for career and personal. development.

Cons: Red tape can be a little too much
Advice: None
Pros: Wlb is very good and relatively new tech stack depending which business segment you’re in

Cons: Most employees are more senior compared to average age in the industry. Given it is one of the oldest.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a place to grow and to increase skill and knowledge to further your career in the industry.

Cons: Very low salaries, extremely high workload, dismal healthcare benefits, out of touch upper management, etc. 
Hard work is not rewarded. In fact, it is punished with more responsibilities without an increase in pay. 
Salaries in support are very low and they do not reward hard work. They will never raise salaries significantly, even if you change departments. Do not plan to stay for more than 2 years, it will not be worth it. Do not expect to make much more than you are offered when you first join. 
The management speaks all the time about how wonderful they are, meanwhile they implement policies that do not help the hardworking employees to be better at their jobs or excel in their careers.
Advice: Stand up for your employees and pay them more. Senior management's rhetoric and actions are two different things. They say they care about their employees, but will not give adequate raises or decent starting salaries to reward loyalty and hard work. They treat your employees in support very poorly. They don't stand up for them when customers (or consultants) are acting badly (such as when customers abuse support team members), and they don't pay us anything near what we are worth to the company. That needs to change, or the talent in the organization will continue to leave the company as it has been doing recently.
Pros: Good vacation time (for the United States), positive culture.

Cons: development and production environment setup (security, environment management) is overly complicated, and changes frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: great work/life balance, good team mates, down to earth managers

Cons: reorgs seem to occur all the time. 
May be laid off due to reorgs
large and complex company
too many processes
Advice: None
Pros: care about people
flexible work options
good pay and benefits

Cons: I dont have any that I can think
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Highly matrixed organizations make it difficult
Advice: None
Pros: High tech industry provides exciting career

Cons: i don't have any for the moment
Advice: None
Pros: lot of advantage, they paye the transport, food and ils flexible

Cons: Compensation is little less competitive with other software companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice culture. Caring HR and management.

Cons: Controlled more from Germany headquarters
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility at work, best product designing and career growths

Cons: Much is expected- prepare for that!
Advice: None
Pros: Much is expected and is rewarded

Cons: Leadership Management
Pay
Tech Stack
Turn over is happening
Advice: N/A
Pros: W/L Balance is very good

Cons: Org structure changes can lead to silos
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and role opportunities

Cons: Complex organization structure; challenge to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Strong reputation and benefits; frequent surveys from management on engagement and co. direction

Cons: Very high paced tempo for many roles. Not well suited for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture and opportunities for growth

Cons: Very Large organization - constantly changing
Advice: None
Pros: Total compensation very good - Flexibility for remote work

Cons: Processes can get bogged down
Advice: keep the people focus
Pros: The work environment, people and career opportunities

Cons: sometimes slow moving, process bound
Advice: None
Pros: smart people, good benefits and pay

Cons: lack of clear vision and growth plan
Advice: None
Pros: amazing work life balance 
great culture 
friendly coworkers

Cons: Constant organizational change and product delivery lagging product vision
Advice: None
Pros: Commitment to customer success, flexible work structure, very solid culture of collaboration

Cons: big company, not competitive pay
Advice: None
Pros: a company with opportunities and growth

Cons: Low salary for support department
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits/health insurance and PTO

Cons: A lot of change recently in management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Give you a ton of opportunities to make money.

Cons: Grow the Africa Business in the Digital Space
Advice: Invest in Africa
Pros: One of the Best Companies to Work for

Cons: Not early adopter company
Not the best solutions in the market
Advice: None
Pros: Well known company
Great solutions
Lot of solutions

Cons: None to mention, I had a great experience
Advice: None
Pros: Great management team and work environment

Cons: Complex organization structure; challenge to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Strong reputation and benefits; frequent surveys from management on engagement and co. direction

Cons: -salary (takes longer to get promotions)
-more difficult to grow/develop
-hierarchy
Advice: None
Pros: -flex work
-benefits
-hours
-work from home
-opportunity to relocate

Cons: No promotions or growth offered
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and company has good reputation.

Cons: Large, complex matrix organization to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great people, great customers

Cons: There are non that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great work place with awesome people

Cons: Not many cons, great people!
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, centered around employees, great perks

Cons: Low salary
Proprietary tech
Slow career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Work life bbalance
Good perks
Chill environment

Cons: Work life balance and salary reviews
Advice: None
Pros: Solution Architect and Senior Consultant

Cons: All what i can see is positive
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing to say at this point

Cons: too big to actually accomplish anything
Advice: None
Pros: Profitable, pays well, great benes

Cons: Income is not such appearing.
Advice: No
Pros: Everyone is friendly, guidelines are clear.

Cons: There’s really not any major cons I can think of. The only one would probably be that there needs to be more unified communication across all departments. Also, sometimes it’s hard to find answers to issues that are technical in nature if no one I typically communicate with has ever come across that same issue. It can feel like your left in the dark for a bit until you can finally find an answer after multiple avenues. This can impact your time and the clients time.
Advice: Keep up the great work. No place is perfect, but I appreciate leaderships efforts to continuously improve and take feedback.
Pros: This is one of the best companies I’ve ever worked for. At least in implementation, leadership trusts you to do your work. No micromanaging and are results driven. If you step up, contribute and do your job then you are recognized. Leadership does their best to give you opportunities to develop your skills and get on projects outside of your normal job duties.

Cons: Constant reorgs, old methodologies, groupthink - individuals are not expected to innovate; it's all or nothing when it comes to team decisions. Recent raise was insulting to long-timers who put the time in and work hard; no penalization to those resting and vesting. IT department is one of the worst I've ever had at a company; two ticketing systems so you never know who to initiate a ticket with - when you do, someone in that org will refer you to the other ticketing side anyway. No long-term growth or advancement opportunities.
Advice: Reorg after reorg with a PowerPoint strategy is becoming harmful. How can you expect employees to keep adapting to a new strategy when the new strategy that's proposed every 4-6 months hasn't even germinated? Our product is stuck in a time past; we've rested on our laurels too long and now the competition is passing us.
Pros: Incredible coworkers, decent benefits, and great stock program (Grow). Great bonus plan but that will change for next year.

Cons: No one ever seems to get fired, no matter how bad they do. This means low level managers who aren't fit to lead a dog on a walk desperately trying to get promoted who will do anything to impress their superiors.
SAP is so big, if you have a problem there is no chance you'll ever talk to a real person in person. Everything is through ticketing systems, and it's all asynchronous, so nothing ever really gets solved.
The good, competent people leave the company because of bad managers (this includes the good managers), which by and large leaves useless people leftover with a handful of good people pulling the weight of the whole project and not getting recognized for it (which leads to them eventually leaving).
Advice: The heavy investment in ticketing and tracking systems instead of listening to employees is costing you your good employees.
Pros: No one ever seems to get fired, no matter how bad they do.
The pay is excellent.
The location and benefits are good.

Cons: Not a lot of diversity at the director-level and up. Development is usually for tech skills, but not much for management or mentoring. Doesn't seem to be clear pathway to develop leadership for director, VP etc - especially for minorities. At director level, it's very monochromatic or part of the Indian clique. Multiple executives come and go with the wind from acquisitions. The only stable thing is the German upper leadership.
Advice: Develop more management track for diversity.
Pros: If u have the right technical skills, SAP will give u the space to learn and grow. It's not this frenetic pace in other places where u must program X lines of code or must deliver a program half-tested. There's the importance of needed slack to get the work done. Sometimes overtime, but not too bad.  Overall benefits are excellent.   May not be as progressive as Google or FB - but those places are crazy busy.

Cons: Work culture can be rigid in terms of responsibilities, which leads to a slow pace of innovation. Size of the company means competing initiatives and lots of internal politics. Too much middle management. The T-level system slows compensation progression after three years, meaning talent that stays longer becomes substantially underpaid.
Advice: SAP is not a competitive employer in compensation, causing many of its best and brightest to leave.  US compensation for a position may be higher than other areas of the world, but SAP's jobs do not exist in a bubble - if SAP wishes to attract and retain talent, it needs to pay employees more.
Pros: An engaged global employer that puts value on employees and giving them the tools to succeed. Great benefits package. Provides opportunities to celebrate success, even small achievements. Collaborative and engaged coworkers. Good office spaces and professional development opportunities. Exposure to coworkers from all walks of life as SAP puts emphasis on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: The gravity of the organization lies in Walldorf, where most of the engineering leadership resides. On the technology side, SAP has a unique, non-standard vocabulary (Cloud provider = Hyperscaler, Enterprise Data Warehouse = Business Warehouse, Meaures = Key Figures, etc.) The marketing of SAP tends to be 12-18 months ahead of reality.
Advice: SAP can sometimes get too focused on developing new solutions instead of maturing their existing solutions.
Pros: SAP takes care of it's people and is a highly matrixed organization that focuses more on getting work done and less on organizational reporting hierarchies. SAP is the worldwide leader of enterprise software focused on enabling key business processes. They are constantly innovating and have had good success with HANA, S/4 and their cloud integration and extension strategy. SAP's industry depth and expertise is unmatched. SAP Account Executives have executive level relationships at most of their accounts, which makes it easier to upsell other complimentary solutions into the same organization.

Cons: There are so many products/services/experts at SAP, a single customer meeting could have too many SAP representatives and you can be asked to attend by phone to reduce the balance between SAP and customer attendees. It is nice to have resources but you can end up competing with your own company. As a result, your peers are not always helpful.

As with most roles, management matters. It can be dreadful.
Advice: Try to pare down the resources at a single meeting.  Be more strategic. 

Improve oversight of management.  There were appalling practices...they were reported, no one cared. 

Sales need private areas to hold conversations.  On the phone all the time!  Most people would get up and go outside...just to be able to hear their customer.  Not productive.
Pros: The products are compelling. The people you work with are generally smart and professional. The customers are open to conversations with you. 

Campus was very nice, though crowded.

Cons: Very centralized in Germany, it can give the feeling for other locations to be outsiders or even not being considered as a location the company is investing in.

Depending on your location and your team, better being prepared to have calls really very early or very late most likely on a daily basis, even as an individual contributor.
Advice: Decentralize from Germany and empower other locations with entire projects and products ownership and accountability.
Pros: Great projects, wonderful people, lots of constructive interactions, very respectful and safe environment to work.

What makes SAP a great place to work is definitely the people working there.

The products, topics, and technologies you can work on at SAP are very large.

There are lots of opportunities to explore new roles as well as new fields within the company and to feel supported in your career evolution/switch.

Lots of opportunities to learn, explore and being creative.

Cons: - pay is on the low side for Bay Area- lots of other companies in the area pay higher salaries
- however, some bosses are very flexible about letting you work remotely from a place with a lower cost of living and has the same time zone Eg Sacramento.
- not easy to internally transfer jobs
Advice: Move jobs such as this one to lower cost of living locations. The Bay Area and especially Palo Alto is a real struggle to live in on this salary.
Pros: - flexible work from home policy- you can work from home a couple days a week
- flexibility to also work from home during rush hour and come into the office after peak traffic
- flexibility to leave work early to pick up your kids and finish the last few hours of work from home
- free lunch at their cafeteria

Cons: It is a very structured organization that has many layers compliance. I do find myself in meetings or in trainings thinking "why is this relevant to me" or "this has always worked just fine". I now realized this is a small price to pay for the long vision.
Advice: None
Pros: Progressive minded company with strong fundamentals. I work for a company that was acquired by SAP. There was quite a bit of resistance to the SAP culture over the past few years. Now that the changes are taking shape it is easy to realize that SAP has a more sustainable structure and plan for the future. My company had more of a wild west mentality that smoothed over some problems with agility and talent in a few departments. Now that markets have matured it is obvious that those less talented departments needed to be revamped. I have confidence in SAP to manage that task going forward.

Cons: - Pay below market average
- It doesn't have a fair compensation package when looking for people on the same role, level, and performing just like peers (or better) getting underpaid by 40%. No matter your arguments, facts, and proof, it's easier to leave the company and rejoin at a later point to have your salary increased.
Advice: Results are important just like leadership trust. Don't promise what you can't do and be fair $$ with your team as competitors are hungry for SAP/IT specialists. If you don't take care of your house &amp; team, others can do.
Pros: Stability
You make your own career, if you're unhappy, just look for career advice and move internally
COVID-19 supportive
Some positions working from home which I really appreciate
Long Term Career if you're open to staying in the same position for years

Cons: Some upper management turmoil in the 1+ years that I've been year but it might be due to the pandemic and things like that. I seriously can't think of any negatives so far.
Advice: Keep up the good work, maybe make career path more readily available for existing employees.
Pros: Amazing work life balance, adapted well to the pandemic and work from home policies. My boss (consulting manager) is extremely personable and cares more about my well being than his sometimes lol. Was stuck with Covid (sick days) and Houston power outage for 5 days (crisis leave) and no questions asked. Had the opportunity to travel to the Chicago and NSQ offices before the pandemic, amazing locations. They provide you with the latest tech in terms of laptop, phone, etc. I can see myself working here forever.

Cons: It's a huge company, and your experience is likely going vary widely based on the team. Also, it's an enterprise software company. SAP's software is used by an insane number of businesses, including major names, but it never really feels that way because enterprise software is inherently behind-the-scenes. Few people will find what you're working on to be interesting.
Advice: None
Pros: + Great free lunch at the Palo Alto office with daily specials; it hasn't gotten old for me even after several years. 
+ Great work-life balance which I imagine partially comes from the company being German and not American. 
+ Competitive pay for technical roles.
+ All my managers have been very understanding.
+ Doesn't have the weird cult mentality that inhabits a lot of Silicon Valley tech companies.
+ My projects have been varied and relatively interesting.

Cons: Overall leadership is a bit indecisive when it comes to the future remote work policy - don't get me wrong, I'm one of those people that absolutely loves the office and wants to go back, however I can feel a bit of anxiety in my peers which are on the other end of the spectrum and wish to work remotely.
Advice: None
Pros: Outside of the obvious pros such as the salary and benefits, I would like to point out the culture, namely that of no idea is too small. I've never before worked for a company where you're not only sharing ideas for improvement for the sake of them existing solely on a powerpoint somewhere, but actually get acted upon.

Cons: -no incoming leads 
-400 calls /500 emails 3 meetings and 2 net new opportunities every week (Unrealistic).
- You get assigned a fixed number of accounts, which a large majority have requested not be contacted.
-Micro Managing by the director constantly with E-Mails. 
- Extremely stressful and a large percentage of the DDE team is on a 90 day plan because they can't hit numbers. 

-Massive turnover with Account Executives that you support.

-No work life balance. Job requires 50-70 hours a week min.. 

- No upward movement.. You won't last two years for the job to look good on your resume.
Advice: Unrealistic expectations DDE's have more accounts than others, so there targets should be according to the number of accounts.

To many calls and emails. 

Stop micro-managing.

Promote from within.
Pros: Good benefits,401k match and base salary.

Cons: It is a typical large company where every few years the company/sub-division/departments gets reorganized and employees either gets shifted around or laid off. Hard working and valuable employees are treated as dispensable. HR does not listen nor care about you. The review process is a joke. There were too many meetings being held and not enough time to actually perform work. 80% of the time were meetings to discuss what to work on and only 20% of the time was available to do work.
Advice: None
Pros: I supported two managers and two teams and loved working for them. The benefits were great, including the extra benefits that are typical from large software/tech companies.

Cons: Career development could be better organized and structured to help people advance their careers. Mostly left up to the individual to figure it out. Sometimes feels too big and siloed across departments but i think they're working on fixing that.
Advice: Put more structure and rigor around the succession planning. Right now the succession plan is just a piece of paper with no action or development around it. So when someone moves on and there's an opening, rather than activate the succession plan, it becomes a total free-for-all of individuals competing internally for the coveted opening. Good, talented employees will get frustrated and leave.
Pros: Amazingly talented people with great culture and focus on customer success. great leadership team, great benefits and pay.

Cons: There is so much tech debt and random engineering sprawl that the room to solve for real customer needs or business strategy is next to nothing. SAP empire has fully squashed the old Concur republic. Turn over is exceedingly high. SAP only optimizes for SAP and its uber sized customers. Concur's customer set (mostly not on SAP) are left out to dry. Heavy focus by most management at Concur at surviving until the next bonus/stock round vests - its musical chairs. If you want to really just get tossed around in a washing machine and really not do all that much, this is the place for you.
Advice: There is no hope
Pros: Job is easy. The bar is very low. Most of the roadmap is dominated by what SAP deems important or engineering tech debt. You can't actually do the job of a PM here in this environment.

Cons: too much bureaucracy and red tape to get anything done
The company is so large and operates in silos often. Two different groups or orgs might be attacking the same problem with no awareness of each other until it is too late
They are bad with early talent - there is no good process for advancement in your career if you are in the early stages and they don't pay early employees competitive salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start in the enterprise tech world. They are intelligently invested in the up and coming tech to make their tech work better. You can learn a lot about new technologies and it's the kind of place that really suits curious people

Cons: I had two managers who would regularly corner me in unscheduled meetings and verbally berate me for long stretches of time. They also gaslighted me by lying about the content of these conversations to my face in subsequent encounters. They ignored filling important positions and instead opted to use the headcount to secure jobs for their personal friends. They consistently put pressure on me to quit, despite me doing everything asked of me. When I brought it to the attention of HR, they said plainly that they would always side with management. It was by far the most toxic work environment I've ever been a part of, and you should not work here.
Advice: Fire abusive people. Get a better reporting structure that stops protecting management.
Pros: They let me work from home sometimes.

Cons: Some internal processes can be cumbersome, although there has been steady improvement and this comes with the territory in large/global organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Broad and genuine commitment to company purpose (make the world run better and improve people's lives) and promise (continually innovate on behalf of our customers). Employee talent, expertise and engagement levels are all above any organization I've worked with in my 19 years in tech/software.

Cons: Bureaucratic. - more 'chiefs than indians'. At times can be more process intensive rather than goal focused.
Advice: Give each of line of business the right personnel, the right amount of freedom to grow within their unique line of business.  Always be developing and innovating - current pace is too slow. Get to work on weeding out the bad apples - they wreak havoc on their peers and the SAP brand.
Pros: Great people. Collaborative. High Earning Potential. Environment of Healthy Competition. For self starters - lots of opportunity to learn &amp; grow. Outstanding trips for overachievement in sales.

Cons: If you don’t have the above, And it’s not the pandemic where you can skirt working, you might not be able to scam your way to success here.  Worse, you might not be able to get away with working multiple jobs at multiple companies  or your side gigs at the same time!
Advice: Seriously, do some background checks, look at LinkedIn profiles and hold people accountable.
Pros: No LinkedIn profile, add no value, pipe fake opps, low to management and your team, good chance to get promoted to a coveted LE role.

Cons: Depends heavily on which team you are on, some teams you do meaningful work that follow industry standard while some other teams are not. I'm interested in software development but a lot of tech stacks are proprietary(understandable since it's a corporation). Not a lot of jobs related to SE in the Eastern US.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, professional co-workers, great benefits such as lunch stipend, in-company gym. As an intern I felt like I am treated like a real employee instead of an intern. A good place to intern at if you found a team that knows what they are doing.

Cons: It is a large company and easy to get lost. Good ideas will not necessarily be adopted - there are tens if not hundreds of products/sub-products and not all of them are favored. 
I did not notice it while working there but now realize management really did not know what they were doing and flailed trying to find the right market.
Advice: None
Pros: It can be difficult but not impossible to get noticed and make an impact. Immediate management was very supportive. If you are lucky if you work on product/team that is the current interested in the company

Cons: The direct pay compensation is good, but could be better compared to opportunities at consulting / partner companies.
While SAP does try to support work / life balance, it is very easy to get swept up in work that takes away from this balance.
Advice: All things considered, we are on a good path. We have opportunities to reduce the bureaucracy with our innovation investments and going to market sooner with innovations.
Pros: Great People
Great benefits
Global Perspective
Many information and training platforms
Many opportunities to contribute
The company does try to support work / life balance and is very supportive in family emergencies or life events

Cons: - The South Market Unit. I would avoid working in this MU as a sales rep if possible unless you are close friends with the leadership team. They move accounts around every January regardless of pipeline and gift deals that are set to close to the people they like. Very hard to grow a patch or relationships in your accounts unless you are in the inner circle.
Advice: - look deeper into how south runs their business
Pros: - Pay 
- lots of different product offerings 
- ability to move internally

Cons: not a lot of light on North American leadership in recent years and company culture has suffered in the States. 

this is not true for all but there is a lack of support for some products internally and probably due to the complexity that we've created in our landscape.
Advice: Lacking leadership in North America. Covid has not provided any transparency and culture is suffering, people are leaving.
Pros: opportunity to work with amazing and talented people 

work with a variety of customers in every industry - keeps things fun and interesting

Cons: It is a massive organization with allot of history. That’s both good &amp; bad. The good part of it is that there are allot of opportunities to move around in the organization, if you are not happy in your current role. The negative part of this is that, it took me 4 years to begin to understand how the organization is structured &amp; how to navigate in it.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Balance, pay &amp; benefits are amazing. My manager &amp; teammates are also amazing. Overall it's a great company to work for.

Cons: Since it is fast paced, with frequent change in business processes and organization it is not for people resistant to change or looking for a stagnant job and organization.
Advice: Keep focusing on your attention to the environment and your social consciousness.  It will serve you well.
Pros: SAP is a fast paced organization that rewards its employees for a job well done. SAP is a strong environmentally consciences organization. It changes quickly based on market conditions which is either exciting or depressing depending on your point of view.

Cons: Your territory can make or break you. Some directors have been in their spot for too long, need to have healthy promotion pipeline to give reps ability to move up into leadership.
Advice: Work on territories to ensure they're as fair as possible and promote or remove middle management so your best reps don't leave for other companies.
Pros: SAP Concur has a market leading product that is very easy to compete against competitors. Leaders are strong in certain segments of the business and they give you the tools to succeed.

Cons: The amount of change is unacceptable.  It's hard to keep track of all the changes and what you are supposed to be following sometimes.  In addition, the company focuses on cloud, yet the goals seem unrealistic and there are so many acquired companies and employees which seem to get left behind in the roadmap.
Advice: Simplify and try to bring everyone together as much as possible so we can move forward as one team instead of fragments.
Pros: Good salary, benefits and coworkers.

Cons: Sometimes work-life balance is a challenge. Not everyone in management should be in management. Very large corporate company.
Advice: Keep the focus on your people - they make or break the company.   Continue to focus on work-life balance
Pros: The culture and the people really make this company great. Most of the leadership really care about their employees. A lot of discussions about worklife balance and wellbeing. Huge opportunity to move into many different roles across the company.

Cons: Reorganization underway which has been stressful for multiple teams. At times limited by internal complexity.
Advice: Keep the focus on your people so they can keep their focus on customers.
Pros: SAP is the kind of place where you are willing to do a tough job because of the people you work with. Outstanding group of people, positive culture, with wonderful opportunities to grow and perform. With extremely few exceptions, every single employee is willing to go above and beyond to help one another and customers.

Cons: SAP still has a gap between its effort to provide a better working place to employees and what it is in reality. Company will get there at some point. The effort to move to new technologies is adding to pressure on employees. So - people are working harder. But - the effort will be worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is trying hard to give its employees a better working place. It is also pushing LOBs to adopt newer technologies.

Cons: Some incredibly long hours. management increasingly located in Germany (headquarters) which for people on the west coast can mean 6 am daily calls.
Advice: hire some truly diverse people to run your D&I office (2 white people from Germany is truly embarrassing), and start really, honestly, looking at promoting more women to senior management.
Pros: There are lots of great people at SAP, which, if you get the right team and manager, inspire and energize your day to day.

Cons: Reorganization underway which has been stressful for multiple teams. At times limited by internal complexity.
Advice: Keep the focus on your people so they can keep their focus on customers.
Pros: SAP is the kind of place where you are willing to do a tough job because of the people you work with. Outstanding group of people, positive culture, with wonderful opportunities to grow and perform. With extremely few exceptions, every single employee is willing to go above and beyond to help one another and customers.

Cons: Lots of leadership churn and constant reorganization.  The executive board structure is very odd and causes lots of conflict, confusion, and inefficiency.  Slow moving.
Advice: The amount of change is ridiculous.  Full board turnover.  3 CEOs in the last year.  Execution of integrating acquired assets is awful.
Pros: Great company that is well positioned in the market.  Good people everywhere.  Great benefits.

Cons: sometimes, there are some gap between different branches of line of products making things go in a slower pace than it could be - but it is getting better.
Advice: Keep on working on creating bridges between various SAP line of products and promote a "Collaborate first" mentality across the board (Really mean it)
Pros: Work life balance, Perks, compensation, co-workers, fun environment.. all into one.
THIS, if you really put your time and effort (as you should, since you're supposed to work).

Cons: Big company politics sometimes mess with priorities in unexpected ways. A good manager is able to shield their team from a lot of this and setup reasonable expectations for what their team can accomplish.
Advice: None
Pros: I'm on a great team, with a great manager. We have reasonable timelines for projects and we are heard if issues arise that push out deadlines. Overall its a great place to work, I have a great work/life balance and I feel compensated fairly.

Cons: External IT support was challenging, however, I received a survey 1 week after IT set up to share feedback.
Advice: Keep up the great work! Keep hiring more talented women into rep and leadership roles.
Pros: The resources and the number of software capabilities at SAP are amazing. 
440,000 customers! 
Culture is awesome.
Leadership is kind, approachable.
People are smart, kind, fun, cool, down to earth.
Compensation is competitive
SAP Newport Beach Office is gorgeous
Teams are supportive
Benefits are great

Cons: constant re-orgs (new boss every year is quite common), change happens slowly in some cases, and other times seems we are jumping from thing to thing to thing
Advice: i get the need for constant re-orgs but it's really disruptive (not the good kind of disruptive).  Maybe someday you'll nail down the right structure so that things can stay stable for a few years?
Pros: flexibility, work life balance, diversity, generous pay and benefits. I really enjoy working here

Cons: If the industry vertical to which you are assigned hasn't embraced digital transformation you will likely struggle to hit quota.  If it has embraced digital transformation you will likely exceed quota even if you don't fully do your job.
Advice: Find a way to make the territory assignments more equitable either by distributing accounts more fairly or aligning quotas in a more realistic manner.
Pros: Great solutions with great supporting infrastructure for the sales teams.

Cons: Did not work out well with manager. If you disagree with said manager they had it out for you and see to it that you did not continue to work for the company. Manager was caught in several lies but since GA is a right to work state HR allow the manager to fire employee.
Advice: When employee has a complaint against a manager hear them out and not just take the managers word.
Pros: Great company and work life balance.

Cons: Not great at recognizing entrepreneurial or innovative talent; Most roles are highly specialized, so individual accountability, creativity, and initiative is not a strong part of the team culture
Advice: Consider how other tech giants are creating culture that is fast moving and dynamic. Otherwise, move over IBM, but another ex-giant is coming though...
Pros: Work-life balance; Nice offices; shows concern for employees; many convenient perks or tools available to employees

Cons: When reorganizing, if you are not a German, you’ll have to figure it out; big lack of pro-active re/in-placement approach
Advice: Don’t be only loyal to Germans that are &gt; 25 years in the company: Plan your talent above director level instead instead of losing them; if you really want change, protect the new entries from the old rebels that don’t want to change; you stepped back since Bill McDermott left
Pros: Healthcare package, European feel, remote work support

Cons: There is nothing... There is a reason why they are at the top of the list yearly for AWESOME places to work.
Advice: None
Pros: I have never felt more appreciated and thankful to work at a large sized corporate company than I have at SAP. They go above and beyond to make sure you are taken care of and to let you know. I am so proud to work for them and enjoy the work I do.

Cons: Old company, huge company, some red/yellow tape to navigate. Not a start-up style experience and easy to get lost in. As a designer, its design language/style library is a bit too rigid.
Advice: You have untapped potential inside many of your employees and you're not great at letting them unleash it.
Pros: Flexible, stable, kind to its employees in both a professional and personal way, good place to try your hand at a lot of different kinds of stuff.

Cons: As with any large organization, there are several steps to go through to get some things done.
Advice: Continue to keep your eye on new innovation,  and continue to prioritize the health, wellbeing, and satisfaction of your employees.
Pros: SAP has a great brand, an inclusive culture, and people who are smart, engaged, collaborative, and friendly. I interact with many people within SAP for my job and I'm always impressed with the caliber of my colleagues.

Cons: Very limited growth in data or analytics. Lots of leadership changes and a little unstable at times. Its very challenging to implement a change as people are used to do the same thing over and over again. THey look for work to complete but not evolve as needed
Advice: Get stable on the approach and dont be afraid of change
Pros: Recognize mental health and diversity. People are kind in general and work life balance is decent.

Cons: Too big! Organization is made up of lots of moving parts and constantly changing; it is hard to stay abreast of it all. Lots of bureaucracy and unrefined internal processes. Salaries could be more competitive.
Advice: Keep it up.
Pros: Great people at all levels of the organization, managers that care about their people, strong organizational values, work-life balance and flexibility, entrepreneurial opportunities, bright individuals, solid employee benefits. Striving for a diverse and inclusive workplace.

Cons: Their internal HR software is terrible. Need to look up how much you make or make changes to your W-2? Good freaking luck. To be fair, I use a mac and it doesn't play well at all with their tools. I bet if I used a windows machine it would be a ton easier.
Advice: None
Pros: The company takes care of its employees. Well structured ways to advance inside the company and plenty of opportunities.

Cons: Tenured old guard leaves no growth opportunities. Box checking valued too much.
Advice: No room for growth for tenured Customer Success managers.  Box checking &amp; commitment to data will not maintain the base and will not progress the business.  Creativity and development for high performing individuals should be more valued than data integrity.
Pros: Great compensation and benefits. Company culture is a culture of integrity, community and creativity

Cons: There is some push for a complete return to the office next year and a hybrid model could probably easily be adopted instead.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, great benefits, decent W/L balance

Starting at SAP was better than any other company that I've worked for and included multiple onboarding sessions to make sure that we had everything together coming into the company and a paid bootcamp to sharpen our skills before working with customers.

Cons: No meaningful advancement opportunities 
DEI is mere lip service
Advice: Stop prioritizing cost cutting over employee satisfaction. Your employees don’t feel like you care about them, and that’s why we’re leaving in droves. The future of SAP depends on treating your employees well, and not just lining executive’s pockets with cost cutting measures branded as “transformation.”
Pros: Great place to end up if you don’t have career aspirations

Cons: Pay is low compared to other bigger companies
No work-life balance
No career growth
Lots of promises from management that they will take care of their employees during the pandemic but when you are in need of help, no one (management, HR) responds
Advice: Please take care of your employees -- they are working harder for you than you know.
Pros: Good environment 
- nice people to work with in general
-nice office location

Cons: One bad leader is enough to kill the whole organization.
Advice: After a big laid off in US in 2019, many of the expert level employee  go work for your competitors which caused the failure of the SAP cloud and Big Data.   The whole Sybase org was removed which left the Hana half-dead. Do you learn?
Pros: A lot of smart employee, and some good leaders as well

Cons: None. SAP takes great care of their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership with empathy towards employees, ability and opportunities in career progression, employee recognition programs, D&amp;I initiative to drive more women in leadership positions, benefits (paid vacation, stock options, 401K, health benefits, paid maternity/paternity time off, etc.), flexibility in work hours, COVID-19 resources (mental and physical health programs and work-life balance time off)

Cons: There are no cons working for the SAP California-based corp dev team
Advice: None
Pros: The SAP corp dev team members in Palo Alto, CA are brilliant and extremely talented. The work is fascinating and the learning opportunities are vast. Management is actively invested in their employee’s growth. SAP hires a truly diverse workforce that exceeds expectations; the people are exceptional. 

SAP truly takes care of their employees.

Cons: Insular culture without much networking or college/university outreach within the company. If you're early in your career it's a great place to learn, but look out for your career and think about other companies that can challenge you to grow in new ways.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, fairly laid back company culture, competitive pay, and a lot of investment into learning and upskilling.

Cons: Too bureaucratic, top heavy, misguided acquisitions that become dead end solutions technologically and end up being white elephants that are quietly buried afterwards
Advice: More equity participation to employees instead of board members would generate a lot more loyalty in the rank and file
Pros: Collaborative working atmosphere, great work-life balance, lifelong learning opportunity, great benefits, multiple options of growth in the leading enterprise software company of the world

Cons: Pay is less as compared to what you expect. However, this is compensated with other SAP benefits. Promotions are a bit slower and also depend on the team you are into.
Advice: Pay needs to be matched with the market to retain employees. Otherwise, everything else is good.
Pros: Exceptional team collaboration, mentors, and senior folks are super friendly. Direct managers are understanding and supportive. Undoubtedly, best work culture.

Cons: Sometimes the decisions of executive management make you scratch your head, especially when you show them the data and they move down a different path than the one you recommended.
Advice: Data speaks louder than anything else.
Pros: Great work environment in terms of people, no pressure to return to the office, good pay and benefits, and the workload, while sometimes heavy, is generally manageable.

Cons: Very political landscape that makes it extraordinarily difficult to accomplish even the simplest of goals; significant issue with a lack of women (or any real diversity) in leadership; significant Board turnover lately; very German mindset at the helm that doesn't always understand the broader global landscape; current leadership has very little Cloud experience
Advice: None
Pros: Super stable, fairly well known brand, great benefits, solid reputation

Cons: .... but it mostly benefit people who are white/ Caucasian, because over 95% of employees under SAP Global Marketing in the North America is WHITE!!
Advice: 
Pros: Good benefits, flexible work, WFH, it is all great is you are white, because 95% of SAP Global Marketing is white.  If you are white, it good, else you are lonely

Cons: Poor integration of acquired companies, confusing organization
Advice: Do a better job of showing how people's contributions align with and affect corporate strategy.
Pros: I've never worked at a company that actually cares about it's employees as much as SAP does. Management really does care and that goes a long way. Also, generous time off and good compensation.

Cons: Depending on where you live the commute is kind kind of bad. Could be light now due to covid but when covid is over... pack your patience. Might not always get comission
Advice: Management should push for job security no matter what.
Pros: Nice salary!
Free food.
Fun team environment!
Great leadership with management!
Decent Salary!
Benefits health and dental and vision. 
401 k matching

Cons: Depending upon local team &amp; involvement of other locations: silo mentality, poor cooperation, poor inclusion &amp; diversity, toxic workplace, excellent people leaving, mediocre people staying.
Advice: Focus on substance, not appearance. Stop infighting.
Pros: Depending upon local team &amp; involvement of other locations: excellent engineers, great inclusion &amp; diversity, cutting edge technologies. Decent benefits.

Cons: Since the company is German, sometimes it feels like employees in the US have a lesser say, although they are actively improving this.
Advice: None
Pros: The company puts an emphasis on personal development, learning and mental health. They encourage taking time off. The work is meaningful and done to a high standard always focusing on the outcomes.

Cons: -Can be cumbersome/bureaucratic
-Even before Covid there was a weak office culture, it's mainly a WFH company, which can leave the office feeling a bit boring
Advice: Bring offices into the city -- too many of them are in the suburbs and only really an option for the employees interested in a suburban lifestyle
Pros: -Friendly people
-Competitive pay
-Great work-life balance
-Company genuinely cares

Cons: SAP is a large company which takes effort &amp; time to navigate at times.
Advice: Continue our to drive our customer first strategy, and everything else follow.  It is our greatest strength.
Pros: Truly cares about each employee. It is demonstrated every day from overall benefits, to management and the way SAP has cared for customers &amp; employees during the COVID crisis.

Cons: Terrible Culture. Leaders have never sold product, the turnover is outstandingly HIGH. If you are from Arizona or concidering MIDMARKET? DO NOT! They demote leadership to Sales Reps regularly. Their annual surveys of best place to work are all lies.
Advice: Stop the politics and Get P from Canada outta there.
Pros: Can't think of any since the departure of Bill M and Jen M.

Cons: Good company but many non- sales managers are confused about what they're doing. This results in a lot of busy work.
Advice: Make a plan and stick to it and make sure everyone, top to bottom, knows what is happening
Pros: Truly a global company that allows experience in multiple cultures for those interested. There are many opportunities to move around inside the company.

Cons: No room for advancement if you are located in a high cost country.
Salary uncompetitive and not given fairly for people doing equal work. 
High stress and lots of hours. 

Vaccine status now required. Job threatened if you don’t provide your medical information. Very clear that information will not be kept confidential.
Advice: Actually care about individual people.
Pros: Good benefits
Flexible hours and location

Cons: Seems to be losing momentum and focus on customers with recent acquisitions
Advice: My humble observations while being embedded in various projects is that there is a customer perception that new product acquisitions and new products lack value, integration, migration tools, and overall product roadmap vision.
Pros: Has been a long-term industry leader with great employee benefits

Cons: I was placed in a team where none of my strengths were considered and when I tried asking for more work that'd I'd like it felt like I was talking to brick wall that kept saying I believe in you and I have a set path for you.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits, people are always willing to help.

Cons: Not easy to get data from other teams due to the security issue and team structure, sometimes it can take months to get data before we ca start do anything.
Advice: None
Pros: The working hours are fairly flexible and the work load is controllable most of the time. Never need to work overtime unless there’s release ddl.

Cons: 1. Compensation may be lower than many of the other big tech companies.
2. Legacy tech stacks.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Culture at SAP is amazing. People who stay here are the ones that enjoy the culture and the people.
2. Growth. There's a lot of opportunities to grow through fellowships on other teams or through support from managers.

Cons: Big orgs can be hard to navigate and to build a network. The HQ is in Germany so if you want to be in the center of the action, proximity matters.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a good company solving meaningful problems for the biggest brands in the world. The colleagues who work there are friendly and are helpful.

Cons: Still not clear strategy in the Cloud
Many acquisitions (people and technology) still not fully integrated into business
Haven't solved issues still in place from 5+ years ago
Changing leadership and using old guard to run new parts of the business isn't working
Too much focus on sales, not delivering customer outcomes
Advice: None
Pros: Good people
Good Cloud products (best in class, but not integrated)

Cons: Certain components and technologies are very old. Certain teams have very less fresh development work. Needs innovation.
Advice: Focus on innovation - generate new ideas - evolve to better, newer tools/technologies faster.
Pros: Huge company, decent-good pay (just about competitive market rates or slightly above), and seems reasonably stable in terms of job security, growth, and financials.

Cons: There are some old webpages for information on the site that aren't maintained and the experts who made the pages have left the company so some information is hard to find, but generally most information is easy to find.
Advice: None
Pros: Great knowledge base and many specialization groups to join to learn more, constant training.

Cons: Too many old processes and people that haven't moved with the times and the Enterprise market.
Advice: Like any large organization, try to break the silos and bring forward talent that exists - You just have to look harder and past the organizational hierarchies.
Pros: Ethical
Vision and Strategy
Truly a Global company with good work happening all over the world

Cons: Developing your personal and professional brand and network are very important, so if you don't take the initiative to network, it could be difficult to navigate the SAP landscape.
Advice: None
Pros: There are many wonderful reasons to consider SAP as an organization of choice but the people are the absolute best part of working for SAP.

Cons: Inconsistent demand generation reps and strategy. The current band aid is to have sales also be responsible for good portion of demand generation- we’re busy enough as is.
Advice: None
Pros: Base salary is decent for industry and you have the opportunity to make great money. That being said, your assigned territory will make or break your success

Cons: * Heavy handed/overbearing management
* Large workload and somehow still understaffed despite company size.
Advice: Work better with techs to identify problem points in team productivity instead of the current "burnout" strategy.
Pros: * Large company with many benefits
* Big name that is widely recognized
* Competitive pay
* Many systems in place to improve employee experience

Cons: I am not thinking of any Cons. I could be biased staying with SAP since 2014, but I have worked in between for other employers for a short while.
Advice: None
Pros: No limit on opportunities and growth.
Working with colleagues across the globe and cultures.
The company has a proven history of innovation by keeping up with changing technologies.

Cons: Like most companies, a few bad apples slip in through the cracks. Constant organization restructuring and turnover seems high from an internal perspective.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues and managers want to see you succeed. You’ll never feel alone in your work. Time off and sick days are plentiful, and furthering your career is truly driven by self determination.

Cons: With a company so large it can be really difficult to enact meaningful change. The global nature of the company means that late night or early morning meetings are basically inevitable.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people, good benefits, good work life balance, lots of flexibility, pledge to maintain flexibly work even after the pandemic is over

Cons: The company does not offer traditional equity but instead provides restricted stock units with mandatory vesting dates. Equity therefore can only build on an annual cycle before having to be converted to cash.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP tends to grow talent from within. Your career trajectory is highly dependent upon your ability to network and build executive sponsorship.

Cons: Typical big corporation and finding what you need efficiently.
Advice: None
Pros: Honestly, just a great company! You can promote as much as you want or stay status quo. Me personally, I like to grow, learn and promote and I definitely feel I have the opportunity. And very good benefits!

Cons: - Not competitive salary at Senior level
- Lots of turnover of talent lately
- Lots of time spent of migrating moving services to new envs (instead of coding, lots of looking at config and template files)
Advice: Make more competitive ways to keep engineering talent around.
Pros: - Great work life balance
- Interesting challenges
- Good colleagues

Cons: Big company with some inefficient processes
Advice: It is a great company to work for. It would be great if the internal opportunities are published better. Bringing referrals in could be made easier by improving the systems/processes
Pros: Respectful culture, great colleagues, who's who of enterprise customers

Cons: As with most large companies, a lot of "red tape" stifles innovation and efficiency.

Very long and slow career path with very little opportunity for growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and benefits. Pay is a bit lacking by US standards, but the benefits and focus on work/life balance is worth it.

Cons: Most are overworked, over-allocated to work
Layoffs are hidden and not public, but happen all the time under the covers
Cloud strategy is weak and not likely to succeed, even though heavy investment is going into these areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Paid well
Unlimited sick time
Opportunity to grow into new roles
Equal opportunity for females

Cons: Too many products, lost in the myriad of products to work on. Cog in a giant wheel(s) of things.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, company vision. Directly impacts so many people across the world and bring communities together on many platforms, creates network of excellence - both the company and people associated grow together.

Cons: Can be difficult to get to the bottom of decisions being made within a large corporation.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked for Concur who was acquired by SAP during my tenure. I have only great things to say about Concur and though SAP is a very large organization, their methodology to the acquisition was positive.

Cons: Since everything is remote, you may have to speak up at times when the work is slow
Advice: None
Pros: SAP invested a lot in its interns, especially since everything went remote. The compensation is great and there are a lot of cool company wide events that are done over Zoom.

Cons: None, I love working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Huge company means lots of great opportunity, both for lateral career moves and upward mobility. Also a very strong corporate culture and sense of community, which is rare for a company so large. You'll work hard, but you get back what you put in.

Cons: -can feel like you are a tiny fish in a massive pond
Advice: Prioritize keeping freedom, creativity and flexibility in our roles as Concur begins to lose more autonomy to SAP.
Pros: Endless opportunities, flexibility, many orgs have great leadership, ability to invest in projects outside of your day to day role

Cons: the company policies and bureaucracy is a little slow at times and PTOs are very common so projects take a long time to get off the ground
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, awesome projects, challenging work, overall my experience at SAP has been great. The culture is very laid back as well

Cons: There are no downside of working at SAP. I have been working here since last 1.5 years and I still recommend individuals to explore the opportunities here at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Work life balance
2. Variety of tech stacks to learn and work on
3. Good feedback system

Cons: Pay and Benefits are no where competitive for the location. 
There are mostly managers in the company, not leaders. There is no encouragement for career growth nor any help from managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good. 
Lot of learning curve because of AWS migration

Cons: None to discuss at this time. There is nothing else that I would want to add to this review at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work. Good place to work Good place to work. Good place to work nothing t else to day

Cons: The salary seems to low compare to similar companies like Oracle, I have seen many people leave because of this.
Advice: None
Pros: Great to work and take care of the employees better because they have an European mindset

Cons: some corporate culture issues, to be expected with a company of this size. Newer companies with great ideas for consumed by larger culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow and learn, managers who advocate for you every step of the way. Good pay and great benefits.

Cons: Salaries might be lower than other top-tier companies.
Advice: None
Pros: 1) Working remotely is possible
2) Student friendly managers
3) Education and self-development comes first
4) Very good work-life balance
5) Most of the people including managers are friendly and warm
6) Very international and diverse working environment

Cons: Too much bureaucracy and internal conflict
Advice: Stop managing sales by spreadsheets.  It's ridiculous how many people are involved with asking how a deal is progressing just to report up to next level management.  Leave your sales people alone!
Pros: Strong products and services. Great Company reputation

Cons: Family leave benefits in North America could be better aligned to our European counterparts.
Advice: Continue to be progressive, outspoken, and a leader among large companies in the US.
Pros: Social activism, work life balance, benefits, trusts their employees, thoughtful hiring around leadership positions, transparency.

Cons: I was working on some technologies which were proprietry to SAP and may not be used as much outside SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: This company really deserves the tag of one of the best places to work. They take care of their employees. Best work life balance.

Cons: Constant management changes
Less US-centric development
Top-down approach than bottoms up
Old tech stack
Advice: Please bring some innovative projects and fund them than just demoing them for showcase
Move away from old tech stack to scale better
Pros: Good work-life balance
Flexible work from home culture
Good stock buying discount program

Cons: May be too "stable" for some. Also, at the same time, always changing. Need to be a lifelong learner.
Advice: Keep working to address traditional bias in most work environment (most relevant cultural, racial and male/female biases).
Pros: Diverse, predictable, always changing. Really nice coworkers.

Cons: Toxic leaders currently building a very bad company culture. Blaming others for leadership failure, very Germany decision making base company, and never willing to listen to anyone outside the geo.
Advice: Remove your toxic and bully leaders. This circle of leadership is demoralizing all employees. Your ECS leaders selling HANA enterprise cloud has failed so many times.
Pros: Enterprise presence in competitive vendor war world.

Cons: Too many changes in leadership in some parts of the company like Ariba that are changing the positive environment of the overall company.
Advice: Look at the leaders you put in place and how they treat employees
Pros: Collaboration encouraged, great teamwork and benefits

Cons: There are other groups like SuccessFactors which has horrible culture
Advice: None. You are doing a great job
Pros: Culture is really awesome in S4 Hana group. Very talented and hardworking colleagues

Cons: All the headaches of a big company. Over abundance of management / shortage of true leadership.
Advice: Focus should be on innovating new value generating applications vs trying to breath life into an old ERP.
Pros: Professional work environment. Lots of opportunity to learn.

Cons: constantly broken builds--every day
too much shifting of responsibilities--people trying to pass on work to others
management is too stern--doesn't take people's experience into account
spent too much time training junior engineers
lots of meetings
Advice: None
Pros: good perks
respectable retirement package/contribution
relatively good technologies
relatively good pay
uses SCRUM/AGILE

Cons: It is a complex place with complex products and lots lots of people. If that is a problem for you, you will not like working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great place to grow. Opportunity everywhere. My boss is awesome. Money.

Cons: Extremely large company so you may feel over looked, or just a number, in major decisions being made by the company
Advice: None
Pros: The company is open about changes and why they are being made. 
The management team listens to concerns and addresses them.

Cons: Politics and Social issues are discussed to often. They call it adversity training and it is forced down your throat.
Advice: Leave political and social issues at home. I just work here.
Pros: Opportunities, high quality co workers, pay, benefits. Work experience is great.

Cons: Run Simple is a company motto, but internal processes can be slow, confusing, and frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow your career and be a parent simultaneously. All walks of life are celebrated and all people who want to contribute are appreciated.

Cons: Slow to promote in all areas
Advice: Identify talent early and groom them from the start for leadership.
Pros: Excellent environment and a supportive management with a little dash of bureaucracy but not overdone. Very process oriented and precise. Great culture as well.

Cons: It is a complex place with complex products and lots lots of people. If that is a problem for you, you will not like working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Great place to grow. Opportunity everywhere. My boss is awesome. Money.

Cons: Large company with a lot internal selling, sometimes selling internally is worth more than externally. Also depends if you are in DNN or Active accounts.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and support system, management is great and understanding unlike most Sales orgs. Better than expected

Cons: Complex working environment because of the BU silos. Need to work the relationships, but everyone is engaged.
Advice: Work the cross BU issues and build common platform.
Pros: SAP is a great place to work. Engaged management and team. Wonderful offices.

Cons: Large companies have inherent issues, and SAP is no exception, but the culture supports addressing inefficiencies and tearing down walls.
Advice: None
Pros: Terrific people, surprisingly personal culture of collaboration and support, world-class resources for all!

Cons: It is an agile environment and you have to be able to adapt and adjust quickly.
Advice: provide clear roadmaps for your employees with consistency.
Pros: It is great Skill/ Development role with a large amount of independent responsibility.

Cons: Germany headquarters makes high potential employees in the bay area feel second-rated.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed working at SAP. Takes good care of employees and provides enough opportunities for career growth. Great place if you would like to retire in a decent company.

Cons: Very poor middle management. Far too frequent reorgs. Lack of failure analysis on business decisions.
Advice: Get rid of 2/3 of the middle management (3/4 in Germany)
Pros: Great benefits, some really good people, salaries on the high end for similar positions

Cons: It’s a big company, and with that comes challenges in getting decisions in a timely fashion
Advice: Think and act more like startups.
Pros: Lots of autonomy. Management places a lot of trust in the fact that teams are getting the job done

Cons: Left bc not enough upwards opportunities.
Advice: Give more senior people chance to manage junior people for professional development.
Pros: Benefits not as good as social media companies but competitive. People and culture fantastic, like extended family.

Cons: Not the highest salaries compared to similar roles in other top companies
Depending on role can become tedious ....... ......... ..........
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Benefits
Low Stress
............ ............. ........... ............ ............ .......... ........... ............ ............ ............. ............ ......... .......... ....... .......... ......

Cons: none really, other than things can get hectic at quarter end and interfere with work-life balance.
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: competitive pay, work schedule flexibility, tons of opportunity for growth, supportive management and great working environment

Cons: -As a Concur employee, I feel disconnected from SAP as a whole
Advice: None
Pros: -Concur has a great culture
-SAP does a great job of ensuring job security and making adjusts in commission especially during pandemic

Cons: Too many rigid and complex processes make it difficult to get work done effectively
Advice: I don’t know if it’s possible to fix the complex systems and processes.
Pros: Incredible people who are passionate, great development opportunities, fair pay, endless opportunity

Cons: Company still supported legacy softwares for companies not willing to upgrade. Hard to justify continued support.
Advice: None
Pros: Company looked for the digital transformation for their customer
Innovative for having a large footprint into many environments
Constantly learning due to new features and functions

Cons: Huge conglomerate. Hard to figure out internally - especially when it comes to your job. Leadership turnover.
Advice: None
Pros: Independence - no clocking in or out. Company redefining it’s vision for the better. Tons of job opportunity within the company

Cons: Complex organization with lots of moving parts. Can be slow to adopt and embrace new trends and technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, benefits, international business experience, career opportunities, reputation, brand, and working with colleagues from all over the world.

Cons: Not the highest salaries compared to similar roles in other top companies
Depending on role can become tedious ....... ......... ..........
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Benefits
Low Stress
............ ............. ........... ............ ............ .......... ........... ............ ............ ............. ............ ......... .......... ....... .......... ......

Cons: None really, overall the company is great.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Get employees opinions on new tools when they are launched and how they are working currently and possible improvements needed.
Pros: Very Pro Employee
Great Benefits
Promotes Diversity
Put employees first during pandemic

Cons: None that I can think of! This is seriously the greatest place to work.
Advice: None!
Pros: The benefits, leadership as well as culture are excellent! Very inclusive environment with an emphasis on career development.

Cons: work could be more interesting at times, big company implies less exposure to overall picture
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work at times, flexible work schedule, good people, various initiatives lead by company (volunteering, donations etc), good treatment of employees

Cons: The size of the organization can be daunting at times- no surprise
Advice: Co-CEO was an interesting time but management has been transparent and now course correcting.
Pros: opportunity, colleagues, great resources for personal development, benefits are spectacular

Cons: Typical large companies cons - sometimes feel lost in the noise due to so many employees. Not the best visibility into career advancement.
Advice: Provide better career path visibility.
Pros: Best people who care about each other. Good work/life balance.

Cons: The left hand often does not know what the right hand is doing, however there are efforts to fix that. Slowly.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a decent, stable company with the right direction for the upcoming decade.

Cons: Ridiculous leadership, very aggressive (behaviorally) in meetings
Advice: Please get rid of managers with no people management experience or skills. They try to hide their flaws by micromanaging their employees, leading employees to leave.
Pros: Competitive salary and stock options

Cons: There are so many initiatives going on at one time, it is a challenge to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: They are a caring, thoughtful company and treat us like, not just a valuable asset, but a member of the family.

Cons: Being geographically diverse time zone challenges are many
Advice: Advice leaders to be flexible with employees that spend long hours due to time zone disparity.
Pros: Stable, large, global enterprise - lots of job security

Cons: Can’t think of any major cons, but SAP can do better in terms of compensation in comparison with other tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture
Good learning opportunities by providing free learning hub access
Provides flexibility
Decent work life balance.

Cons: - Large global corporation so lots of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong care and support for employee well being
- Flexible work environment
- Competitive compensation
- Various platforms to grow professionally and personally

Cons: You have to play politics to get promotion or solid leads 
Frat bro club
Advice: Provide tools for MDR to succeed. 
Don’t take advice and feedback personal. 
Don’t take out frustration on your team.
Pros: Entry into SaaS 
Room for growth

Cons: Frequent re-orgs, changes to management, growth stagnation from mid-senior level.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and benefits. Top management really care about employees especially during pandemic time. Good growth opportunities for consultant to mid senior level positions.

Cons: Large company so your work and efforts may fly under the radar
Advice: None
Pros: Tremendous amount of growth potential and opportunities, lots of tools for career advancement, excellent work life balance and company culture

Cons: - pay is decent but other large tech companies offer more
- regular benefits
- project progress can be slow due to the size of the organization
Advice: None
Pros: - work life balance
- nice office
- lunch on us card

Cons: Lack of consequence management for poor performance, especially at senior levels.
Advice: None
Pros: Very open culture, it is easy to develop strong friendships with people you work with. I genuinely like the vast majority of people here.

Cons: Work life balance, salary, leadership
Advice: Listen to the people you bring on to get some fresh perspective. You've been struggling with problems you haven'g been able to solve for far too long.
Pros: Great teammates and good location for public transit

Cons: Harmonizing across a large company, but transparency is always available and feedback is asked for regarding how to improve
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good working relationship with management. I am very proud of their accommodations regarding COVID19

Cons: Communication is lacking. Expectations are not clearly communicated.
Advice: Listen to employees.  Make sure teams are fully staffed.
Pros: Excellent co-workers . Perks like free lunch and recognition awards. Good benefits and 401k as well

Cons: Lack of focus on the HR Product line
Advice: Look at what your employees can offer you and take advantage of that. Don't treat your employees like paid actors.
Pros: Very solid company, insanely intelligent people developing amazing products.

Cons: Were slow to roll up acquired companies to the mother ship
Advice: Keep up the direction you’re going &amp; you’ll have another 40 years
Pros: They genuinely care for customers, employees and offer good salary/benefits

Cons: Size and scale of the company sometimes results in compartmentalization of critical work
Haven’t seen any other...
Advice: Continue to invest in facilitating inter-disciplinary collaboration across various groups
Pros: Great company mission
Very talented teams
Kind and generous leadership
Financial rewards

Cons: Payscale is not on par with the market trend or compared to the companies with in the same cohort.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, encourage to try new things without worrying about failures.

Cons: Salary caps
Lots of pushback on salary negotiations
can get bored
Advice: Foster your talent - let them  grow and pursue other opportunities... compensate your employees, they are your greatest asset.
Pros: work-life balance
Career growth
perks
offices
Work from home flexibility

Cons: slower paced due to European headquarters, constant change in strategy
Advice: Stick with a plan.  Prioritize north america.
Pros: work life balance, company really cares for employees, colleagues are down to earth and eager to help

Cons: Very slow career growth, low salary, no clear direction in company goals
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life is pretty good, Unlimited leave plan, somewhat "Free" lunch

Cons: Work life balance difficult- no room for advancement if you’re a woman in SF.
Advice: Equal opportunity would make the company stronger.
Pros: Working at SAP and great people/team environment

Cons: You will work a lot as with many major global companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart colleagues. Great people at this company. HQ is in Germany so well funded and they appreciate U.S. counterpart's ability to execute well.

Cons: SAP products and solutions are going through a transition to the cloud which makes its near term viability hard to manage for customers.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very social conscious and employee focused company.

Cons: Sometimes we have to work on the weekends but we get comp off for that so not really a con
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture is great
Company promotes employee trainings and the management is very supportive

Cons: Your clients are ususally not where you are, so travel can be significant
Advice: Don't give up on Cloud Services
Pros: One of the top 10 Employers in the Technology Space

Cons: Doesn't understand mid-market, you only make money if you are in Large Enterprise roles
Advice: Do away with LOB AE's. Divide territories up and assign 1 person to cover each account
Pros: Established company, good pay, good people

Cons: A bit slower paced but that helps with the work life balance part
Advice: None
Pros: Purpose driven company 
Opportunities to pivot within the company 
Initiatives for innovation within the larger company

Cons: Big company so a lot of changes, job is high stess
Advice: None
Pros: Management is amazing and the job pays very well for an entry level position. SAP is an amazing company with lots of resources

Cons: No cons that I have come across
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work for in terms of teams and supportive members. 
Everyone here is extremely dedicated.
Work life balance is taken care of very well

Cons: if you're coming from the city, work commute takes about an hour to get there and back with traffic
Advice: None
Pros: work atmosphere, lunch stipend, networking opportunities, flexibility to work on other teams given bandwidth

Cons: low pay, extreme bureaucracy and poor decision making not using data
Advice: Hire people to lead versus hiring people to follow inadequate leaders.
Pros: Travel and industry exposure across the globe

Cons: Large, lots of re-orgs, upper management still re-orgs too often, too reliant on listening to German HQ still
Advice: Get rid of most of the German leadership
Pros: Lots of opportunity, internal training is one of the bests

Cons: Leadership is not always leadership
Advice: Team Leaders need to encourage team spirit in fierce competitive environments.
Pros: Creative, fast-paced challenging and innovative

Cons: - Compensation could be slightly better
- work/life integration is absolutely insane
Advice: -make sure you have clear direction and are aligned with your leadership.
Pros: - Intelligent talent pool to work with
- Semi competitive compensation

Cons: Territory more than ever has led to a salesperson's success. Still not as bad as some companies.
Advice: Get rid of ROE or lock accounts
Pros: Great Stock option program as well as products.

Cons: Competitive pressures from all angles (hyperscalers, best of breed SaaS), company struggling to convert on-premise revenues to a cloud-based business at scale.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, good vacation, good pay, global customers/colleagues

Cons: - somewhat bad office locations
- on-call shifts
- work / life balance is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: - above average pay
- very good company benefits
- well-equipped office with a gym
- young colleagues

Cons: There are no Kontras at all! :)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, super loyal and supportive team, amazing onboarding program,... Just the best place to work at with the best colleagues in the world! :)

Cons: Hierarchical and management is a bit out of touch with global pulse of the org. Very white male dominated leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, work life balance and benefits

Cons: Territory more than ever has led to a salesperson's success. Still not as bad as some companies.
Advice: Get rid of ROE or lock accounts
Pros: Great Stock option program as well as products.

Cons: Need stronger push for DE&amp;I
Advice: While it looks like a lot is being done, A lot of change hasn't occurred and concerns may fall on deaf ears
Pros: Culture, Growth potential, leadership, networks

Cons: There was a surprising level of "office politics".
Advice: None
Pros: I got to work with a bunch of interesting people on a number of interesting projects.

Cons: Heavy workloads, constant meetings, many organizational changes in the next couple of years.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional development opportunities abound, inclusive DE&amp;I culture, stay relevant by learning new tech skills, creative and collaborative environment.

Cons: - Inflexible HR policies on topics, such as mobility and transfer
Advice: None
Pros: - Supportive and uplifting team culture
- Managers and leadership advocate for work-life balance (and lead by example)
- Strong culture-driven organization that

Cons: Not competitive salary, slow-paced, need to solve fractions and inconsistency of multiple products
Advice: None
Pros: Enterprise design system is very interesting and a lot of room to grow.

Cons: Management makes promises they don't keep.
Advice: When you ask a person to do something and they do it. Pay what you say you will.
Pros: Pay well, good working conditions

Cons: Salary transparency needed to ensure everyone is fairly compensated compared to peers.
Advice: Executive Board needs to take diversity and inclusion seriously and show it in action
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: You sometimes need to know the way to get things done internally.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: We make it happen as a team.
SAP is a very human company.
Great visionary management

Cons: 1 haven't come up with yet
Advice: None
Pros: 1 People in the team are very supportive and friendly
2 WLB
3 As a new grad, you can always learn new things

Cons: Constant change that generates confusion around strategy, and business leadership
Advice: Focus change where support processes, product mgmt/development do talk to front role organizations.
Pros: Great benefits and flexible work

Cons: There could be better benefits for Health/Wellness (i.e., subsidy for gym memberships and/or health and wellness subsidies etc.)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Work Model Pledge is great commitment by leadership!

Cons: Quality of work that you'll get to work on completely depends on the team you're working for.
Advice: Be more agile.
Pros: Amazing place to work. Would recommend to anyone seeking work life balance.

Cons: Constant org change. Am on 4th manager in 12 months
Advice: Develop a strategy and stop re-orging every 6 months. Would also help not to have audits every 6 months
Pros: Stock purchase program is amazing

Cons: No complaints 
Like any big company, sometimes it can be hard to get changes implemented
Advice: None
Pros: Strong management
Cares about the Customer
Looks out for employees
Products are important to their customers
Widely diversified product portfolio

Cons: - none, best decision so far
Advice: - none
Pros: - Work life balance
- lot of opportunities to choose
- lot of extra activities happening
- very supporting and diverse culture
- phone

Cons: Many peers have left for MS, AWS, etc. recently as very few US-based leaders now.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, smart people, lots of freedom and autonomy.

Cons: Management can vary. Little to no onboarding structure.
Advice: Learn to ask direct reports how they can help and listen. Little accountability but high micromanaging.
Pros: Flexible schedule, Smart colleagues and nice 401k match.

Cons: SAP Concur paid much less than parent company SAP.
Advice: Align to parent companies values and organizational structure
Pros: Work life balance, Great PTO plan, Great maternity plan

Cons: Although they spend a lot of offices, due to the flexible work, offices can be ghost towns
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice people to work with, great culture, flexible work environment

Cons: Everything is strict and document oriented; too large and too systematic to feel as part of the team
Advice: None
Pros: Great for people who need rule sets to work efficiently

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy
HR is kind of a nightmare to navigate, employees have to crowdsource information.
Advice: Assign an HR rep to large groups of employees.
Pros: Good benefits
Good Work-life balance
Focus on D&amp;I

Cons: It can be difficult to understand the wide array of products under the umbrella of SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture and benefits are wonderful. There are also a lot of opportunities for growth.

Cons: The greatest majority of the senior leaders are in Europe, so timezone is a bit challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing leadership team, strong empowered people who are able to drive and influence change!

Cons: Not a pay masters and old way of mangement.
Advice: Try to retain the talent. Be on par with market in terms of pay and benefits.
Pros: Work and personal life balance is good.

Cons: Difficult to advance after a certain level
Advice: Be transparent about changes &amp; nurture your #1 asset (employees)
Pros: Interesting work, flexible work environment, great colleagues

Cons: lots of cold calls. Management is a little disorganized. little opportunity to go on unless your a top 5% performer.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay
fun teams and peers 
learn new skills

Cons: - Lower than market-rate salaries
- Very small raise
- No sign-up bonus
- No structured processes
Advice: None
Pros: - Really good work/ life balance
- People are nice
- Interviews are easy

Cons: It's so big that it takes time to understand the whole ecosystem
Advice: None
Pros: - Take care of employees
- Smart people 
- Awesome products and solutions
- Constant training
- General good environment

Cons: Can be slow in being current with modern tech stack, not an industry leader/innovator in an software engineering practices. Salary is not competitive at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, seemingly friendly management/executives

Cons: Siloed teams, little upward mobility in salary, horrible if you want to be in upper management as a woman
Advice: None
Pros: Great starting compensation, great work environment, extensive benefits

Cons: California office feels a long ways away from Germany HQ, which can be frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: Much more innovate than you think and great cloud strategy. Much to come!

Cons: Lengthy internal approval process
Slow 
Old mindsets
Advice: Increase pace, reduce internal politics
Pros: Friendly people
Good perks
Good work life balance

Cons: - Average salary
- There are many events happening throughout the year
Advice: n/a
Pros: - Workload is not heavy
- There are many events (knowledge sharing, online learning) happening throughout the year

Cons: Some internal processes could be improve and SAP is already working on it.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really cares about its employees and recognizes all their efforts and accomplishments

Cons: More than 40h per week
Challenging work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work weeks
Opportunity to select your engagements
Competitive work environment
Ability to learn 
Free certifications

Cons: Technologies were obsolete and there was no effort to change it.
Company shut down all north america development
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance was good.
People were nice

Cons: If you do work remote it can be difficult to progress in your career
Salary stays pretty stagnant
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work/life balance
Flexible schedule
Really great employees
Being able to work remote

Cons: Work life balance, disorganization, management, expectations, compensation structure
Advice: Improve your on boarding processes and training for new hires. Huge lack of training in remote world
Pros: PTO, benefits, remote work, room for growth

Cons: High pressure sales environment, reps competing against each other for customer business. Management plays favorites with account distribution. Unachievable quotas and poor commission structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Good base pay 
Flexible schedule

Cons: Creeping influence of SAP (although that is not all bad).
Advice: None
Pros: Best solution in the market. More importantly, we have retained our culture of integrity and honesty.

Cons: The company is very large with lots of different parts of the business it therefore can be difficult to comprehend.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable and secure. I feel respected and appreciated.

Cons: Inability to move fast which brings morale down
Advice: Recognize good people!! They are hard to find!!
Pros: Excellent work life balance and Stellar perks and benefits!

Cons: Upper management is stirring the pot too much.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a fun place to work. My team is awesome. Work-life balance is the focus. The work is challenging.

Cons: long work days and work-life balance can suffer at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, good leadership, opportunities to grow

Cons: Teams can be small and leave little room to climb.
Advice: None
Pros: Working for Concur, there is a big focus on employee health and wellbeing! Very little work-a-holic culture.

Cons: Smaller org within SAP so growth opportunities were relatively limited from a management perspective
Advice: N/A
Pros: Support from top down on personal goals and deal level engagement

Cons: It's not an easy job. It can be cut throat and there are high expectations to perform. Trust the process
Advice: None
Pros: Starting Bonus
Autonomy
Management
Salary + Commission Structure

Cons: Some managers are not kind and do not listen. Very impersonal culture (no in person meetings, only meet over conference calls)
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, flexible schedule, great colleagues

Cons: Hours can be long as it is a global company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good teams that care about you, work load is manageable and low stress for an EA role.

Cons: Very Low pay compared to Market. Slow Career Progression. Not a great work culture after Concur got acquired by SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee Benefits, Stock Purchase Plans

Cons: Travel, Long hours, Salary, Promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Customer focus, Innovation, Work &amp; Life balance, Diversity

Cons: Big focus on bringing in young talent, if that bothers you.
Advice: None
Pros: Love working for SAP, you can really tell they care about their employees, which is rare.

Cons: High deductible health plan, few remote positions available
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and pay, paid parental leave, work-life balance, inclusive, diverse, opportunities for growth, retirement plan matching

Cons: High deductible health plan, few remote positions available
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and pay, paid parental leave, work-life balance, inclusive, diverse, opportunities for growth, retirement plan matching

Cons: Very PM driven, can't do user testing with customers. Very little salary increase every year.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, great working environment.

Cons: The process to get work done is slow. The salary is no too high
Advice: None
Pros: Really good work-life-balance. Colleagues are really friendly and nice. Benefits is good

Cons: The only cons are that processes are difficult and everything moves so slow
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a very international company, great benefits, virtual

Cons: below average pay for tech industry. high turnover in leadership. extremely long hiring process.
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance and great paid time off

Cons: Just remote mainly, would have been so much better if it is in person
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, being treated as a full time engineer, and flexible

Cons: Harder for younger engineers to get cross-trained. Too much separation of duties.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of emphasis put on a work/life balance.

Cons: Layoff merchants. No loyalty to employees
Advice: Slash management as opposed to cutting the lower chain to save cost
Pros: Brand name and that’s about it. Free cafeteria food

Cons: Limited Stock option, low salary increases each year. Old tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: good WL balance, OK compensation, nice people to work with. No push.

Cons: On your own to be successful
Advice: change the comp plan back to a monthly quota instead of yearly
Pros: Good pay, easy to figure it out

Cons: Poor sales operations 
Poor account coordination and engagement
Confusing product strategy
Advice: Customer centricity
Pros: Pay is very competitive
Lots of internal mobility opportunities
Highly recognizable brand

Cons: Work life balance a little off, problems aren’t always dealt with in an efficient way
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, and benefits. Managers are helpful but do not micro-manage

Cons: It's so slow you wouldn't want to work there in the beginning years of your career.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a bit slow, you're never stressed out or anything

Cons: Too frequent changes in the leadership and board
Advice: None
Pros: Respect employees and their family situation in the pandemic and allow working from home until mid 2021

Cons: A bit complex but there is a ton of support to help you succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work with really bright people. An empowering place to work.

Cons: Very large organization so sometimes difficult to get your ideas across
Advice: Simplification of the portfolio
Pros: Amazing culture, good benefits, good salary, work life balance

Cons: TQM role can have some cons from pressure perspective. Ratio level of effort/compensation not balanced enough.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP culture, learnings from different industries we support.

Cons: Too many people, very large company
Advice: None
Pros: Best people to work with and they all want to help to see you succeed.

Cons: if you want to improve yourself you need pay more time for studying
Advice: None
Pros: sap have good trainning so it can help you improve your skill

Cons: Doesn't pay as much as other companies in area for same level
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance, can work from home when you want (even before pandemic)

Cons: Good pay but not the best paying employer
Advice: Be competitive in salaries
Pros: Work culture is good. People respect each other's work and schedules

Cons: Compared to other high paying companies, the salary is relatively less.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. 
Utmost respectful work environment
Great learning opportunities 
Fair pay master

Cons: Just the normal disadvantages of all big companies, I guess (hierarchy, speed of change, etc.).
Advice: None
Pros: Global company with tremendous opportunities to develop within.

Cons: Can get better at salary levels for senior employees
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee friendly and helps the employees with good work-life balance

Cons: Many re-orgs (at least once per year)
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely flexible work environment, with top-notch colleagues. Great place to expand your career, and contribute new ideas.

Cons: sometime a group will be laid off for unknow reasons if you are not in Germany
Advice: none
Pros: Salary, Benefits, stock options and great work environment

Cons: Too many new offerings without much thought around how to execute
Advice: Stop putting the cart before the horse
Pros: Unlimited Sick Time
Flexible work shedules
Work remotely

Cons: There arw no Cons its a great place to work and thrive
Advice: None
Pros: Worklife balance is the best.
People and Management really care for each other

Cons: Organizational complexities and long operational processes
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture and great people to work with. Diversity is extremely important and this enriches the the different teams.

Cons: Big company with a complex operating environment.
Advice: Keep going. Clients need you to be successful.
Pros: Great company going through a transformation. Really cares about clients.

Cons: Limited career advancement. Limited raises as a standard practice.
Advice: Enable more salary increases.
Pros: -Great people
-Good salary
-Great bonus plan
-Great benefits
-Career development
-Excellent vacation time

Cons: change of leadership / plans, lots of bureaucracy, retirement company, slow paced
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, good benefits, great people, lots of growth opportunities

Cons: Needs more diversity in leadership, needs to improve on creating brand awareness
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, cares for employees, culture, mental health awareness

Cons: Sometimes I do miss being in an office.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work 100%
Flexible work schedule
Excellent benefits
Very much empowers you to be your best

Cons: Lack of ongoing accountability at all levels
Advice: Less initiatives.  Focus on a few and do them well
Pros: Strong vision for the future

Cons: No complaints, great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, growth opportunities and great benefits. Hands on training for the position

Cons: Huge company. Sometimes getting things pushed through takes time.
Advice: None
Pros: I work with some brilliant people. The team is amazing and everyone is willing to help.

Cons: Management vs. Leadership (more mangers)
Culturally old fashion 
Slow to change
Young talent has very high turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance at the company

Cons: limited growth, comp, key roles based out of Germany. Very limited growth options for other locations
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, benefits, culture

Cons: navigating large organization can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity within discipline and always willing to allow oppty in new discipline with hard work

Cons: I have no cons for SAP
Advice: None
Pros: The SAP culture is the absolute BEST.
Great Team of people to work with within any division.

Cons: Org changes, lack of diversity on board management
Advice: None
Pros: SAP values the needs of employees outside of work, and provides ample resources

Cons: advancement opportunities, constant change of direction
Advice: Do it because you should, not because a competitor did.
Pros: work/life balance, office environment, people

Cons: Too bureaucratic. Too much leadership is based in Germany at the company HQ.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People. Exciting projects. Constant change. Lots of interesting opportunities

Cons: Focus is a problem
Tech debt
hard for company to do big things
Advice: None
Pros: Probably some of the nicest people I've ever worked with.
Treat's employees well
Work-life balance

Cons: it is a high octane performance environment, not necessarily a con if that's what you are looking for
Advice: None
Pros: good people, good pay, good opportunities

Cons: Lots of processes, many global teams which causes delays due to timezones
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, good pay, friendly culture

Cons: Can be overworked but expected
Advice: None
Pros: Even if you aren’t crazy about your role, you’ll love the company and how they treat you!

Cons: Not too many growth opportunity after the initial period. US is deemed as high cost location
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of focus on Early Talent, good support

Cons: Cloud jobs are mainly clustered around high cost centers, such as Palo Alto
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive environment working with great colleagues

Cons: I don't have any negative things to say.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, great teamwork, opportunities for advancement, and great management team as well.

Cons: None. It has been one of the best career decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place, good work life balance, great salary and fantastic people.

Cons: - high pressure job
- travel round the year
Advice: None
Pros: - Customer focused
- Strong sales teams
- big budgets to support sales function

Cons: - Ok Salary
- Take forever to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: - Great WLB
- Really good team culture and opportunities 
- Free lunch, Gym and other facilities

Cons: Very large organizations are not as nimble as smaller ones.
Advice: None
Pros: I love SAP especially for it's commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Cons: consistent organizational changes, career growth difficult in some units
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, great colleagues, ability to move around the company

Cons: Nothing to really report that's bad
Advice: Keep the talent you have!
Pros: SAP has your back with pivoting career paths

Cons: Slowing pace for executing the decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Market Leading ERP Enterprise Solutions

Cons: Bad product strategy which keeps changing
Advice: None
Pros: good wlb, rest and vest mindset prevalent around the engineering orgs.

Cons: Less chance to make an impact
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and high job secure

Cons: Higher Management is constantly shifting company's vision
Advice: None
Pros: Great for individual contributor and Work life balance

Cons: No competitive pay, No work in latest technologies even though it is in Sillicon Valley
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance, good team culture.

Cons: Slow-paced and not good for entry-level engineers
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is great. The workload is not too heavy.

Cons: -Low on salary in comparison to other companies of same scale
Advice: None
Pros: -Good work-life balance
-Positive and productive working culture
-Professional employees

Cons: Opportunities for advancement are rare
Advice: Keep focus and execute well on the Cloud First strategy
Pros: SAP has great culture and benefits

Cons: Sometimes slow to change. Can be bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Really take care of the people working there. Best products in the marketplace.

Cons: Organizational chaos at times, getting better
Advice: None
Pros: Good company overall to cruise. Internal groups and people are happy to help

Cons: No cons for me here! Work culture was really great.
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with an amazing team.
Lots to learn and develop skills.

Cons: 1. ABAP is hard to use with a lot of restrictions and limitations.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Flexible working hour
2. Independent working environment focus on technology

Cons: Since Concur was acquired by SAP the culture is becoming more profit driven and less customer focused.
Advice: None
Pros: People are great to work with

Cons: For a multinational company, the board of directors too heavily weighted by one country
Advice: None
Pros: A corporate culture that cares for its employees

Cons: There are some groups dominated by one nation people and full of politices.
Advice: None
Pros: Have good life work balance in some groups

Cons: Larger than the normal company (100,000+ employees)
Advice: None
Pros: Great company - they care about their employees

Cons: Board Diversity and outside talent in top management
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is dedicated to helping customers achieve Digital Transformation

Cons: - Management driven employee policies/entitlements not HR driven
Advice: None
Pros: - Care about Employees
- Good Pay
- Free Lunch 
- 401 Benefits
- Other Benefits

Cons: Less competitive compensation package with similar jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Good team synergy
Good benefit package
Good company culture and value

Cons: No cons as such for me.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has a lot of areas for personal growth. Great Worklife banalnce.

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy makes it difficult to implement new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership on the individual teams, good coworkers

Cons: complex organization structures - hard to find your way around
Advice: None
Pros: international presence and industry leading tech solutions

Cons: Not a lot of opportunity unless you’re German
Advice: None
Pros: Good balance, lots of vacation days. Not a lot of pressure

Cons: - Org changes
- Germany favored over US
- Expense reporting
Advice: None
Pros: - Kind people
- Ok to disagree
- Serious about feedback
- Opportinity for growth

Cons: LOTS of competitors with much cheaper offerings but still quality solutions.
Advice: Keep investing in the employees,.
Pros: Great culture, great solution, invest in employees.

Cons: slow, takes a long time to get internal teams to do what you need
Advice: None
Pros: secure, very stable place to work

Cons: All White Males at Leadership levels
Advice: Promote women and get rid of the boys club
Pros: Could have an OK career.

Cons: LOTS of competitors with much cheaper offerings but still quality solutions.
Advice: Keep investing in the employees,.
Pros: Great culture, great solution, invest in employees.

Cons: Hard to climb up or over to other industries
Advice: None
Pros: Strong work life balance, competitive salary, perks during pandemic

Cons: mostly a corporate political environment and it really is who you know and networking is essential.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, remote, learning, friendly coworkers

Cons: Pay is not all the best.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot from seniors that are ahead of you. 
Comfortable work environment, everyone is friendly.

Cons: Non cons just a basic sales environment. No complaints on my end
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome fun to work at and great leadership. Great pay

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, but normal for 100k+ employee org.
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues
Good work/life balance, probably the best of any tech company
Great compensation

Cons: Long hours, specially during end of Q.
Advice: Great management
Pros: Great benefits. Good Work/life balance. Very good pay. Inclusive work place.

Cons: Can’t think of any at the moment
Advice: Keep promoting work/life balance
Pros: Great leadership team, constant feedback to grow, and amazing people

Cons: Less pay
Work quality depends on team
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance
Work from home pre COVID times &amp; complete remote work post COVID
Shares

Cons: workload can be heavy but manageable - no other issues
Advice: None
Pros: excellent pay, work from home and benefits

company makes you feel valued

Cons: Very little ambition in my team
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits such as meal vouchers, flexibility to work from office/home, no stress

Cons: No concerns No concerns No concerns
Advice: None
Pros: Employee perks, Culture, People, work life balance, great opportunities

Cons: Option plan for employee is not very attactive
Advice: Provide better option plan to employees
Pros: Great working place and culture

Cons: German middle management are in the same jobs far too long.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Strong Pay, Strong culture and peers.

Cons: no cons as per my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice work culture as per my experience

Cons: Let's get back onto the office 2021.
Advice: Keep on going and TY.
Pros: Team, pay, caring, invested in people, ability to grow.

Cons: Difficulty moving with agility in highly matrixed organizations
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace culture, amazing benefits, flexible working policy, emphasis on employee development

Cons: constant changing GTM strategy and in recent years lost some great leaders
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start your sales career

Cons: SAP's can be a pretty big place to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: SAP does its best to treat people like people

Cons: lack of structure within the roles
Advice: None
Pros: positive culture, great coworkers, benefits are solid and company cares about their employees

Cons: Not a lot of opportunities for upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture was great and colleagues are very helpful and supportive

Cons: Work life integration has been tough during Covid in a customer facing role
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, encouraging of exploring other positions within SAP

Cons: All companies have issues but SAP takes care of their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company, great place to work!

Cons: Not the swiftest when it comes to change
Advice: None
Pros: Great company for long term career growth

Cons: The products, no innovation, very old school for a tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, 15 vacation days, 5 days of PTO

Cons: Too many reorgs and changes in business strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and benefits with an open, flexible, autonomous, and supportive work environment.

Cons: very large company, easy to get lost in.
Advice: provide managers with more people management training
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Sometimes you can feel like you are on your on and on and island
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company and people are great

Cons: Slow to adapt to change. Internal processes very bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, and excellent management. Good compensation and benefits.

Cons: Some redundancy built into the org
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture, generous benefits, great people

Cons: - Can be a slow place
Advice: None
Pros: - Truly invest in employees
- Easy to advance in a career with effort

Cons: pay scale might be a bit lower than industry in bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent working culture with skilled talents to innovate

Cons: Low visibility into other areas of the business
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a great vision. Employer takes care of their employees.

Cons: salary is on the lower end of the spectrum for some roles
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance and amazing people

Cons: It's hard work, but rewarding work. I wouldn't consider it a con
Advice: None
Pros: Great Teammates and Constantly Learning

Cons: I do not see any serious cons. Every company has its hurdles.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and benefits. Everyone is super helpful.

Cons: Less pay and compensation overall.
Advice: None
Pros: Unbeatable work life balance, good company culture and management.learning opportunities for new hires

Cons: Lots of red tape. Sap grows too quickly and processes and products are disjointed.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits. Flexible schedule. Good pay.

Cons: Your RSE is your key to next level play in this role.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, community help you grow into business professional

Cons: The company does not offer visa services easily if you need sponsorship.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility
Work life balance
Teamwork
Love my work

Cons: Takes a long time for new initiatives to be implemented
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture
Great pay
Lots of great perks
Very supportive managers

Cons: Too much politics and little growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Work load is reasonable compared to other competitors

Cons: Salary increase is slow. less RSU.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Support career development

Cons: Very matrixed, complex and slow moving internal operations
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits and people

Cons: Not sure if they will allow us to continue working from home.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance for employees

Cons: Lots of change, leadership chooses promotions based on the wrong criteria
Advice: None
Pros: People and culture are great

Cons: none to report at this time
Advice: better understand the impact of business decisions within the organization.
Pros: several pros. good company in US

Cons: processes always changed abruptly in the team
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, great work-life balance, amazing co workers

Cons: Large company, complex organizational structure, DIY career growth
Advice: None
Pros: People, connections, interesting and varying work

Cons: I do not have any cons about SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and a great work life balance.

Cons: Challenges around constantly shifting product directions and ambiguity of product goals
Advice: None
Pros: Internal opportunities and resources for personal growth.

Cons: Slow growing
Fewer development opportunities than fast growing companies
Complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture
World class coaching and mindfulness program
Value their employees

Cons: High level of organizational complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, tons of support, competitive compensation, fascinating product

Cons: Lots of red tape
Lots of leadership change
Advice: None
Pros: Great CEO
Company culture is awesome
Easy access to leadership

Cons: Traveling, political issues, pressure from customers
Advice: None
Pros: Rewarding work, compensation, work life balance

Cons: No real disadvantage. Sometimes reactive to market trends.
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting work 
Supportive management 
Good work life balance

Cons: Very frequent reorgs
Narrowly scoped responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Potential to positively impact the world's largest companies

Cons: Must be a German Male to move up
Advice: None
Pros: it is an ok place to work

Cons: - Hard to grow in other sectors
Advice: None
Pros: - Great manager
- Great teamlead
- Encouraging environment
- Stipend lunch

Cons: Cannot think of any cons so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, incredible people and abundance of opportunities

Cons: At times too large and is incredibly matrixed
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, and they do value their employees

Cons: I can't think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, good training, good benefit, good work life balance

Cons: Always busy - some of this is self imposed.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to grow and learn is endless

Cons: Very few teams work on latest stack
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly colleagues to work with

Cons: Do not expect much in terms of comp and benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, lots of opportunities

Cons: Very Low salaries and raises.
Too many DevOps issues
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work-life balance 
Company Cares about the Employees.

Cons: None really. You can make it happen here!
Advice: None
Pros: Love the company. The best run SAP. Exceptional People

Cons: Great at specific talents, but had to work with partners on most projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, and much independence

Cons: sometimes it is sress to work because too much work
Advice: None
Pros: it is a great company to work at reallly

Cons: Depends on the group some work pressure but its acceptable
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work and life balance, employee-friendly culture

Cons: large organization and easy to get lost
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits and great people

Cons: Germany controls everything. Ceiling is too low
Advice: Keep growing
Pros: Good people. Customers and global partners

Cons: slow business decisions for future projects, frequent context swtiches
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, great growth opportunities

Cons: Concur management sometimes makes you jump through hoops for promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Focus on career growth and development; flexibility in schedules.

Cons: Technology was limited to current stack. Difficult to bring in the latest frameworks, libraries, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging work and good benefits.

Cons: Mostly B2B products with less core development in India
Advice: None
Pros: Free food, free transport, Work life balance

Cons: refocusing the company is in full swing
Advice: keep up the good work.
Pros: great company and supportive environment

Cons: love to work her will peruse a full time position
Advice: None
Pros: very great company, love to working her

Cons: Company culture was a little clique and could be a little difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience getting your feet wet

Cons: it is a very structured company and the downside is slow process for changes
Advice: None
Pros: the company provides employment security

Cons: Takes time to increase salary
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for longer careers and work life balance

Cons: Low salary compared to others in the market
Advice: None
Pros: Health benefits and work life balance is great.

Cons: Compensation is not competitive as compared to the market
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and flexible work schedule

Cons: The cons are very less. I would say nothing
Advice: None
Pros: The pros are Perks,Work load,Bonus,Work culture,Facilities.

Cons: Work hours and conditions are a bit too demanding.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning platform and knowledge skill set attained.

Cons: Low Salary and less challenging work
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance . .

Cons: young people come and go too frequently
Advice: None
Pros: have good opportunity to grow

Cons: Unorganized leadership (at least in my unit)
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Great opportunity to learn and Network

Cons: To many managers at the middle level.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, and great workforce

Cons: constant shift in direction and focus can create some burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyable coworkers, good pay and benefits, interesting work

Cons: None - great company.  Keep up the good work.
Advice: None
Pros: Management.  Work life balance.  Opportunities.

Cons: Nothing that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, Flexible working, Benefits, Career Counseling opportunities, mentorship programs

Cons: May need to improve on working on open source technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Pandemic effects of business - some managers micro manage
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture fun co workers

Cons: Lots of travel; mostly virtual; rarely interact in person with co-workers
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great salaries and benefits

Cons: Beware of some teams where there’s no work
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and diversity, free food

Cons: Restricted Growth after performing for years
Poor salary structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Technical stack in cloud is great

Cons: Very old school, bureaucratic, decision by committee
Advice: None
Pros: Collegial atmosphere. Legitimate desire to build things for customers.

Cons: Lack of upward mobility or promotions.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, excellent benefits, freedom to do your job.

Cons: None that comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Company has a good sense of future direction of the industry

Cons: SAP looks after their employees like a mother.
Advice: None
Pros: A very good company to start your career

Cons: A lot of leadership changes in the past 2 years
Advice: None
Pros: Trust in leadership 
Work/life balance
Good pay
Flexible hours

Cons: Big and inefficient with too much central control
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and focus on employees

Cons: A lot of change going on now.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay 
Freedom to do your work 
Great leadership

Cons: Honestly don’t have any! It’s a great place to work!
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and flexible work schedule

Cons: Huge company that can be difficult to navigate at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with many opportunities for growth.

Cons: I can not think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance, good pay and benefits

Cons: I can’t think of any to be honest
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership and employee engagement

Cons: Extremely large company, so lower T levels seem to be overlooked.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares about it's employees.

Cons: has changed culturally. very large, very rigid.
Advice: NA
Pros: lots of opportunities for career diversity

Cons: Salary is not as per the bay area standards.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at.

Cons: Low salary other than that i didnt find anything
Advice: None
Pros: Good Team, benefits, Work life Balance

Cons: Compensation needs to improve for certain countries
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and good culture

Cons: Too many men at the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture and stability.

Cons: Too many men at the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture and stability.

Cons: communication from executive level sometimes challenging during restructure
Advice: None
Pros: established client base, excellent mentorship, diverse and inclusive

Cons: less innovative, too much senior management, legacy application
Advice: None
Pros: worklife, compensation, time offs, stability, activities

Cons: Hard to advance because people stay in roles for awhile
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, Work/Life Balance, Team mentality

Cons: Monthly pressure because public company
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, career opportunities and many resources.

Cons: A large environment where you can get lost.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: A stable and successful company.

Cons: i dont have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: great support at this company people who want the best for you

Cons: Long hours due to various locations of team members
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work arrangements, good benefits

Cons: Slow pace means no fast changes and no excitement.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to watch the grass grow.

Cons: Multiple layers of management, White elephant
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly HR policies, Flexible working hours

Cons: There was too much domestic travel.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the international travel. Comp and benefits are very good.

Cons: Attrition rate is pretty high
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is better than most of the other companies.

Cons: A very high performance environment which can be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, benefits, teamwork, PEOPLE, opportunity

Cons: There are little cons if any at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Very diverse and inclusive.

Cons: none that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work - a lot of long time employees

Cons: outdated,
slow paced,
below industry pay,
not competitive,
mediocre perks
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance,
friendly culture,
learning opportunities,
comfortable,
good pay for first job

Cons: The pay is a little less than average
Advice: None
Pros: Home and work life balance is a priority

Cons: SAP is a very kind company
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a very great company

Cons: Ladder climbing work environment 
Teams do not work well together inside the company
Advice: None
Pros: High paying
Good benefits
Flexible schedule
Polite coworkers

Cons: Large scale corporation so there are a lot of people
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment of people and leaders

Cons: I can't tell any Cons about SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits and work remotely

Cons: Rigid and somewhat inflexible, German language built into code, centrally run
Advice: None
Pros: Global Company, market leader, established platform

Cons: Pay is not that great
Advice: Take care of your employees
Pros: WLB, Culture, good technology, world-class Clients

Cons: Politics, some people do nothing and advance!
Advice: Start listening to your workforce
Pros: Flexible, benefits, work from home, decent salary

Cons: There are no Cons to report at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Company that cares about their employees
Great Compensation

Cons: Nothing no cons about the company i think about.
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work and build career.

Cons: too many laborious processes in certain groups
Advice: None
Pros: employee and customer centric
leadership is people oriented

Cons: Like many large companies, leadership disruptions/changes frequently and trickles down
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance, benefits and products

Cons: Can sometimes. be very bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to try new roles within the company
Good benefits
Great network
