Cons: In the past, middle and front line managers were not A+ talent but this seems to be improving.    The job is hard....if you are looking for easy big money - this is not the place for you.    Big company means "run simple" is just a tag line - not a reality.  Product mgmt slow to make the changes that really matter to the customer - but getting better.
Advice: New Hire product training for presales is non existent.   You hire people with 5-10 yrs experience in sales/presales and then send them to 101 sales skills / soft skills for a week.    New hires already have this - that is why they were hired.   They need specific PRODUCT training.   Make certain direct managers actually bring value to the people they manage.   There are a few in management that should have never been put in that role.    Management generally does not have the bandwidth to actually support their team on deals. 
Talk is all about getting employee feedback - do this more with your own employees.   Ask the questions that really matter - not just high level ones.
Pros: They are very focused on taking care of their employees.   Top management does a lot of Town Hall Meetings to share vision.   They have a big focus on diversity and giving back to the community.   Great benefits and care a lot about work/life balance and putting family first.   For key product such as Finance &amp; HR - earnings potential is the highest in the industry.

Cons: So much change happening here, that it's slows the pace of operations... But not because things are getting done... because of the enormous amount of technical and organizational debt. Things move glacially slow here in comparison to other companies in the greater Seattle area. Other business groups seem to want to drag their feet for others, so that it takes forever to get anything done... like they are afraid. 

Sadly, they promote people to people management roles that aren't fit for the position. It's clear that people are not vetted as people managers, or are not given proper training and monitored. Poor behavior here not only goes unchecked, but it's buried organizationally, HR is not much help. 

It's also impossible to move around the company, there is no support for those wanting to pivot to other roles, and most managers offer none or absolutely bare-bones career growth guidance through the SAP Talk system, which pays you only in lip service. I don't even think the company has values that are culturally circulated. The fact that I don't know these should concern you.
Advice: Enable employees to lead and make change, allow them to move quickly, even if it means stirring the pot. Expect and demand that employees shine and bring innovation. Immediately squash with intent employees that promote unhealthy and toxic work culture, as this breeds acceptance of jerks and hurts your reputation. Encourage employees to move around and create an organizational structure for this to actually happen. You lose money and domain knowledge when employees quit.
Pros: Nice offices and free soda.

Cons: Given the size of the company and its many business units, it can be overwhelming to try and absorb all the knowledge, communications etc. of what's happening across all the organization/product groups/initiatives etc. to maintain a feeling that you're aware of everything happening that is outside of your day to day functional area/portion of the company. However, there are amazing tools and webinars, articles, announcements, emails etc. are all saved and shared to intranet resources so you can go back to it later when there are times you can't read and absorb it in real time.
Advice: You challenge us to strive for innovation and to bring our best to each day - for ourselves, families, colleagues and customers.  You set clear goals/objectives, craft strategies for achievement, communicate transparently and effectively across the organization and then enable us with tools and knowledge to strive to achieve and surpass those goals/objectives. Please continue leading us with transparency, energy and a never ceasing curiosity about the future of what's possible.
Pros: Industry Gold Standard in Technology &amp; Innovation
Stable, Growing Company with Rich History
Competitive Compensation &amp; Robust Benefits (*much better than standard)
Training/Tools to Help You Achieve in Your Functional Role
Growth Opportunities / Development as Person, Employee, Leader
Social Responsibility / Giving Back
Innovation - Seeking to Solve Client/Business/World Issues with Technology
Communication From Top Down - Executives Leading By Example
Huge Organization but Divisions/Teams/Employees are VALUED 
Work/Life Balance &amp; Colleagues You Respect

Cons: * I don't feel valued and respected as an employee with money/title included.
* Micro-promotions appear to be utilized to help limit growth of over-performers due to title inflation of already promoted under-performers. It's one thing to inflate one's importance and value wanting a promotion, it's another to see it rampant across multiple orgs.
* You must threaten to leave or leave then return to increase salary to market standards. Even with multiple promotions, cost of living out-paces promotion salary increases. I've been told "it sounds just like when I worked there many years ago."
* Lower bar on competency resulting in drowning out the all-stars. Unfortunately that results in all-stars leaving or losing passion/drive.
Advice: Employees learn that most will flatline their career growth the second they accept the offer. This is regardless of performance. It's not something that is disguised. Even with micro-promotions, employees quickly become undervalued in contrast to the market standards. Quitting or threatening to quit with a written offer shouldn't be the means to re-evaluate compensation.  Instead that only reduces employee loyalty. Why try if there's no appreciation or value for going above and beyond?
Pros: * Work/life balance.
* If you are hired in with a competitive pay, then they offer competitive pay.
* Everyone is nice!
* I feel valued and respected as an employee with money/title aside.

Cons: Incompetent management 
They call this title market development but a more accurate name would be cold calling robot. Very little opp for advancement. The best mdr on floor was passed up several times and ended up quitting because of it.Preferred networking over promoting talent. Lack of training. Mangers have little to no experience on the phones yet act like gods. Company culture has taken a steep dive in the last six months. Use to be a fun environment now you walk on the floor and it’s all silence and frowns. 
Turnover rate for this job is crazy! We lost almost 2-3 people per month. Someone actually last a year here is rare
Advice: Stop acting like camp councilors. Stop wasting time with “success principles”. Foster innovation and creativity instead of pushing useless metrics. Support stugiling MDRs instead of pushing them out. WFH is not a reward it’s a tool to help people have a healthy work life balance.  Stop with the silly games and useless metrics. Just let us do our jobs. Get RSEs and MDRs on same page. I shouldn’t have to convince rse to do their job. Work on data integrity. Stop telling people who they can and cannot interact with in the office. Develop and clear and precision training pipeline to help with the inbound to outbound transition.
Pros: Fair compensation
Young workforce
Free lacroix

Cons: Archaic leadership culture, no real sense of what makes a good people leader- this is the major area of focus needed by SAP. Still quite hierarchical, with many old school autocratic leaders lacking vision but excessively busy with tactical actions.  Lots of talk about the future of work and new structures but in action used a 30 yr ok approach to reorganizing instead of innovating how to do this humanly - could have been a think tanked opportunity to demonstrate real leadership and done it differently. What a missed opportunity!  Too many reorganization allow mediocre leaders with a new boss each year to be overlooked in their lack of real contribution.
Advice: Convene think tanks to develop new approaches to both major reorgs (recent downsizing) and annual reorgs. This is an old approach and orgs need to figure out how to do this more regularly more humanely, respectfully, and without demotivating the vast majority. You lost a ton of respect and commitment in this recent “purge” of highly talented and engaged people who were never even acknowledged or thanked for their efforts over the years. How appalling!
Pros: Significant opportunities to learn, with an innovation direction and strong technical innovation capability. CEO is inspiring but not humble.

Cons: Sales micro management is off the charts.  I am required to give comprehensive deal status reports once a week.  But in addition, I get 20 calls and emails daily asking for updates.  Sales Management is entirely focused on simple next closing steps, layers of managers are tripping over each other to have the very latest info.  I'm a high performer, will make over $500k this year, again.  I can leave an important meeting, take 3 or more calls from various managers within 2 hours, and be berated for not having updated our CRM system called Harmony.
Advice: Dial back the torrid pace of deal status.   Hire managers who actually understand customer business issues and SAP solutions and who can coach on solution selling.   The culture has shifted to a bunch of spreadsheet jockey managers , competing with each other to have the latest info.  A number of Account Executives are wondering if the $500k - $1m a year is worth it in this environment.
Second issue is declining compensation plans for over achievers.  Why are Management Stock Options uncapped, while Sales Plans for those who deliver revenue capped?
Pros: Good product set that works.

Cons: Concur's culture is going away since the acquisition with SAP. They are laying off or getting rid of roles to better align with SAP, but the amazing Concur people that have been there for years no longer have jobs and are being told to go find something else (writing on behalf of what I am seeing and not my own experience). My guess is that there will be an influx of Concur people that leave in the next 12 months if they haven't left already. Territories are getting smaller, quotas are going up but yet pay hasn't changed.
Advice: Really listen and pay attention to the Concur employees that have been there for years and make sure to hold onto some of the culture that Concur started with.  Consider revamping the pay grids as quotas continue to increase. 

Make sure when you are going to have a job opening... give everyone an opportunity to interview before making a decision. I have seen several people get promoted or move into other roles that pretty much received the role before the role was announced.
Pros: -People still love to use Concur
-The mobile app is amazing
-Concur is the forefront for SAP's cloud solutions

Cons: Half the time is lost in reorganization, strategy and turning away paying customers and chasing unicorns that do not exists. This is the same across our various units in different regions - Walldorf, Bangalore, US and Canadian offices.

Unfortunately, there is so much marketing hype, its now overwhelming for engineering! There is clearly a lack of direction and I am afraid we are running of the rails. We lost skillful experts through various cost cutting measures for bad executive decisions in different waves. Unless there is some serious introspection and course correction...I don’t see our company continuing to be a force in the enterprise business space beyond 2025!
Advice: We need to build good software that offers complete business functions with incremental changes that are innovative. Unfortunately, we are too caught up in being innovative and broadening the breath of our solution that we are losing sight of what made us a successful company! Maybe it’s time that we bring an engineer up the organization to fix this mess before it’s too late
Pros: Nice place to learn what you should never do if you have a chance to run a company. There are tons of constantly evolving initiatives to follow the hype curves and few very experienced and skillful people mostly in Germany from whom you can learn a lot!

Cons: - Working outside of the main office in Germany can feel like being a 2nd class citizen at times, where we are shut out from decision making and given less interesting work to do
- There is a trend in the company to build open floor plan offices without even cubicle walls. Developers are largely introverts working on tasks that require total concentration for hours at a time. It should be obvious that the open floor plan is a DISASTER for this kind of employee. It's hard to estimate precisely, but my productivity has dropped to probably 30% of what it was in a cubicle. Imagine the overall impact on employee morale, as well as the bottom line when you need to hire 3 people to do 1 person's job in this kind of environment.
Advice: Stop building new open floor plan offices for developers. Convert the existing ones back to cubicles. Better yet, give each Scrum Team their own large office that they can customize to their needs. Please!
Pros: - SAP treats its employees like human beings, not like batteries to be drained
- Lots of opportunities for training and advancement
- Good quality of life and relatively low stress

Cons: No real structure or discipline in how things were done. So when results were not met, there would be a reorganization, usually every 6 months. We were an acquisition so after a few years in these reorganizations they systematically moved  out the people who knew about the business and brought in the SAP lifers. Then they moved everyone under them on and brought in their buddies. The new senior managers would make arbitrary decisions on who the managers under them should be. It happened at least 6 times  in 3 years. The people working for the managers were way more qualified for the jobs, but not one of those positions were ever advertised. The management style was abusive, highly political, and no interest in developing employees.
Advice: Invest in educating employees on what the selling model is. Leave the managers in place long enough to be able to evaluate talent. Develop leaders properly and teach them to operate to the companies values. Manage change correctly.
Pros: Pay was excellent, benefits were good, flexibility in working remotely, good CEO. Had 6 bosses in 3 years.

Cons: This is a big place with lots of people. Organizations are complex and there's a lot of overlap. It can be hard to operate across organizational lines when you aren't even sure which organizations do what and owns what. It can feel like you're working within an amorphous blob that can only roll uphill or downhill. 

In addition the compensation strategy is poor. This is a sales driven company, everyone else is treated like "everyone else". Promotions are driven by "who's next in line" vs "who's deserving". Since compensation isn't driven by performance, they do try to be creative about finding other means to promote performance but those efforts generally fall flat and they themselves are funded enough to meet the demand. 

The compensation culture incentives position movement (even lateral ones) rather than performance to increase your compensation.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a big place, sometimes there's literally a job for every little task that can be thought of. If you are great at networking and self-promoting you could move around quite a bit within the company. There's a lot of fringe benefits and learning opportunities that are offered. Some are good for development and some are good for a nice distraction to your day to day.

Cons: - Pay isn't good. In the lesser side of the bay area margin.
- WLB is ok I guess. As in any other company in the bay area.
- Lot of politics around. Good idea to shut up and do your work wearing headphones.
- The company doesn't seem to be doing so well. I am seeing less money being spent on employee engagement. We used to have monthly outing and stuff a few years ago but now its once in like 4-5 months. SAP normally has a yearly outing to great america but they even cancelled that this year saying they need money for "processing other employees green card". I mean who says that ? That was so bizarre. We got some horrible food trucks where it took my 2 hours to get a small slider I am not even kidding. Overall with the recent layoffs and other small things going on here and there I am not very sure about the future about this company and looks like a sinking ship.
Advice: None
Pros: - Free Lunch and Recently added complimentary breakfast
- Amazing campus around palo alto 
- Good atmosphere and freedom for developers to use latest technologies to do their job
- Learning new stuff

Cons: Concur is the 800lb gorilla in the room and continues to be the market leader in the Travel &amp; Expense software.  Innovation and product improvements are the two areas that need more focus, but changing such a massive cloud based software product that is used by millions daily around the globe is a challenge, but they're making strides. SAP is one of the top 4 ERP and Business Suites giants in the world, but "Running Simple" is sometimes the hardest part of using SAP products.
Advice: Continue to innovate and change the landscape before it changes you.
Pros: Working at SAP Concur has been the most rewarding and fulfilling career opportunity I could have hoped for during my career building years (28 - 34+). I've been part of Concur pre-acquisition and post-acquisition (SAP) and the culture has not changed even in the slightest. The work-life balance, focus on health and wealth,  individual career and personal growth, and the complete buy-in from leadership has not changed. SAP is an amazing  global organization that does the right things and takes care of their people.

Cons: 1. SAP varies the benefits it offers its employees based on geography. Employees in the US, for example, get significantly less paid parental leave than those in Europe. 
Ex. In Europe, the *minimum* a new mother can take is 15 weeks, and she can take up to 26. In the US, the *maximum* is 12 weeks. 

For a company that talks a lot about taking care of its employees, it seems somewhat hypocritical to treat them all differently, working within the minimum guidelines laid down by law. 

2. Internal raises and salary increases are fairly stagnant. Practically the only way to get a significant raise within SAP is to get a new job in a different department. This is awful, because then those with much higher expertise and product knowledge just... leave. Regular actual raises for increased expertise and product knowledge would save SAP a fortune in hiring and training newbies, as well as improve employee morale and help retain good workers.
Advice: 1. Regular raises to employees
2. Better benefits
Pros: Genuinely fosters a sense of caring about employees
Great company culture
Fairly competitive salaries
Good benefits

Cons: Pay is never the highest. The pace of change can be slow for those that want to come and change things quickly but this deliberation also helps with stability.
Advice: Focus on top talent and try to retain them. Be creative.
Pros: I have plenty of flexibility in my work hours. Since I work on a truly global team there is no need to be at the office although the office is wonderful and most SAP locations have special access suites for lawyer office which means no fighting for meeting rooms. There are several programs that allow you to expand your experience- The fellowship program and the experience exchange program. One allows you jump into another job role entirely for 6 mos or more and sometimes in international locations. The latter program is a shorter job shadowing or project secondments in other departments which also comes with a travel budget. Employee engagement is valued and worked on. Every location in SAP worldwide has free lunches and some places free breakfast.

Cons: Our team, and therefore jobs, were constantly changing due to overhauls in higher-up management and their ideas of improvement, which were executed without too much thorough research into the existing work we were doing. It often felt like we had to start over with initiatives and ideas we already had in the works, only to never convince decision makers that they were truly worthwhile. Sort of led us to feel behind, compared to the rest of the specific industry we were working in.
Advice: Get to know the various teams under your management well and investigate the incredible work they are doing before you rearrange and eliminate. Otherwise, competitive edge feels like it could dwindle.
Pros: Supportive and casual work environment, at least in my location. Flexible hours and left to mostly self-manage (though I'm sure this depends on your team), which really gave me the freedom and peace of mind to work out my own rhythm and flow for better quality output.

Cons: There are times when great ideas are being patented but at the end of the day are not being reduced into practice (implemented), maybe due to lack of resources and/or difference in the R&amp;D priority, and/or maybe due to over focusing.
Advice: When steering our big ship in today's rough waters, besides the need to continue  to innovate and use newest technologies for our customers, we should allocate more efforts into the Eco systems on a global scale. Engaging with bigger and smaller ship so as to create an armada, to enjoy and gain from the power of the combination, since the dissemination and absorption of knowledge is one of the keys to long distance sailing.
Pros: Diversity, inclusion, and respect for others.
The culture of sharing ideas.
The drive to make the company's strategy a reality for our customers.
Make our customers run simple is not just a slogan, it is carved in our working spirit , it is part of our company DNA, because we care !

Cons: There's always more room for collaboration between teams so as to avoid duplicative work.
Advice: Bill is an inspiring leader and I always feel fired up after he addresses the employee community! So, more Bill.
Pros: I was referred to SAP by a former colleague. The company was on my radar but I never had a good understanding of their business. I learned more through the recruiting process and was blown away to hear about their impact on the world's business community. They power so many companies across the globe! What really hooked me in and got me interested in working at the company was their employee value proposition tagline of "Bring Everything You Are, Become Everything You Want." That assured me that SAP could be a place where I could innovate within my specialty and grow my career. I've been with the company for almost nine months and I can honestly say it's an awesome place to work and grow. Superior benefits, great programs and workshops, honest and inspiring coworkers... coolest place I've worked in my career!

Cons: Sometimes certain elements of vision can get clouded through the vastness of a 100K employee company, but you truly can seek out lots of information about where SAP is headed internally and educate yourself.  There are also normal pains of navigating a large organization to find the right resources, but SAP is committed to "Run Simple" and we're making improvements.
Advice: Keep up the good work in keeping employees informed and motivated.  We have a great path forward and we can execute well if we're all together!
Pros: I have so many positive things to say about SAP.  Although the company is large, there are abundant resources and people to connect with to further your career.  I have spent time at a small startup and SAP often has that small-company energetic, change-the-world vibe and I know that is rare or nonexistent in large companies elsewhere. The Executive Leadership is trustworthy and transparent.  Motivation to do your best work abounds, I really enjoy working here.

Cons: It is a very large organization, and sometimes management decisions get made at higher levels that don't truly make sense to the operational colleagues (this can happen anywhere though!).  It can also be difficult to find the right people for your questions / needs when the company is this large.  Finally, because there is always change and many challenges, the workload can be a bit overwhelming at times, which can impact work life balance.
Advice: Overall, keep up the good work!  I'm proud to work for a company leading the industry both with their product and their employee experience!  Please just make sure that operational challenges and the fast-paced change don't overwhelm or overwork your employees!
Pros: Company has great benefits and lots of diversity.  Working in a global team provides all sorts of opportunities.  I work with some very talented people and there is always a lot of change and challenge!  I'm never bored!

Cons: Some of the technologies that are role-critical are dated and can make doing my job harder, which is very counterintuitive considering we're a tech company. There's a tinge of politics in certain parts of the business, but I wouldn't consider them to be a rampant problem especially considering the size of our company. Growth opportunities are definitely aplenty, but it can be overwhelming and difficult to progress depending on which BU you're in.
Advice: Be sure that values and ideologies are consistent in every part of the business, not just some!
Pros: There's a lot to love about SAP: amazing colleagues, global presence, learning and development opportunities, good benefits, the ability to work from wherever, and inspiring leadership. You are empowered to do your job without someone breathing down your neck, which is key.  There are a ton of growth opportunities (almost an overwhelming amount), and you're encouraged to seek out learning to broaden your horizons and shake up your day-to-day.  I love working here!

Cons: Can't trust what leadership promises or your terms of commission agreeements to be real. Presidents club, goal post changed mid-year (IE: Club target was one 100% of your annual number in January and is now 130% as of an early July announcement. Uncertain commissions (constant unexplained claw backs with no recourse, just have to accept you are not getting paid). Leadership is too weak in the cloud groups to do anything about any of it. Culture is changing in Sales. We used to feel appreciated especially at end of month and end of quarter pushes. Now it is just a nasty &amp; cold, build-your-own sandwich platter and SAP constantly finding any excuse to pay you less than you were promised and less than you deserve.
Advice: Pay your sales professionals what you promised instead of expecting them to become accountants because they can't trust you to pay them properly. Maybe instead of giving middle management excessive swag bags every year, just pay people what you promised you would pay them and let middle management buy . their own designer things.
Pros: Decent benefits, work/life balance, and a lot of products to sell.

Cons: - Company is too big and sometimes it's difficult to apply its own policies, however there are several efforts to reduce miscommunication and deliver simplification.
Advice: Recently, SAP announced that it would have achieved pay equality worldwide by early 2019.  Unfortunately, this is not true and there are lots of discrepancies. 
I was managing a team where employees from USA had higher salaries than their peers (men and women from other countries based in NA), even though they are executing the same functions. There were some cases, where employees had higher salaries than managers and we were a commercial team, not technical.
My advice is to follow what was shared with the employees last year: Equal Pay for Equal Work.
I’ve decided to leave this great company, because I couldn’t accept these discrepancies, specially with the level of responsibility that I used to have.
Pros: - Great culture
- Good benefits
- Excellent momentum in cloud businesses
- Excellent work/life balance
- Paternity leave

Cons: - oftentimes it feels like “work” is not a priority to most of the people here
- in general it’s really rare to find anyone that is truly experienced and has the skillsets reflecting on their years of experiences. You might find somebody’s got 6+ years of experiences and he only has an intern-level skillset. #truestory
- poor communication
- slow
- not a competitive pay
- as a result: lack growth, personally and professionally
Advice: There are some companies that are too big to move fast — I think SAP is one of them. I don’t have any advice besides encouraging the higher-ups to catch up your competitors.
Pros: - pretty flexible work schedule. Lots of people are usually not in the office
- work-life balance. You can work from home with various (or strange) reasons
- definitely a place for retirement life
- pay is alright

Cons: I was hesitant to share this but was encouraged by other reviews of colleagues who seemed to have faced similar experiences with HR.  SAP HR has a history of not supporting women who are facing harassment in the workplace.  They are slow to act and when they do they will ask the person who reported the situation to  make all the adjustments.  Unless you escalate it, those accused of harassment will face little penalty while those who experienced it are made to feel guilty for even reporting it.
Advice: If you are going to say you stand by women and support gender equality, live those words.
Pros: Once you’re in, there’s good opportunity to navigate your career and switch to other areas as your interest evolve and adapt.

Cons: Far less opportunity and investment for mid-long term talent and individual contributors (new, early talent)
Self-promoting individuals are common and have seen many promoted to the point of incompetence.
Internal complexity: processes, operating model
Advice: Spend more time developing middle management
Leverage the investment already made in longtime employees, individual contributors (experts) in non-technical roles too. The institutional knowledge and business savvy differentiates them and can help elevate or even accelerate the new talent coming in.
Pros: The people: Improving diversity, strong talent and expertise
Culture: Customer first focus, strong values, competitive, a bit of change fatigue but adapting
Benefits offered provide great options you can make work for your needs,  including medical, vision, dental, pet, domestic partner., flex time
Competitive salary
Very progressive, innovative thinking and ability to gain amazing experience
Strong Learning/Training and Development Programs

Cons: - As many big organization, the integration of the different areas is some time more difficult than it should be
Advice: - Improve channels to communicate across different divisions. They may already exist, but by my only 2 years in the organization, I have not had the opportunity to know about them.
Pros: - Collaboration cross borders: Human Collaboration, Technology Collaboration
- Innovation: Everyone has a voice at time of Innovation
- Diversity: Express yourself, incredible respectful environment for the inclusion of everyone, again everyone voice is heard.
- Just the best place to be: You can perform at your best and be even greater by the support of extraordinary professionals in our internal and external network.
- Management Open Door: Ready to hear our concerns and opportunities, providing recommendation to improve our career within the company and guidance when needed.

Cons: *It's pretty hard to take advantage of all that the company has to offer - including paid time off and training and development opportunities - for both infrastructure and external client facing functions. Although programs exist for employees to do whatever they want, culture does NOT encourage work-life balance.  There is a trade-off in order to be a part of this organization. "Work hard, play hard" with emphasis more on setting expectations higher and higher each individual productivity and output each year - without improving processes in a meaningful way ...
Advice: Learn how to say NO or set realistic expectations with leadership in terms of what your teams can and cannot do.
Pros: Company pays well
Great Benefits
Constantly Innovating
Progressive company culture - unlimited time off, allows large % of employees to work from home, offers plenty of training and development opportunities

Cons: It is a large organization so there are some negative consequences that go along with that. it is that same fact that provides so much opportunity but working through some of it can be frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been able to move around with ease and have found a role that is well suited for my talents, gives me an opportunity to learn and grow as well as the flexibility that I want for my life. Not every role is like that but the best part of SAP is that there is a role out there that will fit exactly what you want if you go out, look for it and are open to something new. They do not limit you based on your geographic location for all roles because of the acceptance of remote and global teams. I am happy that I made the switch to SAP 2 years ago.

Cons: Significantly low pay compared to other jobs in the Bay Area. No clear company agenda. Too many managers which create a huge disconnect. Many managers are unqualified and upper management only care about numbers and not results. Trust in management is super low, especially after the huge layoffs in March. Tech stack is old and becoming obsolete. Progress is slow. Unless you’re planning on retiring soon, staying for more than a few years in SAP is career suicide. That’s a reason why many employees have a hard time leaving the company and those who do end up leaving for MS, Salesforce, Workday, etc.
Advice: Be more transparent. Hopefully that can help in improving the low trust in management that employees have.
Pros: Good 401k matching. Good place to learn about enterprise software.

Cons: Zero visibility to those on the ground. All major decisions are made in Germany, and are often shortsighted and/or senseless. Developers who aren't in Waldorf or Bangalore often get the short end of the stick, while expecting to conform to half-year deadlines. Teams are spread out across timezones, making it difficult to collaborate effectively. Core backend technology is severely outdated and causes a lot of problems with modern client-side application implementations (i.e. mobile).
Advice: Listen to your bottom line. Don't make pie-in-the-sky decisions based on what the latest "hot trend" is, and try to adapt it to your 1970's COBOL-knockoff backend. Fix what is broken first, then try to move forward.
Pros: It's a tech company. Pay is reasonable, given the lowball "salaries" (if one is lucky to have one) that have become standard in the economy. Benefits are good.

Cons: I hope you like emails :) 
If you try and go it alone you may feel overwhelmed, if you run with the best you will go far.
Advice: Keep the promise and continue to trust in your employees. Lead the way by setting a clear path for us to walk on.
Pros: The flexible working hours at SAP allows me to make the most of my day and avoid time sinks such as heavy traffic. Continuous learning is strongly encouraged and I am able to hone my craft working on a diverse range of projects.  I've personally never felt closer to this world we live on as I get to work with amazing colleagues globally towards our goal of improving peoples lives. There is a structure and trust that exists within SAP that i have yet to find elsewhere.

Cons: --The size brings with it enormous benefits for customers and employees...but it's not always easy to navigate.  That's the nature of the beast...not a product of poor strategy...and if you take advantage of the support network provided, it's easy to overcome.  People are very willing to help...
Advice: Continue to inspire...but don't become too disconnected from the field.  To do that...you have to continue to empower the leaders in the organization who don't have a "C" title to do more for the business...including integrating across the aisle.
Pros: --Great technology...the vision/strategy of the company is well aligned with customers' needs and with how businesses are transforming their organizations
--The culture is not "cut-throat"...there's a real focus on community, equality, work-life balance...it's more than lip-service...there' a real respect for people.  That's not saying we're not competitive as hell...

Cons: I have worked in a few companies over my career, and SAP stands out as a best place to work.  Nothing is perfect, but the grass is not  greener on the other side.  Providing management actionable feedback is the way to go.  I am staying at SAP - they listen and act - yeah Qualtrics!
Advice: Suggest all CEEs are required to participate in User Conferences with Customers; today we need to qualify.  The value add from a relationship standpoint, hearing from customers in such a setting, is invaluable.  We are closer to customers from an ongoing perspective than AEs.
Pros: Ethical, Innovative - and expands innovation in multiples through Partners, Visionary, Senior Management pushes Wellness to employees, Inclusive culture, Listens to Customers and uses their boots on the ground feedback to enhance products .

Cons: Customers use tools that slice and dice and act real nice while employees use junk that crashes and can't talk to other junk that goes clunk.
3 of the 4 worst managers in my career have worked for SAP and I worked under them.
HR doesn't have a backbone even after a department investigation with glaring evidence.
Processes are so choking that you literally fight to get your job done.
Customers are always right even though they can be dead wrong.
Managers can team up with customers and it can be the customer and your manager vs you.
Medical got a little expensive.
Advice: Fix the cons
Pros: I was paid well.
Being acquired was life changing.
SAP knows how to throw a company party.  Good, clean fun.
Benefits were good.
The CEO was warm and personable.
I could work from home so I could go to routine medical appointments.

Cons: Delivery executives and project managers can be tough to deal with and are not the best people on earth

Thick skin people in the organization never respond and don’t care to reach back to you

Too many silos in the organization where one arm doesn’t know what the other arm does. 
Lack of diversity at top
Advice: Remove barriers and silos and make it a global and transparent
Provide transparency in product information instead of asking consultants to network to hunt for the same
Fire some of the delivery executives who know nothing on how to deliver a project and have no SI experience
Pros: Great access to all training and learning material
Great network of consultants and product developers
Good competitive benefits. Very good insurance and 401k match
Global company and great number of opportunities to work globally
Clients respect and listen as you are SAP

Cons: SAP is transforming to meet the needs of its customers and this causes a lot of change that can upset people that have been in the company for a while as change is always challenging.
Advice: Keep communicating the vision and strategy as it relates to the operational changes as that eases the concern and sometimes frustration people feel. Continue to drive forward the Customer First approach as all colleagues rally around our customer's best interest. Continue to drive out redundancy where we find it so we can continue to streamline our business and run as efficiently as possible.
Pros: The people I have had the pleasure of working with for the last six years. SAP colleagues are welcoming, collaborative and always come together for the common good of SAP and SAP's customers.

Cons: Somewhat high or increasing performance metrics.
Advice: None
Pros: Concur is an incredible place to start a career if you're interested in sales. The culture is absolutely amazing and the energy on the Market Development floor is incredible. 

I came into the role without much experience in Tech or Sales and leadership is so encouraging to help you learn and grow and coach you along all the way. The atmosphere is very collaborative but competitive as well which keeps it fun. The role gives you a lot of autonomy and lets you manage your territory how you want, as long as your proving results. 

Opportunity for growth is astonishing within Concur and Market Development is considered a large pool of internal promotion candidates. I received two promotions in my first 7 months.

Cons: We seem to be a very engineering-driven organization, which is he only thing that frustrates me at SAP -- we are not well funded to do our jobs in marketing and are continually asked to do more with less budget.  Some potential growth areas are so underfunded we are actually missing growth opportunities.  This is not limited to budget, but also to headcount to get things done. My teams have continued to shrink while adding more responsibility.
Advice: Please consider proper funding for all areas of the business.
Pros: Competitive Salary, and benefits. Great flexibility to work from home. Excellent stock purchase plan. In 13 years I've never gotten less than 100% of my bonus. Pretty amazing considering some of the economic downturns weathered since 2006!

Cons: It's a huge company and sometimes it can be hard to navigate your way around a specific need. I.e. there are multiple internal tools that don't clearly connect together. You really have to dig your way around to find what's the best way to submit a request.
Advice: For remote employees, have a few regional activities once a quarter to increase rapport within teams in the same geo.
Pros: The culture is overall very geared towards providing good experiences for employees and clients. There's a lot of attention given to ensuring employees find a healthy work/life balance with multiple classes and activities to reinforce it. My team within Learning Services is very open, varied, and intelligent. I'm proud of the work we do every day.

Cons: Do to our size and acquisitions ... there is quite a bit of organizational overlap ... but this certainly gets minimized overtime as product integrations are further facilitated and driven across the global org.
Advice: Organic growth is a lot harder than acquisition.  It will take time ... do not rush into consolidation of functions &amp; areas so quickly - the best will drive the change needed to effectively move forward.  Sure, we'll experience revenue pain in the short run, but only for the first 12-18 mos.  be patient!! if we can...
Pros: Flexibility to work and contribute effectively virtually.  SAP C/4HANA and its specific cloud offerings empowers employees across all LoBs to better connect with and serve customers

Cons: Meetings at odd hours (9pm 6am, midnight) to accommodate timezone differences.

The technical aspects of a project may be a little mundane, there's some innovation but you're usually bounded by corporate constrains (e.g. project was scuttled because it used golang).  All the other things politics that you'd imagine from working for a large company.
Advice: None for local management, they did a great job.  C level should reconsider it's restructuring programs, they let too many good developers walk out the door and penalize other developers (in a different location) with projects they can't hope to consume or manage.
Pros: Great work/life balance, benefits, excellent compensation, intelligent colleagues.

Cons: Large Enterprise accounts (classified as $1B rev and above) will get ALL the attention and will siphon off the lion's share of the best selling opportunities
Some partners have a little too much control over accounts than the industry norm (which can hurt individual SAP rep contributions)
Until you surpass 50% of your quota a sales rep will NOT make much money (after that you'll start to crush it in accelerators)
Advice: Keep it up !  Support the sales troops !
Pros: Best-in-class Enterprise Software
ERP &amp; best-of-breed point (wedge) solutions to offer
World's biggest $$ revenue Tier 1 organizations running SAP
Global name recognition on any call
World-Class teams available to support Sales opportunities
Annual User Group conference SAPPHIRE is way better quality than Oracle Open World

Cons: No work from home unless you are sick. Deals/good accounts are given to the same tenured reps, over and over again. You spend more time focusing on what you need to say to leadership in deal reviews v. finding new business. No time off allowed in December. Pay is less than similar jobs with better opportunities to succeed.
Advice: You’ve made some changes and it’s appreciated. Please review what other top software companies do to retain top talent.
Pros: Great company as a whole IF you work outside of US Commercial/Mid-Market Sales. Great brand recognition, nice office, company doesn’t mind spending money to ensure you have everything you need to be successful.

Cons: Fast pace
pains that come with fast growth
Advice: The cloud business is experiencing phenomenal growth, but our organization isn’t growing as fast to support this growth. Invest to support the growth appropriately in all areas.
Pros: Over the last 13 years, I’ve had the opportunity to work with dozens of companies and some of the biggest name on the Fortune 500 and I haven’t seen encountered a company close to SAP with the full package.
SAP is the market leader in the cloud. Bar none. 
The company has a great total compensation package with some of the most competitive benefits.
You’ll work with some of the smartest, hard working folks in the industry, and above make friends for life.

Cons: Incredibly slow paced. Skewed understanding of 'innovation' and 'change'. Be prepared to use lots of outdated, inefficient processes and tools. Little to no direct support with HR or IT (all remote and buried in hard-to-find dashboards). Unclear goals around growth. Design and user experience is a rock-bottom priority. Upper management takes on meaningless roles and overlooks IC needs.
Advice: None
Pros: Chill work environment, some people stay at the company for decades. Stable day-to-day and friendly people. If you push really hard and own projects, you can create small ripples of change. Your team depends drastically on what part of the product you work on, some can be amazing. Lots of volunteering and learning opportunities (conferences/learning tool stipends, etc). Great work-life balance. Great support for internal growth.

Cons: - compensation is very poor for the standards of Bay area
- No learning from work after few months 
- Tech stack is still old
- Managers are not clear about the goals and often keep repeating whatever the upper management says
- every team has a resource crunch always 
- Food from foccacia sucks (successfactors SSF)
Advice: Please be transparent to the employees and revise the salary for all the roles (I can speak for engineering )
Pros: - you get plenty of time to complete the work 
- Flexible work from home options
- lot of opportunities for fellowships
- people are friendly and helpful
- good work life balance
- lot of fun activities oraganized for employee and their family

Cons: - lots of night-time meetings with india development center, including frequent meetings on sunday nights and other non-work hours
- management cares much more about politics than technical details
- lip service paid to quality but very little action
- almost all growth seems to be targeted for india, which means the silicon valley office is stagnant
- they laid off all of San Ramon office just to save on building costs, implying that bean counters are in charge
Advice: don't just pay lip service to quality!
Pros: - probably the "least evil" of the big software companies
- very big on sustainability/environmentalism/social consciousness
- fantastic bike commuter program
- great layoff package

Cons: The processes required for release often get in the way of providing a true Agile environment.
Advice: I was also a victim of the recent layoffs. I felt that the whole ordeal was handled poorly. Groups of individuals were let go just because they belonged to a certain segment of the company. I feel that no thought was given in evaluation of the groups and their products/services.
Pros: SAP offers great work flexibility and great benefits. They are very accommodating to family needs and encourage family over work.

Cons: Very poor management overall. Pittsburgh management was asking employees to lie to potential clients by their work experience. No on boarding of new hires so they can exhibit  SAP methodologies. Training is very poor. It's e-learning (on your own tim. e), which is a joke. We were required to make up extra work when taking full time training courses.  We had a manager from India, who had zero talent espousing SAP's culture and values. Employees at Big 4 consulting companies train their employees better.
Advice: Get new management. The ones you are importing are horrible.
Pros: No overtime. Halo effect by being employed there.

Cons: Pay could be a little more competitive with local IT firms. Would love to see the 401-K match hit 1%. Not a whole lot of opportunity to move up, so it's good that people can shape their roles (they may be there a while).
Advice: Keep up the great work -- you've built what is probably the best all-round IT employee experience in Seattle!
Pros: Ranked a "Best Place to Work"  by Fortune and Glassdoor for good reasons -- solid pay, benefits and office/home flexibility. Lots of learning and skill development opportunities. Plenty of opportunity for more experienced employees to put their accumulated expertise to work in an environment that allows the the best thinking to win.

Cons: Direction changes frequently
Programs are rolled out before they are ready
Upper management really doesn't have a handle on what is happening at the lower levels in the trenches
Cookie Cutter Programs for customers don't fit all
Standardized deliverables are often administrative in nature
Too many places for customers to find information
Advice: Keep the positive focus going. 

Relax on the standardized cookie cutter style of delivering services to customers.  Make sure all pieces of programs to customers are complete and ready for prime time before rolling them out.  Centralize information sources for customers.
Pros: Very positive culture which comes from the top
Employees are treated well and appreciated
Focus on community service and giving back
Good pay and benefits

Cons: The biggest issue I have is how LARGE the company is.  Sometimes, something that should be simple (like getting a P.O. issued) takes an inordinate amount of time.  It can be soul-crushing.  But luckily, the good far outweighs the bad.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been at SAP for over five years and I love my boss, my coworkers, and my job.  I work with really smart people and I constantly have opportunities to develop my skills and take stretch assignments. I am challenged every day and I feel like I can make a difference every day.  I really love it here.

Cons: Company has grown too big; countless acquisitions (to increase cloud revenue) have taken a toll on customers and employees (loss of core values and culture); senior executives from “outside” (Mala Anand) with very limited SAP product/industry experience; unclear/missed cloud strategy leading to mass layoffs
Advice: Recognize that SAP’s human capital is its most important asset. Mass layoffs may be a short-term solution to satisfy shareholders, but the long-term effects are already visible.
Pros: Good benefits package (US); unique enterprise software solutions; great customer footprint; many internal opportunities (although limited to lower career levels)

Cons: Technology:

Like most software companies, you're limited to using propritery software.  This is career limiting if and when you leave the company.  If you accept a job at this company I recommend you continuously pursue your own training outside of work to remain current with the latest software.

Management:

Your direct manager can make it or break it for you.  I worked for both good and poor managers during my tenure and the experience is so drastically different it's like working for two different companies.
Advice: Not everyone is fit to manage a team.
Pros: Remote work opportunities.  Cafeteria.

Cons: Technology:

Like most software companies, you're limited to using propritery software.  This is career limiting if and when you leave the company.  If you accept a job at this company I recommend you continuously pursue your own training outside of work to remain current with the latest software.

Management:

Your direct manager can make it or break it for you.  I worked for both good and poor managers during my tenure and the experience is so drastically different it's like working for two different companies.
Advice: Not everyone is fit to manage a team.
Pros: Remote work opportunities.  Cafeteria.

Cons: Career progression can be slow as people appreciate what SAP offers and tend to remain in their positions for a very long time.  Environment can become slow due to the many silos (siloed businesses) that make SAP.
Advice: Continue to drive but further accelerate the move towards becoming ONE SAP.  A best of suite cloud company that seamless integrates the full portfolio for the benefit of our customers.
Pros: Surrounded by brilliant people, each best in their field.  Building solutions that truly help the world run at it best.  Always in forefront of technology.  Fantastic learning opportunities.  Never a dull moment.

Cons: So far cannot think of any cons about this company.
Advice: None
Pros: At SAP what I found amazing is their policies. This company truly respects diverse culture. It has a highly competitive but a very respectful environment. Everyone`s ideas are heard &amp; motivated. Company sees those ideas as opportunity to do something better for the customers, employees.
Autism at work program is fabulous.
There are many health and fitness based programs.
Good work life balance.
Great learning opportunities.
Very structured.
Good transparency between higher management and employees.
Good employee centric initiatives in all the policies.
Customer focus products &amp; approach.
Truly a great company that helps runs businesses, people lives, world run better.

Cons: - Occasionally you can be reminded of a big-company feeling
- Too many solution portfolios sometimes compete for the same resources
- A need for greater attention to our acquisitions to work better with the core solutions
Advice: - Keep the focus on customer success
- Keep supporting initiatives that break organizational barriers
- Continue to invest in the integration of our core and acquired products
Pros: - Strong customer focus with a belief in a bigger purpose to make the whole world a better place for all
- Laser focus on delivering innovations to transform customer's business
- Very collaborative culture
- Management is honest and candid
- Very employee-friendly company with great benefits

Cons: As with all large companies you wont get away from layers of management and office politics but that is not unique to SAP.  Being a large public company there is hyper focus on quarterly results sometimes getting in the way of innovation.
Advice: Mix in a little product innovation with R&amp;D dollars instead of the bottom line quarterly results a little more.
Pros: Very large company so many different opportunities in various career paths.  International opportunities.  Great benefits and company culture.  Great lower cost living location for the North America HQ for a tech company.  Flexible work/life balance.

Cons: If you want to be in Sales here, you have to be very patient as it may take awhile to get ramped up.  Also, this company is meant for large enterprise sales, but those sales can take awhile to come to fruition.  There is a lot of wasted effort and the role can be difficult if you aren't prepared for it.
Advice: Make the products work together.
Pros: I love the companies vision and the focus on the environment and really cool internal goals that we have.  The people I have worked with have been awesome.

Cons: Alternated between fear and chaos. If your employer is acquired by SAP you will be bullied by more management than you ever thought possible along with your customers. Sales who don’t understand your product will sell impossible solutions to their on- premise customers. Expect to be blamed for disasters. Threatening emails will be directed to you from high above to “Protect our on premise business at all cost”!
Advice: Are you really committed to the cloud?
Pros: Good benefits, solid financials. If you don’t like your manager, wait 10 minutes. International colleagues were a pleasure to work with.

Cons: Expect to always be on and available to respond to work items/issues.  Demanding environment w/quarterly expectations high.
Advice: Continue to refocus employees on the things that matter and make swifter decisions on workforce priorities (especially in Germany).  Continue to simplify complex business processes and invest in the technologies to stay nimble to compete against cloud native organizations.
Pros: Great technology company that has pivoted successfully to cloud and is a trused partner for the customer.  They treat employees fairly and there is a lot of  opportunity to work in different capacities at SAP.  Decent worklife/balance w/proper work expectations.

Cons: Average Pay
Poor management
Uncertain future with Ariba merger
Work/life balance could be better - not much regard for employees in this regard
Poor/limited training
Poor documentation
Siloed organization structure - teams seem to compete and not collaborate
Advice: Now that merger with Ariba has been confirmed teams need to understand the vision.  We have seen a number of people let go and continue to see this take place.  I know that more information is coming in Q2 and I hope that it will provide a better sense of what the future holds - however, people are getting nervous and I think that you are risking the loss of some talented people.  

Also, now is the time to look for stronger management in general.  As we combine with Ariba having strong managers that can position employees and teams well will be imperative.  With a number of managers, I get the sense that there is a level of complacency.  The thought seems to be that Fieldglass will not change or that the situation will improve in general.  I don't know that anyone in the ranks believes that either outcome is probable.  When companies merge the winner (Ariba in this case) generally dictates the outcome.   The company line is that the combined org will grow, but, where the growth will take place has not been communicated.  If the growth is in CA or offshore that growth is meaningless to many at Fieldglass.

Also, the coming merger seems to have put a chilling effect on people helping one another.  There is a feeling of musical chairs that is pervasive and makes us far less collaborative.  I think that newer employees will have some challenges given the current environment unless managers can turn matters around.
Pros: Work from home
Some great people 
Good benefits

Cons: If you want to be in Sales here, you have to be very patient as it may take awhile to get ramped up.  Also, this company is meant for large enterprise sales, but those sales can take awhile to come to fruition.  There is a lot of wasted effort and the role can be difficult if you aren't prepared for it.
Advice: Make the products work together.
Pros: I love the companies vision and the focus on the environment and really cool internal goals that we have.  The people I have worked with have been awesome.

Cons: SAP's culture is fairly process intensive, which can be a burden for some. The more we're intertwined with SAP (company was acquired through acquisition) the more siloed our roles are becoming. Some of that is natural in large companies.

Technology is moving quickly, but many aspects are controlled and guided by central architecture which doesn't leave a ton of room for flexibility.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology is evolving rapidly (at least in the Cloud based offerings) which is fun for the development community, the compensation and PTO time is good, and individuals can control their own pace to some degree (work/life balance).

Cons: 2020 Insurance Premiums just came out and there is a huge spike.  My colleague who has just herself on the plan saw a 100% increase in her monthly premium for 2019 vs. 2020.  Mine is increasing by a minimum of 17%.  Annual raises are minimal at best - during a time that the company is trying to boost revenue for shareholders... their workforce is most definitely feeling the impact!
Advice: Take care of your people.  Don't give just 24 hours notice for your employees to be able to join and benefits Q&amp;A - especially when there are such substantial changes to plans, premiums, deductibles, out of pocket maximums, etc.
Pros: Don't get me wrong, there is a lot to love about this company - mostly the people you work alongside.

Cons: Like other tech companies, expect a continuous flow of change within the organization. It can be confusing at times. If you find that unsettling, this probably isn't the right industry for you.
Advice: None
Pros: I came to SAP through an acquisition more than 7 years ago. While it can be tricky (and confusing) at times to navigate the continuous changes that occur at tech companies, I really appreciate the positive and collaborative culture at SAP. Nearly all colleagues I've worked with at SAP are truly nice people who are focused on making a positive impact to the company and its customers.

Cons: Big company, so there are a ton of resources, teams, and onboarding training which can be complex to navigate at first.
Advice: I love how management is always supportive, engaged, and available to build their teams. Continuing to offer face-to-face interactions and team building experiences is going to be critical -- it's helped our team continue to make great strides and measureable impacts in our markets. Communication and collaboration in this digital age is so important!
Pros: Flexible workspace, fun and connected culture, supportive environment, focused on growth and learning, innovative, collaborative

Cons: What Steve started was a genuine SAAS company. Things went down downhill once the large corporation SAP bought out the company. It seems as though SAP's only interest is to slash off Concur's work force and cripple its operations. I can't believe that Concur's leadership at Chief-level aren't able to do anything to stop this.
Advice: Concur SAAS has a market share and SAP's operational decisions made for Concur  could be a conflict of interest given that SAP itself is a SAAS company now or trying to become one, with very little success!
Pros: What it used to be was an open-minded start-up culture. But this is not the company that Steve started anymore after SAP took control!

Cons: Processes and procedures (that are necessary) can feel confining.
This is sort of a con, but actually a plus. You have to learn to connect and collaborate so that your work and development integrates and aligns with other projects and technology directions.
Advice: Love the interaction and Q&amp;A at all-hands meetings.
Pros: Embraces diversity and sees our differences as a strength for the company.
Proactive placing women in management/leadership roles.
Forward-looking and transforming the company to meet the needs of 21st Century users.
Great training, upskilling, and mentor resources available.
Opportunity to work with global colleagues, expand your own point-of-reference.

Cons: - Terrible compensation at SAP silicon valley/bay area. Even though I have always been a top performer in my team (I've been SAP Catalyst for several times), even with my promotions/progressions I have stayed at 70% of my level's median salary. Raises have been around 3-4%. My only option (I'm bound to SAP through my Visa and slow GC processing) was to switch to a company SAP acquired, which I did. Suddenly, it was the most normal thing in the world to be paid 100% of my level's median salary.
- Slow Green Card processing - I'm not affected by this, but many of my peer complain about it. SAP uses Fragomen for Visa processing and they are terribly slow. Expect for a single email to answered by Fragomen after 4 weeks, sometimes two months. Now figure how many years some people wait to just get their GC process started.
- Incompetent people &amp; product management - Most managers have no idea how cloud software is built and how dev teams have to be organized.
- Reporting lines across the ocean and back
- Terrible product quality: I do not know a single SAP product that I enjoy using. Everything is just hacked together.
- In the very end, no real value-creating work: Software development at SAP is mainly about stitching together acquisitions with our core. All the newer stuff (machine learning, IoT blockchain, etc.) is done at comparatively low investment (politically and with resources) mostly driven by non-technical people instead of "value engineering".
- I haven't seen a single "innovation" project succeed at SAP within the past 5 years (Leonardo, etc.). Everything is just stitched together somehow with no real strategy.
Advice: Let incompetent people go, pay better than Google and hire the best in the industry. Change people manager roles to engineering manager roles, up to the CTO.
Pros: Work-life balance
Beautiful campus in Palo Alto
Healthy Company Culture &amp; Values
Good Early Talent Programs
Great food on campus

Cons: 2020 Insurance Premiums just came out and there is a huge spike.  My colleague who has just herself on the plan saw a 100% increase in her monthly premium for 2019 vs. 2020.  Mine is increasing by a minimum of 17%.  Annual raises are minimal at best - during a time that the company is trying to boost revenue for shareholders... their workforce is most definitely feeling the impact!
Advice: Take care of your people.  Don't give just 24 hours notice for your employees to be able to join and benefits Q&amp;A - especially when there are such substantial changes to plans, premiums, deductibles, out of pocket maximums, etc.
Pros: Don't get me wrong, there is a lot to love about this company - mostly the people you work alongside.

Cons: LARGE BUSINESS COMPLEXITY:  the entrepreneurial spirit is real, but SAP still is a large enterprise, with a broad portfolio of software and there's just a layer (or layers) of complexity that's unavoidable.  Approvals are layered and things don't move as fast as you want/should. No worse than other places, better than many. 

RE-ORGs: all companies in tech go through reorganizations more frequently than companies in traditional fields like manufacturing, but SAP is somewhat known for moving teams and organizations around faster than average.  Depending on your role in the company, you could have a new focus in your job every year without actually moving to a new team. 

If you hate change and having to constantly learn new things, this will be challenging for you.  But if you get bored easily, this could be a positive even if it can be frustrating.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing - and keep rewarding innovation, simplification, and common sense.
Pros: CAREER FLEXIBILITY: I started my career in pre-sales, moved to product development, and  looking for a new challenge, I reinvented my career in marketing. I can't imagine another company where I'd have been able to reboot my career *with support from management* as I have here. 

COLLABORATIVE CULTURE: The level of collaboration here is really amazing. Talk to SAPers and the most common  "plus" you hear about the company is "the people"... Can't find information you're looking for? Send an email to someone you don't know who has that keyword in their profile, and no matter where in the world they are, they're going to help you or help you find someone with the information. I've never had someone say to me "that's not my job". It's amazing. And uncommon.

ENTREPRENEURIAL SPIRIT: SAP is big, but everyone I talk to agrees the thing we love is the way you can mold your role/job and career here - and if you decide you want to leave to try something different or you're taking a break from work to take care of family, and want to come back to SAP you'll find that additional experience viewed as a positive (and in the case of a break to care for children/family, you will find support for your re-entry).  That said, if you are someone who wants a job that's highly-directed (strong oversight, active management by your boss on a day to day basis with daily feedback/input) this is not going to be a place for you in most cases. This is a highly-independent work environment in the vast majority of cases.

CULTURE: I'm going to sound marketing-y for a minute, but imagine working for a company that is EDGE Certified (leading business certification for gender equality), has a global Tech Diversity &amp; Inclusion team, has offices and customers in ~180 countries;  has a major Corporate Social Responsibility organization that coordinates volunteers for service activities, and during 2 mos of the year offers paid time off to participate in volunteer activities;  and donation-matching is offered. SAP has been in industry leader since 2014 delivering an Annual "Integrated Report" which considers the corporate impact on the environment and our sustainability, to use a holistic view of our total impact beyond finances as our measure of success each year.  We also have a range of employee interest groups including Business Women's Network, Black Employees Network, and are one of Workplace Pride's Top 10 companies in the world for LGBTQ-friendly  workplace environment and policies.  Inter-cultural training is provided to help teams in different countries understand how to work and communicate more effectively with each other. This is not about political correctness; it's about being respectful of others' cultures and different points of view, even if you have different beliefs. 

GLOBAL REACH/IMPACT:  If you eat it, drink it, drive it, wear it, or use it in your daily life, our customers probably make it. E.g., 78% of the world's food supply is delivered by SAP customers (including 82% of the world's chocolate supply, and 72% of the world's beer).  That is incredible - but it also is a key reason our Board and CEO have a mission to "Help the world run better and improve people's lives". If your company touches 70% of financial transactions that happen daily, globally, you have an opportunity and a responsibility to think about how that reach can benefit people - not just ourselves.  A lot of people struggle wanting to work somewhere that makes a difference - I've found working at SAP I have a long-term career where I do make a difference, in ways that I can't imagine other companies could. Very cool.

SUPPORT TO INNOVATE &amp; TAKE RISKS:  the CEO says "tell it like it is" and take informed risks and as far as I've seen, this is supported (standard caveat of, "when it's done in a constructive, and respectful way".  This may partly be a function of German work culture, but I've found the openness here refreshing compared with friends' experiences.

PURPOSE-DRIVEN: SAP's mission FOR YEARS is "Help the world run better and improve people's lives". This was our mission before it was 'cool'. This was our mission before terms like 'green-washing' and 'virtue-signaling' came into mainstream conversations. We have had CSR programs for more than 20 years; we have had sustainability programs for at least a decade; we've had excellent benefits like paid parental leave for adoptions, paid bereavement leave (immediate family ), affordable healthcare, paid vacation starting at 3 wks (sick days are separate from vacation days), subsidized public transportation, and our larger offices there are employee cafeterias where you can get subsidized lunches (hot food, not just deli-style food), sourced locally when possible, and with vegetarian and vegan options. 

TRAINING &amp; CAREER SUPPORT:  a robust program for growing within the company means once you join SAP, you can do a wide range of jobs and change careers - as I did - multiple times without leaving the company. I personally attribute this to the German business model, which brings in young talent and nurtures it, versus the typical American model where recruiters look for existing-employed individuals and attempt to hire them away.  This model means a lot of people stay at SAP for a long time compared to other tech companies - but the ability to move around within the company and try different jobs keeps your career fresh and interesting. There are formal and informal job training programs, formal Mentoring and Coaching programs, internal recruiters to help people move around, and - one of the best things - opportunities to work in other countries for short term or permanent assignments, with the most opportunities in Asia, Europe, and Latin America.

Cons: Training budget has been drastically cut. We just to have a lot more training opportunities and budget for real class room training that allowed hands on experiences and NOT poor quality text reading materials that we get now .
Advice: Not to be racist, but the demographics at SAP has shifted tremendously to India and what we just to do, it is being done by 10 Indians instead of one of us. We still have some good resources in our American Universities that are from other countries.
Pros: Great benefits, health care, vacation, and cafeteria.

Cons: Nothing so far. Honestly. And I've worked in 3 other companies in my career / supported over 200 from a client perspective. This company is fantastic.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible company culture, work life balance, the job itself is great. Finally, a company TRULY focused on supporting your life and making the career a PART of that life, and not the other way around. I can't say enough positive things about this company. Everyone here at SAP Concur is trying to refer friends in. SAP - Don't change, you're doing great!

Cons: -Training: almost all training is done online now and everyone knows the quality and effectiveness of online training...  

-Lack of technical training: there are soooo many different types of customer support / enablement teams and no one has really any technical or functional knowledge of the products. 

-Work Life Balance in Consulting: It's great that the executives preach about work life balance, but everyone knows in consulting, that doesn't necessarily exist if you're working for a large, strategic customer with unrealistic timelines 

-Sales vs. Professional Services: conflicting KPIs within these orgs causes lots of headbutting and undercutting. I cant tell you how many times sales people have sold/promised something that doesn't exist without talking to product and then they just dump it on the consultants after the deal is signed and they get their comp. 

-Products:  lots of product shortcomings. It's extremely frustrating to be working on strategic accounts and implementing a product that has lots of room for improvement, but SAP has laid off product resources to hire more customer enablement people that sit around and blow smoke.
Advice: 1) Spend money on training your resources. I work directly with customers and I've never been trained on the product- I just pick things up as I go. I was also hired right out of college and I've never been properly trained on my role. I get thrown to the wolves on every project and it's extremely stressful, demoralizing, and demotivating.  Additionally, this is not a good look to our customers

2) Hire technical people that know how to fix the problems rather than a bunch of teams that want to know what's going on but offer no real support to you or the customer. Remember, you are a software company. Customers expect all of our products to deliver and if they don't, they want to partner with us to build what their industry needs. 

3) Tone down all the buzzwords like "upgrade to success" and "center of excellence". I don't have time to decode what these initiatives mean or what these teams do. Just be real and get done what needs to get done. Not everything needs to be so flashy.
Pros: -Benefits: 401k, great health insurance plans, employee stock plans

-Vacation days: been here for 3 years and i have 25 vacation days which is pretty decent.

-Work from Home: depends on the team, but it's very common here and most managers are very flex with this. 

-Opportunity for Growth: Lot's of opportunity for growth 

-Cool events: They throw some cool parties if you're near an office. Holiday parties and Summer Picnics are pretty fun and they really go all out with the events. They also bring in awesome guest speakers like Jill Biden, Elizabeth Smart, Jerry Greenfield, etc. and i really look forward to these

Cons: 1) Frequent reorgs drive long periods of uncertainty for many employees and frequent strategy changes
2) Some products get "forgotten" about within the large portfolio of products
3) Frequent religious debates over technology &amp; platform
Advice: Seek stable, committed leadership (3-5 year terms) at each level of the organization, not just the CEO and Board
Pros: 1) Possibility to have an impact on the world's biggest companies
2) Strong values / high ratio of people who want to do the right thing
3) Strong respect for work life balance

Cons: SAP is the global leader in Enterprise Software.  As such, it is a very faced paced technology company operating on a global scale.  It can sometimes be stressful to keep up with the pace of change.
Advice: Continue your focus on  employee support and diversification.
Pros: SAP views employees as their greatest asset and they go out of their way to support you.  This goes beyond the investment in training to make you productive.  They also have programs for your health and well-being.

Cons: No cons really. You have to work hard and take initiative but that's with all companies and all jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been working at SAP for about 3 years and this is a spectacular company. Upper management is very involved in your career growth and it is a very collaborative work environment. The company take care of your learning and development and every single person I have worked with has been amazing. They also pay a competitive salary. Also, the work life balance is incredible for it being a technical software company.

Cons: -  It isn't always a walk in the park so if you aren't committed to hard work, you'll struggle
Advice: Keep up the open communication especially when there are changes happening at the top.
Pros: - Flexibility - there is a true focus on work / life balance (we work hard but play hard too)
- Employees are encouraged to be creative in their  role - - innovative minds will love it here
- Honest approach to business - - employees do the right thing for the good of the client and company

Cons: Some managers and employees are very cliquey
120% effort expected all the time
They review on a curve, so someone always has to come out unsatisfactory
Advice: If people are good at their job and don't want to advance, let them do their job!
Create advancement paths for people who are good at what they do, but don't want to manage or lead.
Work-life balance could be better. Not everyone want work to be their whole life.
Pros: Very interesting work
Some really great people and managers

Cons: Marketing has gone through many changes and contrary to overall company trajectory, marketing has trended in the opposite direction. Global Marketing does not have that much span in the latest iteration and Business Unit marketing teams are duplicating efforts.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has managed to stay ahead of the curve and grow despite it's size, new and entrenched competitors,  and the movement of it's core products to SaaS.  The company is well run and there are very few companies on the planet that can sell Enterprise Software like SAP does.

Cons: So much focus if placed on early talent. This makes sense for the business but can make other committed people feel less valued.
Advice: Keep empowering people with accountability.
Pros: I over 30 years of working my last five working here have been the best. I have had leaders that empower me to do my job then leave me to do it and don’t micromanage. The pay is great but kore importantly, they are big on recognition and allowing you to drive your career. Great place for diversity.

Cons: A fare manager will make every day work enjoyable and increase productivity. A bad manager will only think about his/her own promotion and not care about team. This will be the same for all companies. Good part is SAP allow employee to transfer to other department  or team if not happy in a team, or if find other work more interesting to do.
Advice: Treat team members fare.
Pros: Lunch free, paid education, work life balance

Cons: Saddled with 40+ years of what is now technical debt that they don't want to deal with.
Large portions of the workforce are unwilling (and cannot be compelled) to learn new skills or technologies
Management is more concerned with people getting along and making their numbers than actually making strategic decisions.
Below average pay in the U.S. (even though the Germans think U.S. employees are paid too much)
Advice: Move headquarters to the U.S. and act like a tech company.  Don't be afraid to make big decisions, even if that has implications on the workforce.  Provide opportunities for your employees to learn new technical skills and incentivize them to do so.
Pros: Good work/life balance
A few really smart people with great ideas

Cons: Its a big company and some changes take a long time if they come at all.
Advice: SAP values its employees, preserve this aspect of the company.
Pros: Benefits package is very good, particularly vacation accrual. The company treats you like an adult, with very flexible remote working arrangements. I needed to start work early in order to meet with colleagues from Germany, and was able to shift my work hours and work 50% from home.

Cons: Sometimes confusing on what we should be selling, and who is doing the selling, and do sales override customer satisfaction.   If you get put under a poor VP it can end your career, after being a key performer for many years.
Advice: Vet out the bad managers earlier.  Look at the upward job reviews.
Pros: Great inclusive environment and great passion from the CEO.   Lots of resources to progress and grow.   You are in charge of your own future in a big way.

Cons: Not many "cons" working at SAP.  It is large and sometimes can be a challenge to navigate but the company has excellent communications and resources.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a very positive place to work, surrounded by talented people that care about driving purpose in the business and in the world.   There is an entrepreneurial spirit with flexibility and a good work/life balance.  The SAP leadership team has the company on a clear and strong path forward.

Cons: Since SAP is such a large company, making large changes can be a slower process. But you are still heard and your opinions are respected. Furthermore, there is nothing wrong in weighing all the factors before making changes.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. As an early-talent, I have never experienced this level of investment towards newer employees. Your input is encouraged and respected. You are empowered to make a difference.
2. Growth opportunities
3. Culture of mentorship and teamwork: everyone is willing to help you, irrespective of their seniority, team, location etc.
4. Work/life balance

Cons: Senior Mgmt is a revolving door, every two years expect reorgs and impacts to many of your colleagues.  Growth only through acquisitions.  Pulled out of North America Engineering recently impacting thousands of jobs in favor for China. As Bill says, SAP is all IN on China.
Advice: You call for empathy, work harder to achieve it.
Pros: Employee driven, at least they try very hard to be employee driven.

Cons: It can be very difficult to land full time roles with the company.
Advice: Continue to invest in Early Talent at SAP to help set up for continued success in the future.  Keep on doing great things!
Pros: I joined SAP as an Intern in order to land a full time role at the company. Everyone I have worked with has been inspiring and extremely invested to help achieve company, team and personal goals. Even as an intern, you get health benefits, 401k, lunch, and many other perks!

Cons: Some can be overwhelmed with an ever changing environment. I personally find this keeps me engaged with the ability to explore new subjects and emerging technologies. This is not a place for a person that wants to work at a old style company that stayed the same for decades.
Advice: Keep the innovation coming.
Pros: Strong Company outlook. Great Culture. Constant Innovation means work stays interesting &amp; exciting. Flexible schedule and remote work options make life as a parent easier. Great access to training resources for ongoing training and personal development.

Cons: Your day can get busy very quickly and bandwidth can become slim if you’re not carefully prioritizing your time.  If you’re used to being busy, and you’re organized, this is a positive!
Advice: Keep prioritizing and investing in your people. Your teams bring so much value to the business and are the reason for our success.
Pros: Great benefits, competitive pay, supportive team environment, positive culture, remote capabilities, growth opportunities and great management. The list goes on and on. So happy I made the move to SAP Concur!

Cons: Sometimes they hold onto antiquated old software that's used internally and hesitate to update it. When it's a system you're using every day, there's a lot of cursing.
Advice: None
Pros: They really take care of their employees. They care about giving you fulfilling work. They like when you try to make something better. There's room to grow. I love my job, it doesn't feel like work.

Cons: There are really no downsides to working here!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP puts an equal level of importance of support and focus  on its employees as it does with its customers, shareholders, etc.  I have worked for many large US-based companies and this is truly unique.  SAP values work-life balance, empowering its employees to go beyond where they thought they could go, and a fundamental belief in sustainability and that we are responsible for the world around us; not just the Company!

Cons: Lots of Reorg. whole move to aws is driving the company from not delivering any product features and focussing only on aws infra related work. CTO is driving his vision from oracle. lots of bright engineers left the company when this new focus of CTO happened
Advice: listen to engineers sometimes. deliver good product to customers. Listening to handful of  VPs for Engineering isnt sufficient always.
Pros: great work life balance, few good technology stuff and very friendly work plac

Cons: Very slow, deliberative decision making style. Misses many opportunities but core business has remained strong as ever.
Advice: Understand the balance between European and American management styles and maintain that balance in future. It was what has got to where you are and will serve you well.
Pros: Very fair management style and HR processes. Very fair compensation and work environment.  Been through many ups and downs but I am loyal to my company.

Cons: As with any career, there are times of stress.   Due to changes within the company, workload can be unbalanced at times, however management listens to employees and will adjust accordingly.    I have never felt so valued as I do with SAP Concur!
Advice: None
Pros: Employee centric with focus on work life balance
Great benefits - Health insurance, 401k, life insurance, PTO, etc....
Continually evolving training programs to meet changes in industry
Training programs for personal growth
Ability to work with others around the globe

Cons: You need to be very political and careful in who you connect with outside of your job. You also need to brag about your achievements and responsibilities to get noticed.
Advice: Invest in your employees more. Get rid of toxic people.  We have a lot of potential that is untapped.
Pros: If you are good at networking and dealing with constant changes, it can be a good place.

Cons: Perpetual reorgs
The company quite frequently stumbles on their own shoelaces
Advice: The company has really struggled with their identity and culture in the past few years.  The entire company watches as multiple reorgs give an opportunity to those who are VP and above however brings nothing but uncertainty and confusion on the ground floor.  Practice what you preach and instill the same opportunist mentality everywhere.
Pros: Great group of people at the IC level
Great benefits
A brand well recognized

Cons: - Too much office politics
- Sub-par pay in bay area
- SAP uses visa trap to make employees stay, if not nobody good employee would work here
- Instead of using free OSS, SAP tends to build sub-par clone for e.g. UI5, HCP etc. Again the management has no clue what they are doing.
- No innovation. Middle management is useless.
Advice: Pay more in bay area or close the shop and leave.
Pros: - Free breakfast and lunch
- Good WLB

Cons: Silos are a big challenge. It's a natural part of being a big company, but it can get political when not managed with smart leadership.
Advice: This company is constantly changing, there should be a better innate change management mentality from all leadership around the globe.
Pros: It's like family working here: it's safe to be your authentic self; we get in arguments and things are complicated &amp; messy sometimes, but the starting point is always a mutual love &amp; respect for wanting the best.

Cons: You must be on your game to work here so no time to slack off. Complex sales cycle and services but constant training. Work/life balance needs constant adjusting.
Advice: You're doing great! Stay focused on keeping our corporate culture so special.
Pros: Very employee (and client) centric company. Incredible focus on employee contentment, diversity, support, benefits, etc. Not perfect but pretty darn close with a genuine concern for our work "family". Best company I have ever worked for.

Cons: Under DBS finding a project can be a challenge.
Self-initiative is required to make our career. 
Traveling can be hectic and health issues
Advice: Please work with resources and groom them and make them experts in particular areas rather than just asking to work on anything to get billable.
Pros: SAP has great benefits and close enough to match companies like Google, Microsoft, etc.
Freedom to work and learn
Helpful people and lots of online training available to learn.

Cons: Can be stressful at times but that is with most jobs anyways.
Advice: Need to provide a structure where feedback can be given about current managers to upper managers.
Pros: Depending on the are you work in, it can be one of the best places to work for.  I have great work life balance and great team members to depend on. Management is not bad either.  Always look for ideas from team members and push them out across the teams.

Cons: Large company means gears sometimes slow to turn: changes take time to cascade.
Advice: I've been treated well by management in all of my roles here.  Continue investing in breaking down silos.
Pros: Excellent colleagues, great benefits, and the realization that family is incredibly important.  Company culture is distinctly European-- inclusive, worker-friendly, and flexible.  Full support for remote work in many positions.  It is easy, even encouraged, to switch careers, but still stay within the company.

Cons: Large company, if you are not proactive it may seem like you're a number.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, almost ridiculous compared to others.  I get unlimited sick for me and my family, 30 days of vacation and personal time, plus 10 holidays.
Insurance is offered and subsidized to a very reasonable level.
Opportunities are there for every employee.  I have seen management find an employee other positions when one does not exist in their organization.
Pay is top of the scale compared to similar.

Cons: Pay is average. Does not take seriously young talent. stuck in their ways. need to improve and build products. Software, applications &amp; products is the motto but it is not followed. is turning into a marketing company without new products.
Advice: Listen to developers and listen to young talent.
Pros: Is a German company so some of those German company benefits translate over. Decent amount of vacation time, pay is average. Make your own career environment.

Cons: Poor compensation at the higher levels. Dogmatic adherence to Scrum. Work is driven by the Product org with little regard to engineering requirements.
Advice: You're hemorrhaging talent. Take a look at why.
Pros: There is a lot of work. ML, Mobile, Web, Infrastructure, APIs. Whatever you want to work on, there's a team for it. Teams get to choose whatever tech they want to get the job done. Work/life balance is heavy on the life side.

Cons: Wildly complex company,  rapid change creates feeling of always having to relearn processes and organization.
Advice: Continue to reduce complexity and create transparency within the company and processes to better facilitate performance.
Pros: Flex time and flex space: work from home often and can often set my own schedule. Competitive pay. Many career opportunities within one company so you can grow your career without having to lose momentum by switching companies.

Cons: Change takes time and in particular lasting change.  However, i believe we are on the right path that will lead to success.
Advice: remain focused on head-on accountability and visibility
Pros: 18 months ago our direction for success was not crystal clear. The new technical and business leadership changes made in the past 12 months put us on the path to even greater success in the T&amp;E business. I am very excited about what is happening here...

Cons: Matrixed team structures and product offerings can sometimes be complicated and slow down work progress.
Advice: Keep up the great work! Your leadership is inspiring.
Pros: SAP is a special place. It is filled with smart, collaborative and kind people. The culture here is like none other. Employees are encouraged to constantly develop skills, ask questions and innovate. Compensation and benefits are highly competitive. Everyone's voice is respected. I feel so fortunate to be a part of this company!

Cons: It seems to be difficult to get into the company straight out of college. More early talent programs would be beneficial in achieving the goal of getting more young talent hired.
Advice: None
Pros: The ability to work remotely,  have a good work-life balance and still grow in your career are the greatest pros in my personal opinion. This ranges per position but in my experience, I have been able to find a role where these are very achievable.

Cons: Lack of effective processes.  Their software is super complex and they lacked cohesiveness in the way they operate.   They are super resistant to positive change...super slow to implement change.  There are some really great people that I have worked with there...and some not great at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice office location and they offer you some help with lunch.  They bring in lunch every Wednesdays.  Office is moving to either palo alto or san ramon.

Cons: Way too easy to get distracted by internal opportunities, as there can be too many to choose from at times. Some (extremely infrequent) friction between EU and US leadership
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing. Encourage remote work in order to increase your available talent pool.
Pros: They are making considerable inroads in understanding and recruiting veterans and supporting their transitions. Fantastic work/life balance. Global employee network that fees like everyone is just down the hall.

Cons: Less than a downside and a plus: There is a lot of information to help an associate and trying to understand what info is best to help one in their career.
Advice: None
Pros: Their is great collaboration and support from SAP peers and colleagues on the project. Everyone I work with is hard working and intelligent, knowing their area of expertise to support. I feel the appreciation from management and colleagues.

Cons: Current Exec Leadership in Marketing is more interested in moving up the corporate ladder than focusing on the business. Entire organization has no faith in her leadership.  People are afraid to speak up.
Advice: Replace Exec Leadership in Marketing with someone who is not just interested in photo opportunities and sound bites that promote her hidden agenda.  Get someone in who understands how to run an integrated marketing organization with proven results to help sales.
Pros: Good products. Supports the needs of most enterprise customers. Good install base of customers. Should be easy to continue up selling.

Cons: It's a big company so there's the usual recurring meetings that provide no value, short-sighted budget decisions, and an inability for an individual to make a real impact.  The software systems are also ancient and so poorly designed that life is more about fighting fires and less about actual forward progress.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay was good and the people I worked with were great (though they came mostly via acquisition).

Cons: almost 15 years at the company and I felt like I was a SSN...  The company has gotten too big and stopped valuing the experience many bring to the table
Advice: stop pushing out those just because we earned a salary commensurate of our experience and value to the company.
Pros: Many different opportunities over my career.   Pay and benefits is good.

Cons: High goals means that your "expected commision" is pretty high so you might not actually hit it.
Advice: Be honest when it comes to "expect salary". If you know you won't hit your goal and your employees won't get their full commision be honest about that going in.
Pros: Good salary, great offices or work fully remote positions. Supportive managers if looking for a new position. Lots of different directions you can take your career.

Cons: Not a lot of sales people hit quota.  Very much have and have nots.  Lots of Politics and lots of people just collecting a paycheck.
Advice: If you could eliminate all the internal energy that people spend on politics and got everyone rowing in the same direction, great things could happen.
Pros: Pays very well.  Good people and lots of talent. Important problems to solve for Customers and how they run their business

Cons: SAP is working to get more women and minorities into leadership. They are making great progress, but acknowledge there is much to be done.
Advice: Give us something tangible for an integrated data platform from the cloud and S4 HANA, even if it's just 3 metrics. We want to start sewing the seeds for ISM, and we want the data to support it.
Pros: Work from home, flexibility, expectations of excellence

Cons: - Executive leadership is severely disconnected from the market development day-to-day
- Constant change in processes, tools, and compensation with grossly inadequate change management from that leadership team
- Executive leadership is clearly motivated by increasing its sphere of influence and does not actually understand how to properly lead the larger organization (if everything is always changing, I guess it’s harder for folks outside of the organization to ask questions)
- Clear favoritism displayed by those same leaders for teams in specific offices
- Executive Leadership is not interested in retaining top management talent and is happy to “cut bait” if it means getting their way
- It's clear that those leaders are purely interested in supporting and enhancing their own image without any regard for the backs on which they achieve their success
Advice: No matter how much you try to normalize it, it is NOT normal in any business for an entire office to experience 100% leadership turnover within 1 calendar month. Not only has this department's Executive Leadership team displayed a tactless handling of its own internal management issues, but they’ve also done so while placing blame on nearly every other possible party/scapegoat connected to the larger organization (and not themselves). My advice to Senior Leadership (outside of this department) is to look at ALL results across ALL offices/teams and not take the current Executive Leadership’s word for it. It is disturbing to realize that Market Development Executive Leadership is not held accountable to any other third party and is able to “explain away” any misses. It’s even more concerning that there are zero checks and balances within said Executive Leadership team -- the fact that all of Market Development’s commission is handled by the department's leader and NOT audited by an independent third party is perplexing. The saying goes, “rats smell a sinking ship”... and I can see the rats escaping this ship as we speak.
Pros: - Industry-leading software solution
- Awesome company history
- Great office location
- Friendly co-workers

Cons: People at SAP work hard, but there is nothing more rewarding then when you get to have impact and actually make important contributions.
Advice: None, keep doing what you are doing.  Super excited for the next chapter in our leadership's journey at SAP.
Pros: Amazing culture, great benefits, flexible schedule for work life balance, career growth.  Also able to really have an impact on the business and get involved in side projects.

Cons: I don't love the day to day of the role, but opportunities are endless across the rest of the company.
Advice: Continue focusing on employee development and wellness programs that make us feel cared for.
Pros: Leadership walks the talk. They truly seem to care about their employees and make you feel heard and understood. There is a culture of feedback, openness, and understanding and significant work life balance.

Cons: There are lots of changes in North America that could be perceived as a negative by some, however some of us see it as a boon and recognize the opportunity that exists in being able to build on the change rather than fight it.
Advice: None
Pros: Game-changing technology to help companies EVOLVE for future technologies
Truly a COLLABORATIVE group of people--GLOBALLY.
Leadership LISTENS to what employees need to be productive and effective

Cons: Working for a large company like SAP has its cons of being a small fish in a big pond. Sometimes it can feel like inter-company politics are the biggest hurdle to overcome. Like anywhere, your network is everything.
Advice: None
Pros: There is ample opportunity to not get 'pigeon-holed' into one solution or area of the business. You are supported to develop a breadth of knowledge and step outside of your comfort zone.

Cons: The company is so large that it has many micro-cultures within, so employee experience can vary greatly.  Also, many sales VP have to apply for new jobs within the company every year due to annual re-orgs.  You may have a new boss very soon...
Advice: Cut out any matrix'ed reporting structures.  They cause nothing but confusion.
Pros: A large company with plenty of room to move around to other positions.

Cons: All companies has it challenges, but the great thing about SAP is they provide you with everything you need to get the job done.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: I have been with SAP for 19 years and I have loved ever second of it. SAP treats you like you are part of their family, I feel lucky to have been here for so long.

Cons: I've spent dev years chasing concur's North Star.  Whenever we finally get going with the latest hotness, people have already decided to kill it off and move onto something new.  Every effort to make the next environment not a snowflake and the reference for all future environments pumps out the snowflakeiest environment of all.  

Terrible project planning.

Forced centralized tools which suck.

Company now hates windows and dotNet.

SAP Concur not aligned with SAP.
Advice: You're losing people left and right.  Course correct
Pros: Work life balance
Nice office location

Cons: Annual reorgs and shakeups make it hard to make a deep impression on leadership so promotions tend to be closely linked to personal friendships.
Advice: Aim to promote from within organizations whenever possible using a merit based system
Pros: Vacation, pay, location flexibility, interesting work, great colleagues, global possibilities, great customers and partners

Cons: Cost cutting measures at times can effect employee productivity.
Advice: Utilize feedback from ground level employees also when making decisions.
Pros: Good work environment.  Team members help each other.   As always boss can make your life hell.   But that is the case with any company.  There are some bad apples, but SAP do take care of their employees and value their feed back.

Cons: Due to the number of benefits, SAP tends to have salaries that are a bit below the average of comparable employers.
Advice: Encourage salary growth outside of people leaving for 1-2 years and then coming back.
Pros: The company environment encourages working extremely hard and then taking well deserved PTO throughout the year. The benefits are great and the work is challenging in a good way.

Cons: has been slow in the past to change some of its software offerings, but that has really changed the past two years
Advice: Keep innovating and advancing the customer first theme and continue to partner with customers which benefits all parties...keep customer for life vision
Pros: Challenging, demanding, and changing work culture when you can advance quickly if you are flexible

Cons: Management is full of ignorant people. HR does not even care. Give them your life and invasion of privacy. Check your emails while you are on vacation. Non pay sick day? Better not take it even if it's not paid, let a lone paid. Managers tell you straight to your face insulting words even my colleague was facing mental issues. All my co workers and I wonder how the heck this place get rated as best place to work for? We are all miserable here. Maybe because when we went to HR they don't even care for these issues so nobody bother to report? Or tbh even scared of the pettiness they will stab you in the back and find out who writes this review and let you go.
This place does not have a problem of letting people go. If you work here and you see it you know it's true they all do off source labors and contracting work that's it. The salary is great, yeah for full time workers. And guess what, you don't even stand a chance for full time even if you are an internal application. Disrespect is everywhere from management. Ready to yell at you for mistakes and never an appreciation. People are so petty they even find problems to report you for using phones and act like they are special. Oh and nobody holds doors for you with a smile ever here. They do it like it's a task and they are scared of socialization. Elevator talk? Forget it. A good morning from stranger? Forget it. Free food? You are ready to pay for pasta and sauce with no meatball? Meatball is extra charge! Oh and the lines re infinite and you basically fight for tables. And nobody cares about being rude to others but try to talk on the phone in the bathroom, rhey will look at you like you are crazy.
Advice: Nothing. Too toxic the CEO even stepped down. Maybe fire everyone?
Pros: Nothing. Full of contracting work. Companies does not care about hiring full time. You can be a contractor here for 30 years for all they care

Cons: Pay is pathetic compared to other companies.
Advice: Chill with the nepotism. It’s so obvious and offputtinng that I spend 2 hours a day working on finding new roles and 2 hours upskilling myself for those new roles
Pros: Stock program is great. However, the company has gone from a tech company to a “managers managing managers” company.

Cons: I guess my only con would be that with it being such a big company, it's easy to get lost in the shuffle. The responsibility is on you to take charge and tell management what your goals are.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: Tons of career opportunities and it feels like management really gives you the tools to make the most out of your current role.

Cons: Struggling to be a mature organization and has a lot of commitments and tight timeframes which can hurt work home balance
Advice: Lean into leadership training on organizational excellence and being able to define objectives, goals and strategies which cascade down to the individual contributor.
Pros: Company really cares about employees, good benefits, overall a good culture and working experience

Cons: I honestly couldn't think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: At SAP, you have the opportunity to develop, network, and an environment to share ideas with peers and management. Teams really work together to support overall goals. Vacation days are earned quickly, starting with 3 weeks plus holidays. Flexibility to work when and how you work best- workplace of the future.

Cons: Pay is pathetic compared to other companies.
Advice: Chill with the nepotism. It’s so obvious and offputtinng that I spend 2 hours a day working on finding new roles and 2 hours upskilling myself for those new roles
Pros: Stock program is great. However, the company has gone from a tech company to a “managers managing managers” company.

Cons: It is a really big company. At times it can be difficult to see the value you are providing
Advice: Try your best to promote solely on merit.
Pros: Great amount of time off
Great benefits
Employees are treated fairly
Opportunities to move around the country/world
Lots of opportunities to give another job a try.
Employees feel like they are cared about.. instead of just a number.

Cons: The design organization at SAP is dysfunctional. Management and C-levels are too focused on the political aspect of the company.  It's also primarily engineering driven versus design, which makes it very difficult to create meaningful products. Majority of the  time, things can't be done with high quality results.
Advice: None
Pros: There's a great work-life balance.

Cons: Internal department silos continue to impede customer service, but I have seen much improvement over the years.
Advice: Continue to make employees feel appreciated and supporting the UN's 17 Sustainable Development Goals
Pros: SAP promotes a positive work-life balance and supports the health of the employees by providing Flexible work schedules, telecommuting, innovation health &amp; other benefits. Opportunities for growth &amp; promotion.

Cons: As a customer support analyst, you are required to work rotating shifts. If you have a family this in not the job for you. 

Onboarding and training took forever because of the nature of the side of the business
Advice: Be clear on job postings about requiring to work a rotating schedule.
Pros: Benefits are amazing! Better than some of the best around.

Cons: None -  if you are friendly, hard working, and willing to learn, then you will thrive here.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Smart and hard-working colleagues, encouraging work environment, competitive pay and benefits, fun office atmosphere, approachable management. I truly cannot be happier with my decision to switch to SAP almost 2 years ago.

Cons: High expectations of their employees to work hard
Advice: Very happy with my management! I feel heard and supported by my managers.
Pros: Work life balance, great benefits (subsidized lunch &amp; free cupcake day), awesome office gym with fitness class,  great business travel perks, trust in employees to get our work done without micromanaging, support achieving employees for growth and development

Cons: No cons but SAP needs to continue to increase brand recognition so that everyone knows how SAP makes this world Run Better and helps improve people's lives.
Advice: The only constant in the marketplace today is change but too much change, too fast, can be disruptive to our customers and employees
Pros: Inclusive, Innovative and progressive mindset

Cons: Sometimes the group-think mentality slows down projects, which can be frustrating for "doers."
Advice: None
Pros: Your career is what you make of it at SAP. Want to try something new or have a great idea? This is the place to go for it. Managers are encouraged to let their employees fly. It truly is the best place I've ever worked.

Cons: Since SAP acquired Concur corporate America has moved in and leadership has changed and it's not for the best
Advice: Really listen to your employees and ACT on that feedback.  Words mean nothing without action behind them.
Pros: Remote office, flexible schedules, generous PTO, good work life balance

Cons: When the Service Model changed, so did the personal connection with the accounts (instead of managing 25 - 30 specific accounts, it's now a 'pooled' approach).
Advice: Continue to make the customer the priority (both internal and external customers)
Pros: Love my manager, get to work directly with customers, great benefits, opportunities for continuous professional growth, never the same day twice

Cons: Some business processes in development are getting a bit bureaucratic
Advice: Keep caring for your employees the way you do right now.
Pros: Smart, kind hearted, genuine people to work with. It is a pleasure to come to work every day.
Company cares about environmental and social issues and not just profits. 
Great office location in Newtown Square, PA

Cons: SAP has many legacy customers and the need to support these customers can slow you down from learning new technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP values employees and treats them very well, with great benefits and competitive pay. SAP also has excellent corporate values and is a good partners to the communities where it is located.

Cons: Lunch is paid only on select offices or locations, makes you feel that some offices are more important.
You can be moved to a different manager during vacations and find then you are back.
As a Developer you are expected to always be on call for supporting the production systems during nights and weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Health Care
401K Match
Possible Remote Work
Tuition Reimbursement

Cons: Annual change to account ownership creates challenges to building long term, profitable relationships
Advice: Give us a year of account stability and you will see even MORE growth!
Pros: The flexibility of working from home is key to our mutual success.  
Strong direct line management support helps a lot in the complex sales cycles.
Uncapped earnings 
Lots of vacation time

Cons: Complexity is real at SAP. Learning to navigate the mothership can take some time.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a company that stands by its employees. It brings the best EU ethics to the US. Paid Paternity leave of 7 weeks even for men and far more for women is just one example. SAP genuinely cares about its employees.

Cons: Leadership communication could improve
Use or lose leave by Dec 31
Advice: Tell us less about the meetings you're having (employees don't care), and speak more from the heart along with goals, etc.
Pros: Product line
Comp &amp; benefits
Flexibility for remotes and life balance
Greater SAP culture
Growth opps in SuccessFactors and other SAP  LOBs

Cons: company culture, silos, cliques,  lack of transparency from leadership,
Advice: Management could improve at developing and mentoring people.  Being a player and a coach in managerial roles can often be at the peril of individual team members not being afforded opportunities for growth.
Pros: great benefits, work-life balance,

Cons: Nothing good comes easy. There’s a lot to learn about the company but if you put in the work, you deserve to be there.
Advice: Nothing at moment.
Pros: The culture, team and work ethics here are top notch. Benefits are amazing and every team member are treated equally.

Cons: Currently, they are experiencing morale issues due to a major restructuring that was not handled well.  Internal politics are strong all of the time and they get in the way of doing the right thing for the company and for customers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams, great technologies, lots of opportunities to grow and expand.

Cons: Lot's or red tape. Too many hoops to jump through to get something done. A lot of people who view themselves as a cog in the machine.
Advice: Simplify. Simplify. Simplify.
Pros: Great portfolio of products. Very smart, driven people. Access to key people in decision making positions across a very diverse customer base.

Cons: Though you got lot of opportunities,  not everyone can realize them as things might be slow than what you expect, so patience is the key.
Advice: None
Pros: You can define and work on your goals
Lot of opportunities in different areas
Great company with some cool products that has got lot of features and flexibility for customers to be able to configure.

Cons: Parent company SAP located in Germany. Kind of disconnected. Doesn't feel like we are all one company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. You can really go anywhere once you get your foot in the door and "climb the corporate ladder" so to speak although it's more of a jungle gym than a ladder.

Cons: not much hike later on once you gain experience in this company
Advice: Happy with whatever they are providing right now
Pros: Work life balance, nice benefits, dedicated employees, challenging work

Good thing is that there is no rating based performance evaluation, but every employee will get feedback from their managers time to time, which is different and good

Cons: Management needs to improve in planning the resources
Pay scale might be average compared to other companies
Work-life balance may not be good, depending upon the team
Advice: None
Pros: Good tech stack
Team collaboration is very good
People in management are very approachable and feedback is counted
Free lunch

Cons: Honestly I can't think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really cares about their employees. The benefits &amp; compensation SAP offers is some of the best I've ever seen. Coworkers are all very friendly/easy to work with, and management is always reaching out for feedback so as to constantly improve. It's truly the best place to work.

Cons: There can be too much red tape
Leader egos can derail projects
Advice: Keep learning and growing to be a better leader 
Always be open and honest with team
Pros: Most managers here really care about the employees as people
We get to focused on the customer 
This is a safe place to try new things

Cons: The flip side of having a strong culture of consensus : it can be hard to steer the company towards new ways of running business without having to bring every single stakeholders on-board.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation package, medical coverage, culture of excellence. A top company to work for. A company to build up your entire career with!

Cons: Accountability is inconsistent. IT support is too. Salaries for Concur are definitely below the average for software industry, and United Health is the worst provider I've had in all my years. Plan is good, but they are bad and few providers will take them.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice atmosphere, very laid back, and everyone is super nice. Very collaborative.

Cons: Work &amp; life balance might difficult to achieve as sometimes it's required to travel back to back weeks.
Advice: None
Pros: There is an entrepreneurial spirit at SAP. People are encouraged to try new ways of doing things on their own without fear of ramifications if it does not work.

Cons: Complexity with so many LOBs.
Advice: Keep it real.
Pros: This company appreciates that you are successful when you are a happy individual, and works to give you options to maintain your physical and mental health. Because of this you can kick it at your job. Win win.

Cons: Some of the recent acquisitions are spoiling the culture. Top management is now mainly Sales so the company is losing its Engineering focus. Benefits are below average compared to companies in Bay Area
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great. Mainly engineering driven but that could be changing in the future

Cons: There is no cons for this company.
Advice: Management works great with me and trusted me on my decision....
Pros: Best team work and no micro management in this company. Flexible time schedule. Directly work with customer and take your own decision. Great opportunity to grow..

Cons: Employee's need to take ownership and be proactive to drive their careers.  This does not come naturally for some people.
Advice: work/life balance is a critical topic to keep in focus
Pros: SAP knows how to reward employees when they have success.  Opportunities to grow, learn, excel and succeed are endless.

Cons: You must be a constant learner until last day.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has great team culture and good work life balance. Opportunities for growth and knowledge exists. Helping and touching lives of so many people and companies makes me get up and go everyday.

Cons: Nothing stands out in particular as a con so far (I've only been at the company for less than a year)
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative environment, purpose driven organization, focus on work-life balance and inclusiveness, challenging but not ruthless, great benefits and compensation

Cons: Benefits and salary are not competitive considering the position and job location
Advice: Allow active research within the development groups. Departments are led by people who doesn’t understand research but focus more on presentation aspects. This needs to be changed for a better company future.
Pros: Interesting project opportunities and  good work life balance.

Cons: There is no cons for this company.
Advice: Management works great with me and trusted me on my decision....
Pros: Best team work and no micro management in this company. Flexible time schedule. Directly work with customer and take your own decision. Great opportunity to grow..

Cons: a big company, impossible to know everyone and duplication exists
Advice: Continue to manage and implement KPIs to track progress on a diverse executive team.
Pros: Diversity, open &amp; inclusive culture, innovation, collaboration, recognition, teamwork, early talent - veterans - and autism programs, great benefits, good salary, flexibility, continuous education, and family

Cons: Toot your own horn frequently or get lost in the shuffle!
Advice: Always be on the lookout to promote internal talent working to distinguish her/himself!
Pros: Solid brand recognition worldwide, Good software products and services, Knowledgeable colleagues, SAP actively tries to soften what can be a brutal workload

Cons: Vague job descriptions, not much org structure, lots of "VP" people not doing actual "VP" work, dumb international travel policy
Advice: 1. Pay more attention to the high potential people who are NOT considered "Early Talent"

2. Allow international travelers to fly business class on 1st trip, not the 3rd.
Pros: Autonomy, trust, openness, flexibility, modern, good perks

Cons: - Org structure and internal tech architecture can be confusing
Advice: None
Pros: + Genuine care for employees' wellbeing and families; generally a very flexible working environment that allows you to prioritize the important stuff in life
+ Commitment to United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
+ Very invested in employees' development
+ Fantastic benefits and beautiful facilities

Cons: Working full-time from home I sometimes feel left out of the loop when there are conversations/news occurring in office locations.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, good work-life balance, respectful and diversity inclusive culture, takes service and global responsibility seriously.  I feel like SAP cares about me as an individual, not only as an employee.

Cons: Not cutting technology. A lot of resistance to change. Can become boring. Not many opportunities for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Good if you want to see your software actually used by people instead of just becoming a POC which gets forgotten a week after it's done. Nice, stable environment if you're looking for that.

Cons: Change is regular. This is usually handled well, but is inevitable in a large company.
Advice: Continue to invest in growth and new technologies.
Pros: Great ways to grow within the company and to learn and expand your knowledge. Teams interact well together and there are many opportunities to network. Flexible work environment,

Cons: _ Complexities and processes when working for a big multi national
Advice: Continue putting people first !
Pros: _ Very human company
_ Great people to work with
_ Place for great innovation 
_ focus on true agility and being Agile VS doing Agile

Cons: 1. Internet speed 3 Mbps 
2. You have to buy snacks etc. with your own money. Company won't provide you anything, even occasionally.

I am not sure if it is specific to their offices in St Louis Park, MN or it's the same thing everywhere else
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a well known brand

Cons: Big company, politics can get in the way of innovation. Can take a long time to implement change initiatives due to so many silos across the business.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for growth, benefits, access to resources (training, content, etc), great culture

Cons: Their salary is a but lower than other companies have the same size
Advice: Raise the salaries bar a bit and keep doing what you are doing
Pros: Amazing Company, excellent culture, work/life balance, huge amount of support to interns, SAP ixp is an amzing program, huge amount of opportunities

Cons: Not well know as the best workplace in the bay area.
Advice: Apply more Standards and Open Source and show our Wonderful Innovations in Silicon Valley. I am happy to support this effort.
Pros: Open, flexible and innovative working Environment. Great colleagues all over the World.

Cons: Do I really have to list one?
Advice: Keep up what you are doing, especially the communication to the employee's on the overall picture of the company and the support you give to the average employee.
Pros: Amazingly supportive environment, work life balance, professional/personal development, support for volunteer causes, great benefits, positive culture.

Cons: VERY sales focused, more than enough disenfranchisement, diversity and inclusion than I'd ever need, Not Google or Microsoft. Don't come looking for cutting edge anything.
Advice: Let's get back to engineering, technical solutions and functional excellence.
Pros: Loads of vacation, training in just about anything you want, opportunities to advance if you are skilled.

Cons: SAP is a very big company and it can be challenging at times to determine who to work with.
Advice: Consider time zones when scheduling meetings
Pros: SAP takes the time to listen to their employees and they work hard to try and optimize the overall employee experience here at SAP.

Cons: There is a lot of products to understand and sometimes it is up to the individual to navigate our large sometimes difficult organization to find the information required.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had some great managers during my tenure @ SAP.   They pay well for the jobs I have had.

Cons: As a large company, it can feel like things move too slowly in a fast-paced world.
Advice: inspire and enable more and more entrepreneurship within the company.   This exists, but it occurs in big bang waves and not day to day.
Pros: Solid company with great benefits, work-life balance and vales.

Cons: Loads of emotion drive core strategic decisions (may be changing with external investors), most especially lay-offs
People stay way longer than maybe they should 
Inclusion of non-white, non-German, non-male employees continues to be a significant challenge
Advice: Please, fewer reorganizations
Pros: Pay + Benefit tend to be solid 
Internal growth opportunities good 
People are amazing

Cons: Somewhat bureaucratic.  At least some of your time will be spent on corporate level training that really has nothing to do with the work you want to do.
Advice: Less social work, more software
Pros: Brilliant colleagues, challenging work, great pay and benefits, many opportunities

Cons: SAP is a large enterprise and sometimes that can be overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is purpose-driven.  SAP cares about it's employees and their happiness.  SAP works with the best customers and across all industries.  SAP has world-class products.  SAP has the best talent in the industry.

Cons: - Less competitive pay compared to Google/Facebook/etc but on par with most other software roles, especially factoring in work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: - Interesting work that is in high demand by customers
- Extremely good work life balance
- Free breakfast and lunch

Cons: Sales teams still have old fashioned managers.
Advice: Work on leader's human skills. Managers don't have to perform for their employees, they need to lead teams to great results.
Pros: Great development opportunities, great compensation, wonderful work environment, life balance, benefits, flexibility.

Cons: - Tough to navigate the matrix 
- Difficult to deal with slackers
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance 
- People are generally easy to work with 
- Easy to seek and gain mentorship 
- Broad portfolio results in interesting work in widespread industries and process areas

Cons: Everything you can imagine and so much more. Do a little research and you'll find a treasure trove of great leaders that have recently departed for much greener pastures. The employees from offices in Germany will continue to veto anything productive for the company in order to hide their longstanding lack of production.
Advice: Move EVERYTHING to the US and stop hiring people decades past their prime in all markets.
Pros: Good pay and benefits for the right roles

Cons: Smaller locations might not get lunch like larger branches. But honestly no real cons. SAP is a really great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a really especial place. Amazing work/life balance, and great people, both professionally and human quality. Payment is very competitive and benefits are really good.

Cons: Depend on what kind of managers you have. Some nasty managers make environment toxic. Open work environment is very noisy and make people less productive.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall life  work balance is good.

Cons: I honestly do not have anything to share as a con.
Advice: Keep doing what your doing!
Pros: We have incredible leaders with a vision to continue to make our world a better place.  There are so many brilliant people that work here, it's refreshing!

Cons: I can't think of a any reasons not to work at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for many years.  The company offers great benefits and flexibility.  We continuously strive for product innovations and is focused on delivering excellent employee experience

Cons: large company so there are a lot of internal processes some of which can take a lot of time
Advice: None
Pros: Encourage continuous learning, abilities to explore internal opportunities, focus on health and well-being, flexible work locations (i.e. work from home), overall compensation

Cons: Not against SAP, but all tech companies are constantly innovating and changing.  This is something that one needs to get used too!
Advice: The best leaders around, really!  Keep it up!
Pros: Tons of opportunity, lot's of help to achieve your goals!  Amazing people!

Cons: like many large companies, SAP has its share of internal energy and can get in the way of executing a great strategy
Advice: remove barriers and cut time to execute
Pros: SAP is a great company, built to last, amazing people and products

Cons: SAP is a very large company and sometimes that can be difficult to navigate.
Advice: Continue the great leadership and communicating about upcoming challenges.
Pros: Managers have always been great advocates for my professional development. 
Lots of great opportunities for volunteer work and giving back
The benefits are very competitive.

Cons: no cons, True, you don't believe there are no cons
Advice: SAP Makes lives simple "True Statement from the heart"
Pros: work life balance, no politics, we respect each other, Company believe in simple solutions that makes simple all our lives

Cons: For me personally, I didn't start working here earlier!  Should have come on board 20 years earlier!
Advice: None
Pros: Everything - from paid time off to healthcare, diversity, gender equality, and work-life support, SAP is dedicated to its valued employees

Cons: Can't think of much. It's a very big organization and you are may be stuck in a silo limiting your chances on working on different technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
Generous vacation and discount on SAP shares
Good working environment largely free of politics
Competitive pay

Cons: Prepare to use paper and excel and expect to be ridiculed if you ask for help.  Misery is culture and you can ask anyone who's be there for 1+
Advice: Has to change from the top down.  Front line leaders are treated like individual contributors as well.  Which equals, no culture and no growing your workforce
Pros: You can make good money if front line managers like you

Cons: Salary is slightly lower than competitors, at least in the IT area.  A little too much bureaucracy for certain areas.  Too much time needed for some decisions due to micro management.
Advice: None
Pros: Access to the newest technology.  Benefits.  Flexible work arrangements.

Cons: Need to update internal system software to latest available.
Advice: Give employees the updated software that is offered to the customers. It allows employees to know and love the software we sell even more.
Pros: Lunch mostly paid for. Great facilities. Terrific training and recognition. Great pay.

Cons: To grow by 20-30% year over year, if you're not comfortable with a lot of change, this isn't the right company for you.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: SAP Concur hires amazing people, has great leadership, a focus on innovation and a super fun culture

Cons: The experience is better if you work at an actual development lab like Palo Alto or Waldorf.  The typical drawbacks of working for a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good work life balance.  After 10 years you get 23 days of vacation.

Cons: No importance given to good employees. Very bad leadership decisions and immature vision. They don't know how to take care of their employees.
Advice: Don't make hasty decisions on vision based on bad leadership. Listen to employees and care of them.
Pros: Food is good in Palo Alto.

Cons: It is a huge company so you can get a little lost finding things
There really are no cons to working at SAP!
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Great benefits
Management suport is best in the World
Unlimited possibilities for growth
Great Training Available

Cons: Can be a bit political at the upper levels, not much else for this section.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid management, forward thinking strategically, most talented people I have ever worked with, virtual work options, great benefits, opportunities to move within company and much more!

Cons: There are times things can move slow, but that isn't a constant and improvements are being made.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has fantastic benefits and also is very socially aware. SAP may be a very large organization, but there is also a very family like atmosphere.

Cons: Reduce the process boundaries to make things simpler for the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to work, independence to manage things of your own within the company guidelines, different perks and incentives. Senior leadership is curious to listen to the feedbacks and act on it

Cons: German company - sometimes feel disconnected from the rest of the co
Advice: Eliminate so many layers and redundancies across teams and activities
Pros: - Treat you as a human, not a number and really do care about you 
- great work/life balance &amp; perks

Cons: Large company - decisions can be painstakingly slow and it is hard to make meaningful changes that impact the business.
Advice: Integrate acquisitions more quickly.
Pros: Great benefits, job flexibility, room for advancement in most areas.  Training is a major focus.

Cons: Depending on your career path, work/life balance might not be great with travels and late hours
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers: 
- Great internal culture
- Great benefits
- Various career paths
- Friendly environment
- Great overall pay (with variable pay - such as annual bonus, stocks)

Cons: Way to much micro management. Overall poor direction and very poor execution. I can see a large down sizing/reorg coming
Advice: You need to be more agile and dynamic. Being old school does not help you
Pros: benefits are ok in general. medical plan is poor

Cons: Some teams have no scope for growth and don't stick to the company policies such as allowing to work from home once a week .
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn especially as a fresher.  Growth might get stagnant with experience.

Cons: open work space is not conducive for all teams,  some internal systems not very intuitive
Advice: continue to provide support to employees, provide clear and direct message as to the direction or strategy
Pros: Great Benefits,  okay working environment, good collaboration in teams

Cons: No or very little respect to USA employees in work assignments. Germany and/or Europe always first.
Advice: None.they don’t care.
Pros: Work life balance. A lot of paid vacation days and personal days.

Cons: No Cons, just personal challenges, growth is going to be an individual objective
Advice: We are working in bringing early talents!
Pros: Company where you can learn from your mistakes, build life relationships, grow your career and enjoy your achievements!

Cons: Don't pay nearly enough.
Advice: Pay your own.
Pros: Great team, great manager, there's just nowhere to go unless you get extremely lucky by knowing someone higher up. Pay increases are 2% each year at best, so you're better off chasing the $.

Cons: Communication across LOBs due to the size of the company
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares and respects their employees and is committed to hiring the best talent and assuring that they are happy noting the importance of a work / life balance.

Cons: At times I miss the social aspect of working in an office.
Advice: None
Pros: Virtual position, Amazing company, great work life balance, I feel 100% supported by my company and my leadership, proud to be employed by such a forward thinking, socially responsible corporation.

Cons: Hard to make change. Unless there is immediate return SAP has a  tendency to go back to their bread and butter backed solutions instead of actually focusing on change and drive new solutions through.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with top of the line benefits and compensation.

Cons: Not transparent on management decision. Upper management fighting for powers and sacrifice workers on the side that lost.
Advice: Upper management decision process is vague
Pros: Open environment, you can rate your manager and vice versa

Cons: If you are not willing to sacrifice your personal life, there will be a lot of struggling
Advice: Be more transparent with staffing decisions
Pros: If you are willing to sacrifice your personal life, you can have some great opportunities

Cons: You have to be well connected in Germany for opportunities. Lots of organizational turmoil from the board level down right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good if you don't plan on moving up in the company

Cons: Must have flexibility/patience to work with large support teams
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work environment 
Competitive pay
Amazing stock options 
CEO who lays out a vision for ALL employees and is truly invested in our success
Ability to shape your own career
Opportunity to work on global teams

Cons: no career path
no raises, promotions
restructuring (aka layoffs) recently
C level execs "disappearing"
Advice: Respect and reward your employees. They feed your families.
Pros: free lunch
big company
good benefits
decent bonus

Cons: Salary not very competitive in Silicon Valley compared to FLGTA
Corporate pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Overall very good collaboration among cross-functional teams 
Massive opportunities internally and possibilities to move internationally
Leading the industry in terms of innovation and vision 
Strong financial health and brand

Cons: Very fast-paced culture.
The constant change in processes and tools is a challenge.
Advice: Keep aligning with your employees.  Know what motivates them and where they need your support.  People first!
Pros: Helps people and communities around the world
Work-life balance
Decent compensation

Cons: Huge company with lots of products that don't always mesh seamlessly.
Advice: Deliver on the promise of simplifying integrations between the various software platforms.
Pros: Great benefits package, tremendous learning opportunities, and supportive management that aggressively promotes work/life balance.

Cons: Has many of the typical large company processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work/life balance.   Really feel the sense of team even as a remote employee.  Management is willing to listen to new ideas and let you run with them.

Cons: SAP has no CONs. Simply just a great place to work.
Advice: Bill McDermott rocks! We are lucky to have his leadership.
Pros: SAP will give you a purpose-driven mission to ignite your inner energy.

Cons: German "my way or the highway" culture
Not a great understanding of how the US operates
Advice: Learn the culture of different countries.
Pros: Local colleagues were great.  Benefits are good.  CEO is great.

Cons: Bureaucracy; Be ‘Yes man’ to manager if wanna grow! Otherwise your career needle doesn’t move and no opportunities will be giving! 
Not real Bay Area work experience (except when lay off season hits!)
Advice: None
Pros: Enterprise systems experience 
Work life balance

Cons: Some internships do not offer full-time positions and might not be as work-intensive depending on the department
Advice: None
Pros: Great networks, supportive colleagues, diverse communities, excellent internship programs, gym onsite, daily lunch stipend, beautiful NSQ buildings, great growth opportunities

Cons: engineering  to product mgmt. to marketing to sales needs better coordination
Advice: Less is more be it in silos/product/processes
Pros: Good culture at Sap this is why lot of employees stay on - IT / HR service has improved greatly in the last year

Cons: Very large organization with continuous change in structures and processes
Advice: Provide clearer communications on team structures and purposes and relationships to other teams to further support internal collaboration.
Pros: Great, professional people to work with
Excellent benefits
Innovative products
Flexible schedules
Generous time off plans

Cons: Sometimes it is hard to take time off, but this is more personal as SAP has always approved my time off with no questions!
Advice: None
Pros: Great manager and co-workers.  Could not ask for a better group to work with!

Cons: Frequent organization changes due to company size.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance with full time home office possible while still being able to access SAP offices all around the world at any time.
Very good benefits
Competitive Salaries
Dedicated Management

Cons: None that I can think of at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a great introduction to the company.  I am a rehire, but was an employee through an acquisition.  We didn't get this introduction when we officially became SAP employees.

Cons: There can be a lack of resources as the company maintains a bit of a 'start-up' attitude.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and compensation packages can be competitive if you fight for them.

Cons: -Sometimes, not enough interaction with peers
Advice: None
Pros: -3 weeks paid vacation and additional 1 week personal time
-unlimited sick days
-Work from home
-Incentive awards
-Managers have your back
-Great building (SAP Concur)- free drinks and lots of company events with free food!

Cons: - marketing structure has gone through too many changes too quickly
Advice: None
Pros: - Many unique opportunities 
- Global company where you are always meeting new and interesting customers and colleagues from around the world

Cons: Salary
To much controlled by sales
Needs to get some core Engineering mojo back
Advice: Be bold, go everywhere money can be made by creating software solution. 
Stick to your products and iterate a few times.
Pros: Awesome people
Great culture
Diversity
Beautiful location
Great place for females

Cons: Since 60% of companies alread use our service -  limits new sales opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Leader in the market/great brand in the industry.
AP Automation is a hot topic for finance
New Innovation keeping us ahead of the competition

Cons: - Many reorgs have happened, and each comes with its own political battle.
Advice: None
Pros: - Company's focus is driven by cloud application technology
- Enabling self-learning for all employees
- Great benefits and life balancing workplace

Cons: Huge organization, development opportunities not as advertised. Change is the name of the game and you can easily fall through the cracks during organizational changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great benefits, great people, great work life balance.

Cons: It depends on the manager, but in my group working from home was not allowed, regardless of the commute.
Advice: Trust your employees more.
Pros: Great Work-Life balance. 5 weeks of vacation after just  a few years of employment.
Interesting work.

Cons: I agreed to join as an account executive. Within days of joining, they totally changed the accounts I was told I would be calling on (read: removed all the top accounts). When I asked them what was going on, they basically told me it was none of my business. Pretty much a nightmare.
Advice: None
Pros: Free coffee, I'm sure there are parts of SAP that are good places to work.

Cons: Company is so large that it can be difficult to understand what other SAP divisions do or what opportunities are available
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment and company. Good benefits and advancement opportunities

Cons: Travel policies leave something to be desired for 100% travel people.
Advice: Treat road warriors better than admin who rarely travel
Pros: Benefits of company are on par with the best in the world.  Healthcare, 401(k), Charity match are excellent

Cons: Salaries are low across the board compared to similar positions both inside and outside of SAP Tempe.
Advice: Pay competitively.
Pros: Culture is amazing and leadership cares for the employee and community at SAP Tempe.

Cons: Bureaucracy and cultural inertia in some processes and and areas can be very frustrating and hinders motivation and innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive of work/life balance and flexible work hours help employees with family responsibilities.

Cons: - Business processes can become overly complex and inhibit quick progress at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of opportunities for advancement
- Excellent benefits
- Flexible work location (depending on the position)
- Environment of teamwork
- Solid work/life balance

Cons: Internal processes can be cumbersome.
Advice: Adhere to the principles of "Run Simple"
Pros: SAP is well regarded in the enterprise software space, employees are generally very smart and great to work with, teamwork oriented culture.

Cons: Sometimes being in a large global company can be overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP provides a very collaborative environment.   
You always feel like you're part of team and what you do impacts the success of the company.

Cons: Sometimes they are a bit slow to react and wait till the last moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance.
Good Benefits &amp; Pay
Latest Tech Stack to work on
Leadership tries to answer your Why on any task you do.

Cons: Sometimes they are a bit slow to react and wait till the last moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work life balance.
Good Benefits &amp; Pay
Latest Tech Stack to work on
Leadership tries to answer your Why on any task you do.

Cons: - Too many managers in short periods of time
- Too many reorganizations
- Limited opportunities in the Bay Area, unless you are a Software Engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: - Competitive pay
- Ability to work remotely
- Great benefits
- Friendly colleagues

Cons: - A large network is required to succeed. As the organization is now very large, this may take a while.
Advice: None
Pros: - Large organization with lots of opportunity

Cons: I cant think of any
Advice: Be more agile/proactive to an industry trends, cut the fat not the muscles
Pros: dissent pay, great benefits, flexible work arrangement

Cons: Rapidly vanishing culture, controller managed, revenue and profit oriented, employees are resources, not more
Advice: Management should execute on promises that seem only marketing
Pros: Benefits are comprehensive, awesome mission

Cons: I really didn't found any cons
Advice: None
Pros: We can access all the SAP Learning hub for free and learn whatever the SAP Product you want to. Also provides free lunch facility

Cons: Some occasional issues with middle managers who are not bought into the culture and as a result work against the grain.
Advice: None
Pros: Ambitious and inspiring senior management who are extremely capable and care about employees.

Cons: Organization is large and complex.  Takes some time to find the right resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary, great technology.  Opportunities available for advancement.  Excellence is expected and most deliver.

Cons: Areas of sales management  lacking in empathy, consideration, and respect towards employees. Unqualified leaders. Favoritism. Drove employees into the ground often working 15 hr days with unrelenting harassment and publicly demeaning employees. Behavior was overlooked and condoned by senior leadership who turned a blind eye.
Advice: Listen to your employees. They have things to say
Pros: Good experience with coworkers and positive  customer experience.

Cons: Pay is less. Things move slow. No great incentives and perks to keep talented people connected to the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, good food.

Cons: Honestly, NO CONS for SAP.
Advice: Keep up the great work. I'm a loyal fan of this company.
Pros: helpful and resourceful teams, great managers and directors, awesome compensation and benefits package, outstanding office locations, warm people.

Cons: Silos. Lack of training and opportunities for training.
Advice: Work more to reduce silos.
Pros: Work life balance and benefits are very good. PTO is good.  Company morale is good. 100% remote in this role.

Cons: Flat hierarchy so reporting to different managers for different projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Good life work balance and give you opportunities to develop in the areas you have the interest with

Cons: Any of the internal SAP tools you have to use are awful. Good luck easily seeing your paystubs on SAP tools.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything works and runs as you expect it should.

Cons: It's a large company, there is a lot of process which not everyone can live with
Advice: simplify, simplify, simplify
Pros: Innovative, Progressive, Inclusive company which supports internal growth more than any other company I've worked at

Cons: Too big a company for us to understand company strategy
Advice: Should think about how to more let the employees know about the strategy and plan
Pros: Great people, great benefits, flexibility, work and life balance

Cons: Just a cog in the wheel. Since some of the critical design leadership has left, there is simply no investment in design. It's very sad.
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch, nice coworkers, beautiful campus.

Cons: None so far but I've only been here 2 months
Advice: None
Pros: This company is an amazing place to be. The benefits are top notch and the way employees are treated is motivating.

Cons: Fast paced, demanding environment, not a place for those that want an easy 9-5 job
Advice: None
Pros: Surrounded by exceptionally talented co-workers
Room to develop, grow and innovate
Company is also dedicated to serving the community

Cons: Work Perks and salary may not be as good like the neighboring companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great, benefits are quite competitive, and management encourages you to do the best every day.

Cons: Number of emails given company size and initiatives.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Amazing culture focused on retention and growth of current employees and a strong focus on diversity &amp; females in management.

Cons: Work from home option is offered by SAP but sometimes managers are reluctant to approve the same
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay; Free food and facilities; relaxed atmosphere; Good place to work with; Great Work-life balance

Cons: Travel; Can't think of any other Cons given the great opportunities the company offer
Advice: None
Pros: Customer exposure; Opportunity to address many challenging customer needs due to variety of customers
Unlimited Training and Learning oppurtunities

Cons: Hard to use all of my vacation days every year
Advice: None
Pros: Career growth opportunities
Compensation and bonuses
Benefits
Smart, fun &amp; kind co-workers
Flexibility &amp; virtual work options

Cons: Interns have the same responsibility of  full-time SDRs , can be stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Real work experience, great pay, lots of flexibility,  lots of responsibility

Cons: There is almost too much information and it can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Talented employees and plenty of support

Cons: Less competitive salary compared to other companies
Advice: Don't hire too many people when you don't need them in the first place.
Pros: Good company culture and work-life balance. 

Free food. 

Flexible work from home options.

Cons: SAP's processes are quite a burden.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP does a great job of staying in tune with the market and is not afraid to make adjustments to strategy and direction.

Cons: Long hours and can be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best places I've worked everyone is truly compassionate and cares a lot about your well being. HR is actually great to use.

Cons: Due to size, can be a bit difficult to navigate within the organization but fellow associates are always available to assist
Advice: None
Pros: Mgmt is excellent, very engaged, tremendous opportunities to advance

Cons: Big company makes a simple product appear complicated (it's not).
Advice: keep it up!
Pros: Value based culture, innovation, team work, supportive leadership, employee centric,  customer focused!q

Cons: Its so big it can be a challenge to navigate.
Advice: Keep pushing the product development to continue moving forward.
Pros: Incredibly well organized, great communication, good pay, and very professional colleagues.

Cons: If you don't like remote work it's not the job for you
Advice: Dont force people into roles based on their title
Pros: People resources quality of staff and compensation

Cons: Run simple can also lead to simplistic policies
Advice: Be more forward-looking in making strategies and give more value to the asset you already have.
Pros: Long vacation, good benefits, decent pay, open top-down communication

Cons: processes could be very long and complicated
Advice: Layoffs were short-sighted
Pros: Good work/life balance, free lunch, many Employee Resource Groups (ERG) to connect with others, very smart people

Cons: None, Unless you can't handle change. For a large company things can change quickly. I think that is a Pro....
Advice: None
Pros: People are amazing, look forward to coming into work everyday.

Cons: Compensation is on the lower end of tech companies in the Silicon Valley, but overall benefits are good
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance.  financially strong and growing company with good exec leadership

Cons: Compensation is on the lower end of tech companies in the Silicon Valley, but overall benefits are good
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance.  financially strong and growing company with good exec leadership

Cons: Lack of cohesion between all the different companies within the organization, hazy career paths
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, good people, endless opportunities to explore outside interests (i.e. fellowships, incubators, affinity groups, etc.), benefits

Cons: The job can be challenging with constant change.
Advice: Continue to be true to what made the company great.
Pros: Flexible, challenging and growth.  Always something new and challenging but

Cons: Only con would be if you did not apply yourself and be committed to your role
Advice: none at this time
Pros: Training programs to help with new products and technologies

Cons: very big, so sometimes slow to move/react.  sales strategies change frequently - sometimes hard to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: Great co-workers, great benefits, very strong sales, excellent opportunities for growth

Cons: Poor Management, too many frequent changes in org structure.
Advice: Please stop changing the org structure and overall business strategy frequently.
Pros: Good salary, flexible on work location, hours etc

Cons: Sometimes very hierarchical, longer turn around time for execution
Advice: None
Pros: Higher employee engagement, best place to work for, great empathy and great care for employees

Cons: Organizational models can be a little heavy
Advice: Continue to reward employees at all levels
Pros: Innovative and flexible work environment.  Open to change and moving forward.

Cons: Company seems too top heavy.  Frequent reorganizations.  Sometimes mandates useless training.  The year end process is a frustrating, time consuming, counterproductive experience!
Advice: None
Pros: Good employment. Decent pay and benefits.

Cons: Poor leadership, good ole boys club, poor training
Advice: Spend time developing employees. Quit hiring Execs kids out of college that have no experience.
Pros: Remote work, decent benefits

Cons: Might seem to be old fashion at times.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP takes care of its employees. Is a place to gain global experience. There are many opportunities for growth.

Cons: Work/life balance is tough. This is as much on me as the company.
Advice: Keep up the transparency!
Pros: The super smart people!  They keep me interested.

Cons: I don't see cons so far
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance. Job rotation and many alternatives of activities that will make your work more dynamic and fun.

Cons: Bad architecture.
Crappy culture
No desire to innovate. 
Depressing.
Relatively low pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
SAP's air cover.

Cons: Part of SAP - a huge organization sometimes hard to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: A flexible, casual, collaborative place to work.   Generous salary and PTO.

Cons: It's extremely large and takes time to understand the entire ecosystem.
Advice: Keep working hard
Pros: They care about their employees and it shows from top level all the way down.

Cons: Slow to change
People are not that fun
technology is not advanced in my department
Advice: Change faster
Pros: Culture is great, the people are ok but not amazing. Parking is ok mostly

Cons: There needs to be a more clear plan on how to properly integrate the new acquisitions from customer standpoint
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to grow, learn new skills

Cons: Upper management does not have a vision. Regularly changes how you are measured.
Advice: None
Pros: Go coworkers 
Great product

Cons: With a company this large, it can sometimes be difficult to track down what team/person is responsible for a specific thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great transparency, communication, and corporate environment

Cons: Competitive culture can bring out the worst in some people, while others might not handle it well.
Advice: None
Pros: Even though the sales culture is competitive, they fully support us.

Cons: See above for additional information
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of good experiences and learning for someone new to the industry but a lot of work and low pay for the effort

Cons: Confusion on Role definitions in GCO
Advice: Shore up Roles and alignments to prevent confusion
Pros: Ability to move around within company, entrepreneurial spirit, access to innovation and helping to define industries

Cons: Low pay.  Medical expense is high. Benefits all right.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance. Lots of opportunity to grow. Colleagues are great

Cons: Pay could be a little better
Advice: Increase the pay to compete with pay rates for other companies in the same industry
Pros: Great company to work for. Lots of opportunity

Cons: Work can be slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: Really cares about their employees and treats them well

Cons: It's hard to think of a con when the company does everything right.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is important not just to the individual person but to the leadership.

Cons: it's a big company so internal initiatives tend to drag on
Advice: None
Pros: good culture and work/life balance, great benefits, good paternity/maternity leave schedule, LGBT+ representation, strong women in leadership

Cons: couldn't find any, if have to, only the salarie too low in US
Advice: None
Pros: full of oppurtunities, many intraprenuer ship funding, big but innovative

Cons: Travel Expectations can be challenging
Advice: Simplify the amount of Client Facing Leaders, we need to look like One Company
Pros: Balanced Approach for Company/Personal Needs

Cons: Vision changes often and can be very confusing for employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Present in many industries, so there are a lot of opportunities to do different work within the organisation

Cons: Hard to navigate larger organization. Business can sometimes feel siloed and could be better brand awareness across all LOBs.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance 
Flexibility
Friendly co-workers
Amazing benefits (individual and family)
Unlimited PTO

Cons: The company is too large.   There isn't a good life/work balance.
Advice: Be more available for your employees
Pros: Flexible time, great bonus, great benefits and great people.

Cons: As in most large companies, frequent change must be navigated.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and priorities. The CEO instills a focus on customers and their success

Cons: Too many org changes and frequent shift of priorities.
Advice: Do not acquire more companies.
Pros: Great place work with emphasis on diversity of cultures. Wide range of product portfolio.

Cons: Hard work with large company challenges.
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to develop career.  Company is sales focused and constantly innovating in an effort to support aggressive customer success.

Cons: Would like some face-to-face meetings every few months or so.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and benefits and flexible hours and can work at home

Cons: Must assimilate.  Innovation stifled.  Process doesn't allow for experimentation,
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits.  Process oriented.  Stable company.

Cons: Organizational complexity to make change quickly
Legacy technology stack makes it slow
Advice: None
Pros: Strong presence in the market
Lots of opportunity to improve product and experience

Cons: Performance culture that can lead to long hours for those that want to be recognized
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, development opportunities, freedom to explore new business areas or roles

Cons: - Large company
- sometimes the scale does not allow us to move fast
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong Management
- Culture of winning
- Company values employee

Cons: Not many. Maybe doesnt pay wallstreet?
Advice: None
Pros: Great community, strong company vision, no one is too big or too small.

Cons: Lots of internal lingo that takes time to get used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, compensation, and leadership, good work-life balance, and flexible work environment.

Cons: Have not found a con yet.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: High Integrity, Strong Management, Invest in Employees, Encourage Volunteerism

Cons: None. Look forward to coming to work every day.
Advice: None. Management is the best!!
Pros: Love it. Best place to work!!

Cons: Large organization, can be daunting at times, some required administrative tasks are frustrating
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent Learning Opportunities
Surrounded by Smart People
Community Involvement Encouraged
Ample Personal Time Off

Cons: Takes a bit to get used to compartmentalized offices &amp; lack of in-house HR team.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance
Company Culture
Flexible Hours
Learning Fostered from Management

Cons: Very little innovation on a day to day basis
Advice: None
Pros: Some SAP teams have started using open source software so its more interesting to develop

Cons: *Sometimes a lack of focus
*Innovation is slow
Advice: None
Pros: *Probably the nicest group of people I have ever worked with.
*Great work-life balance
*Career well supported

Cons: Always changing is both a pro and a con at times. SAP has brought many changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, pay, office/parking, innovations and always changing

Cons: Micro Product Strategy; Leadership Fluctuation; Moral of Long Term SFSF Employees
Advice: None
Pros: Macro Strategy; Internal Opportunities; Ownership Culture; Employee Centric; Not a One Trick Pony

Cons: very big, lots to learn if you’re goal is to be a specialist
Advice: None
Pros: Company is a product leader and innovator. Incredible focus on employees.

Cons: Wish interns had more visibility when switching to full time.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Amazing people!
Great Culture!
Tons of fun!

Cons: Sometimes difficult to reach correct HR individual
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to join communities always available

Cons: Inconsistent changes but not very unusual for technology company
Advice: None
Pros: Great life and work balance

Cons: -Constant re-orgs
-lack of vision
-Not the most exciting space
Advice: None
Pros: -great campus
-great benefits  -free food, vanpool options , health club
-lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Very political environment, you must align with the right individuals in management
Advice: None
Pros: Cutting edge technology
Good pay and benefits

Cons: Very little innovation on a day to day basis
Advice: None
Pros: Some SAP teams have started using open source software so its more interesting to develop

Cons: A lot of your success is based on a good territory.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work for. People are willing to help.

Cons: Execution at times feels like could be handled better
Advice: None
Pros: Culture,  people,  benefits really a great place to work

Cons: Red tape, bureaucracy, no long term vision.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, work-life balance, bonus

Cons: Limited cross team opportunities
Rigid PERM process for foreigners
Advice: Encourage employees to move cross teams and gain diverse expertise
Pros: Strong core development team
Work Life Balance

Cons: Limited cross team opportunities
Rigid PERM process for foreigners
Advice: Encourage employees to move cross teams and gain diverse expertise
Pros: Strong core development team
Work Life Balance

Cons: Politics and management are awful
Advice: None
Pros: Coworkers are nice and chill, easy to work with

Cons: age structure, over 50% employees are over 40 years old. Need more new blood
Advice: None
Pros: colleagues are nice and good management

Cons: a bit bureaucratic, large corporation
Advice: None
Pros: very good extras: health insurance, retirement, vacation
amazing customers to work with

Cons: Culture and continuity in leadership
Advice: Need clear execution of strategy and vision
Pros: Excellent benefits and opportunity, strong values

Cons: I have not seen any
Advice: None
Pros: Provides a great platform to work, great people and continuous learning . Excellent Managers to support

Cons: Sometimes its hard to find the right person(s) to answer questions completely.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Vision; Good Execution; Fantastic impact/value for customers. Great Benefits. Great People!

Cons: Hard to get to know your colleagues as most people work remote
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, flexible work time

Cons: Tedious work. Cold calling gets old fast
Advice: Keep doing what youre doing
Pros: Excellent culture, easygoing managers who want to help you succeed. Fast promotions!

Cons: Can get bad manager, choose wisely.
Advice: Don't withhold or hide details about job duties.
Pros: Good benefits and PTO.  Working with smart, solid coworkers.

Cons: Large companies can be a blt difficult to navigate
Advice: Great job by management
Pros: Awesome culture, lots of autonomy to do your job

Cons: Does not do H1 within US . Very rarely.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has large number of products . So get to learn new things

Cons: need to be flexible with time to work with teams spread across the globe
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities for professional development

Cons: Cant think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing. They truly care about you're well being and overall success.

Cons: No desire to address the systemic issues.
Advice: None
Pros: Ability to work from home.

Cons: We are all expendable at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people across the whole organization.

Cons: - repetitive tasks due to less innovative environment.
- frequently changing strategies
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers great benefits, and also encourages work-life balance.

Cons: Nothing from my perspective.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is good and the benefits are great.

Cons: Some systems/processes are difficult to navigate through
Advice: Management/leadership, pretty down to earth
Pros: Great work/life balance in the company

Cons: Hard to move internally in the company and not many functional jobs available
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for engineers and tech specialist

Cons: Vertical Growth opportunities are limited
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company Culture and Work Life Balance

Cons: too micromanagement and lack of quality work
Advice: None
Pros: good facility and office. Good perks and free lunch

Cons: The innovation of company is not as rapid as Silicon valley pace.
Advice: None
Pros: the company give a lot of flexibility to work.

Cons: It has lot of processes to get the ball moving forward
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a good work life bance

Cons: Not many but salary could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits
Great work environment

Cons: Management unaware of area. German based.
Advice: Put people in charge that know the area and job.
Pros: Big company. More assured bonuses. Higher salary.

Cons: Very slow and not very fast to adopt new technologies.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits and Insurance , good work life balance.

Cons: As a consultant, travel too much
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment and nice people to work with. Work life balance is good.

Cons: Fast paced.  Can be high stress at times.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of growth opportunity.  Great pay and benefits.

Cons: Need more user friendly technology to get your work done efficiently .
Advice: None
Pros: Manage your own business.
Strong management that listens.

Cons: Large company so complex and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance; strong benefits; supportive leadership; meaningful work

Cons: Work demands too much time outside of work hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Great Management. Forward Thinking. Fast Paced.

Cons: Strategy in constant motion and continuous organizational change
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, good pay and great benefits.  Great teammates and easy commute.

Cons: Long process to get ideas to execution
Advice: Make ideating and execution easier
Pros: Opportunity, Learning, Network, Manager, Role

Cons: Can be difficult to work across business units and countries.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and culture. Good management through all levels.

Cons: There were honestly no cons.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Amazing employee culture and fast growth potential.

Cons: Competing product strategy within SAP 
Too often change in senior leadership
Too many silos
Advice: None
Pros: Great emphasis on Diversity
Lot of career opportunities

Cons: less money; kind of lay back compare to other startups;
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work life balance; nice tech stack; great opportunity;

Cons: multi level management corporate environment
management not in tune with employees
Advice: None
Pros: large company with many departments

Cons: Legacy code. Restructuring from SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB, work from home culture on fridays.

Cons: Waves of consolidations.
Large company and therefore sometimes hard to find the right resources.
Advice: More communications
Pros: Opportunities to move around.
Work from home.

Cons: So many issues and too little time
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic; constructive; heart &amp; sould in the right place

Cons: no clear path QA mindset
Advice: None
Pros: good cloud product 
trying to use new technology

Cons: Org changes  disturb the momentum and priorities.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging Opportunities  at work and Continuous learning.

Cons: - steady changes in upper management
Advice: None
Pros: - pay
- work life balance
- management
- freedom to work without being micromanaged

Cons: experience heavily depends on your rotation team
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience, lots of amenities, good benefits

Cons: I can't think of any right now.
Advice: Stay focused and encourage training.
Pros: Focused on Diversity and Inclusion.

Cons: RSU/Stock vests annually versus quarterly
Advice: Change vesting
Pros: Great training, very good compensation and ability to overachieve

Cons: My work was never very interesting.
Advice: none
Pros: Stable employment environment during my 25 years.

Cons: Nothing I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work culture, Good benefits, and good experience working on great products.

Cons: Unethical legal team, dishonest management, overwork
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great colleagues, interesting customers and projects

Cons: very competitive since everyone is very talented and works hard
Advice: None
Pros: broad portfolio, innovative technology, great strategy

Cons: cant think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, flexible working environment, fast paced, dynamic, superb career opportunities

Cons: Frequent re-organizations, senior leadership turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive employee culture with a focus on volunteering, diversity/inclusion and work-life balance

Cons: Low growth
Sticking to same level
Team leaders
Upper management not good
Traffic
Advice: None
Pros: Food
Freedom
Passion
Management
Outings
Great place
Nice place to work for

Cons: Difficult to break into executive track
Advice: Keep promoting from within whenever possible
Pros: Great culture, team members, benefits

Cons: End of quarter is very stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and Values, and place high regard on ethics

Cons: Big company, expect a slower pace than a start-up
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: Seniority is something mostly evaluated by age in the San Ramon location.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is pretty good.

Cons: The lack of parking at the Palo Alto office
Advice: None
Pros: People
Atmosphere
Free lunch
Events
Flexibility to work from home

Cons: Portfolio of products is too large for 1 person to support
Advice: None
Pros: All the perks of a large company.

Cons: We are still a complex organization.
Advice: Continue to simplify
Pros: Great Benefits, flexible hours, competitive compensation.

Cons: needs to travel and the promotion opportunity is less
Advice: None
Pros: good benifit and good environment

Cons: Everything goes pretty slow, sometimes too chill
Advice: None
Pros: time very flexible, unlimited PTO, work from home Friday

Cons: nothing to say on this category
Advice: None
Pros: Work Culture, Work life balance, Career move inside SAP

Cons: Very silo'ed departments, limited communication between departments
Advice: None
Pros: Good Compensation &amp; benefits, responsible, great people

Cons: German company, conservative, slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: Learn about design thinking and have chance work with top companies

Cons: Could have better cafeteria food
Advice: None
Pros: Work with exceptional people passionate about delivering value to customers.

Cons: Legacy products, moving within the company is hard
Advice: None
Pros: Free food, Flexible timings,

Cons: There are no real cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and overall work/life balance

Cons: Too hierarchical, progression is heavily based on relationships
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership values, transparency, work ethics

Cons: low risk low rewards low innovation
Advice: innovate
Pros: a lot of great professionals to work with

Cons: lots of pressure, constant change
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, people, earning opportunity, large complex deals

Cons: Slow to adapt to changes, too much internal politics
Advice: None
Pros: Good work / life balance

Cons: big corporation, too many management layers
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture, amazing portfolio of products

Cons: No good work
Learning curve low
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Good management
Good perks

Cons: difficult to move on after couple of years
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours, nice pay, good people

Cons: company has no great leaders except CEO.
Advice: None
Pros: great work-life balance, free lunch, nice campus, people are good

Cons: No work life balance in my current working group
Advice: Good Company
Pros: Good Company and friendly environment

Cons: Management and process heavy
Advice: Go back to your roots - think start-up!
Pros: Great training and competitive benefits

Cons: Travel could be hectic based on customer project
Advice: None
Pros: Learning is part of the job

Cons: I could do without the commute traffic.
Advice: None
Pros: Working at a beautiful campus with great people.

Cons: I have nothing negative
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great people, and overall a wonderful place to work.
