Cons: Constant and annoying reorganization. Promoting from within, and unfair/biased treatment towards those who are very attractive and (usually) female. Some upper management and VP's have such an over-inflated ego, and nothing seems to be done about it when it is painfully obvious to so many people. There is definitely an upper echelon of management here who are in effect an "inside ring"  of some corruption and although they try to pride themselves on transparency the truth is that they are anything but.  Also an extreme amount of outsourcing/contracting to India, which makes it much more difficult to work productively on a local team.
Advice: There is some serious work that needs to be done to make this company competitive and forward-thinking for it to survive the onslaught from Oracle and others. Stop outsourcing to India.
Pros: SAP was a good place to work in terms of the workplace environment. Many perks, like a gym, cafeteria, and a nice campus. They treated employees relatively well. Good salary and benefits, especially compared to others my age. Good philanthropic efforts.

Cons: - Adding layers upon layers of complexity and personnel, overlapping sales teams
- Poor direction related to sales coverage, meaning confusing face presented to customer
- Management often focuses on activity rather than purely results - quantitative rather than qualitative
- Some baffling hiring decisions, resulting in VERY inexperienced and/or external people getting management positions based upon ...?
- Abuse of flexibility - some people come in and out all day then leave at 2 in the afternoon?
- Career advancement can be quite difficult - lots of different groups but very hard to move from one to another (marketing to sales, sales to operations, etc)
Advice: Enable more collaboration and career opportunities between organizations and regions - there are many talented and driven people within SAP who want to advance into different roles but silos prevent them from pursuing outside of their initial position.  Reward based on quality not quantity.
Pros: - Benefits are generous
- Compensation for a non-direct sales role is good
- Many smart and capable people
- Community outreach and volunteerism
- Industry leader and broad portfolio to pitch

Cons: As time went on, the American corporate greed really started showing its ugly face to the employees. While the financial growth of the company was in double digits every quarter and year to year, the employee benefits swiftly went down from good to neutral to poor. The C-Level bonuses went up and so is the incompetence and cronyism. Though the company preaches training, self improvement, family time etc for well rounded life, it is never practiced. Your training time will not be counted for productivity and so is your vacation. As an employee to get good bonus you almost have to kill yourself working. One of the biggest con is the bonus calculations. You are never told how your bonus was calculated.
Advice: The middle and upper management should be open in announcing their salaries and bonuses and let the employees know the formula for employee bonuses.
Pros: When I started early this decade, it still had the European impact and the employee benefits were very good. The SAP application platform still is still a very good product.

Cons: Big license sales have fallen off the cliff, SAP is going to have to adjust to the new economy and I don't think they have. VP's and SVP's have some very large ego's that are not warranted. A few of them are so self centered it is hard to explain. Relentless pressure to close big sales. Obtuse expense reporting process, horrible CRM.
Advice: Bill needs to clean house at the EVP and SVP level. Many need firing. in consulting, in utilities, in public sector in product management. Dont put your friends in a job. Put qualified people in the job. Encourage loyalty and respect to subordinates. Let the pressure off a little on the sales force. The pace has been accelerating for 8 years. Cannot keep pushing forever.
Pros: You can make good money selling software at SAP. Benefits are good. Sales engineers and sales support overall is above average. You can move into new jobs.

Cons: Worked like a dog, far too inwardly focussed - as if Bill McDermott is a god, not just going for CEO but the Papacy. Huge number of internal reports and spreadhseets - huge CYA meetings and reporting. Shamed/Embrassed by poor customer value delivered for software and esp support. Now a hire and fire organisation - do not expect a career in sales at SAP ,just work your butt off, hang on and enjoy the ride.
Advice: Focus on delivering real value to the customers - you have forgot them in the internal battles, they will not go on forgiving you.
Pros: Great compensation package - very high commission for software sales. Huge brand advertising and PR machine - real door opener. Customers CV is wrapped up in SAP Brand and they support - almost slavishly.  Good events and great Philly office.

Cons: Outside of sales - if you're not based in Germany good luck with any promotion desires.  Within sales - expect an annual 'nail biting' period when you'll be restructured or let go.  Sales jobs fluctuate wildly, and no good results go unpunished (quotas increased regularly when overachieved).  Outside of sales (marketing, development, etc.) - staffing is very lean and again, unless you're located in Germany you have little hope of serious advancement - ensure you're hired into the position and salary you want in the long term, because that's all you'll get..
Advice: brilliance is all around you. Don't require concentrations of staff in Palo Alto, NewTown Square or Walldorf -- let people work where they live (you're a technology company afterall), and recognize strong leadership outside of your home country.
Pros: Good bonus structure and great benefits package.  exposure to really smart people and products across the board.

Cons: still some of the problems that any large organization has but nothing dramatic.
Advice: keep up the communication, the forward looking strategy and the increased push into mobile and ondemand products and we will continue to be winners. DON'T reduce benefits any more than you have over the last two years.
Pros: Employee motivation has completely changed after the 2008/2009 slump and everybody is energized and highly motivated now that we have two amazing CEOs and a great strategy for SAP's future. SAP is going to be the dominating force in the OnDemand ERP market in addition to the mobile and on premise solutions. The CEO's are amazing and compared to Oracle's rude/annoying CEO are many levels above Ellison. Benefits are good, not amazing but what company still provides "amazing" benefits? Teams are working well together and the company is working on better empowerment of employees. Great coworkers with high work ethics, everybody is working hard, only a few that slide by without contributing.

Cons: It is a very large company.  As a sales rep, there are lots of people who touch accounts.   As a specialist, I map to several teams and juggling that with my own sales efforts is a major struggle.  Assimilation into the machine has been very slow at best - I'm part of a group that was an acquisition - but progress has been made.  It also hasn't been made clear to me what my career path will be starting next year and down the road.
Advice: None at this time.
Pros: Great company with great vision.  Tremendous support from all levels.  Lots of talented folks here who are hard working.  Great diversity and corporate culture.  Bonus structure has a good balance of capitalism and socialism - meaning it includes personal KPIs as well as corporate goals.   Benefits are great!

Cons: Too much of the focus today is on sales and marketing goals (and results), with not enough recognition of general economy.   Product development and solutions expertise seems to have become a second priority wtih executive management looking at the numbers drive.   The "partner" game and high margin goals can cause bad behavior.
Advice: Make sure that there is a better balance on focus to develpment, delivery and support of the solutions.  Keep listening with respect to the huge customer base and don't just chase "net new" business partners/customers all the time.
Pros: Outstanding products, solutions and efforts toward innovation.  Many bright, hard working and aggressive people.  Connections in the industry are great and SAP "card" is a door opener.

Cons: -Consulting sales is pretty bad.. Not impressive at all. Being a consultant, it bothers me a lot because consulting team at SAP is one of the best anyone could ever find. 
-Lot of travelling
-Every other person is from Ivy League school. So, my Ivy degree didnt help me much.. Had to work real hard for recognitiion.
-Expectations are high from consultants. So, where consultants from other companies sit back and relax, we have to struggle a lot. Maybe due to our $300/hr billing rate.. 
-Its not what it used to be..
Advice: Please reduce the new management layer introduced recently. it was great the way it was - 4 years ago..
Pros: -Great place to work
-Learnt a lot
-Enjoyed the brand recognition
-Chance to work with one of the smartest brains. Atleast in IT
-Good bonus
-Emphasis on training

Cons: As mentioned above Cambridge, MA field office is not a place to put your professional career on a fast track.
Advice: The lower level management seems to be down to earth but higher ups need to invest more time into finding out what it is their subordinates do and how they do it.
Pros: The company definitely makes an impact and is full of opportunities to learn and grow with but ... for that you have to move to California where its headquarter is. Field offices (at least Cambridge one) offer limited space to grow - you hit glass ceiling very quickly.
Cambridge, MA office offers free public transport pass, lunches (fairly good), reasonably large work space. Employees are respected by the management. The company offers tuition support for some courses.

Cons: Senior management unwilling to recognize economic business conditions and recalibrate sales  revenue expectations accordingly. Mid level micro-management and consistent second guessing of agreed upon sales strategy. Internal sales meetings and calls are CYA events and not open discussions focused on closing deals.
Advice: Adjust revenue expectations to the economic conditions. Allow your talented, well compensated professionals to perform without intense scrunity of every action / decision. Encourage sales managers to spend more time and effort directly assisting sales executives rather than seeking opportunity updates.
Pros: Many knowledgeable and skilled employees willing to assist each other and committed to customer success. Best in class solutions and deep resources available for marketing and sales assistance. Competitive salary, plan, benefits. Teamwork environment that shares success.

Cons: Too much focus in rewarding Senior Management. Not an equal opportunity employer comparing benefits offered to employees in different geographies: much more benefits offered to workforce in Germany and selected countries. Pressure is extreme. HR, Recruiting and Purchasing processes often fail, due to dependency on very few resources (i.e. vacation time disrupt processes). Yearly decrease of benefits to match industry peers.
Advice: Replacement of CEO. Market share and margin must not be the priority, but the result of a customer centric culture.
Pros: Good industry, exposure to new trends and technologies. Conservative company, engaged in sustainability activities. Facilities are appropriate with resources needed to work. Offices usually located in suburbs (rarely in downtown or centric places).

Cons: Despite the best of intentions, SAP continues to be mired in bureaucracy and indecision.  It takes WAY too long to get even the simplest of decisions made.  People who are go-getters or high performers tend to get frustrated at the lack of discipline in the senior ranks, and the severe lack of management courage.
Advice: Making a fast decision with facts on hand, and executing quickly always beats a long drawn out decision with complete information.  Move out those who can't decide.
Pros: SAP is a benevolent place, they genuinely care about employees.  In general, I believe that the senior management really really want to build a better SAP.

Cons: SAP is a large firm.  If you are not used to working for a large organization it may not be for you.  You must work hard but if you do you can reap strong rewards.
Advice: None at this time
Pros: Technology Vision
Leadership Position in Market.  Name recognition helps in sales but the strong products and cusotmer references help progress the sales cycle.
SAP All in One is incredibly strong for the large, global operations.
SAP Business One is growing rapidly in Market Share with over 25,000 customers.
Strategic Acquistions to Enhance current Offerings include Busienss Objects-Crystal Reports and Sybase Mobility.   
Cutomer Focused.

Cons: As a German company with a works council, "down in the weeds" you can get people who are difficult to impossible to move out of their job into something more appropriate. These aren't always slackers - sometimes it's just a bad fit personally or skills-wise, but this is the flip-side of a company where almost no one ever gets fired.

SAP is a huge company, and making a change here is like turning a cruiseship - it doesn't happen fast, ever. So it can be frustrating to feel like we can't be as agile as other companies when we need to be.
Advice: Conduct more "360" reviews of executive managers. We are routinely polled on the performance of our direct manager, but the majority of problems I've experienced have been with my manager's manager, or another level up - and we don't have the chance to give that feedback typically.
Pros: I've never seen a business where information is shared so freely among co-workers and teams. It's a very entrepreneurial company, so you can really mold your experience here depending on what you are interested to do. The majority of managers are very supportive to enable you to get what you want from your job and experience with SAP, and with its German heritage, work-life balance is usually very good (e.g., vacation policy, sick days, flex schedules).

There are virtually never layoffs... the Board goes to great extremes to find ways to prevent this, and even acquisitions don't always result in mass layoffs.  I've been impressed at their handling of the company finances, especially during the recession.

I work with an amazing group of people who really care about our customers, their work, and the quality of our software. I'm very proud to be an employee, and I understand why so many people who start as customers end up working here.

Cons: Excessive politics and way too many turf wars. Probably inevitable for a large company, but still hampers productivity and can be demotivating. Strategic direction changes every 6 months.
Advice: Keep your CEOs for more than a few years. Establish a vision and a strategy and stick to it for the long haul. Remove processes (and don't remove them through a process).
Pros: Extremely flexible schedule works really well for people with young families. Good compensation, excellent benefits. Best of both worlds--European approach to employment (job relatively secure), American approach to being an employee (less structure).

Cons: Away from headquarters is a pro and a con
Little control over work assignments and time for execution
Many organizational levels make it difficult to be influential
Male-dominated  and type A mentality
Diversity is great but also means some cultural differences to overcome
Heavy administrative processes (expense, performance reviews, procurement, etc.)
Advice: Invest in improving internal systems and work on empowering managers and employees.
Pros: Travel opportunities to Europe and Asia
Great campus in the Bay area
Solid company offers stability and great benefits
Cares about employee retention and diversity
New efforts towards gender equity
Top-down culture but engages with employees before and after making decisions
Good social citizen with focus on sustainability

Cons: Some management and senior leadership were inexperienced and unable to coach or guide junior level employees.  Marketing plans and programs were often stalled due to an inability to make a decision.
Advice: Consider using brand or reputation management tools to evaluate effectiveness of marketing or pr programs.  New management should be required to take classes and have assigned mentors to guide them through their new roles.
Pros: Decent career paths if you have the right manager.  Benefits are good (health coverage, regular pay increases and bonuses and 401K).  There are a lot of employee education opportunities.  Work-life balance is respected.

Cons: Quota is too high.  Workload depeding on the amount of customers you have can be overwhelming.  I found myself doing a lot of account management work that doesn't pay the bills.
Advice: Compensate AE's for doing account managment work for those activities related to a cusotmers satifsfaction approval while reducing our quotas.
Pros: Company recognition on the resume.  Everyone wants to hire reps from SAP.  The good ones know who to manage a large complex sales cycle calling on C level execs and manage a large sales support team.

Cons: I'll let you know when I find one.  They are few and far between.  They need twenty words here so that should do it.
Advice: 
Pros: At SAP I am surrounded by A+ people.  There are very few weak links.  This allows me to do my job with great effectiveness since I do not have to double check or validate any of the support work done for me by other people.  This efficiency is priceless.

Cons: *Fumbles with change
*Slow to change direction
*Too many politics
*Lack of clarity
Advice: *Be more thoughtful of how reorgs are done. Make the decisions. Implement. And move on. Dont drag it out. 
*Lighten up on middle management. There are way too many chiefs and vice chiefs and senior vice chiefs and not enough Indians (Native American, not those from India) to do the work.
Pros: *Excellent benefits package 
*401K matching (%)
*Educational reimbursement 
*New stock purchase program being developed
*Incredibly passionate workforce
*Good food!

Cons: Some departments are too technically driven without a view of the bigger picture and sometimes have 2 similar products competing for same customer.
Advice: Too many products and too little cooperation in the middle ranks is leading to sales and customer confusion. First pare and then you will snare the revenues.
Pros: Smart, energetic set of people depending on the group. 
Management is very engaged for a company that size. 
Great place to learn

Cons: Limited opportunities for advancement on the Pres-sales sid of the house.
Advice: We need to ensure that we remain competitive. We need to ensure that the products we sell are high on usability and have a consistent look and feel.
Pros: The people are SAP's greatest asset. I have found most of the people to be kind, considerate, team players. Not back-stabbing opportunists as I experienced with Oracle. SAP is high on mentoring, sharing information and ensuring that we are all well educated.

Cons: - Lots of Red Tape
- "Boiler-room" type atmosphere
- "Whatever-it-takes" attitude for sales opportunities
- High pressure from management
- Countless middle-management and VP positions, easy to get lost in corporate structure
Advice: Remove the excess layers of middle-management and promote a better work-life balance. There is too much emphasis on devoting your life to work to be successful.
Pros: - Great Resume Recognition
- Excellent Training
- Excellent Career Advancement
- Great Internal Resources
- Good Benefit Structure (free lunch to employees)

Cons: Not many opportunities for advancement unless you are really visible. Work life balance can be a challenge as with most global companies.
Advice: Be more inclusive to a younger workforce and provide more opportunities for advancement. Invest in the training and development in employees (expand the HR organization).
Pros: Great colleagues and often times manager. Many employees work from home and few managers seem to complain. Like many Silicon valley companies, great on-site amenities.

Cons: Size and complexity of management level. Who is taking accountability isnt really a strength. Need to focus more on client and less on internal satisfaction. Too many managers.
Advice: Lean the company on management side. Redce the overlapping responsibilitis. Good efforts have been taken at the beginning of 2009. Keep this up.
Pros: SAP is a great company to work for, despite its size and sometimes attitude. 
Good compensation. Good opportunity to grow. Very international. Friendly work environment.

Cons: Work life balance is not very good. Too many people that do no work but in administrative roles.
No adequate training and no focus on personal/career development
Advice: Improve work life balance of the employees. Check the employee pulse more often and ensure that they are trained. Reduce micromanagement on services/reports and focus on more value.
Pros: Good benefits and perks in company
Strong work ethics 
A good product and passionate people in thecompany
Depending on the team, the dynamics can be good or bad.

Cons: Little advancement for women; very few women in leadership and management positions
Allow poor mangement to remain and even promote them
Advice: Need to take employee feedback from Employee Sat survey and begin to either train or discipline poor managers or put them on a Performance Plan and dismiss them.
Pros: Good work life balance, competitive pay; very pleased with company embracing virtual and remote employees.

Cons: Complicated hierarchy... A lot of time wasted in useless stuff (probably because it is a german company). Hard to get a position
Advice: Treat your interns better and offer them positions. They are the future of the company. A real internship program would be good.
Pros: Great experience as an internship. SAP is a very interesting company and one of the leader for ERPs. Many great people at SAP.

Cons: Struggling to change from a process driven organization ( but making progress)
You can end up working your tail off
Big expectation that you deliver
Advice: Continue the evolution to an innovation-driven organization
Listen to new, fresh ideas and leaders
Keep up the great work
Pros: Great people
Serious renewed focus on innovation
Encouraged to step out and make your own path
Rewarded for performance
Weeding out the "old guard"

Cons: must be a self-starter, must be high energy and  be able to navigate a matrix org
Advice: Continue to focus on customer needs
Pros: great learning, smart co-workers, encourage Type a employees to tak initiatve - they say there is no "free lunch" but at SAP lunch is provided

Cons: must be a self-starter, must be high energy and  be able to navigate a matrix org
Advice: Continue to focus on customer needs
Pros: great learning, smart co-workers, encourage Type a employees to tak initiatve - they say there is no "free lunch" but at SAP lunch is provided

Cons: Moving to new lanes of technology is impossible
You are expert in one area, die in that area or resign out of the company
No cross training in other areas
Less pay than others
Advice: No use telling anything to them. They know it already, but won't change.
Pros: Top notch technologies to learn
Cutting edge technology opportunities

Cons: Make sure you have an executive sponsor at all times to protect you in tough times and as managment frequently changes.
Advice: Bill and managment does a great job however when working in other area's of the globe it can be difficult as you are treated as an outsider.
Pros: Great Pay, great benefits and intelligent workforce

Cons: Little room for advancement
Middle Managers make poor decisions without seeking advice from staff
Advice: Hire the smartest people and train them and promote them.  Stop shuffling bad people from one division of the company to the next.
Pros: Good Pay
Good Benefits
Perks like free lunch and gym on site

Cons: Like all big companies SAP has over years acquired small businesses and each brings its own culture. So not all groups have the same work culture. Talk to other employees if you can before you join.
Advice: Make sure the lower management takes employee surveys seriously and does not mask the review results.
Pros: Don't have much opinion about SAP as a whole and don't any positive to share about the group I work with.

Cons: Managers are disconnected from employees.  Managers feel elite and treat employee's like they aree scum.
Advice: Stop acting like elitists and get in touch with your employees.  Stop being passive aggressive. If you have something to address, maybe do it in person rather than by a sarcastic email.
Pros: Good food in the cafeteria. That's the only good point about working there.

Cons: Plenty of incapable managers.
Extremely slow in responding to bad management. 
No mechanism to get feedback on managers.
Advice: Introduce 360 deg feedback. Ensure technical people are not strangled by people (mis)managers.
Pros: Great Work/Life Balance. Not a hire/fire type of company .

Cons: Work life imbalance. Limited opportunities to shift lateraly. Management focus in US on sales rather than employee satisfaction and growth.
Advice: Career developement and satisfaction of employyes. topline and bottomline is important but if the employyes are not satisfied SAP cannot grow.
Pros: Opportunities to learn. Resolve chaleenging issues for clients.

Cons: No clear strategy /transparency and coomunication between HQ in Germany and satelite offices
Advice: More empowerment to local offices , less top-down initiatives from HQ in Germany
Pros: Not too much stress, freedom of choice to participate in interesting initiatives/projects

Cons: Decreasing benefits.  Bonus structure won't allow even for vacation or educational benefits.
Advice: Salary need to be in par with onther consultaing firms.
Pros: Good brand name.   Very challenging.

Cons: Over the years, many quality people left and were replaced with incompetents who were more interested in advancing their careers than in the success of the company.
Advice: Fire some of the VPs and middle managers.
Pros: Back in the day, SAP was a great place to work. The benefits were good and quality of people excellent.

Cons: -no gym
-hard to understand organization
-too many people that add no value
-company lacks vision
Advice: develop a sound, simple strategy and get everyone on board
Pros: -Free lunch
-nice building to work in

Cons: no growth opportunities; no appreciation of good work
Advice: make promotions transparent; develop people internally instead of hiring outside the company
Pros: collegial atmosphere; good work life balance;

Cons: Bureaucratic, too big, too process centric
Advice: Cut the redundancy for efficiency
Pros: Good employee facilities Good technology

Cons: Career growth is limited as Palo Alto is considered an expensive location
Advice: 
Pros: Job Stability is a big plus during recession times

Cons: Cross-team, cross-country communication
Limited opportunities to advance outside headquarters
Advice: Foster motivation of workforce
Pros: Job responsibilities
Open company culture
Motivated, skilled employees
Access to information
Customer contact

Cons: Too engineering driven
Legacy and boring products
Advice: -
Pros: Nice people, a little dynamic culture compared to competitors
Global brand
Diversified culture
Decent benefits

Cons: a lot of internal politics
Advice: make the company results-oriented
Pros: benefits are good, not great
