Cons: There is a collaborative decision making model, which sounds nice, but it's unclear who has what authority because every project is different.  For example, sometimes your boss saying yes doesn't make another team help out when you need them.  And if you didn't contact executive X until too late, then they might not want to help you.    Overall, it's hard to get be on the cutting edge of anything because so many people have to be involved with the decisions.  And little things like budgeting is difficult, you manage your budget offline in Excel because accessing the system isn't always accurate or up to date, it takes 2 weeks to get a purchase order open and over a month to get vendors paid.   I came to SAP through acquisition, and after the merger, I felt my career took a big step backward because half my job was getting all of the little things in line to get something complete.
Advice: Please encourage better engagement between sales and marketing.  Marketing wants to help sales but often is kept at arms length, this needs to be at the executive, middle management, and individual contributor level.  All marketing projects should have sales input, or more ideally customer input.  It's a big organization, but marketing can't do their jobs from an ivory tower.
Pros: Nice perks, like a cafeterias at the big offices.  Also on-site gym & dry cleaning available.  Relatively easy to work from home when necessary since communications are often via email and conference calls.

Cons: Not enough resources - technology AND people.
SAP's way is not the only way or often even the best way to get things done.  

Internet is ALWAYS going down / getting interrupted - something bad for a Cloud based company.
Tools don't work consistently; lots of manual work-arounds.  
Passwords always requiring resetting.  
All these factors interrupt productivity, which is sad in a high tech company.

Many frustrated by high growth requirements, and little funding of the personnel and tools to support growth goals.   Contractors are great, but if you don't hire in the support positions (Finance, Marketing, Administrative) you will burn people out.  

Telling workers to get out if they raise issues which they feel should be addressed is not rational.
Advice: Stop saying you won't tolerate jerks when you don't take your own advice.  

"Collaborative" work style is anything but... you can't avoid the noisy chaos of co-workers who sit 
less than 2 feet away to either side or in front of your desk in a workbench type environment.

The rate of managers and workers being turned off and driven out following acquisition by SAP is normal, but don't lie to us by saying that the rate of departure has slowed.  It's the economy, stupid !  Many people are still looking.
Pros: Excellent pay.
Flexible work hours.

Up and coming company, purchased by SAP to help them save their Cloud strategy and future revenue opportunities.

Cons: The issue is with middle management.  The moves they are making are not in the best interests of the people, but of the person’s career ambitions.  Bill, Rob, Rodolpho are all smart and very capable at the top, but the people below them in the middle management roles are questionable.  The direct sales leadership works hard and cares about the people, but at the GM and national level they keep playing games that demoralize the field sales teams.

In the West specifically, they have had 3 GM’s in under a year and the last two were social experiments with unqualified women.  The most recent GM was installed this past week and based on credentials it is obvious to everyone that the deciding factor was that she was a woman.
Advice: Talk to the local people in the region.  Ask them what they need in a leader, for support and what changes are needed before making rash decisions.  Stop promoting women based on gender only, it demoralized women more than you know.
Pros: SAP has great products and good people at the execution level.  While the sales comp plans have suffered this year, the overall pay is at or above market.  If you do well at SAP, it is one of the last few places you can make a million dollar W2 in a calendar year.

Cons: - Unethical practices with total disrespect for customers. All that matter is to achieve bogus internal KPIs and revenue targets.

- Too large an organization with very inefficient middle management often causing a lot of chaos. It's a challenge to get anything through as you spend a lot of time getting around the internal barriers.

- Almost all major customer projects executed are a mess with few people having to burn themselves to get the company out of the ditch. Cost are easily recovered by charging the ignorant customers. 

- If you dare challenge the management your career is doomed as there is no place for open conversation.

- Interestingly after 40 years SAP still uses a gut estimate of one or two individuals to put together projects that run into several million dollars.
Advice: Focus on employees, shed some middle management to give some breathing space to help serve customers better.

Its great to branch out to new technology for funneling license revenue but it would be a mistake to ignore our base software. Customers demand a certain commitment for the solutions they bought from us and has been using it for so many years.
Pros: + Stable old german company with a US outlook
+ A lot of good knowledge you can gain working with Germany
+ Some outstanding people in consulting and development who are good at clean up the mess created by the management

Cons: * With few exceptions, you'll easily drown in endless processes
* You'll inevitably encounter processes that are required before you can begin the processes
* Remarkable redundancy across organizations and geographies
* No shortage of politics at the executive level, which is likely to have an impact, whatever your level
* A frightening number of executive decisions are made whimsically, especially before SAP events.  Whatever the merits, the end result is that aforementioned processes must follow like dominoes.  
* The end result of all the above? Processes and politics far trump technology
* Depending on the organization and function, nepotism can absolutely reign supreme
Advice: While this will clearly be a threat to some, invest in an audit of operational processes and hiring policies -- at all levels -- and follow through on its findings.  Heads will inevitably roll as a result, but the end result will be a far more profitable and efficient company in the long run.
Pros: * Very nice, friendly, and generally unpretentious colleagues
* A refreshing change from tech (especially Silicon Valley) arrogance
* Very nice campus, cafeteria, benefits and more
* Lots of telecommuting options, depending on your manager and function
* Some very smart people who are generally nice and approachable (see above)
* Some incredibly innovative technology, and the financial resources to support it (in theory)

Cons: Training on procedures that were not compatible with systems and needed to be constantly re-written . Management leaving you to load SAP apps. yourself (not IT) and not able - due to not being the Administrator. Getting the other (prior company) programs to work with the  completely newer systems , and still have issues. Ton's of company phone-in's,company videos with a multiple answer test's at the end , and you must pass. No free or discounted lunches , or Bart passes etc. Really bad payroll system , and the new self evaluation bonus program that must be done in like 3 week's . (it can be compared to a college admission paper) An almost guaranteed fail , while having to do your everyday job .Understanding German jargon like - 'execute' to them on a p.c. is = 'enter' to us . I do love the German's though!
Advice: Lead by example! Do not expect perfection and pass judgement onto someone , when you're the head of the department , and can't even do the process , let alone sign on to the computer to do it yourself . I'm just saying.
Pros: Got much needed equipment for department . More vacation time . Moved up a little bit on pay scale . Never see any executive's .

Cons: Almost all of the talent and smart people have already left. There are a few good people left but wouldn't be surprised if they leave when the rest of their stock vests. Most of the people left are the employees that need improvement. The rating system is garbage and rates almost everyone as "delivers well" even if they are a disaster. Only the worst of the worst are rated as "needs improvement" so even if someone is a poor performer, they think they aren't and don't make any efforts to contribute to the broader team. High performers are not encouraged to do well, only to dumb themselves down to make the low performers feel better. 

Executive management has no clue how horrible the day to day work is because the VP's and what not paint a rosy picture that is completely incorrect. Certain VPs were promoted too quickly and lack experience, while others were never promoted even though they should have been. Basically, everything is a mess. 

Pretty sure the company will only get worse as it gets "SAP-ified" and all the remaining good people leave. I wouldn't go back to work here, even if someone offered me a million dollars a year.
Advice: Stop believe that everything is fine, take a good hard look at people, fire the low performers, reward the high performers, and actually move the needle instead of just saying you will.
Pros: benefits, location, free lunch, beautiful office

Cons: There are many breaks because of the nature of the high tech industry and our competitive posture.  There are also not many women in high tech, so for me (a woman), it's hard to progress to higher levels of the organization. Also, sometimes because of the rapid pace of delivery, the left hand and the right hand don't realize that they are working at odds or redundantly. That's a pet peeve of mine.
Advice: Keep working on the women in management initiative, but go deeper in the topic. You need women on the board and in senior management who think differently to the men so that you get the value of diverse thinking in SAP strategy. If you only keep people who think like men, you lose the benefit.
Pros: SAP is a great place to work. The strategy is clear and it's working. The company focuses on making it's customers, partners and employees successful. The people are top notch. For my role, there is a lot of flexibility to be able to determine how, where and when I work. I feel like I can make a positive difference in the world working for SAP.

Cons: Incredibly arrogant, Highly political, "Old Boys" network . Culture is highly corrupt and underhanded. SAP is the most corrupt company in the software business. An incredible amount of customers are in "escalation" in other words they have failed implementations on their hands. The legacy SAP products take years and millions and millions of dollars to implement - and they still don't work as described in the demos. The user interface is something out of the 1980's. If you come in from the outside and question the status quo, you are labeled a malcontent.  SAP Executives are shuffled from job to job within Newtown Square as part of the "old boys club". It is a very hostile work environment for women and minorities.
Advice: Survey current employees and former employees who have joined the company over the last 2 years in senior positions and have subsequently left. 90% of those employees currently at the Senior VP and Executive VP level in the US do not have any idea how to run the businesses that they are assigned to. They cultivate a hostile and abusive environment to attempt to mask their limitations. Most of these resources need to be let go, and most will have trouble finding future employment....they are that bad.
Pros: SAP is an Incredibly resource rich company from a cash perspective. The pay is great and the benefits are top of the line

Cons: Focus on quarterly number is too short sighted. Being in sales leadership has become a horrible place to be. We are supposed to "lead and inspire" our people but are given nothing to do so. Wake up...good leaders are leaving every day. Management pay is not compelling (as if your whole team is not producing you are unlikely to hit bonus). Even if you do they might apply a funding factor to find a way not to pay you.
Advice: SAP still can be a great place but the foundation of what made it great (employee and customer first) with profits a close second is rotting away. Also need more career options for Sales leadership. These positions grind good leaders down after a certain time period (due to culture mentioned above). SAP is a complex place and experienced leaders are hard to find. Don't let them walk out the door...
Pros: Good company with a nice product portfolio. If they stay focused on employees and customer and not just the "quarterly number" they have a chance to continue to grow and stay a viable company. Good benefits. If in the right group, good people.

Cons: I do not see any real cons.
Advice: Keep it up.  Remain focussed and continue planning for future world.
Pros: The company has a good vision and very dynamic. The teams are really focussed and there is ample visibility of your work.
SAP is a place where employees help decide policies that directly impact them. Obviously there is a limit to what you can do, but having a sounding board itself is a great thing in such a big company. 
As an egineer, you would want :
1. good work -  working on the SAP database product is challenging and it really gives enough opprtunities for you to use your creativity and technical intellect. 
2.  good pay - SAP rewards its employees with various stock related benefits, along with bonusses and a reasonably competitive pay. 
3.  Culture and value system -  From time to time there aretranings, programs, extra curicular activities planned, which gives you opportunites to explore yourself beyond work. 

I find SAP a great work place.

Cons: Org structures can be very convoluted and very global.  There is some emphasis on co-location but easy to have people from Germany, India, US all on the same team.  Try getting them on a con call.

Very much a technology focused go-to-market structure in a business where solutions matter more to customers.

German HQ is very detached from realities of Silicon Valley.  Structural influence of the German Works Council is corrosive - limits mgmt from reacting to market trends.
Advice: Move to a structure of global business units aligned to market opportunities.  As much as possible locate these in friendly business environments
Pros: Very loyal, very large global customer base.  Usually one of a few strategic vendors that the largest companies in the world rely on.

Flexible work environment.  Nice people (no screamers).  SAP genuinely cares about its employees and wants them to like the company.

Company is changing - very different from 5 years ago.  New businesses are moving fast and highly competitive.

Cons: Poor Management..."No Jerks" policy does not mean that it's upheld. 
Here's company that preaches a great sermon but doesn't follow their own message. Their full Talent Management pitch is around employee engagement and motivating their workforce...unfortunately, managers don't use the performance and goal tools. Sales model is dependent on has extremely poor lead generation and marketing. 

Think "Game of Thrones" and HR = Little Finger (watch out).
Advice: Use the tools that you sell for and use them  the same reasons you say they're most effective for. 
Be open and honest with the sales team and collaborate with them versus giving directives and unreasonable ultimatums. Just because an employee has been in the company for a a long time...does not qualify them for a management role. Using your 360 tool and cross-referencing what the peers say about them, would be a great way to find this out.
Pros: Great people from all over the world
Opportunity to transition to the bigger Cloud players (reason for a positive rating on career opps).

Cons: not much career opportunity. stupid managers everywhere
Advice: stop the hiring freeze and fire some poor performers, especially at the management level. those highly paid folks spend most of their work hours networking and fighting political battles, instead of managing their teams and drive strategies. 
In addition, your cloud strategy is not going to bring you the 2015 goals on both revenue and margin, given cloud profitability is a big headache for every player right now. the good old days of lucrative enterprise software is gone. HANA is still yet to be proven. The development team on HANA and related apps are sacrificing qualify for PR timelines. You think your customers would be sold into an in-memory fever? well, think again.
Pros: slightly above average compensation, good benefits

Cons: Few opportunities for candidates without prior SAP experience. Recent turnover in executive leadership in North America is a concern.  Little commitment to success of the consulting organization; at a fundamental level, SAP doesn't "get" professional services the way a Deloitte or Accenture gets it.  Consulting business is not growing, and management opportunities are limited.  Complexity of product line can be mind-numbing, even for current employees.
Advice: Define and execute a strategy for ensuring your Consulting business is focused on making customers successful, not just being a revenue source.
Pros: Great product line.  Outstanding installed base of world-class companies across many industries.  Politics are minimal (at least in the field organization) and there are few barriers to internal transfers.  Field sales/service organizations have a strong "virtual" culture, and many SAP employees live in cities where there is no local SAP office.

Cons: Lots of promises made and ra ra by senior management.  They don't follow through though.  Mgmt says they want feedback, but don't mean it.  

Very low morale by people in most groups....  No training or development...  Learn on your own, b/c you won't get it here. 

They are an old brick and mortar company where most of revenue comes from on premise solutions...
Advice: Be honest during your interviews, keep your promises and pay commissions....   Avoid the lip service that you are actually in the employees corner and going to try and help them... That ship has sailed.
Pros: If you're in a sales position, and don't get your commissions, I can't think of any.  

The worker bees are nice.  But those who have no power can't create change.

Good name on the resume.  Will be sure to draw attention.

Cons: Encourages people to network which is nice but this also can mean that you won't be heard unless you are part of the old boy clique in that group. Work life balance can either be great or awful depending on which group you are in. Not innovative enough.
Advice: Embrace organizational change rather than paying lip service to it. Understand that there are many departments that have been created that compete with each other for the same work. Create mechanisms for unpopular ideas to safely be floated to the top, past the yes man network, those are the ones that matter most.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Has lots of long term employees. Provides lots of learning opportunities (depending on your organizational unit). Encourages employee harmony. Hard work is usually noticed.

Cons: Can be almost impossible to get your ideas properly considered unless you know the right people, but then many large companies are like this. Although getting better, many people still seem to think that SAP is the center of the software universe which means opportunities are missed - see Advice to Management.
Advice: Although a leader with HANA and Mobile, on many other technologies SAP is a follower. Need to be more pro-active in identifying the potential of new technology opportunities and trends at an earlier stage.
Pros: Amazing sales force with good products - especially HANA. Very customer focused. Managed very well with good senior management. Good work environment. Can also get a good work-life balance ... but you still have to contribute.

Cons: Too little focus on employees and customer satisfaction; too much emphasis on margins and product development; too much complexity across business units and matrixed management; too much confusion re: partners and integration; no accountability except for sales/margin numbers.
Advice: Get back to basics and focus on customer and employee satisfaction, while developing super solutions.  Simplify and focus.  Change support and services pricing models to make them more attractive/competitive.
Pros: It's a popular solution for large enterprise businesses, but struggling with opposition from the following:  niche s/w and services solutions that address comprehensive in-depth business capabilities, e.g. Workday, Salesforce; and large enterprise s/w companies that can provide global, mobile products at a more effective price point, particularly based upon cloud capabilities.

Cons: - Management.
- Being a global company can mean trying to work with people in different time zones. If you don't mind working non-typical hours, this isn't bad.
- Career opportunities limited in La Crosse
- No work/life balance
Advice: - Replace the deadbeat managers.  Most of them are under-qualified, lacking basic management skills.
- Fix the morale problems. Employees are burned out due to the excessive work load, mostly due to mismanagement.
Pros: The company itself does a lot for it's employees, but each office is different with some being better than others. In La Crosse, the engineering managers are non-technical and have little management training, so they're difficult to work with. Other offices I have worked with seem to have better leaders, so if you're looking to work in another office, ignore this review.
Being a global company, there are opportunities to travel and/or work with people in other countries. Also, there are opportunities to relocate and for personal advancement.

Cons: If you are not connected to the right people, moving up the company is a challenge. Managers hire people they know, not necessarily the right person for the job.
Advice: If you just hire people because you have a personal relationship with them, you may get undesired results from what they produce. Just because you know the person doesn't make them right for the job you are hiring for. You are missing out on a lot of talented candidates simply because you do not know who they are.
Pros: SAP has great benefits and is one of the highest paying companies I've worked for. The prestige of SAP makes it a great place to really launch your career to the next level.

Cons: Management not qualified. Must be with managers bff to stay in the circle of trust even though you are married. Say no and lose your job. "WOW".  Want to break up your family. No raise in 3 years. Ask for raise! Get raise! then get terminated. Tell uper management and they do nothing about it. If you want to work here be prepaired to be PIMPED.
Advice: Replace your IT management/IT Director she does 2 jobs. Not qualified look at credentials.  Same as mine. I could have sued SAP on many occasions but did not. Was fired for reasons unwaranted then rehired just to be fired when my contract was up. This place is sick and needs a doctor. Buddy system not whats best for the company. Good Luck with this SAP.
Pros: All of the workers are very nice people. Work life balance is good. Free soda's and fruit.

Cons: Lots of nepotism, need to know people for your career to go anywhere. Extremely limited career progression choices. Useless unproductive middle management. Very poor work life balance. No focus on services, the services side plays second fiddle to the licence company. They will give away services free to sell/increase licence adoption.
Advice: Focus on people and not only shareholders/stock market. Shareholders will dump you at the slightest hitch but employees can make or break a company. Keep a share of services for the company and don't let cheap delivery services in the market ruin the overall services market for SAP.
Pros: Nice place to work, good working environment though it may change depending upon client interaction. Pretty decent perks but most have been whittled away lately.

Cons: - Ultimate propaganda machine: Used to think it was funny/quirky…now it’s ridiculous.  Signs everywhere insulting everyone’s intelligence.  “No A**holes”, “If you don’t like it here, quit”, “Don’t leave our wounded behind”, “Transparency”, “Drink the Champaign”. 
- Hypocrite culture: Since the acquisition by SAP, just getting worse.  
- Bureaucratic/political dump with a new process, new approval process, new Director of Blah, new Sr VP of Blah every day of the week.  How the hell does anyone get anything done here?  Call it SAP-ification I guess.
- Exec management: No clue of what’s really happening in the trenches, nor do they care to get dirty in order to find out, nor do they hold themselves accountable to fix even though they get called out in Town Hall Meetings.
- Company is still overly sales heavy/focused. It was ok 4 yrs ago, not anymore.
- Understaffed in all Sales Support/Client Support departments even though every year there are plans to grow Sales team by 100%+.  There is never a sensible growth ratio for other departments to support the growth of the Sales organization.  This means every department is crushed by the huge volume of deals by the growing sales org, and equally, if not more destroyed by the increasing volume of client complaints/dissatisfaction.  What does this mean?  Overworked/demoralized workforce, and a pissed off client base.
- Why are clients still buying and/or renewing?  No better full suite solution on the market, it’s a ton of time, money, work, resources to change vendors, Sales reps at the Enterprise level are the best in the market….overpromise/under deliver and they’re damned good at it.  
- Volume and rapid pace of ever-changing internal processes makes it painful for employees and customers.
- Incredibly decreased collaboration/communication across departments = nothing gets done in a timely manner.
- Resignations of great long-tenured people are leaving at an alarming rate, probably due to all of the above.
- There must be at least 30 different applications that an employee needs, each with a different login and password, some extremely complex to use, another productivity drain.  Need to consolidate.
Advice: - Organize a team of Six Sigma Blackbelts, Seals 6 team or organizational process expert team, or whatever you want to call it….include employees from every department that know what the hell is going on, to fix/optimize/streamline/simplify the 1,000 broken/disjointed processes between just about every department in the company.
- For once in the company’s history, fix Customer Support.  Really, I mean fix it.  It’s been talked about for years, it’s been promised by multiple leaders for years, and all you can come up with is masking the problem with different naming conventions to make the client feel like they’re getting a better deal, when they’re still getting a support rep who can hardly speak English, or a support ticket for a simple fix will still get bounced around for 2 weeks/months instead of 2 days?  Company is too mature with too many big name clients to continue messing around with a weak excuse for customer support.  Again, reel back on hiring quota carriers, get Customer Support fixed, get customers happy, not pissed, they will become our partners and references for even more big name clients, it will hurt initially, but it will pay off over a few years, but for god sake fix Customer Support.  Did I mention, fix Customer Support?
- Pay attention to and utilize the company tenants: Promote executive mgmt. from within to those that have the talent, have continually performed, excelled and understand the dynamics of the company.
- Stop hiring executive mgmt. from outside, they have no clue, they don’t take the time to really learn how complex the company and offering really is and they only continue to make it much messier than it needs to be.  They think they have the answers, they don’t.  They tend to have a flavor of the day idea almost every day, each one having tremendous negative impact on the business.
- Get rid of the signs, it’s not cool, it’s not motivating or inspiring, it’s not fun, actually it’s embarrassing.  Hang up some art, splash paint on the walls, get rid of the signs.
Pros: - Compensation
- Benefits
- Emphasis on helping in the community, helping the needy
- Great manager

Cons: Don't really practice what they preach. Like every other company out there, there is a lot of CYA. Still runs like a start up, but in the wrong areas. On boarding is challenging, but getting better.
Advice: Take inventory, use your own applications and find your top performers and reward them appropriately. Practice the values that are written on the walls of the office in every way.
Pros: Beautiful applications that can really add value to an organization. SAP is fully on board and investing in SuccessFactors. Great people to work with in virtually every part of the organization, the way the Solutions Consultants support each other is unparalleled. A market leader in every aspect. Lars!

Cons: Politics and you still have to be belong to the popular crowd to become a star. (This is not new as you should know this from high school hopefully)
Advice: When a new recruit joins teach them or tell them about the how life works at SAP (basically the playbook ) then let their talent dictate their destiny. These then let  them discover this years into it and already behind schedule
Pros: All the resources to learn with instant brand recognition if you move on. Your time here will prepare you for real world corporate life. You will watch it with a great front row seat at customers sites.

Cons: So far, and I am thinking hard abou it, but I am not finding anything negative. Perhaps the inertia that comes with processes in a company of this size. But even that is a problem that is understood, and the company is currently flattening the management structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology is stimulating and interesting: HANA is a fantastic product to work on!!!!
SAP is not afraid to invest in its products.
Worker-oriented: culture of respect, great benefits, up to 5 weeks of vacation, great bonus.
People are technically very competent. I am not seeing ego problems.
CEOs are not afraid to admit their mistakes, when they make some, and come across as true leaders.

Cons: Limited number senior leadership positions in development in the U.S. If you are in consulting, sales, product management, marketing or any other non-technical field, you'll do just fine. But if you are looking for a hands-on development leadership role that will give you exposure to great technologies that will enhance your market value, you'll be disappointed. The development organization is basically run out of Germany.
Advice: Drink a little less of your own Kool-Aid.
Pros: Very solid and very stable company that will not go away any time soon. Good work/life balance (even though employees often disagree because they are spoilt rotten). Good pay.

Cons: Unfortunately the company decided to move operations division for which I work to Argentina.  Our team will be let go after the first of the year.
Advice: My advice to the management is to value good employees and keep them instead of thinking of the profit and moving work from the USA to other countries.
Pros: I have a privilege of being a part of one of the greatest ERP companies in the world.  Besides, the team I work with is great, as well as people form other divisions and countries I met while on this job.  Wonderful environment, team spirit, working with the advanced technology - love it!

Cons: Political differences between Germany and US are difficult to impossible to navigate. 
It is important to keep a close contact with counterparts in Germany, but that can prove difficult due to travel restrictions; non-stop virtual work (US to the Far East, and US to Europe) is also not easy due to cost-saving approach.
Advice: Good and engaged employees make the business long term. When the bottom line always win and is without appeal, people loose the drive. It is not all about money.
Pros: Very complete product portfolio, travel and networking opportunities. Good learning and respected name in the business. Competitive benefits portfolio; free lunches, on-site gym.

Cons: I normally don't rant like this but I am sooooo disappointment in my Kool-aide high going down and what the real deal is that I had to tell you to beware of the hype. Just because they have a "No Jerks" policy and it's on the way means absolutely nothing. 

This is a Performance Management Company that doesn't even use their own tools and consequently, there is no true goal alignment, employees feel disengaged and under-valued, and the moral is low. Training at SF is a bootcamp where 65% of the material is irrelevant to your actual job and then they have you do a volunteer event to feel warm and fuzzy. You're then expected to get all the training you need from outdated recorded sessions and everyone is too busy to actually answer your questions. To top it off, selling a product where the implementation may/may not go well and the customer service leaves much to be desired causes the sales reps to questions the integrity of what they're selling to customers. 

Low work-life balance and sales team is stressed out because management bullies them with territory re-assignments and micromanagement. There is a WFH policy however it is only given to some sales reps while others are forced to be in the office (favortism). These under-performing same reps are also allowed to build up existing accounts while others are all net new. Solution Consultants that want to be sales reps fight against supporting the sales team the way they need it and management hasn't figured out how to make the relationship work. The successfactors' sales team cannot tell you that they honestly have a clue what direction the company is headed, it's the end of Q1 and no comp plan has been shared (wtf!), and the finance team can't get the commissions right.
Advice: Let's really start "drinking our own champagne"
Stop being jerks!
Stop Micromanaging
Stop the favortism and politics of fighting over bread crumbs. 
figure out that your CRM was wayyyyy better with Salesforce.com and drop the crap you're using today. Lastly, try communicating with the employees (for real this time) and give them a chance to have a voice in how their job/life will be impacted.
Pros: SuccessFactors is a leader in the market with a rich parent supporting our efforts. When the machine is lubricated and in motion, it's next to impossible to stop the momentum. Very powerful! Listening to the CEO, Lars and Bill is inspirational and they have a great way of motivating you to believe you can do it (whatever "it" is).

Cons: Inter-departmental issues.  NO ONE takes ownership and PS is left holding the bag.  Upper management knows there are issues but ignores them - weak executive management doesn't address the key frustration with why people hate it here. Lack of accountability and ownership among departments; no one is focused on working together to fix issues.
Advice: Pay attention to death by 1000 papercuts - that's causing your smart employees to burn out.  Don't let people get away with ignoring issues until they are escalated to the CEO.
Pros: Flexible schedule, work from home opportunities, autonomy

Cons: Not great at the compensation. Still follows old methodologies and slow in adopting changes. Some times politics may come in line. Not good at recognizing the hard work. Upper management asks for feedback, but considers rarely. Frequent re-orgs.
Advice: Adopt to new things faster like many other companies do. Do not take decisions in haste. Recognize and reward talented and hard working people.
Pros: Good Work-Life balance. Lot of opportunities to grow. Can gain good functional domain experience. Great colleagues. Good culture. Flexible timings. You get the opportunity to work across functional domains and technologies. You may find colleagues who are with this company for more than 30 years.

Cons: If you are not a type A hard worker you can get lost in the masses of people that are. You may need to bide your time to move up in the organization but those who do are well rewarded.
Advice: Be Sure to invest in your people at all levels. Contractors may feel slighted by their position especially as many groups contain a mix of both full time employees and contractors and the benefits offered to the two groups is polarized.
Pros: An amazing company filled with hard working and extremely intelligent people. Competitive salaries and high earning potential for top performers.

Cons: I worked at this company from 1994 through to 2009, the core software has not changed since R3 days, they have bought the newer technology and kind of tried to bundle it together. I would not look at this company as being leading edge in the software field. Most companies have spent so much money implementing that they can't get rid of this behemoth until fully depreciated. Highlight of my career at SAP is when they put together an agenda for a user conference and the agenda said the men attended the talks and the women were to go for aromatherapy messages, I kept that agenda and still have it posted in my office to remind me of where I have come from and that you need to kiss a few frogs along the way. That kind of summarizes the female careers at SAP. Looking at the board today I see nothing has changed: 9 men, 0 women; 8 Caucasians 1 Indian; 5 Germans, 3 American and 1 South African (this has really changed since my day when it was 8 Germans and I American).

So if you are a female serious about your career this is not the company for you. If you are happy to sit in middle management and stay away from the sales men then plod your way through the various acceptable positions for females, the glass ceiling here is low and thick.

There is a strange corporate culture and a lack of diversity. 

For my sins I now have to engage with the sales men of SAP and I burst out laughing when they end a meeting with the wonderful line of ‘So can you sign today?” – such a cliché.
Advice: The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a sports field, in an army, or in an office.

Diversity creates a rounded point of view - missing from this organisation. Define what your corporate culture is because your employees are confused.
Pros: Great, bright, smart, fun colleagues. Fairly good salary, comparable to industry.

Cons: Not great at the compensation. Still follows old methodologies and slow in adopting changes. Some times politics may come in line. Not good at recognizing the hard work. Upper management asks for feedback, but considers rarely. Frequent re-orgs.
Advice: Adopt to new things faster like many other companies do. Do not take decisions in haste. Recognize and reward talented and hard working people.
Pros: Good Work-Life balance. Lot of opportunities to grow. Can gain good functional domain experience. Great colleagues. Good culture. Flexible timings. You get the opportunity to work across functional domains and technologies. You may find colleagues who are with this company for more than 30 years.

Cons: It was hard to find information in all the noise of the corporate portal, or a person who could provide the right information. It seemed there were several groups working on the same thing, and groups did not necessarily talk to each other.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits were great, although my salary (from many years at an acquired company) may have been a reason I was part of a layoff.
Many opportunities to learn/work - as long as you are in the right location.
The company is focused on improving user experience across its core software line.

Cons: This is a culture of lies, fear and manipulation.  The mantras are plastered all over every wall with things like "No A-holes."  The company (and management) does not practice what they preach and, until the CEO quit, we were constantly berated at "town hall meetings" and by company-wide emails with the constant message - if you are unhappy here, leave.  You are simply disgruntled and we don't want you here.  There is no open mindedness towards change for the better or the "Kaizen" culture they claim to have.  In fact, punishment abounds in this world of fear.  Nearly every employee in the place has been the subject of some form of reprimand.

There is high turnover in upper management, which is very unsettling.  People at all levels don't seem to stay in any position for more than 6 months before either leaving for something else, or being moved to another functional area.  Entire teams are disbanded on a whim and there is no certainty about who does what.  This type of CONSTANT organizational change creates an environment of zero responsibility.  

Work-from-home is selectively applied, even within teams.  Work-life balance only exists if you count "carrying your work phone around with you and constantly being on call" a balance.  You can expect to work late nights and weekends.  "Unlimited paid vacation" simply means that you're not actually entitled to any vacation, except at the whim and will of your manager.

Despite growing revenues, everyone in the company suffers from "not enough resources" to do the job correctly.  There is a company-wide culture of "something is better than nothing," which, if you believe in having pride in your work, will be a challenge for you.
Advice: It's time to develop some real strategic direction for where this merger is heading.  No one in the company even knows what the company looks like (structurally) anymore and people are afraid and uncertain about their futures here. Someone needs to take the helm and show everyone that there actually IS a plan.
Pros: Big company name (especially with SAP) and overly inflated titles look great on your resume
Great benefits

Cons: Matrixed infrastructure makes communication frustrating.  Sales culture can get a bit annoying.  As with any large global company, there are inevitable cultural speedbumps.
Advice: Allow for more country specific customization.  Too much time/money wasted one-size-fits all global mandate.
Pros: SAP is a big, exciting company that has industry leading products. Lots of ambitious folks.  Especially with HANA, they are doing some of the most exciting things in the world when it comes to Big Data and analytics.  Good pay.  Company seems poised to continue to rise - stock price etc.

Cons: So many changes have led to poor communication and very bad decisions.  The continual hiring of people outside the company rather than looking to promote people inside the company has led to a significant culture change that is negative.  Those who have been hired into leadership are out of touch with those who are doing the actual work.  We have a lot of managers but not a lot of real leaders.  People are disgruntled and dissatisfied.
There is VERY little real training outside of the Sales team.  The Leadership team talks about training constantly but will not invest ANY money in training or resources.
Advice: Get dirty.  Go talk to the people who are actually doing all the work, not those who are managing them and are feeding you the "corporate" cliches.  Be concerned about your managers.  So many new managers have little or no people experience are are doing a poor job of managing their staff.  Decisions are being made in the best interests of the managers career not the best interest of the company.  Put your money where your mouth is.  Stop talking about training and then never delivering on good training programs.  The customers are the ones suffering for lack of training, bad management decisions, and inefficiencies.  Stop listening to people that you are hiring from other companies who know nothing about how this company works.  Listen to those who have worked her and know the real truth about what is going on.
Pros: The compensation and benefits at the company are pretty good.  There are people who work here who are amazing and make it a good place to work.  There are some career opportunities because of the size of the company.

Cons: ZERO work life balance and NO respect for your private time. Expect calls & meetings into the late night and also expect you WILL work weekends!  The CEO is a bit of a wacko and sends crazy emails and the management will drive you into the ground with long hours and lots of work.  Horrible experience.
Advice: HIRE! !   Hire enough people to do the job!
Pros: Young entrepreneurial culture, competitive pay and bonuses, work from home ok.

Cons: This company drinks its own Kool-Aid. Instead of digging out deficiencies & working on solving them, the management across the company spends more time building powerpoint slides to show why SuccessFactors is the best cloud company in the world. I think they come up with these metrics to secure their bonuses for the year. The reality is that Successfactors is nowhere close to being the best cloud player and it will take quite a bit to get there. In the long run this will be a more serious issue.
Advice: Raise management standards and don't turn a blind eye or reward poor management. Pay should be based on performance.
Pros: Nice colleagues, slightly above average pay, commuter benefits, free food, office location, being part of SAP gives company access to lot of resources.

Cons: In the sales side, the biggest negative to working here is that the company changes their strategy yearly, which isn't terribly odd execpt that it usually means you'll be in a different role in a different territory from year to year.  The exception is if you are high level field AE.  This means you have one year to make hey because you know you'll be doing something different come January.  Also, don't plan on taking vacation in sales during the last quarter, especially right at the end of the year.  That's when all the big deals close.  As an Inside sales person, there's also only so much affect you can have on a larger deal.  Due to the way the sale organization is structured, an SAP partner is involved as well as an SAP feild person, which can often reduce your role on large deals to admin and reporting guy.
Advice: Stop changing everyone's roles every year.  It makes us myopic in our sales strategy.
Pros: The company really does take care of it's people.  Even if they have some massive shift in strategy, I have to admit they do a good job of trying to shift peoples roles instead of just letting them go.  They also offer a decent severence strategy to give you time to find another role inside the company if they do let you go.  The benefits are good.  The people are usually the best of the best and are very helpful.  There are some attitudes and egos but most people are great to work with.  There are tons of opportunities to advance here and it's encouraged.  SAP is also a great career experience and you become a valuable commodity after a couple of years in sales.

Cons: In the sales side, the biggest negative to working here is that the company changes their strategy yearly, which isn't terribly odd execpt that it usually means you'll be in a different role in a different territory from year to year.  The exception is if you are high level field AE.  This means you have one year to make hey because you know you'll be doing something different come January.  Also, don't plan on taking vacation in sales during the last quarter, especially right at the end of the year.  That's when all the big deals close.  As an Inside sales person, there's also only so much affect you can have on a larger deal.  Due to the way the sale organization is structured, an SAP partner is involved as well as an SAP feild person, which can often reduce your role on large deals to admin and reporting guy.
Advice: Stop changing everyone's roles every year.  It makes us myopic in our sales strategy.
Pros: The company really does take care of it's people.  Even if they have some massive shift in strategy, I have to admit they do a good job of trying to shift peoples roles instead of just letting them go.  They also offer a decent severence strategy to give you time to find another role inside the company if they do let you go.  The benefits are good.  The people are usually the best of the best and are very helpful.  There are some attitudes and egos but most people are great to work with.  There are tons of opportunities to advance here and it's encouraged.  SAP is also a great career experience and you become a valuable commodity after a couple of years in sales.

Cons: It is hard to make a huge impact as an employee because of the size of the company, and the fact that SAP products are not design-oriented.
Advice: Because our company is so big, the role of team's manager will be the key in guiding the team culture and productivity.
Pros: SAP is a big corporate where everything is very systematic and professionally done. The User Experience field is also going through a major facelift, which provides a lot more design opportunities than before.

Cons: German centric so once a decision is made there is no turning back...even if wrong decision. Very complex matrixed organization so it takes a lot of time and energy to build a network to get things done.
Advice: Get the deadwood out of management. Think global but act local...give locals the ability to act.
Pros: Large global company with solid enterprise software product. Great global rotational opportunities. Product competitive and getting more user friendly. Many very bright colleagues.

Cons: I was let go because they couldn't find work for me.  Unfortunately, they consider finding consulting work my responsibility.  If I wanted to be responsible for finding my own work, I would I would simply be an independent contractor.
Advice: Train people correctly, and connect them with solid mentors that can help them get the next assignment.  Also, don't hire people if you don't have work for them.
Pros: A good company with great benefits.  Salary is very competitive if not significantly above.

Cons: No good talent left in the company. Management is short sighted, self congratulatory, lack competence needed in their areas of responsibility. There is no accountability.
Advice: Invest in your people. Hire better talent from outside. Add accountability.
Pros: Good benefits, free food, beautiful workplace, commuter programs, above average compensation, some good talent still left in the company but vanishing. SAP work culture is very good and it is seeping in to Successfactors work culture. SAP management takes good care of Successfactors employees and it is very supportive.

Cons: If working in an acquired office, adjustment to the SAP culture can be awkward. SAP is in transition between legacy and future technologies. It is a huge company and can be a frustrating experience if project or team does not fit the standard corporate profile.
Advice: Get better feedback on mid level managers.
Pros: Mature and stable company provides good benefits. SAP supports community involvement and does matching to charitable giving. Hana in memory DB has a potential of making SAP the dominate force in the future.

Cons: traveling, lack of training due to budget cuts, North America bonus system compare to the Global services
Advice: change the north america bonus system so that the consultants are not hurt for taking vacations.  Provide more training for the personnel so that they can change career directions if they need to.  Lower the rates so that SAP can compete with smaller companies and those that provide off-shore services in order to be able to acquire more projects and raise consultants' utilization.
Pros: good bonus, good benefits, good for resume

Cons: Unclear roles and career paths. Too much internal competition and politics. Broken functional processes, unclear product strategy and operations
Advice: Invest in cross pollinating your greatest  asset - people. and allow them and help them move to other roles and countries. Do not stop investing on premise solutions. Buy Cloud vendors instead of attempting to build your own cloud apps
Pros: Good pay and good benefits. Good work life balance. Good technology

Cons: Sometimes not innovative enough. Old-school management styles and development approaches slow down company progress.  Distances with virtual colleagues and the need for remote collaboration makes work a bit more challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent culture, very collaborative. Smart people with solid credentials, but without some of the attitude /chip on the shoulder you see at some Valley companies.  Allows flexibility to move around within the company, whether across functions or geographies.  Cash compensation is among best in the valley with a good chance for work-life balance.

Cons: Germans come first. Having technical knowledge can actually hurt your career.
Advice: None
Pros: You can never be terminated. The benefits are great. The salary is OK. The work is interesting. Sadly much of this doesn't apply outside of Germany. The German employees are special to SAP. In the US the salaries are good and the benefits good. Other countries though don't bother.  Decent culture: green, ethical, etc.

Cons: in certain areas career is limited, not much focus on people development, cumbersome internal processes, work load and travel can be extensive at times
Advice: put more effort into people development
Pros: working independently, allows you to pick your areas of interest in the particular field you are working in, every day is different with work task, so it gets never boring. Depending on job, you get to travel all over the world.

Cons: Often lack of team work on accounts, complex organization, account assignments often unequitable
Advice: New and emerging technologies require different sales metrics when trying to expand market awareness and position prior to more mature adoption and revenue flow.  It is unfair for sales to not have other metrics than revenue and pipeline when you have widely varying market adoption and may be locked into less progressive account group.
Pros: good people and products, exceedingly confident in solutions

Cons: Flat hierarchy means lengthy time between promotions with only small "payoffs" on the way.  That said, promotions are a HUGE thing.
Advice: Keep the transparency going!
Pros: Smart people
Close connection with managers
Great work/life balance -- flexibility to work from anywhere
Recent management turnover in marketing has resulted in quicker management decisions, more productivity, better work
Opportunities for to move within the company in order to find a new challenge or the right role
Opportunities to take a short-term assignment in another locale/abroad

Cons: Sales & Marketing are king, techies are underpaid grunts for the business (< 20% of billings).  Very slow to get promoted and differentiate yourself, especially if pigeon-holed into a non-fitting role.  Job descriptions are almost meaningless.
Advice: Pay the people who do the real work and suffer from your bad decisions/ management "musical chairs".
Pros: If you love tech and don't mind supporting business (IT) as a career path.  Flat, open culture.

Cons: Company highly compensate top performers and as a result, work life balance is often the most talked about challenge for the workforce.
Advice: None
Pros: company has a fairly flat hierarchy where each position allows you to get exposure of many roles.  In that sense, company is unusual compared to traditional US corporate culture.

In the past 5 years, company has become very customer focus.  For highly motivated employees, this is the place with upward mobility.

Cons: No proper product strategy in place. The products are slow, buggy, and lack ideas. What is alarming is that the company is filled with unqualified management that is slowly rusting the company.
Advice: Hire top management talent across the organization to light the fire and once again make SuccessFactors a leader not a laggard.
Pros: Nice workplace with good amenities and benefits. The CEO is courageous and is a great leader.

Cons: 1. Work-life balance;
2. Gradual fight for margins washes out talented individuals replacing them with average ones and as a result overall drive and motion reduction;
3. Innovative approach need to be revamped.
Advice: Talented people are the major value. Try not to loose them.
Pros: 1. Still the #1 in MIS an Enterprise Software business.
2. A lot of opportunities for training and self development.
3. Good benefits and compensation programs

Cons: This is not really a con but a reality working at SAP.  Most positions require travel and a lot of it.  If you like to stay in one place SAP may not be your cup of tea.
Advice: Keep trying to figure out ways to improve the work/life balance.
Pros: If you like a multi-cultural work experience you will love SAP.  They value all their employees.  And the bonuses are very nice.

Cons: not a bad pay I think,, well that is as far as I know.
too many layers and needs some cleaning up
Advice: Keep up the good work and make sure that HR works for employees...so far its know that HR is only for management and not employees...hopefully its a misconception
Pros: has some great management and has some not so great management
I have seen managers that are fantastic and managers that have not even the basic people skills...(forget management)

Cons: Tough to navigate the organization
Lacks a team-based culture 
Too much micro- management, time tracking requirements, 
Internal systems are complex to use, navigate, get setup, etc.
Advice: Instill a tighter team-based culture in field sales
Pros: Everyone is driven towards customer success
Management always interested in maximizing employee success 
There's information and resources available all over to assist
Pay is very competitive
Great benefits
Everyone is empowered and trusted to do their job

Cons: Everything is complex, even something like the CATs system is a total pain.  As an older company they need to review the huge number of resources they have available to employees and customers and trim out the unnecessary clutter, simplify, streamline.
Advice: Control middle and upper management, keep everyone on the same page, tighten the corporate purse strings .
Pros: Nice match on 401K, decent healthcare benefits with HSA contributions, good culture, positive direction.  Nice office.

Cons: Annual re-org  can be draining.  Good programs need strong owners to survive new executives in charge. Patience and a good network help to overcome the change.
Advice: Keep focused and driving the company to greater success. I am behind you.
Pros: Opportunities are only limited by your imagination.   Innovation is more than a buzz-word at SAP. The brightest people across the globe are here. SAP values tenure and new hires, alike. A great place to work.

Cons: You need to find the opportunities to build your career, even if you are a HiPo. From management perspective, it is still a little bit nationality driven.
Advice: Don't change the culture. Add more Talent programs.
Pros: It is a great company if you look for working in an international cultural environment, truly global perspective. It would give you experiences from technology to business perspective. It's a company to stay long time.

Cons: Lots of different systems to log into (Okta is resolving some of this).  Not all processes are ironed out.  The company has grown so fast that policies and procedures are now trying to catch up.
Advice: Continue to develop the individuals on your teams.
Pros: Flexible working conditions, my manager is very helpful and receptive to issues I have.  The people I work with are all very supportive and helpful.

Cons: * Pay never increases past inflation rate
* No advancement. I've applied for 8 internal openings and never received an interview
* Only goal in the company is to meet your quarterly bonus.  "Rinse and Repeat"
Advice: "You get want you measure".  If you only give bonuses on Utilization that's all employees focus on.  Zero Team Work.
Pros: More or less steady work on project even thru Major Financial Drops

Cons: Due to the start-up culture that has driven SF to excellence, all employees pull more than their full share of the workload.  Long hours, day and night...this combined with customer demand really kill the work/life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Career opportunities are plentiful and the work is exciting. Their management team is very inclusive and supportive.  The compensation and benefits packages are very rewarding.  Many positions are virtual opportunities and work remotely from home.

Cons: HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT   ALL THE WAY AROUND
Advice: SERIOUSLY get over yourselves. The attitude of "we are everything" and the total arrogance is going to drive your company in the ground , one day. I promise you.  I can't get over how management and middle management thinks they walk on water. Careful to anyone who joins this firm.
Pros: obviously it's a HUGE company so there is lots of opportunity and SAP is well known.

Cons: Many teams - it takes a little while to learn the company.
Advice: Continue improving the people development programs!
Pros: The company has a great talent development program, Also, there are great networking opportunities - people help each other out and will help mentor you. The company also has  a flexible work environment and work from home options. The company is innovative and competitive. Overall, it is a great place to work!

Cons: It's a very large company so complexity and process are inherent to keep it in control.  I felt I spent much more time dealing internally than with my customers.
Advice: Don't forget the core culture the company was built upon.
Pros: Very stable company with enormous credibility, resources, marketing power and ability to deliver.  Very nice benefits that you would expect from a large well run company.

Cons: The work environment is the worst I have ever worked in, especially if you are a female.  The senior manager is sexist, and bullies female employees until they leave.  Work/life balance is non existent.  (I was once written up for falling behind because I took bereavement leave for an immediate family member's passing.  Apparently, I was expected to have taken my laptop to the funeral and worked.)  Teamwork is discouraged.  (I was reprimanded multiple times for trying to work with my team.  "Just write whatever you think is correct and give it to the next person.  You don't need to ask them what they need."  (Or there was the manager who said "You need to quit doing what's best for the team and do what's best for you.".)  And backstabbing is expected.  (I actually had a manager, after unsuccessfully trying to get me to rat on my team, tell me that he was surprised that I wouldn't say anything and that I was the only one he had talked to who had not "thrown someone under the bus".  He had already talked to everyone else on the team.)
Complaining to HR does no good.  We're too small of an office for them to care what goes on here.  So you just have to suck it up and deal with it until you find a better job.
If you're a software engineer, there are no career opportunities due to the clog at the top with the senior manager.  Even more senior managers know he's not qualified for more, so he doesn't get promoted.  So no one does.
All of this results in the worst morale I have ever seen.  Employees are walking around like zombies.  There's no excitement for what you are working on.
Advice: Management here is awful.  The senior manager is unqualified for his position.  So he demoted all the more qualified managers below him, and filled the positions with even less qualified managers.  It's bad when you have to surround yourself with morons in order to make yourself look good.
Due to all the mismanagement, the work environment is not good (as noted above).  And it really shows in the project management, and the productivity of the employees.
Pros: Good pay, good perks like a catered lunch. Unfortunately, there isn't much else to say here, but the review requires 20 words.

Cons: The infrastructure is very "German", so Americans may have difficulty navigating the corporate culture which can be, at times, less than intuitive.
Advice: No advice at this time. Most managers I've experienced are very good at managing employees and opportunities.
Pros: Very smart people work at SAP who are also willing to lend a hand to colleagues and collaborate to help close deals and make customers happy.

Cons: If you are strong leader,  ambitious,  or a believer in meritocracy you'll be discouraged 
No clear career paths 
Complete redundancy due to overly siloed structure
Advice: Learn how to manage, foster a culture of excellence and reward those who excel fairly
Pros: Rare layoffs due to workers council
Good place to loiter until retirement if not ambitious and are content to not learn or grow

Cons: A bit unstable with all the SAP changes, Feast or famine for sales people.
Advice: Connect with your sales people more often
Pros: Work life balance, hot product, growing the like crazy, can make some great money if you do well. Global HR is taking off. Being part of SAP is great in terms of deals coming your way.

Cons: Political in nature, German culture, Boys club/ Girls club culture. Highly hierarchical
Advice: Breakdown hierarchy and political nature. There is nothing called a healthy competition when you pitch regions against regions and then say ONE SAP.
Pros: Business expertise in a technology field, training, great place to learn

Cons: Might be too fast for some, but not a con!
Advice: Keep encouraging innovation, rewarding excellence, and maintain that open culture that makes SuccessFactors so unique! What a blessing it is to be a part of SuccessFactors!
Pros: Flexible work hours
Challenging work environment that rewards your efforts to achieve excellence
"Everybody is your team" type of mentality
You see and feel that you are contributing to the business an other employees on day 1!
Great benefits

Cons: Work life balance is not always great.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company that has many different kind of opportunities. If you don't like the group you're working in, SAP is so large that you can seek out other groups within the company.  The company also has multiple locations, so you're not always stuck in Newtown Square, PA, although this is somewhat dependent on the group you're in and your position.

Cons: This is specific to La Crosse as I have little experience with other offices: 
- Managers who are not qualified for their position.
- Coworkers discouraged from working together
- Interaction between employees is like being in grade school again
- Little reward for hard work
- No work-life balance
- Difficult to be promoted because the senior manager is stuck in his position because he is unpromotable.
Advice: Get a clue
Pros: Not really much to say here.  There are some unique benefits, but they are vastly out-weighed by the inferior management here.

Cons: Lots of dead weight. People stay there to collect retirement. I've seen lots employees just sit at their cubes pretending to do work and they always say they are so busy. Very poor management.
Advice: Senior management needs to really look at the caliber of their employees. Single out people who have been there for 5-10 years or more and you will find out they are the ones who are bringing the company down.
Pros: You can surf the web all day long, pay your bills, make lots of personal phone calls.

Cons: Large global organization, so it is often difficult to meet everyone.
Advice: Keep up the great work! SuccessFactors ROCKS!  Continue to believe in your employees and treat them with respect.
Pros: Fast-paced culture with many opportunities for employees!  The executive management team is very forthcoming with information. SuccessFactors promotes a can-do attitude and strives to make their employees feel appreciated! (A very nice change from my previous company!)

Cons: I really don't have any cons here.  I have worked in several fortune 100 companies and this is the best run company I have ever worked for
Advice: Keep up the long-term strategic thinking and your communication with employees
Pros: Brilliant people to work with, incredibly respectful work environment, employees are highly motivated, able to work remotely at times, highly flexible environment

Cons: Tight deadlines, lots of overtime, sometimes virtual when need more in-person meetings. Very matrixed environment, sometimes to the detriment of the work.
Advice: Pay more attention to work-life balance and to pointless political infighting.
Pros: Interesting work, some transfer opportunities, generally collegial environment. Some travel opportunity. Good chance to learn. Some flexibility for work at home.

Cons: - Green card process starts only after 4 years of joining the company
- Too much hierarchy and bureaucracy 
- Changes are slow and adoption of new technologies is also slow
Advice: Upper management doesn't give importance or pay heed to development team concerns. Only product management and sales teams have visibility even though the development teams work really hard.
Pros: - Good work life balance
- Decent benefits
- Good job security
- Pay is on par with other bay area companies

Cons: Everything else but the $4.25.

Life at SAP is a bizarre maze of things that often focused more on not getting things done than working towards shared company objectives - all while using the most user unfriendly sofrware you will find. Career advancement and compensation is like an auto race with crashes, weather delays and danger to people near the track. Managers ... ha!
Advice: Search deep within yourself for integrity.
Pros: Used-to-be-free lunch. Nowadays, the $4.25 subsidy covers about thwo-thirds of a higher-priced lunch.

Nice facilities.

Cons: Knowing who is who, co-workers in all different locations, must be a self-starter, big organization is not a fit for everyone.
Advice: Organization. Although a large company, we could make the culture more intimate.
Pros: Amazing Culture, Healthy Competition, Good Pay, Reward for hard work

Cons: Lot of dead weight, too many groups working on same projects
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of new innovations. Flexible work timing, if you want a start up culture you can work new upcoming product group, if you want to take it easy there are groups where you can work 8-5pm or less.

Cons: lacks innovation- even the challenging work is not challenging enough
all the problems of a bigger organisation are there
Advice: take more risk and steer to the new world of innovation
Pros: stable life 
avg pay
employee friendly company
good for remote working
discounted shares sale - good to invest
transparent management

Cons: Work could get repetitive if you do not actively shift teams. Some teams do excellent research work, but not all. Depends on where you get posted.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to work with people from different countries. Chilled out atmosphere, college-like environment. Get to work on different products in the suite.

Cons: Passion to meet aggressive company goals can sometimes impact one's personal life
Advice: None
Pros: Very innovative company with aggressive with go-to market strategies.  
Employees are very passionate and dedicated to the overall success of the company.
Employees are free to speak their minds and provide feedback to SAP leadership
Leadership appreciates feedback of employees and acts on recommendations

Cons: Revolving chairs - same people keep getting different/expanded roles.
Fiefdoms - senior management adept at forming mini-empires
Always a sense of crisis/cost-cutting despite the company firing on all cylinders
Advice: Ask management to manage down and not just up and develop internal talent
Pros: Work life balance
Innovation is back!
Good salary and benefits.
Global interaction.

Cons: Sometimes it's hard not to feel like a small cog in a giant machine. Making a small decision can sometimes take a lot of work. It's hard to feel agile.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing, and try to make developers feel important.
Pros: Great compensation and benefits, and a strong drive for work-life balance.

Cons: Sometimes dysfunctional.  Redundent departments.  Management doesn't talk to employees enough.
Advice: Get input before you make your decisions.
Pros: Salary, benefits. I have to manage my own time and activities.  As a consultant, I work with a wide range of people on a temporary basis.

Cons: Politics; gamesmanship; inexperienced mid level managers. Dysfunctional relationships. Self promotion at its best!
Advice: Spend several years in leadership development and learn integrity.
Pros: Talented field level personnel. Good money.

Cons: while process and structure is good on the one hand, it can sometimes make things take a while to get done
Advice: keep up the good work!  its's an exciting time to work at SAP
Pros: market leader
new innovations
very 
strategic acquisitions
focus on people
process and structure

Cons: zero work life balance
lopsided compensation 
German culture imposed on US has a chilling effect on innovation
hard to move within the orgnization
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits
Smart people 
Global brand 
great customers that have amazing businesses 
good HR and support staff

Cons: Need more commitment to employee continued education and work/life balance.
Advice: Relax some of the billable requirement to allow consultants to broaden skills without sacrificing time with family.
Pros: Great culture.  Emphasis on Collaboration. Top notch consultants committed to customer success. Very proud to have worked for SAP.

Cons: Very fast pace, many time zones to manage. You must be good at prioritizing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great business space, bright future and opportunities. Great business challenges ahead, with opportunity to lead in the SaaS market.

Cons: Company is transitioning the business model, bonus is been affected as the new revenues are still picking up.
Lack of strategic vision from part of the senior management. 
Many times the senior management message get lost on the way.
Advice: None
Pros: Best Enterprise software portfolio worldwide. 
Flexible work Environment 
Good Total compensation
Solid company.

Cons: salary is less compared to the other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: there is lot of flexibility for working hours. Lots of opportunities to learn and work on the latest technologies. Our team follows Scrum methodology which is very effective software development process. Free lunches, fruits and drinks.

Cons: You can't stay in the same place long. Re-orgs occur annually so if you like consistency SAP may not be for you.
Advice: Putting visions and new ideas into action more rapidly.
Pros: Great culture, benefits and opportunities. Super talent within the organization at many levels.

Cons: very little downtime, 
too much micro management
Advice: break up silos and let's live ONE SAP
Pros: Always change and something new, never a dull moment or standstill

Cons: North America: evolving as a global player. Maturing focus on diversity in the work place.
Advice: Better integration, cohesion of new initniatives and existing programs needed.
Pros: Global player that values its employees, balancing competitive spirit and exciting career opportunities with quality of life and work/life balance.

Cons: Lot of internal politics
Most of promotions happen based on networking you have just like any other organization in US.
Advice: Improve services area so that they can sell more licenses to companies.
Pros: Good Work Environment
Good Communication from Mgmt
Every good products from SAP

Cons: Essentially no stock options.
Horrible work environment (building itself)
Constant reorgs.  And I do mean constant.
At SAP, "collaboration" means get 10 people on a call and "group grope".
Advice: Stop viewing developers as fungible.
Stop changing the org all the time.
Pros: Flexible work arrangements
Cash comp is good

Cons: Must be willing to travel 100% to fully succeed.
Advice: Although the SAP landscape has changed dramatically over the past five years, my suggestion is to work faster to address employee feedback concerns.
Pros: You always have the possibility to learn something new and move forward in your career at SAP.

Cons: low pay for junior people, and pace is relatively slow for the junior people and not too much space to grow
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, flexible hours, talented people to work with and lots of opportunities

Cons: If you come from an acquisition, don't expect an increase. If you are earning below average salary, might as well look for another job
Advice: None
Pros: Global and Innovative company. Constant growth year-over-year and revenues rising

Cons: using old technologies and products, and slow to adapt to new changes
Advice: Need to move new hot tools and products, be nice to employees
Pros: big enterprise German giant, different culture and environment

Cons: Shrinking benefits. Benefits are not comparable and are less as compared with peer companies within industry group.
Advice: Don't be so stingy to employees
Pros: SAP is a great place to work with a good work-life balance. Colleagues are friendly and helpful.

Cons: Low performers are everywhere, quality of work is getting worse every day. 
Lots of people browse internet, just because they are friends with their direct managers, this is unacceptable for any company.
Advice: Please review carefully recent employee survey results, and finally do something with management to make our company great and full of passionate people.
Pros: Opportunity to work with different customers every week. 
Great learning experience.

Cons: not innovative enough to stay competent in the market. SAP need to pay good to keep the good talent intact.
Advice: Motivate employees by offering to share profit if they bring innovation in the product.
Pros: Great work life balance. Big organization and diverse culture.

Cons: Travel is too much, pay structure is not very transparent
Advice: All talk, need more action
Pros: Access to Internal Training, Access to the latest Technologies, friendly people

Cons: Large company.
Muddled pay structure.
Germany-centric.
Too much travel.
Advice: You have a grossly over-reported view of employee satisfaction.  This company is floundering and you are not providing strong leadership.
Pros: Great teammates.
Large company with many career choices.

Cons: Bureaucracy of processes make it sometimes difficult to get certain things done
Advice: More lean processes in diverse areas will make it more effective.
Pros: Excellent work experience, great work environment, great benefits, great tools to work and a lot of perks

Cons: - command order-style
- lack of vision
- flawed execution
Advice: - don't bet everything on HANA. 
- make ppl accountable
- stop throwing BS (like taking credits for what SAP didnt' deserve)
Pros: - good pay/benefits
- global company
- lots of potential opps

Cons: SAP underutilizes its staff and generally does not promote from within.
Advice: Employee skills development and employee investment are key to the future.
Pros: A great number of highly competant colleagues.

Cons: restricted to the ERP domain and ABAP
Advice: None
Pros: great deal of learning, opportunities, learn the essence of an ERP system, networking and opportunities to mentor individuals

Cons: Must be willing to travel extensively. Most opportunities are in sales
Advice: continue to promote from within and have strong internal job system
Pros: Opportunity, technology, progressive, mobile environment

Cons: Excess layers of mid-management, very bureaucratic
Managers performance reviews of employees aren't always shared with employee
Good old boy network is difficult to penetrate
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning opportunities
Above average compensation

Cons: Sometimes takes more effort to do things due to its size and spread.
Advice: None
Pros: Understands customers pain points and build real business solutions. Fosters innovation. And takes care of employees

Cons: large corporate overhead, waste of time if you want to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work environment, still not quite silicon valley style

Cons: Very narrow minded middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Access to learn new tools and technologies

Cons: Managements are more care about Wall Street a.k.a stocks and their own bonuses. Employees are now on the bottom.
Advice: If SAP goes this way without change, you will lose most if not all your loyal employees soon.
Pros: SAP used to be a valuable company to work with, no longer from 2012.

Cons: Limited or no opportunities for advancement.
Advice: Fire all mid level managers. They are not worth a penny.
Pros: Competitive pay. Great benefits and bonus package.

Cons: Salary levels are not impressive
Advice: None
Pros: Good work - life balance in many teams with the right amount of staffing.

Cons: Actually I can think of none
Advice: Keep up the good work, spend more on innovative products
Pros: Great work culture, great people, good compensation

Cons: Actually I can think of none
Advice: Keep up the good work, spend more on innovative products
Pros: Great work culture, great people, good compensation

Cons: Can sometimes seems like you are a small fish in a big ocean.
Advice: Reach out to the lower level employees more.
Pros: Tons of resources to leverage your skills.

Cons: If you end up in SAP as MA, then your career is not that great.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work with lots of opportunity to grow.

Cons: Too many cooks in the kitchen
Hard to get things done
Advice: Make it easier to understand performance ratings and criteria
Pros: Good salary, bonus
Care about employees

Cons: Too many cooks in the kitchen
Hard to get things done
Advice: Make it easier to understand performance ratings and criteria
Pros: Good salary, bonus
Care about employees

Cons: Not a very efficient company
Too many underperformers
Advice: Better pay for performance mechanisms
Pros: Good work/life balance
Free lunch
Good benefits

Cons: strong network to move up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader, many opportunities to work on key technologies, enterprise applications and successful customers.. friendly colleagues and good work life balance

Cons: Very bureaucratic and rigid processes to navigate thru.
Advice: Simplify interal processes
Pros: Takes good care of employees and lay offs are far and few even in a down economy.

Cons: Very bureaucratic and rigid processes to navigate thru.
Advice: Simplify interal processes
Pros: Takes good care of employees and lay offs are far and few even in a down economy.

Cons: Travel, bonus structure, sales people look out for themselves
Advice: None
Pros: Close to the technology, easy to pick up on the latest SAP technology, good people

Cons: Poor work life balance for consultants
Advice: HR needs to develop cross training programs so employees can transfer between the various organizations.
Pros: Above average Benefits, Pay, IT infrastructure

Cons: Detailed, lengthy processes to bring products, etc. to market
Advice: None
Pros: Great marketing, excellent white papers and sales tools

Cons: Workload are not equal among different groups, yet the return are almost the same.
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch and stable job

Cons: Feeling of getting lost in crowd. Good work goes unnoticed
Advice: Keep all the good work & execute current vision
Pros: Good benefits. Exciting new productline

Cons: Independently need to study and do research
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of chances to learn new tech

Cons: Its a place in transition with the SAP acquisition
Advice: None
Pros: Flat hierarchy
Empowered employees 
passionate leadership

Cons: Can be very bureaucratic, trying to keep up with newer technology companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great vision, very relevant to the business world.

Cons: They do not have a strategy in consulting services.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an innovative sbusiness software ompany that thrives on competition and challenges.

Cons: The hierarchy becomes more and more complicated.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work environment, relatively good work life balance.

Cons: my manager knows very little about my work
Advice: I think the manager should spend sometime to get to know his employees
Pros: Have great opportunity for networking

Cons: You're not always working with the smartest people
Advice: None
Pros: The performance review process allows top performer to climb the ladder.

Cons: no place to move up. all about politics.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours, free lunch, good coffee

Cons: my manager knows very little about my work
Advice: I think the manager should spend sometime to get to know his employees
Pros: Have great opportunity for networking

Cons: Takes time to build your internal network.
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, Great brand, happy customers.

Cons: lack of empowerment, too many silos, difficult to move beyond VP
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company, lots of opportunity

Cons: no cons I love working here
Advice: Be open more to employees advice
Pros: good working environment
pay well
good way for career progression

Cons: commute necessary to the office
Advice: shuttle employees
Pros: global company. solutions are used by major corps.

Cons: Not that much action, the ship moves quite slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back not pressured, job security

Cons: slow moving, changing political winds make it difficult to follow through on initiatives.
Advice: None
Pros: Career development support, relative stability
