Cons: Still need to figure out how to harmonize all the products and then publish (and keep up) tight and clear documentation on the harmonization. Many times it takes trial and error to figure out something one would think would be clearly documented.
Advice: Speed up the product harmonization. Improve internal technical documentation. You've been world-class in supporting everyone during COVID - keep that up!
Pros: SAP has exceeded my expectations all around. SAP is enormous so navigating the ins and outs of an enterprise this large is reality; so yes, there will be cliques here and there, there will be managers who aren't as adept as other managers, and change is constant. Thing is, in 2020 successful companies have to keep inventing and innovating. If you stay stagnant in this global economy, you'll struggle. I'm listing this as a "pro" - there is no hand holding at SAP. The company has invested mightily when it comes to self-learning and if you take advantage of these options and invest in yourself - you'll be successful. There's plenty of opportunity for growth and movement within the org and not just from a professional standpoint. The company offers and supports sabbaticals and fellowships. The technology provided to employees is top-notch. Want to use a mac and not a PC? Sure! Need supplies now that we're all working from home? No problem, order what you need (in reason, obviously). There are many 2018 reviews stating how people were leaving certain SAP brands en masse - and while there is some validity there, many of them expressed regret 6/12/18 months later. Says a lot about the company.

Cons: Change is a constant in the business work, particularly with tech. However, I have experienced more than average changes and re-orgs in my time at SAP. For example, I have had 4 different managers in one year as part of various re-orgs. My colleague has had 6 different managers in a year and a half. This leads to a feeling of job insecurity that is never good. Also, while SAP was ranked #1 for diversity by Forbes Magazine, my personal experience does not match that. There are no people of color on my team. Tangentially, I work with only one woman of color and three men of color. Older employees tend to get re-org'ed out. The Board is white and Germany with only one woman currently in what I would consider a 'more female" role. To SAP's credit, they have stepped up in 2020 to address racial injustice in a meaningful way that has been more than lip service.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares about its employees. Yes, really! It recognizes that its Human Resources are its most powerful resource. SAP has created a culture of people first, whether that be rewarding its employees with bonus days off during Covid to ease stress, gifting stock options or providing amazing free learning/class opportunities to ensure health and wellness. I have never felt that SAP talks a good talk but does not back it up with action. There is a clear path for advancement. The compensation is fair. The flexible work environments are a plus. As a working mom, I have never felt unable to put my children first before work commitments.

Cons: -Org changes disrupt internal processes --&gt; handing work over is a long and slow process
-Politics of a large enterprise contingent on the team you're on - for better or for worse
-Pay for early talent is less attractive than firms of similar size and presence. Tenure based compensation doesn't seem in line with the young-recruit view toward career progression 
-Catching up to do to acquire and retain talent that would rather go to the top tier tech companies (Amazon, FB, Google)
Advice: Continue valuing your people in all functions and continue to make the org more lean. Entitlement has real implications on an org's ability to be flexible to changing market conditions, customer needs, and increasing competition. Find what you're good at and don't try to be everything all at once. Additionally, continue pushing for the development of tech skills among all levels of tiers. Top tech companies demand basic coding skills and excellent computer-intuition which seems to be lacking in certain back-office professions. This can be less efficient internal processes that ultimately slow down customer-oriented activities. I love this place and want to see it go far!!
Pros: SAP trains you to be the best and expects nothing less while also having a strong people-oriented and value-based culture. The opportunities are what you make of them and the company has a bright (if not perhaps less accelerated) future. I've always been proud to work at this company!
-Plenty of room for growth, laterally and horizontally
-Many mechanisms in place to develop its employees

Cons: Policies &amp; procedures have become ridiculous. We have literally gone back 10 years in time to manually keeping track of issues with our new "Issue Tracker". Nothing is automated like it used to be. 

Also, finding the right resources is tough and the documentation and training are severely lacking. 

Making sure new employees have proper access is also a headache. Half of the managers have no clue on how to get proper access to new hires. 

As a woman working for a large company, there is a huge pay gap between men and women. I know this because my referral (who is male) was hired on making 10k more a year than me for a lower position and this was after I had been with the company for over a decade.  While Sap-Concur has made some strides to improve the pay difference for me, it is still not enough. I am barely making more than the new hires that I am expected to train and mentor.
Advice: Listen to your employees. We are the ones serving our clients and having 20 different tools makes it more difficult to assist our clients and is a disservice to our company. 

Review the pay gap between men and women (tenure &amp; title should be taken into consideration as well) and correct it.
Pros: This company has an amazing set of core values. We truly are all about the customer's experience. 

SAP-Concur offers a great work-life balance.

Cons: Some poor leadership - Current security leadership (August 2020) is pretty nonexistent, just does not communicate or lead in any way. They are not an obstacle to getting work done, but they do nothing to help get it done or provide direction in what should be done.
Executive leadership changes - At this time (August 2020), recent Executive Board changes leave some uncertainty as to the direction of the company and the competence of the leadership. Need some more diverse and experienced members and need to communicate better.
Organizational changes are frequent - Partially due to rapid acquisitions over the past decade, but organizational and leadership changes can be very frequent and by the time you adjust to one reorg, there is another. This creates a certain amount of administrative work that could otherwise be avoided.
Advice: Replace security leadership (as of August 2020) at several levels who have received poor employee pulse scores with people who are willing to actually lead. Communicate with employees so they know what is going on currently and what the goals of the company and their individual teams are.
Pros: Flexible work - majority of employees can work from home, work flexible hours
Compensation - decent overall compensation package, but base pay is not quite up to industry averages
Organizational culture - generally positive, also nice to be exposed to a diverse global team of colleagues

Cons: Rampant nepotism. If you are not part of the cool kids club (in other words white), you will not be selected to grow in your career. There is a lack of minorities in leadership as that is not the culture here as compared to any other tech company. SAP touts itself as an inclusive employer focused on diversity yet for SAP; diversity means gender equality (but you have to be white) – it’s like SAP jut woke up to gender equality and it was the latest buzzword out there. The other problem here is SAP is great at marketing itself - it is after all a sales and marketing machine and not a software company - so reality is very different from the illusion SAP markets itself as in terms of product or people diversity. If it was not for CoVID-19 a lot of people would have left sooner.

Lastly from a performance management perspective, it does not matter if you kill yourself to stand out for you probably will make 10% more than the lowest performer and forget about talking about career goals (re: see above for explanation).
Advice: If you are serious about diversity then stop talking about it, stop marketing it and act on it. We can't breathe because you do succession planning and leave us out. We can't breathe because you promote your favorites but keep us at the level below to do all the work and pay us less.
Pros: Good benefits, bonus comes on time and a steady paycheck for a Government job.

Cons: You have to maintain relationships for promotions, it's not really based on performance, if someone you know rises to the top, they will take you with you. Most of the job positions are filled without any interview or screening, so you better focus on your networking skills than hard or smart working.

During the COVID, they came up with strange restrictions which require approvals at all levels, for employees that want to move to another country due to visa restrictions, company process requires board approval, that's for less than 10,000 USD expense, talk about running simple.

If you establish a process where nobody but board can take decisions for expenses of such low dollar value, you just don't have trust in your L3/L4/L5 leadership team, Global mobility team in SAP acts like government office (no offense to anyone), you have to constantly beg them to get your response.

You will be constantly stifled by process bureacracies and following the chain of command blessings to get simple things done, everything is strictly hierarchical.
Advice: Fix the global mobility process requiring board approval for transfers to different countries.

Focus on creating diversity across all ethnic groups in addition to gender and color. You don't see a lot of people of color or ethnicities at L1, L2 or L3 levels.

Empower your L3 and below leaders, they can make smart decisions too.
Pros: It's a great company for someone who is not looking for an accelarated growth path or not dependent on a visa to work.

Cons: Only your usual balance between when ideal UX designs could be implemented because of the backend and performance issues which requires a lot architecture changes.
Advice: None
Pros: They immediately had everyone work from home in March 2020 when news of the pandemic broke out and have been very supportive and flexible. They've given us 10 days to use for crisis leave like taking care of family or decompressing as kids are at home; this is not for sick leave which you'd use if you or anyone in your family gets Covid-19. They even sent all employees reusable cloth masks to use and kept us update on the current Covid-19 situation worldwide. Prior to all this it was great going into work and meeting with colleagues and eating lunch together. Now our whole UX department meets on virtual chat every Friday or so just to chat during lunch hour about none work stuff. SAP has also asked for Fridays to not have meetings so people can get work done and flexible to figure out the new norm with staying at home. The most resent team building is arranging for us to do virtual remote Escape rooms in teams of 7 or painting as a team getting a kit at home.

Cons: The large business comes with some of the expected cons of a large business. It can be difficult to keep up with all of the different teams and navigate the big SAP world. We are constantly working to simplify process and restructure to mitigate these issues, but with this size of a business it persists.
Advice: Providing a functional organization chart (team name and  short description) especially when a reorganization takes place would help employees navigate these changes. Remember that while we appreciate the "big picture" what we really want are the details and "how it affects me" which seems to be missed in the large change announcements.
Pros: The people: We have a very dedicated and talented workforce who are great to work with every day. Many of my colleagues have become good friends.
The benefits: SAP offers a wonderful and well rounded benefit package.
The culture: Our employees actually take to heart the desired behaviors to build a wonderful working culture doing things like building bridges, telling it like it is, and keeping their promises. SAP as a company and individuals actually care about others we work with, and that shows.
The office: SAP Pittsburgh has a beautiful NEW office in a wonderful location. We can't wait to be able to return to our office when things are safe again (pandemic).

Cons: Being a very large organization, getting things done takes a bit longer. More approvals required, more people involved, more "red tape". Not quite as nimble as a smaller org, but this is understansable and something we just learn to work with!
Advice: Continue to invest in your people. The programs and resources that have been brought to us over the past several years are incredible, and have been well received by those taking advantage of them. Thank you for seeing the benefit in programs focused on mental health, especially during these uncertain times when we are all working from home, and struggling to keep work/life balance in check.
Pros: The culture at SAP Concur would be hard to beat anywhere else. I have worked at several different companies, and have never felt more like a family any other place. The people here truly care about one another, want to see others succeed, and are willing to go the extra mile to ensure everyone has a happy work/life balance. Family always come first, and there is a level of respect and trust exhibited with our leaders. Not only is this an incredibly strong company, but also having such amazing people to work with is what makes it a place I plan to remain until I retire.

Cons: With so much content available to leverage, they need an improved internal search mechanism.  They do have one, and it's effective, but it could be better, perhaps leverage more filters and attributes....given how much content there is.  This is the only think I can think of, and it's nit picking.
Advice: Please do follow through on making travel employees accommodated until such a time as an effective covid 19 immunization is widely distributed to the masses.
Pros: Values employees, their needs, opinions, safety, career growth, needs, family life balance.  
Great benefits.  Good compensation.  Incredible on-boarding program.  Great communication both from upper management and immediate management.  Overall, I am blown away.  Covid 19 wise, again the company has employee safety  at heart.   For those with high risk, I believe they will work with employees who have travel requirements, in order to stay safe until immunizations exist.  Very impressive.  The amount of content available to employees borders on overwhelming, there is so much available to educate, prepare and enrich employee knowledge.  They even have formal programs for finding  mentors, coaches and peer interactions.  I could go on and on.  Great company.

Cons: There is a lot of leadership changes going on constantly, which is both good and bad. Good if you’re in sales or product building since you can climb the ladder. Bad because it creates a lot of confusion on the teams doing actual work, and definitely makes it harder to be strategic.
Advice: SAP really needs to adopt a cloud software culture quickly where the feedback loops from voice of customer to production releases are cycling on time scales of months, not years. The competition is stiff with top cloud-native enterprise vendors offering more integrated portfolios of products. SAP needs to accelerate to maintain a position of strength.
Pros: This is one of the premier organizations when it comes to enterprise software sales execution. I joined SAP from a startup software product management and business development background specifically to learn and become GTM at scale, and become part of a team-based selling culture that executes deals at scale across all industries. There are many roles for one to learn and play. The culture work-life balance, and benefits are amazing.

Cons: Booted Jen Morgan in favor of a German CEO. Feels hypocritical to tout diversity and inclusion as a key value in SAP, then find an excuse to push out one of the most qualified businesswoman in the world. If the board didn't want co-CEOs, then why did they agree to it in the first place? Massive loss to SAP.
Advice: Don't get rid of your most qualified, most liked leaders.
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance. I love the focus on diversity and inclusion in the company. Truly felt like a global company, until the board ousted Jen Morgan.
The stock program, OwnSAP, is a great value for employees. You can contribute up to 10% of each paycheck to the program and SAP will match 40% of what you contribute (up to some ceiling). The stock immediately vests, so if even you don't want to invest in SAP you can immediately sell it and essentially increase your salary by 4% for free.

Cons: - salary might not be as comparable to the other tech giants but I prefer a good healthy work environment with good employee benefits than looking for a high paying company where employees are just treated like resources that they need to milk to exhaustion
Advice: None
Pros: - I have been with SAP for 7 years and I love it! I have not been bored or feel stagnated in my growth till now!
- SAP has provided me so many opportunities to work with different teams and roles internally
- I have had chance to explore different roles and teams to see what I really like and am good at . I have learnt so much !
- There is so much resources for the career development and SAP encourages you to grow !
- Employees grow , Company also grows!
- I really appreciate the importance that SAP gives for the employees and listens to their voice
- I have worked in SAP bangalore and SAP palo alto

Cons: Tough to say because I haven't seen/experienced them yet.
Advice: Continue to be empathetic, servant leaders. Continue to lead with a personal touch. Continue to talk with your front-line folks to hear what's on their minds and to  get their ideas, hopes and dreams. Continue to encourage the culture you've helped build, and this company can solve the world's toughest problems.
Pros: There's too much to share here. Since joining I've been very impressed. Great leaders and great people all around. I get to work with people who are the very best in their field, and several renowned experts. My manager and team are highly competent and supportive. I've been challenged in ways that have made me better and prompted me to consider new, different ideas (wow, right). Although it is a big company, SAP is a place where I feel like I can make a difference, and my contribution matters. It is also a place with a ton of opportunity that stands for values I believe in.

Cons: Too much politics. High performers are not promoted. Career growth is limited to an elite circle and even if you are a high performer or catalyst it does not guarantee you will get promoted to the next level. Some toxicity in engineering, with teams fighting over tools and practices which slows down the innovation speed.
Advice: Take care of your talents. They are strong and willing to bring SAP to the next level in the cloud fight.  But if they are not put at contribution they will leave and use their expertise at another place. Diversity is also an issue, even though the company is promoting diversity, there is a lot of discrimination happening on teams. Diversity should not be a process, but part of the culture.
Pros: Nice challenges to tackle. Awesome place to meet great people. Employer that cares a lot and provides a safe environment to all. Great work life balance. Global organization with a major impact on people's lives.

Cons: It's very difficult to develop software at this scale. It's very difficult to manage at this scale. Teams can function agily at small scale, but it can take a long time for large scale features that span hundreds of teams to solidify into action.  Small companies can't dream of taking on problems of this sort, but at the same time, everything you learned at a small company has to be reinvented.
Advice: Management should acknowledge the grand challenge more openly.  With products that have been under continuous development for decades we literally have multiple generational objectives, so please don't change the objective with each new upper management change.
Pros: SAP is home to several software mega-projects and its rare you get a chance to work at this scale in software.  Everyone is nice beyond belief and extremely competent in their different areas.  Developing software for mega-projects is an unsolved problem and you get to work on it with great people.

Cons: SAP pays commissions at the end of the month AFTER they receive payment from the customer. This is not the industry norm. A typical tech co pays reps at the end of the month following when the order was booked. (i.e. - close a deal in January, you get paid end of February.)

At SAP, the rep gets paid only after the customer pays SAP. So in the case above, close a deal in January, customer pays in April, you get paid end of May. Most customers are paying @ net 90 the past couple of years. This means you'll wait 4-5 months on average to get your commission checks. And that's after long 12-18 month sales cycles that are the typical for SAP products. Be aware!!
Advice: SAP is not a startup and has billions in the bank. Pay commissions "net 30" from the month the order is booked like every other tech company does!
Pros: Collaborative atmosphere among sales reps

Cons: Outdated technologies, and it's hard to integrate new technologies to the existing products since they're very old and complicated and there's a lot of legacy code. You should take that into account that you'd be considerably behind the times once you return to the market.
Very hard to get a raise.
No bonuses.
As a woman, men got higher pay doing the same job.
As an associate, I had the same pay as a colleague of mine who worked there for10 years.
You only get stock after a few years of work.
Not a lot of quality company events or bonus perks.
Advice: None
Pros: Steady pay
Good for people with families
A fair amount of PTO and sick days
Flexible with hours as long as you deliver as you're expected
Good mentorship programs and support of management to grow and develop skills
ability to occasionally work from home.
Modern development methodologies.
High quality of collaboration between deparments and teams, internationally too.

Cons: Process.  Way too much process in certain areas of the company.  Something areas like pricing are way over-engineered that they are punitive to work with.   Product Management lives is Development and feature releases have a tenancy to be hi-jacked for the sake of technology, leaving many products in a catch-up position.
Advice: Move Product Management to Customer Success and staff accordingly.  Make Customer Success be the customer of Development and allow Customer Success to be the right arm of sales in the field for the products instead of leaning into the Development teams.
Pros: New leadership is much less "Rah Rah go sales!" like McDermott and Morgan and is more in touch with the workforce down.  I get more candidate and honest information from this leadership team than the previous and feel this management team is much more strategic in terms of company direction beyond making the numbers.

Cons: Being a global company, the downside is the need to work early/late hours to meet European and Asian Time Zones, working from the US. 
Also need more diversity on the board.
Advice: 
Pros: SAP is always striving to be better than they currently are. They are strategic customer centric and community focused. I am very impressed with the care for employees during the COVID crisis, taking a regular pulse of employees and addressing their needs like mental health, work from home challenges , childcare challenges, social justice issues etc. They offered additional matching funds for BLM and social justice organizations. They have a focus on sustainability and partner with not for profits for volunteer opportunities. They have invited guest speakers to open our minds to the challenges facing society and allow people to ask questions in a safe environment. I can go on and on.

Cons: It's a large company and there are legacy processes in place. Management is aware and trying to work to improve in this area.
Advice: You recognize your people are your most important asset; please continue to embody this approach.  Communication is so valuable, especially during COVID-19.  Keep up the good work.
Pros: I've worked at SAP for almost a year. I can say that I've been impressed with everything from onboarding (pairing you up with a mentor / buddy, weekly onboarding sessions, lots of communication) through to where I am now. There's lots to learn, but the whole environment is focused on you succeeding. I appreciate the benefits, the flexibility and the opportunity to grow. I've been very impressed with my time here. Thank you for investing in Diversity and Inclusion. SAP is strong technology player and our stock reflects that.

Cons: For most positions you have to be comfortable with working remotely. This is a Pro for many people but for those that are used to daily interaction at the office it is different. But in this new 2020 world, technology and process to handle working remotely has improved tremendously.
Advice: Keep focusing on the employees and customers.  This is a winning strategy.
Pros: * SAP focuses on Professional Growth and Development
* SAP cares about employees and customers supported by all of the great things that the company has done during the pandemic for employees and customers.
* You are surrounded by and work on teams of knowledgeable people that have different and diverse backgrounds to strengthen teams and help each other be successful.
* SAP pays well and offers great employee benefits.
* Although SAP is a very large company there is still a small time feel when it comes to team collaboration and communication.

Cons: not a good place to start your career- opportunities to advance are very limited
work is quite boring
pay is kinda low for the bay area
Advice: allow workers to internally transfer more easily
Pros: flexible work from home policy
- employees got to work from home at least two days a week(or more if approved)
boss allowed some employees to live outside the Bay Area if they desired- in return the employee needed to visit once a quarter
- boss was very ok with employees clocking off to pick up children or go exercise in the middle of the afternoon- as long as you did your work shortly after, all was fine

free lunch

you almost never worked more than 8 hours a day. often, many employees would work less than that as the amount of work would be empty on certain days

Cons: Lack of diversity especially in senior leadership. One woman on the Board. Overwhelmingly white, German men leading on Board and other senior positions. Few people of color in leadership. 
Complex corporate structure leads to politics, duplicative work, and slow decision making 
Lack of team morale/team connection due to remote environment and company culture
Advice: Appoint women and people of color to leadership positions. Having 30% women in management is not an accomplishment, there is much more room to improve. The company does not reflect the global reach and diversity of its 100k employees. We fail to take advantage of our best differentiator - our people and diverse ideas.
Pros: Challenging but supportive environment
Resources to do meaningful projects
Career opportunities and manager support for young people 
Strong managers 
Company makes positive impact on world, cares about sustainability and climate change 
Vacation, health and professional development benefits
Work life balance and flexibility for parents

Cons: SAP LATAM is the epitome of the Latin macho boys’ club.  The toxic and hostile environment is not only within the North team, but it is also fomented and perpetuated by its top leaders and complicit with human resources.  As a former employee, who was subjected to age, gender,  ethnic discrimination and inappropriate touching harassment, I was fired in retaliation three business days after an unresolved mediation with the EEOC.  After almost 5 years of loyal service and enduring this level of employee treatment, SAP discharged me in the most inhumane and humiliated manner without severance and without completion of expense reimbursement.  They don’t practice what they preach, high turnover in management and promotion of unqualified talent based on favoritism. At SAP you are only a number.
Advice: SAP should focus more on sexual and discrimination harassment policies enforcement and education and not promoting individuals to leadership roles based on favoritism and tenure.
Pros: Good benefits, great enterprise and leading business software solution products.

Cons: SAP LATAM is the epitome of the Latin macho boys’ club.  The toxic and hostile environment is not only within the North team, but it is also fomented and perpetuated by its top leaders and complicit with human resources.  As a former employee, who was subjected to age, gender,  ethnic discrimination and inappropriate touching harassment, I was fired in retaliation three business days after an unresolved mediation with the EEOC.  After almost 5 years of loyal service and enduring this level of employee treatment, SAP discharged me in the most inhumane and humiliated manner without severance and without completion of expense reimbursement.  They don’t practice what they preach, high turnover in management and promotion of unqualified talent based on favoritism. At SAP you are only a number.
Advice: SAP should focus more on sexual and discrimination harassment policies enforcement and education and not promoting individuals to leadership roles based on favoritism and tenure.
Pros: Good benefits, great enterprise and leading business software solution products.

Cons: Being such a large organization it is easy to get overwhelmed, we have too much information, experts, sessions, sites, and sometimes confusing. Also we all work very independently so we need to be creative and strategic.
Advice: Some areas of the company appear to have objectives and goals that go against each other, also solutions compete with each other and it can create some conflict.
Pros: At SAP you are frequently exposed to all kinds of customers in different industries facing unique challenges and we have the ability to help them, so our role is exciting and it never gets monotonous. You are always working with very smart and experienced peers that come from different backgrounds so you also learn a lot from them. Personally, there's a lot of flexibility and colleagues tend to be very nice and open.

Cons: Although the company talks about empowerment and unlearned hierarchies to self manage. Board mandates demonstrate a lack of trust in the same employees it wants to empower.
Advice: Trust your employees.  Provide guidance but don't limit our ability to spend a few extra dollars to do what's right for the employees especially under crazy times (Covid).  The current mandate on purchasing equipment at home has led to difficult situations for some of our employees who can't afford the same luxuries as many..    Plus different restrictions per regions is inconsistent and doesn't help.
Pros: The company does truly care for it's employees and customers. Strategy focused on a stronger integration and quality is promising as it really focuses on our customers.

Cons: HR/IT ticket support departments need some work! I’ve had an HR ticket sitting open for 4 months with no response. IT responses to tickets can be too cryptic. This item alone is super frustrating when you need help and if you’re new to SAP. 
Remote Office: This is not really a Con but more of a challenge for those who haven’t been 100% remote before. I’m so used to being in an office and collaborating with others. Working 100% from home has taken some time to get used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life Balance and flexibility, Benefit offerings are competitive, Compensation is competitive with the market, opportunities for Growth, leaders are focused on your development and co-workers are amazing to work with! I’ve never worked at an organization where you’ve actually felt valued as an employee. Highly recommend working here!

Cons: Brown nosers and squeaky wheels are often rewarded
Be cautious "taking one for the team" as they can limit your ability to sell (which is the only KPI that really matters).   Taking on a troubled customer can have negative consequences
License team members (AE's) can be quick to throw you (or the services line of business) under the bus for self-serving reasons
There is a deliberate effort underway to replace many of the older people.  Wish I could write more on this topic.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of room to be creative (within limits) with customer deals
Pay can be very good for top sellers. 
Many very smart and competent coworkers although it seems to be declining a bit
To a large degree, the account(s) to which you are assigned determine your success (maybe a "con").

Cons: Over the years, SAP North America has become increasingly focused on internal power struggles and politics. While the Customer Success message is nice, there are very few leaders left who will choose to do the right thing if it includes any bit of risk to them personally. It is unfortunate how drastically the character of the company has changed for the worse in such a short period of time.
Advice: Focus more outside the 4 walls, truly on our customer's success, and support our employees who choose to do the same, even when that is prioritized over internal projects more focused on internal power struggles and individual gains.
Pros: SAP has relationships with many of the most influential corporations in the world, and thus a tremendous opportunity to truly help the world run better. Also developer of amazing analytic tools, SAP has an opportunity to help address some of our nation's biggest challenges such as COVID, homelessness, mental health, recidivism, etc.

Cons: - Hard to navigate because there are so many different units. going from one to another is difficult unless you have a connection
- Process can be slow and complex as part of the large European company
- Integration of product lines slow
Advice: - Do not lose the more nimble culture from the acquired companies 
- It is time to break down the barriers that currently dictate locale-specific workforce
- Keep focus on expanding the Board to include representatives from other regions
Pros: - Employee Network Groups have strong support by management to grow diversity and inclusion
- Innovation Challenges available to work with new people and create new applications to better the world
- Multiple best in breed product lines
- Remote work was easily supported

Cons: - Like any large organization, it can take time to make significant change happen.
- There's been a lot of organizational change over the past 6 - 9 months, though this has settled in the past two months.
Advice: There is a lot of organizational change happening which needs to be carefully balanced with getting the work done that we need to.
Pros: - At the forefront of enterprise technology.
- Results driven which makes for a dynamic and interesting place to work.
- Excellent benefits options.
- Very supportive of people on all levels; committed to diversity, inclusion, and making a positive impact to the world with programs like 1 Billion Lives, and a commitment to solutions for sustainability.
- Lots of opportunities to work on a wide range of innovation projects.

Cons: Some managers ignore the SAP guidelines and overrule the corporate guidelines to suit their own opinions.
Advice: When you force people to do anything they don’t like, it will always come back to you.  I know of several employees who have wanted to work remotely or currently want to be full time remote workers.  Everyone that I have spoken to, has told me that they left already or will leave, as soon as they find other employment.  No company will ever retain an employee that does not want to work in an office, by forcing them to move to that office, 99% will accept the corporate decision to work in an office ONLY until they find other employment.
Pros: Some good managers for teams

Cons: It's a big company. You own your career. It could be easy to get lost, but from my limited perspective so far, if you have the drive to succeed, SAP will help you get where you want to go
Advice: Continue what you're doing and keep listening to your employees
Pros: I love it here. Coming from other companies, I have had a wide range of experience from an employee perspective, and SAP really does their best to treat their employees the best they can. 

Pros:
1. The work environment is wonderful. Collaboration, support, innovation: it's all there, and very prevalent
2. Mangers are excellent. They listen to your feedback, guide you for your career, and help set you up for success
3. The pay, benefits, vacation, etc. is all excellent

Cons: The only negative I can think of is that the technology and methodologies change so quickly at SAP that you do have to stay on your toes.  However, I see this as a good thing since it helps me to stay current and continuously engaged.  I guess if you're lazy, you might not like working at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Before joining SAP, I was a job hopper who rarely stayed with any company for more than 2 years because I was not satisfied with the either the company or my career potential.  I have now been with SAP for almost 10 years and have no complaints at all.  It's by far the best place I have ever worked and continues to get better as each year passes.

Cons: Management wants you to account for all of your time each day on a timecard even though you are salary. If you work on 20 tasks, there will be 20 entries on the timecard. You seem to spend 5% of your time just making sure that your timecard is correct.
Advice: Trust that employees are doing what needs to be done and drop the timecards. Employees do not like them. Does management enter timecards? If so, how far up the management structure does it extend?
Pros: Great benefits. Management wants you to cross train and develop skillsets to expand your role in the company. Lots of opportunities to advance. Management does seem to care about their employees from the top down.

Cons: 1. Difficult feeling connected when everyone is remote during COVID.
2. No free lunch during COVID.
3. Depending on the team, difficult to make any meaningful impact on products.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. A lot of opportunities to move horizontally if I feel like doing different projects or try a new career path.
2. Diverse employee base that feels inclusive.
3. Lots of early and older talent to get a range of perspectives on skills.
4. Very flexible with WFH policies even more so during COVID
5. Competitive pay
6. Some teams have large design groups. There's a larger overarching design organization for the whole company.
7. Health, vision, dental benefits. There are also stock incentives.

Cons: Individual development is a priority that sometimes takes a back seat to other priorities. Keep that in mind and stay focused on your own personal development with assistance from leadership is my advice.
Advice: every partners is a different place in their development. Recognize that and be more tailored in approach, discussion, and game  plans so that each partner can thrive.
Pros: SAP has a clear vision of it's future and is making strides to better support its partners/employees so that we can better support our customers.

Cons: It's a big company. You own your career. It could be easy to get lost, but from my limited perspective so far, if you have the drive to succeed, SAP will help you get where you want to go
Advice: Continue what you're doing and keep listening to your employees
Pros: I love it here. Coming from other companies, I have had a wide range of experience from an employee perspective, and SAP really does their best to treat their employees the best they can. 

Pros:
1. The work environment is wonderful. Collaboration, support, innovation: it's all there, and very prevalent
2. Mangers are excellent. They listen to your feedback, guide you for your career, and help set you up for success
3. The pay, benefits, vacation, etc. is all excellent

Cons: Time-consuming processes
Little training upon onboarding
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited opportunities for growing personally and professionally, as well as for career advancement in the field of current expertise or trying new opportunities and starting a career in new organizations of the company
Very appreciative, encouraging and empowering environment
A company with great culture that embraces diversity and inclusion 
The satisfying feeling of being part of a company that is constantly joining to or initiating projects to improve people's lives all over the world and making the world a better place (e.g. Climate Change, Sustainability)
Abundant number of volunteering opportunities
Flexible schedule and WFH opportunities 
Great benefits
Ability to maintain healthy work and life balance

Cons: Decisions are made in Germany. Company isn't leveraging cloud-assets well, but instead trying to create a monolith (like the failed MSFT strategy of the early 2000s). In SAP's case, there is an over-focus on ERP. 

Since decisions are centralized, they are often arbitrary and ill-informed. Too often you hear "that's a board mandate" which shuts down discussion of the value to the customer or value to SAP of a decision.
Advice: Continue necessary centralization to create interconnected platform, but recognize customers will adopt cloud incrementally in micro-suites, and better leverage purchased cloud assets. Germans don't know better.
Pros: SAP has a genuine goal to make the world a better place. Stress levels are moderate, and work-life balance is good.

Cons: - Over abundance of communication. Can be hard to keep up with all the divisions and what they do
- Vacation Package could be better for employees who work here over 15 years
Advice: - Increase the vacation package for employees over 10+ years. 
- Allow an option to buy more vacation time (up to two weeks )for the year and withdraw from paychecks
Pros: - Continuous employee development and training
- Ability to move within the company
- Stability
- Co-Workers who believe in going above and beyond for their customers
- Ever evolving to meet the needs of our customers and market
- German based company who respects time and family
- Sick Time can be used for helping family members

Cons: Pay is subpar. Not as bad as most smaller companies but is significantly worse than similarly sized companies.
Advice: Increase compensation. There's no way we can attract high level talent with what we currently pay.
Pros: Excellent people in the community. People are generally very collaborative and eager to help. Big focus on moving to a modern, cloud-based infrastructure. Excellent PTO/sick leave policies. Managers are good at recognizing your work and will promote you promptly if they feel you're overachieving. Excellent work/life balance. There were only a handful of times where I felt like I had to work more than I wanted to and our process has caught up so those scenarios don't happen anymore.

Cons: There is a lack of diversity at the higher levels of management. There is a commitment to improve diversity and inclusion, but it is very slow in the making especially with people of the African diaspora.
Advice: I hope SAP truly commits to improving diversity and inclusion and not just with women, but with black and brown people at all levels of the company. It is a great company but should better represent the community it services.
Pros: SAP has a great culture and some of the smartest and most enjoyable people to work with, it is in my opinion a family.  Additionally without a doubt, SAP has the best software to make the world run better.

Cons: There are only cons if you are not fully prepared to commit yourself to success.
Advice: Thank you for continued passion for excellence and support for your employees and customers.
Pros: -Fast paced environment
-Challenging personally and professionally
-Best in class products and support
-Strong leadership team and structure
-Strong company position in market
-Culture of inclusion and equality 
-Flexible environment, fun encouraged
-Growth throughout the company is limitless and have seen many employees with 20+ year experience grow through the ranks to top leadership
-Opportunity to learn many new things daily
-Strong training program and sales process
-Best in class tools for all parts of the job
-Company is constantly seeking feedback from employees and finding ways to improve themselves

Cons: Like any tech company things are regularly changing as far as processes and areas of focus go and it can feel overwhelming at times to keep up.
Advice: None
Pros: -Emphasis on diversity training with continuous education that comes from peers and doesn't feel performative or HR focused. 
-High  percentage of women in leadership
-Welcoming and inclusive environment on most teams and segments.
- Competitive Pay.
-Every manager I've had here supports me professionally and personally. 
-SAP Concur doesn't just say they value work life balance they really actually do. They know that when employees are thriving in their personal lives they will perform well at work.

Cons: It's a large, global organization and honestly, in the beginning I felt lost - like, where do I fit? It took about 3 years for me to really understand the company organization and where I fit within it. But along the way were caring managers and leaders who continued to guide me.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP cares about it's people. This company has a culture of giving, sharing, caring and growing people. The top executives are very transparent. I have never felt like I have been left in the dark regarding their strategy, goals, mission, and so on.  Honestly, I don't think I will ever work for another company.

Cons: You must take charge of your own advancement and career progression. Compensation is on the lower end but lots of flexibility to work from home and adjust your hours (when in non-Covid times).
Advice: Not all managers are good people managers so there is an opportunity to train better and promote differently. Try to work on getting compensation a little more competitive with other top SaaS companies especially when attracting the brightest talent.
Pros: Very collaborative culture and great work-life balance. Excellent opportunities across all the SAP business. SAP Concur in particular has a really strong and inspiring culture. Senior leadership really cares about employees and their well-being.

Cons: SAP is a very large organization, but honestly, I have felt more connected to the organization and our greater purpose than any other place I've worked in 17 years.
Advice: None
Pros: I've recently joined SAP Concur and have been so impressed with SAP as an employer. The resources and support for employees is amazing. The organization is truly global and strives for all employees to be empowered and supported.  I've never worked for an organization that truly valued employees in the way that SAP does and makes sure that all employees understand the value they bring forward as it relates to the larger organization and strategy.

Cons: Frequent re-orgs breed an air of uncertainty and constant political calculations. Design groups in Palo Alto are dwindling since they have little to no power/say in product/project direction. Overall, the morale is quite low.
Advice: You need to show your commitment to designers and design team by not just words but actual resources and opportunities..
Pros: Unlike many companies in the bay area, SAP values people and families. Generous PTO, healthy culture and good benefits. Very kind and respectful colleagues. Diverse team helps in learning and personal growth. Frequent re-orgs mean many a times teams are without a project, so plenty of downtime.

Cons: Have to make an effort to not feel silo'd at times. It's a global organization but can feel regional. That may be a good thing for some, but I want to feel connected to my peers all over the globe.
Advice: Keep making efforts to be more visible and accessible.
Pros: Large organization so I can only speak to my board area, but my experience has been overwhelmingly positive. They make legitimate efforts to encourage career growth, take action with respect to being inclusive and diversity, as well as providing avenues for just about every aspect one could expect from a work experience. Well run organization...

Cons: There are not a lot of downsides to working at SAP. While we've gone through some leadership changes, I feel strongly that we are on the right track for success -- for ourselves and our customers.
Advice: Truly appreciate the open lines of communication -- and the strong (and vocal) role we are playing in shining a light on social injustice. Don't take your foot off the gas. :)
Pros: As a long-term SAPer, I feel fortunate to work for a company that gives me the freedom and support to reinvent myself and take on new challenges -- and that trusts me to make smart decisions.

Cons: Many layers in the hierarchy structure
Advice: Keep  up the good work with cultivating and caring for your people!
Pros: A lot of PTO time, unlimited sick days, generous maternity leave + return to work transition time, stock options. People culture is great - your colleagues, manager, and leadership are easy to talk to. The company is generally promoting good programs to be involved for self-advancement or to benefit the community. My manager is easy to talk to and supports my decision. Work life balance is great - lots of flexibility as long as you get your work done.

Cons: Red-tape, Change Change and more Change, and a NA HR team that asks us to review our company on Glassdoor but won't respond to emails!
Advice: Appreciate the teams who make SAP work a bit more, maybe sales shouldn't get all the glory!
Pros: Some of the smartest people in Enterprise Technology work at SAP, and I genuinely believe that they embrace our mission and want to Help the World Run Better and Improve People's Lives. SAP has taught me to be more business-savvy, and really understand the way the corporate world is.

Cons: At times, the things that make SAP such a great company, like individuality, innovation, autonomy in one’s job, can be the biggest challenge. 

Establishing a good network of key contacts from day one is a must, and allows tracking and following of new developments across the entire organization – even outside one’s business area. Find a good mentor and be prepared to work in a “team work” approach. 

While working remote might be acceptable, working closer to an official office location may also help with establishing those relationships (though most leadership is distributed throughout the world, as in many global companies). 

SAP being an European company, the treatment of employees is very fair and considerate (maybe more so than many US companies) yet they are not immune to continuous changes in the industry, which leads to organizational enhancements from time to time (for the most part not reductions, yet changes in managers or teams). These will be easier to digest with a good network and a positive attitude in place.
Advice: - Continue to communicate the successful corporate strategy often
- Continue to focus on employees as "the most valuable asset"
- Continue to lead the industry with the most innovative solutions for business' around the world
Pros: Despite being the world’s industry leader for business software, SAP managed to keep a “small team” feeling - where colleagues work in a respectful and agile way. Key focus has been, and is, to deliver value for SAP’s customers (internal and external). From smaller enhancements to reimagining entirely new business processes, SAP brings some of the smartest people in the industry together to drive and solve tomorrow’s technology innovations. Knowing that a majority of the world’s economic activities are processed on SAP systems, and seamlessly connecting producers of goods with consumers, makes us proud. Knowing that many of our technologies and financial contributions are used to help and better the life’s of less fortunate world citizens, shows commitment to purpose and heart.

SAP’s management solicits and uses employee feedback in its daily business practices resulting in an environment of trust, respect, and genuine practice of “employees are the most valuable asset”. Being part of the SAP family means, one never runs out of options to further develop, learn, grow, and take advantage of opportunities. There are thousands of colleagues that are ready to support, be it for business mentorship, a personal challenge, or simply to have a friendly competition of encouraging fitness tracking as part of work-life balance and a healthy lifestyle.

SAP has generous benefits and pay – which is only one part of the equation. The boundless opportunities, with learning opportunities, advice and mentorship – as well as the ability to work with and learn from top international industry talent is a priceless experience not many companies can match. I can highly recommend SAP to anyone looking for a true opportunity that goes beyond of just being a job.

Cons: - Let me think hard
- There are always room for improvement.
Advice: None
Pros: - Most Ethical company to work for. 
- Organic work culture
- Employee friendly
- Middle management are developer, Technical experts people who have ground zero experience.  This helps.
- Upper management communicates well. 
- Strong product strategy
- Strong merger acquisitions plans
- Strong vision 
- Support for employees and flexibility, Company goes above and beyond to help employees and adjust the work depending on personal situations -- This is great
- Employees can move look for opportunities at multiple locations across the globe 
- There are many +
-

Cons: It is a huge organization (100k+ employees), thus do not expect to be involved in most decisions, it takes time to learn how to navigate the extensive pools of information/teams/systems, it is easy to feel like a fish in the ocean, being located in Germany HQ, or US HQ, definitely has more impact in your career, than being located in a regional office.
Advice: Decentralize decision making, more focus on regional hubs
Pros: Great benefits, Cares a lot for the Employees well being, more than enough training available, offices are awesome, work surrounded by very talented people

Cons: a complexed matrixed organization can sometimes be challenging to get things completed
Current shift to Germany cetric executive board is frustrating for those outside of Europe
Advice: Its been a year full of change in the organization outside of COVID-19.  People are getting frustrated and nervous.  Open lines of communication and valuing perspectives and insights from all levels and locations of the business are  imparative.
Pros: fellowships give employees opportunities for stretch assignments outside their core jobs
Size and scope of company allow for mobility and growth
Leadership is young and innovative

Cons: Like any large company, there's a potential for politics to come into play; and like any job, whether you love or hate it will be largely dependent on your boss, the leadership of your specific organization, and the culture they establish. 

Management opportunities can often be based on personal connections over merit. There seem to be lots of examples of people quickly jumping from the bottom of the company into very high level positions after working in "the office of the CEO" but how those opportunities are assigned is a mystery to most employees.

SAP also touts a focus on "diversity and inclusion" - while it does seem that we have at least some diversity in the lower ranks, diversity in leadership is severely lacking. There is a clear focus on promoting women into leadership positions (there is even a stated goal for that) but so far, that seems to be limited to caucasian women. Having been at SAP almost a decade, I can't think of a single upper management position held by a person of color.
Advice: Do more to make sure the culture and messaging coming down from the top is actually implemented throughout the company.  

Implement processes that ensure ALL qualified employees have a fair shot at leadership roles or high-visibility opportunities, and actively discourage the practice of preferential treatment based on personal connections.  

If SAP is going to continue boasting about its focus on diversity and inclusion, expand your definition of those terms past just gender - include people of varying ethnicities/colors, and set goals accordingly.  Otherwise, it feels very disingenuous.
Pros: As a whole, SAP is a great company to work for. It's successful and stable, the pay and benefits are competitive, and the corporate culture is extremely conducive to establishing a long-term career with the company. Generally speaking, once you're at SAP and have established yourself as a solid performer, the company makes it relatively easy to explore other roles in other areas of the company, and many people take advantage of this flexibility and enjoy long and happy tenures with the company. 

SAP is constantly changing, which can be frustrating for some, but it definitely helps keep things interesting and is a necessary part of adapting to the needs of the market. 

The fact that our CEO openly encouraged employees to submit Glassdoor reviews says a lot about him.

Cons: Work/life balance can be an issue (particularly in nations without protective worker laws), and ancillary benefits are not always consistent from region to region. Some of this is to be expected.

An unfortunate side effect of a large company, like SAP, is that that willfully ineffective people have an ability to hang around far longer than they should. They tend to hide in different departments or act as barriers to progress. Again, not a show stopper... but at times it can be an annoying impediment. 

Additionally, there is not enough visibility on the quality of individual (named) leaders. These individuals can either positively or (severely) negatively impact the quality, moral, and retention of great employees - thus, valuable talents depart (good leaders or good teammates under poor leaders) before it can be recognized. 

The one con that many of us have not yet learned to overcome is this: If you are NOT in proximity to the global headquarters, it is hard to get recognized and there is a bit of a glass ceiling on your upward mobility. There are fewer true growth opportunities. This means many people end up departing for other green fields in an effort to advance their careers and ambitions.

SAP would do well to independently review their people surveys and outcomes for hidden talent in other regions.
Advice: Pay more attention to other regions.  Do independent dives to identify talent, and to see who is performing strongly, and who is not.   Consider all factors, upstream and downstream.   

Continue to be people centric overall.  SAP is a great place to work and create, however, it needs to be fostered and not forgotten.
Pros: The benefits are competitive, compensation is pretty good, there are always challenges for those who seek them, there is growth opportunity, and there is always an ability to learn something. SAP takes care of their employees (generally speaking) with the understanding that we will pay it back in kind. I, and others, have been very fortunate to always have opportunities at our doorstep.

Technology and solution challenges are plenty, as there is always something to do.

Christian Klein is brilliant... One could argue he became sole CEO too early, but those arguments would be severely flawed. He has a solid field of recognition and a strong grasp on what people in the company are doing. He's a financials wizard, but he keeps his heart very close to the technology. He's an absolute rock star in the making.

Cons: A lot of optional benefits you can take advantage of at SAP, like tuition benefits, fellowships, etc., is all determined by your direct manager's approval. This is extremely disadvantageous to those of us at SAP with managers that don't believe in these opportunities and don't want to use any of their budget for these items. More importantly, your ability to move up in your career is determined by your direct manager, and this is an extreme disadvantage with some of the managers they've hired. Also, it is very difficult to get fired from SAP, which means that poor performers at both management-level and individual contributors get shuffled around to new groups rather than getting let go, which brings down all of SAP with their lower standards.
Advice: Keep being a leader among all other companies in your responses to the crises that affect your employees around the world. Keep doing the right thing when it comes to your employees.

Please remove some of the complete power over our careers and opportunities from our direct managers. There should be some checks and balances for direct managers on their approvals and rejections, promotions, etc. One bad apple manager can ruin the SAP experience for a whole team of employees.
Pros: So many pros -- the pay, benefits, vacation time, work/life balance, parental leave. Higher ups at SAP really do care about our wellbeing. SAP's response to the COVID-19 crisis was phenomenal and showed great leadership. They immediately closed all their offices and training centers and shut down all non-essential travel. They sent free masks to all their employees, and gave us all an extra day off to get out of our home offices. Although in some cases, SAP is known for older technologies and interfaces, that isn't often the case anymore, and you can join a group work on cutting edge technologies. SAP does a great job promoting internally and allowing employees to move around to different roles and positions while staying within the company. If I ever decide to change my role, I know that I want to stay with SAP.

Cons: Recent leadership changes bring about minor changes in direction and focus, but the vision will be clear and motivating
Advice: None
Pros: Not only does this customer fully live and breath for its customers, but it also takes care of its employees. SAP is huge, with 100,000+ employees around the globe, yet you feel "in the know" and well taken care of.  Top three things for me: strong commitment to its customers, give you all the tools, resources and training you need to do your job and great benefits. Truly a world-class company.

Cons: 1.Risky proposition for H1B holders and Green card aspirants- they will say they will process, but it will not go all the way to the end. Even SAP employees in senior roles with 10+ years in the company have had to exit USA due to visa issues.

2.Like in the case with many European companies, the important/exiting/value adding work is done in their European HQ (Germany for SAP). So, folks in USA, India etc are only given tasks that they don't really care about, as it is not important.

3.SAP has a large workforce, but leadership is lacking and is poorly managed as the ratio between leaders and 'worker-bees' is bad. For eg, if a Sr. person in leadership role is good, he/she will have 50 or more direct reports and responsibility to manage 2-3 acquired companies for that department. So, due to this overburden, he/she will not be able to perform upto his ability. In other words, 'good guys' cannot perform due to over-burden and 'bad guys' cannot perform, as don't have the skills and experience.
Advice: 1.Drive Accountability at an individual level - allocate areas of responsibility for each person and set quarterly goals. This is key to retaining good talent.
2.Don't let managers and above 'shut off their engines' and go into hibernation for months together!!
3.Too many 'spectator meetings'!! - completely irrelevant meetings where we need to listen in mute mode (like a spectator in a Tennis match) to the leader giving a speech. 
4. Meetings at SAP are like 'housewives chatting for time-pass' - with no objective before the meeting and no conclusion/follow-up after the meeting!! Moreover, due to lack of Accountability, it is very difficult to identify the right manager/director in the meeting to take things ahead.
5.Focus on retaining the existing good talent (by improving on the pain points) before hiring again. Good talent will not stick around in such an environment for sure.
Pros: 1. Very stable company financially - unlike most startups and smaller IT companies, SAP has been profitable for decades - this translates to 'no financial pinch' for employees.
2. Highly unlikely for SAP employees to be laid off or furloughed due to Covid-19 or any other crisis.
3. Highly unlikely to be fired for non-performance or poor performance. But like any major company, they will do a major reorg every 5 years and at that time, even good performers will loose their job.

Cons: While SAP as a company offers great benefits, the problem is within the Product Support division.  People who may apply for Support engineering role should look elsewhere due to the reasons below.

In Product Support there are two main tasks (i.e. could be inhumane too), that is so tough that it requires you or forces you to work nights and weekends.

I) First task: Man the Expert Chat Channel.  Why is this so tough? First there is not a lot of people who may help here (or it adds a lot more work to your daily requirements). If you somehow walk away to go to the bathroom or you are helping other customers online, there would be a flag or an alarm to management that there is nobody manning the chat (Or you are not manning the chat).  This makes employees start to feel anxious to the point that SAP Product Support becomes a very stressful environment (i.e. unhealthy). 

- If going to the bathroom gives an employee stress then this is simply a requirement that is inhumane (HR issue)
- This makes employees very stress to the point that they may quit the company (which happens a lot in SAP)
- Turn over is pretty big
- This task also adds to the overwhelming number of requirements that the support engineer needs to do daily
- This is also going to be recorded in a report that is available to management - how long did you logon to Chat?  They can use this number against you.

For example: If the support engineer needs to help 5 different customers daily with their issues technically that may last 1 to 2 hours each (in a web session call or deep dive session), this chat (i.e. you may get between 1 to 3+ per day) will add another 30 min to 2 hours each on top of the already scheduled 5 customers (10+ hours).  This will either push other important customers aside for the next day (lower customer satisfaction) or would make the support engineer work beyond normal working hours to fulfill the requirement.  SAP is wondering why they are not getting high scores in Customer Satisfaction, it could be that the process they placed could be stressing their employees to be the best they could be.

If you do this daily, you would have tired and highly stressed support engineers which will then be burned out. This may show up in our customer satisfaction results as your engineers are not fully rested and can only give 5 minutes to each new customers (i.e. ping pong effect).

 II) Second Task: You are also required to work nights and weekends (Saturday and Sunday).  This is one of the hardest one that is given to any support engineer.  Yes they may ask you to take some other days off or may even give you money but it also takes away the most important thing a person needs and that is time with family and time to recharge oneself.  We can argue that the chat + weekend support makes an engineers life hard.  Wait til you miss a call or work during the weekend, this is where you would feel what hell is like at work.

These 2 tasks from product support is one of the most challenging thing to swallow (your mindset needs to be a zombie).  If given the opportunity to work for another company or division in SAP that do not have these requirement, I would say sign me up immediately!

Last issue is as soon as you get to a particular level, there is no more growth.  You have maxed out.  Your contained within your level per budget limitation.  

If you can work in SAP in another division, that is good. Within Product Support, it is tough.
Advice: Proposal:

1) To help alleviate the work overtime due to the two issues:

a) For support have a specific role (or hire a role) that would be called: Emergency weekend and holiday technical response team.  They work Saturday to Wednesday or Wednesday to Sunday regularly (+ Holidays). That is part of the job requirement. So people looking to work on the weekends due to they have family obligations (like taking care of their kid on weekdays), can apply or open it up to Interns who have schooling on the weekdays.

b) For Expert Chat, have a role that only specializes in Expert Chat and SAP online community without the need to handle incident handling while people working on incident handling can free up the time to work on the real incidents instead of pushing other customer incidents aside.  This would help strengthen another lackluster part of SAP Product Support  that is highly missing as stated by our SAP mentors (i.e. missing online community). Even the past CEO Bill McDermott said he would do something about it however, it is still missing up to this point (Product Support still needs to improve here).

These 2 suggestions will help alleviate the stress attained by your support engineers.  Without some alleviation, the behaviors of your team will simply look to find a job elsewhere then you would lose your skill sets or trusted advisors for others to attain.

Without the 2 issues in Cons or if the proposal to management on how to alleviate and improve our chat/online channel is done, I would mark this review as 5 stars instead.
Pros: SAP in General is a good company with wonderful benefits. It gives the employees room to grow and gives them wonderful extra time to help your family cope with any troubles in life. SAP also tries to fulfill best in employment salary and bonus structures.

Cons: Trending in the right direction, and has made great strides in D&amp;I... but we need a more diverse board.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredibly competitive salary and benefits package.   You work alongside some of the best in the business day in and day out.   You'll work your tail off, but the company really does try and push work-life balance.  Great vacation time, work from home options, and commitment to time off is seen from the Executive Board on down.  Love being a part of this culture and company.

Cons: It is very hard to switch careers and move upwards in the company. The competition is fierce for new jobs.
Advice: It is frustrating to find out when you apply to a new job that the hiring manager already had a candidate in mind prior to the posting. I wish there was a way to tell this before taking time to update your resume and writing a cover letter for the position.
Pros: This is a really good company that understands how to offer employees a job while maintaining a really good work-life balance.

Cons: Compensations can be increased a little bit for the talents. Specially in NA region. Increment is limited and very minor difference of increment between the best talent and ordinary employee.
Advice: Review the compensation for the best talent. Though management is very supportive and provide all the support needed specially for the best talents but there is nothing much they can do in compensation because of limited budget.
Pros: Work life balance is very good. You have flexibility to choose when to work, when take leaves etc. You can choose what best work for you.

Cons: Because SAP values individuality and it's such a large company - it's tough to find set rules/process/procedure to abide by. Navigating the complexities can be quite bumpy.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: This company is honest, communicative, invests in its people, and puts their money where their mouth is. I have been a working professional for over a decade at various companies - large, small, start up, corporate. Never have I felt and observed such genuine respect for the working people. 

Just like many here, I don't see myself ever leaving.

Cons: This review has been removed from this site in order to comply with local content regulations.
Advice: This review has been removed from this site in order to comply with local content regulations.
Pros: This review has been removed from this site in order to comply with local content regulations.

Cons: There never seems to be an 'off' button, and it feels this way especially since COVID came around. I've never felt more stressed out to hit a number or micro-managed in my many, many years of sales. It's one thing to understand and adjust to what the business needs, but even when new objectives are communicated, there still seems to be a lack of alignment with our direct selling counterparts (a majority that I've met are outside hires that don't fully understand what Market Development's purpose within Concur is.)

After working with past Concur employees and hearing what it used to be like, I feared that MD still honed the fraternity/ good ole boys club atmosphere. While it certainly appears to have improved, that aura still lingers above us and it can be felt on a daily basis. Management does everything they can to support 'under'performers, however many peers aren't as generous. I've seen a couple people leave because of that lack of camaraderie or inclusion. This job isn't easy by any means but these conditions make it a lot harder, and I can understand why there appears to be a faster revolving door here compared to other SaaS inside sales orgs.
Advice: No surveys should ask for a name, ever. The world today is so different and the fear of providing honest feedback while having your name tied to it is very real. 

Onboarding was and still is incredible. I know a lot of work has been done for SWAT when starting, especially with the larger classes, to create equal opportunity when it comes time for the promotion to OB. Keep that up.
Pros: Entire organization is very interactive and (mostly) inclusive. I've never known a sales organization to have dedicated sales coaches and program managers specifically for market/sales/business development type roles, and that type of support goes a long ways. The highest achievers are team players and are always willing/able to share what's working well for them, both on a personal basis and on large group calls. Majority of management has done this role before, which you don't see too often. If they hadn't, they listen to their employees to understand exactly what we do, and go out of their way to constructively coach.

Being backed by the SAP name is very powerful, but Concur still has its own culture. That feeling of independence goes a long way.

Cons: If you are an U.S. employee and not a citizen, rely on visas to legally work, it's really difficult to grow here since lot of hiring managers do not want to deal with the administrative overhead of handling visas and the process, you will not be able to move within the company as freely as a citizen would. This limits your growth potential.

If you want to gain global exposure or want to move to different country to continue your growth to avoid the constant anxiety around U.S. visa process, you have to deal with the global mobility bureacracies, COVID has made the already difficult international transfers impossible, it requires board level approval to move between countries, SAP touts the run simple mantra, there's one for running simple. If nobody but board could take decisions on an international transfer, you can understand how bureacratic the processes are here.

Diversity - If you look up the L1, L2 and L3 leaders in SAP, you can figure out how much diversity is respected in senior leadership, it's only at individual contributor level and gender diversity at leadership level, you should start empowering people from different ethnic groups.
Advice: Simplify global mobility process, pandemic has proven that you can operate from anywhere in the world. For some trapped in the U.S. visa processes, it may be a huge relief to travel to another country like Canada, U.K or Singapore which offers similar standard of living without cliping your wings.

Focus on offering executive and senior leadership opportunities to people from different groups, especially in North America, regardless of the tenture, you hit a ceiling after you reach L4 leadership.

If S/4 HANA is the future, please make it apparent and cross-train people with other technology backgrounds in S/4 HANA, messaging is as clear as mud on the future direction for employees.
Pros: Great work life balance, everybody tries to make sure employees are happy though leaders are limited by the framework on what they can reward to employees.

 Leadership survey process makes sure employees are taken care of and their needs are fullfilled. 

Performance based stock awards, medical benefits, time away from work, paternity and maternity leaves (almost 12 weeks plus)

You are mostly rewarded based on performance and at times based on relationships

Cons: - Middle management is often seen in panic mode and is in-competent, lack simple decision making abilities. I have seen small decisions move around from Org's CTO team , to Product team, to Engineering team  and feels like people either lack in power to say yes/No or are simply incompetent to run business. And I work in a team which interacts with almost all business units, I have seen this problem all across SAP.
- SAP pays very very less compared to other companies in bay area. Salaries in SF region are comparatively higher, thats a known fact, but even compared to the competition and their partners in Palo Alto/ South Bay. SAP pays 30-40% lesser than Google, Facebook, Netflix, Apple, even lesser their immediate neighbors, VMWare.
- Another big cons, lot of promotions happen in the T4 level, while people in T2 and T3 are struggling to prove their worth to their managers. I have seen very worthy people denied of promotion, while their middle management takes credit the work climbing up the ladder very quickly.

For all these reasons , I have seen very smart people frustrated and looking out for opportunities outside every now and then.
Advice: This advice is for the middle management only, especially T4s and probably T5 L1s. 
- Value your team and strengths of people who are making you successful. 
- Lead them to success. Be a leader rather than a manager who is just worried about meeting project deadlines.
- Promote the people who deserve credits for their yearly hard work and let them take extra responsibilities and move further in their career. 
- Do not make fake promises on next year,  you will be risking to loose lot of good talent to your competitors.
Pros: - Company knows where its going. Yearly business goals are very clear and to the point. Main focus is on the integration between multiple business units and their products
- SAP Products are awesome and stand up to their vision to run the world better 
- Diverse culture, lot of wonderful people
- Opinions are valued and respected.

Cons: Right now, the SAP I love looks very different. From my perspective, global leadership's attitude has been essentially, "Shut up and do what I say." They don't understand or care about how our internal processes work. They've forced us to roll out solutions that aren't ready for customers, or solutions that customers don't even want. In order to meet their deadlines, we have to implement complex manual workarounds to get the job halfway finished. To be fair to current global leadership, SAP's processes were complicated before. Unfortunately, selling has always been the primary goal. We have a poor track record of actually delivering quality service. But the current pressures we're facing are making things worse. Add all of the COVID complications, and now you have a place that really isn't fun to work.

Though SAP's pledge of inclusion is admirable, it is not always practiced. Hiring practices can be elitist. To be frank, leadership is primarily white men and high caste Indian men. Our current Board is all white, mostly German, and only has one woman (there will be two when 2021 starts). Our first female Co-CEO—a loyal, beloved member of SAP—"parted ways" with the company less than a year after she was appointed. 

Overall, I am disappointed in the current state of the company. I think it has potential to be a great company, but not with the current people in charge. 

If you want to make the company a better place to work, then please join us. If you're just looking for a job, I recommend looking elsewhere.
Advice: Learn how the business actually works, acknowledge the broken processes, and empower employees to fix them. They know what's broken. They deal with it every day. Don't create new "better" processes. They only add more processes to our other processes. Make sure your employees aren't afraid to tell you the truth.

Get rid of commission-heavy sales compensation. Foster AEs who are committed to SAP rather than their personal bank accounts. Customer success will follow.

Practice true diversity. Consider gender, sexual orientation, race, military service, and socioeconomic background. 

Make us proud.
Pros: SAP North America's benefits are slightly above average for a company of its size. They have pretty standard dental, medical, vision, 401k, parental leave, and PTO. One perk is unlimited sick days. Their employee equity plan has relatively no strings attached. The one downside is that they partner with an obscure company out of the UK. Customer service is poor, and their investor portal has a lackluster UI.

The people are nice, and everyone is well-adjusted to remote work. They don't mind kids or dogs in the background of virtual meetings. A perk (at least for me) is that SAP does not require video during virtual meetings. There's sort of an unspoken rule not to use video. I personally enjoy it. I can dress comfortably, and I'm not distracted about how I look on camera.

North American leadership is very community minded. When tragedy strikes, they respond. They've created relief programs for natural disaster victims. After George Floyd was killed, they hosted multiple All Hands sessions and diversity education sessions. They testified in front of Congress. Even now that Black Lives Matter isn't making headlines, they continue to promote minority causes and small businesses. They are not afraid to "get political." One of SAP's core values is inclusion, and North American leadership works hard to foster that. SAP in principle is a progressive, equal opportunity employer. For example, they had training about non-binary individuals before it became "mainstream." They also have an Autism at Work program.

It's very possible that you'll work with people who are all over the world. It can be very rewarding (and something to brag about).

The North American offices are LEED certified, which means they pass stringent environmental standards.

Cons: - No cons really. SAP is not a household name like Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, or Google, but SAP is just as good or better to work for than these  companies
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: - Great work life balance
- A lot of learning opportunities and room to grow
- Amazing Company with great benefits (401k matching and SAP stock plan, vision, health, dental)
- Everyone in the company looks happy
- Large company focus on sustainability and giving back to the community
- Campus has subsidized meals, and a gym with instructors

Cons: The size of the company and fast-paced nature of our business are not always in synch - it can take a long time to get things done that could be completed more quickly.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the few technology companies that I have worked for with a truly global outlook. I think this benefits our customers, who are competing in a global economy, and it benefits our culture, with diverse perspectives. I also think the culture is more collegial than cut throat, which is unique in public companies.

Cons: Salaries are the worst for the kind of talent and expertise required. 
Managers lack people skills and it´s very noticeable. 
Very important issues inside the company, such as harassment, abuse of power are not address properly and its well known.
Advice: I like SAP, however SAP currently is not People is SALES.  Executive Board should go through a very deep introspection and review what it's really going on in Argentina. If you don't have a solid base, the pyramid becomes crumbles.
Pros: Home office, flexible time, skills development, learning opportunities

Cons: There has been multiple senior leadership changes over the past year, with people leaving and shifting positions. The changes have been unexpected and unsettling. The senior leadership is young, although appear highly motivated to listen and learn.
Advice: Settle on a consistent and effective strategy and see it through.
Pros: SAP is driven by purpose for their customers, employees and making the world a better place through sustainable business practices. They ask for feedback from the market and their employees on a consistent basis and then make changes accordingly to the best of their ability.

Cons: Support work life balance is nonexistent. Certain Support Managers can be rough to deal with. The nature of support is no matter how many hours you put in to fix an issue, there is always something on fire coming in the next day. And you will be the one to fix it. Getting chewed out for situations outside of your direct control will be a regular occurence, as with most jobs. But here it is on another level depending on your team/manager combo.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, Decent Pay, Connection Building

Cons: SAP is a large multinational organization and it makes some things more difficult in terms of quick decision making or acting nimbly. I feel we do compare well with similar sized companies, but compared to much smaller technology companies we do things more slowly with more bureaucracy.
Advice: Keep up the good work of keeping SAP a great place to work.
Pros: Very good compensation, benefits and work life balance. I am very happy working for SAP and feel very good about the values of the company.

Cons: Due to global collaboration, sometimes people need to sacrifice their own time to work with teams from different time zone.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great company to work for. Leaders and team members are so talented, patient, willing to share their knowledge, and help each other. 
Jobs and tasks are full of challenges and you can feel you grow really fast.
The whole system of the company is very strong and stable. The company supports and cares for their employees from every perspective of work and life.

Cons: Lack of diversity in leadership, can be a very high-stress environment
Advice: Diversify -  Less "good old boys club", more fresh perspectives! Create better territory to quota alignment. Don't just invest in and focus on  "early talent" or "new talent" look to help your current experienced (millennial) reps too!
Pros: SAP Reputation, great benefits, earning potential is almost unrivaled in the software world, flexibility, leadership opportunities, best of breed portfolio, amazing account team structure, excellent events &amp; focus on customer experience

Cons: none to report at this point.
Advice: None
Pros: By far the best onboarding experience I have ever had. Clear and effective development plans to help make you effective at your job quickly. The culture is very supportive and everyone is there to help you grow. The Technology teams are very responsive to customer needs and come through to help us deliver value.

From what I've seen(after 7 months) employees are able to pursue career goals and are able to move to other areas .

Cons: Very slow. A lot of creative people end up wasting their time. There are so many org changes that don't look like a well-thought long-term plan. Upper-level management decisions don't get explained and understood.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance at SAP is really good. The company cares employees well being really important. Vacation is not unlimited, but you can take extra days off or work remotely during a trip. For employees with health conditions, the company is very generous about employees taking sick days or sick leave.

Cons: Workload is unrealistic to manage leading to high stress and burnout. 
Its seems like this experience is disproportionate across teams. People tend to move into other roles after 2-3 years.
Advice: From the people perspective, I wouldn’t change anything from the current plan. From the product perspective, continue focusing on stability and use ability of our solutions.
Pros: Very conscious about work/life balance, flexible schedules
Many opportunities and resources to learn new things and move within the company
Robust benefit options
The company puts focus on gathering employee feedback and adjusting accordingly.

Cons: No clear roles and responsibilities. Everyone trying to do everyone else's job. Starts at board level - zero alignment. Result is no work life balance since everyone spending so much time communicating to figure out what's going on.
Advice: Board needs to immediately determine priorities, and high level process for orgs to work together and get things done. Stop piloting and just do it. Stop pretending we can do way more with way less while the plane is being overhauled mid-flight.
Pros: No layoffs planned
Collaborative culture
Job security

Cons: Not really a con, but SAP is massive so it will require you to be bold and network to achieve growth and develop your career.
Advice: None
Pros: Endless opportunities, thoughtful leadership, strong sense of culture and team, boundless product portfolio - SAP delivers on it all. From the outside looking in one may wonder how it's possible to feel seen or make an impact in such a large company, but it's possible as long as you're willing to put the effort in.

Cons: Unfortunately, it is a culture of constant hard work, always more added to your plate, lots of cutting corners by way of reducing resources and increasing individual workloads. Constantly changing priorities and limited resources make it challenging to feel like progress is being made. Tough to take real vacation time with these workloads.
Advice: Staff teams adequately instead of cutting corners and increasing workloads even if rewarded by increased salary.
Pros: Lots of room to grow, learn, and collaborate. Pretty decent benefits.

Cons: Large organization can lead to lesser agility sometimes. This has improved greatly over the years but with the growing breadth of the organization, it can lead to being blindsided sometimes.
Advice: Encourage 2nd level managers and group heads to meet with Individual contributors 1:1 (covering at least a sampling from all regions of North America)....I see that there's no interaction at all beyond the L1 manager and that could blindside the organization sometimes.
Pros: Excellent work environment, leadership shows empathy, outstanding rewards and appreciation

Cons: There are not a lot of cons that I have come across yet. I would say for my position a lot of the problems you solve are the same 5-10 problems about 90% of the time.
Advice: None
Pros: 4 weeks off starting out, 15 days vacation + 5 Personal days. Managers care about Employee advancement and will assist you in developing your career. Almost every position can be done work from home and they supply their employees with all the equipment to do so.

Cons: I have not experienced any,
Advice: Keep up the great work, you're doing an OUTSTANDING job!!
Pros: Even during these difficult times, SAP has stayed committed to the promises that it made to it's employees before the pandemic started. A lot of other companies would have altered those promises based on the current state of the country and economy, but SAP has stayed true and then some! I love my job and I love SAP!!

Cons: The only con is that it is so big, it can be confusing knowing who needs to be part of a collaboration to avoid duplicate work.
Advice: Provide solid pillars through the company that people can relate their position to so that it's easier to determine who needs to be part of certain discussions/collaboration efforts - to avoid duplicate work efforts, etc.
Pros: Career growth, Diversity, Sustainability, Innovation and so much more.

Cons: Since SAP has acquired concur, i felt the culture had changed and not for the best.
Advice: None
Pros: I've worked in their offices in london, seattle and paris. Since i've left, a big part of the projects have been moved to seattle. My team got fired overnight basically. Though i had a great time working for this company and met very interesting people. The seattle office is awesome. The projects are very interesting and many opportunities to switch team to learn something new

Cons: I was an extremely successful executive which was let go for  discriminatory basis and then not paid wages,commission and bonus earned for retaliatory  reasons that continue to happen. Management and its leaders are accomplices to this perpetual hostile and abusive environment that is also rewarded.
Advice: Lead by example and lead without prejudice and by true company people policy. Be fair across the board  when dealing with people no matter what the situation at hand maybe. Practice in what you preach in being a company for all people globally.
Pros: Excellent products and solutions. Fair compensation and benefits.

Cons: on my team it's looking like upward mobility is not easy to come by and something to consider when accepting a position in any team within SAP Concur.
Advice: keep being awesome and making your employees feel valued and appreciated... kept me here 6 years and will keep me here 6 more.
Pros: the people i work with are so awesome i find that i don't want to leave my department. the pay is good and benefits are good.

Cons: There are not Cons, but if I need to say something could be that some times we have conference calls late in order to catch people in the other side of the world.  but this is not very often.
Advice: They are doing great job, keeping us informed and motivated.
Pros: In addition to good salaries and benefits, the environment is great. Everybody has the same chip of enthusiasm and positivism and make our work much more pleasant.

Cons: -Difficult to navigate such  a large company with tools and procedures
-Processes are slow
-Job  depends a lot on direct manager
Advice: Ensuring that managers are properly set up and educated  for employee success would be helpful for all managers
Pros: -Awesome work life balance
-Internal opportunities
-Ability to make the most of work with various programs
-Can find interesting work if searching
-Awesome and balanced culture for a large company
-Coaching and mentoring opportunities

Cons: I don't have any cons at this time.
Advice: Upper management should be more aware of what is happening with lower management as I think there are some situations that fall through the cracks that shouldn't.
Pros: Foster an environment for learning and growth.
Really emphasize and provide tools for work/life balance.
Truly make the employees feel valued.
Constantly finding ways to innovate and make things better/more efficient for clients.
Always finding ways to give back and support the community.
Great benefits.

Cons: Raleigh's satellite office got a little less love than expected. SAP began to loom over larger deals. Quadrant was something that was annoyingly lingering every day of your life (performance metrics).
Advice: Keep pushing for Raleigh recognition. Maintain Qualtrics culture if possible. Or spin SAP culture into Qualtrics without losing Q entirely.
Pros: Qualtrics was an incredible offering at the top of their class. Leadership was good, and it was clear they hired the high level talent.

Cons: - Being a big, established company, making change within the org takes a lot of time 
- As with any big corporation, office politics do come into play
Advice: None
Pros: - Opportunities for growth and development
- Lots of long-term employees
- Being a huge company, there are tons of different opportunities to try new things and move within the organization
- At least in my department, you maintain a good sense of autonomy and flexibility in crafting your day-to-day

Cons: It's not that diverse considering the amount of initiatives I see roll out
Advice: Appreciate various personalities and skills rather than continue to promote unbearable coworkers simply because they have unique technical skills
Pros: Really great culture and supportive coworkers and leadership; tons of programs, guest speakers, courses, etc for learning and growth; nice offices and free lunches; good pay if you have little experience; opportunities to travel the work; nice benefits; initiatives for diversity and inclusion

Cons: I really can't think of anything major that would be beyond nitpicking .
Advice: Continue providing the open dialogue with your employees!
Pros: Truly Employee Centric.  At SAP you truly feel the company cares for its employees and provides opportunities at all times to foster personal and professional growth. In addition,  my LOB excels in providing a truly collaborative environment.  If you ever need a helping hand ,  dozens reach your way.

Cons: Working across international time zones can slow down engineering velocity.  Simply is a time zone problem, thankful we don't _have_ to be up middle of the night working with overseas co-workers except in crisis troubleshooting.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance is the best in the industry.  Having worked at all manner of FAANG, very happy with the refreshing ability to disconnect mentally and recharge during ample vacation time off.

Cons: As with any large organization, some of our processes have many steps.  It can take longer to make changes at a large company like this vs. a smaller one.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are smart, collaborative, helpful, and professional.   I'm impressed by people here every day. And SAP prioritizes things that I think are important such as Diversity &amp; Inclusion,  Sustainability, and putting our Customers first.

Cons: It is much harder to get converted to a full employee at SAP than any of the other places I've worked for especially during this pandemic. Though there are early talent programs they are not hiring as much right now. It is a disservice to the recent graduates as they have no way to enter the company full time.
Advice: Invest more in your employees at every level.
Pros: A lot of great people at SAP

Cons: Some recent tier-2 leaders have been overly narcissistic - behaving in ways that serve their own careers and focused on their own brand image rather than on being true business leaders.
Advice: Pay attention to the leaders who care more about what they look like to the outside world than how they treat the business and their employees.
Pros: The company has a big heart, never stands still and remains hungry and humble.

Cons: Despite corporate values of diversity/inclusion, there are definitely entrenched pockets of pro-male bias.
Advice: Jettison the old school thinking (women are somehow less than) that permeates numerous teams
Pros: Excellent salary, bonus, benefits if you negotiate up front. Much more people-centered than any US-based company in terms of far fewer layoffs, and a genuine aspiration for social justice.  Depending on your team, plenty of opportunities for creativity. Large size increases career options.

Cons: Work is demanding, but expected from a large company with excellent compensation.
When there is a reorganization, the downstream effects can hang people out to dry on a project with little experience.
Advice: Over recent months, management has been more engaged in making life easier for employees.  Don't lose that vision in the midst of the storm that we are facing.
Pros: Relaxed/Casual Work Environment
Both Proactive and Reactive to Employer Issues
Benefits are Outstanding
Transparency

Cons: Pay may not be as competitive as similar roles at other organizations, but the culture, flexibility and work/life balance far out ways that for me.
Advice: None
Pros: - Supportive Leadership
- Work/Life Balance
- Family Culture

 The SC role is anything but mundane.  You get to work and partner with colleagues all across the business at Concur.  You are seen as a partner with your Sales Reps instead of just a support system.

Cons: Old processes, Horrible upper management, 401K matching
Advice: Stop rearranging the deck chairs; we all stay in the same job - just get moved to a different location on the big ship. Processes are old; people are slow to embrace change. Match the 401K right off the bat - and not in increments of 1/3.
Pros: WLB, large company with reputation, and direct managers and coworkers

Cons: It can be tough to see how my job contributes to the overall vision at SAP given the size of the organization. I get fatigued by how many new strategies we have to learn about, the number of reorgs, etc.
Advice: None
Pros: In general, I feel that management is open to feedback and they care about their employees. Especially during the pandemic, management is very understanding to flexible work schedules, encouraging use of vacation time, etc.

Cons: The only con is the remote work often associated with covering a sales territory away from an SAP office.
Advice: None
Pros: The best reasons to work at SAP are the flexibility and trust given by leadership to achieve your goals in addition to the compensation and benefits. There is no babysitting here. There are clear goals provided to you and an abundance of resources to help you achieve and exceed them.

Cons: Pay may not be as competitive as similar roles at other organizations, but the culture, flexibility and work/life balance far out ways that for me.
Advice: None
Pros: - Supportive Leadership
- Work/Life Balance
- Family Culture

 The SC role is anything but mundane.  You get to work and partner with colleagues all across the business at Concur.  You are seen as a partner with your Sales Reps instead of just a support system.

Cons: Managers do not fight for their employees  , no long term vision , managers are only focused on CQ and CQ+1.
Advice: Sales people work hard . It’s only fair they get compensated for their efforts . Not compensating In the name of compliance each time isn’t fair .
Pros: Good salary, good perks and great benefits .

Cons: You may feel the pace of change is slow - given the conservative nature of the culture. But be sure - every step is deliberate and measured. Solid company with solid leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Always innovative, always in the thick of action, Always an opportunity to do something new and different. You can make your career here - irrespective of which function you are in - sales, product, marketing, finance

Cons: overlapping groups doing the same thing, not fully transitioned to a cloud company yet, Lots of collaboration needed to get things done.
Advice: get to cloud thinking to match customer requirements faster.  Look at overlaps in groups and consolidate.  have the Executive Board report to the CEO to reduce silos.
Pros: SAP cares about people. Products are enterprise ready. Cares about making customers successful

Cons: - Sometimes work can be hectic so can be difficult to manage work life balance
- Salaries can be better for the skills and experience
- You can sometimes feel lost in big teams
Advice: None
Pros: - Great team that focuses on building bridges and not silos.
- Good opportunities to grow provided you have it in you.
- Transparency with respect to growth and strategy.
- Great support from higher management
- Great benefits

Cons: Concur cares about you. They think. As long as you are exactly the same as everyone else at Concur. As long as you don't complain about anything that happens to you at Concur. As long as you keep your head down. As long as you don't ask for any assistance from outside your team. As long as you don't complain when your assignments are literally impossible without assistance that you can't get. (As long as you can prove that you were working very hard and producing a product, it doesn't matter that it does not and cannot work.)

Concur seems to have a management training program which turns out people who exult in trying to make every employee like every other employee. Two employees have different strengths? NOT ON MY WATCH. We will not assign people to tasks that they excel at. And if we accidentally do, then we will make sure that, if your task is not high status, you will not get any promotions or significant pay increases, no matter how important that job is.

Nothing gets done at Concur unless you know someone. Filing a ticket because you need a static IP address at your desk, so you can do tests? It won't be denied, it will simply languish for six months, until you contact this guy you know who tells you who would know who to talk to, and three hours later you've tracked down someone to take care of your problem, and an hour after that it's done. Woe betide the remote employee who doesn't start out with an automatic support network of the people in the offices near him.

HR/benefits is never your friend. Example: you read the rules of how the 401k matching works (updated for this year!) on the company's benefits web site, and schedule your 401k contributions accordingly. Except the matches don't come in properly. So you file an HR ticket, which gets ignored. So you go and find the appropriate person via networking (see above) and say 'look this isn't working how your document says it should'. And they say 'wait where did you get that document' and you say '...the benefits web site?' And two hours later they write you an email saying 'thank you for pointing out that document, it was wrong and we have removed it and the right document is elsewhere and it says that you're going to lose out on several thousand dollars this year and that is not our problem.' And if you want your money, that you were entitled to according to their own document, you will have to sue them, because not giving you the money you were entitled to is a hill that they will die on.

HR/benefits makes a LOT of mistakes. For example, issuing incorrect W2s, and then having to correct them, and issuing incorrect CORRECTIONS, and having to correct THOSE. And then next year issuing incorrect W2s AGAIN.

Like 'accidentally' taking double the legal amount for HSAs out of your paycheck, and then telling you that they couldn't correct it themselves, and that you would have to do so (even though the HSA contractor they use says that it's their responsibility to correct it). And then in order to correct it making you sign a document that says 'the undersigned has been advised to discuss this with a CPA or a tax law expert' and then refusing to pay for you to discuss this with a CPA or a tax law expert. Even though they are the ones who created the problem in the first place.

Like giving people the wrong cell phone reimbursement policy, and then after they've put in their expenses for the first two months, telling them that that was not the right policy and that it was their responsibility to know what the right policy was.

Like their parent company (SAP) having an on-call-time pay policy, and Concur accidentally allowing on-call-time reimbursement for one person, but when the other people who are on call and want to be paid for it too ask for it, Concur discovering their 'error' and lecturing them on how all developers should be DevOps and should expect to be on call 24/7 as part of their job description. This despite mediocre pay and benefits, no stock options, and crappy bonuses. "Look, if you have to work from 5 AM until 7 PM on January 1st, hung over, and you miss a party you were looking forward to for weeks, that is not our problem. Maybe you can ask your manager for a day off. But not two days off. That would be crazy."

The most astonishing thing about working at Concur is that there are still some good people there. I can't imagine how, though.
Advice: Quit.
Pros: I honestly can't think of any. All of the ones I can think of would be disguised insults.

Cons: While company encourages time off and a healthy life/work balance, there is always more than enough work so it is easy to work too much
Advice: Continue great efforts to date measuring and improving trust in leadership and leadership transparency
Pros: Opportunity to fail (e.g. employees in my experience are encouraged to stretch their limits and not punished should they fail attempting to do so)

Cons: Still some SILO's so who you work for matters, work life balance can be challenging
Advice: Take more time to get the career pathing working well, I watched some very great people get passed over or not utilized well
Pros: Worked at SAP for many years. Its a great place to land, free lunch everyday, great benefits and a lot of very smart people to learn from .

Cons: have bigger office space in some locations
Advice: keep it going, you are awesome!
Pros: True care for employees, especially during disruption and crisis times, such as COVID19.  Real time, most transparent communication, empathy and very inspiring leadership that fosters community support and puts individuals first. Respect for customers and focus on customer's needs rather than sales targets.

Cons: With a large company, there are some duplication of efforts and this is a result of numerous acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for close to 15 years and each area that I have work in, I encounter some of the best, knowledgeable and collaborative colleagues.  
Industry leading medical, dental and vision benefits. 
SAP is involved in the community, sustainability and provides world class internships.
Global job opportunities.

Cons: You probably won't have a lot to whine about around the water cooler ;-)

Big companies grow more slowly - not going to leapfrog  up the corporate ladder like you can in a startup.
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive policies, supportive management, collaborative environment. Competitive compensation and benefits. Strong work/life balance. Opportunities to grow. Even in the midst of the pandemic - they remain a strong and ethical company.

Cons: It's a big company and as such, changes or updates to existing practices is a bit harder to get going than, say, a startup.
Advice: None
Pros: The team feels more like a group of people who like each other that happen to also work together. There is support and encouragement to learn new skills while on the job, to further the project but also oneself.

Cons: Typical big company policies and procedures to follow
Advice: Keep focused on culture where employees feel valued and supported and where we can do our best work on behalf of our customers.
Pros: Accounts executives are set-up for success with a ton of resources to help you be successful
Very innovative software solutions for companies of all sizes
Very people oriented and customer oriented culture

Cons: I'd like to see more collaboration across LoB and Platforms
Advice: I'd like to see more collaboration across LoB and Platforms. I'd like to learn more about SCM/DSC as it will help me improve in my current role.  I like the idea of the fellowship, but that model doesn't work for everyone.
Pros: Great people, lots of options to try different roles, strong employer, exciting technology

Cons: Work life balance is good, but each employee needs to help ensure that they take some down time which is not all bad.
Advice: SAP Exec team - keep up the great work and support for your employees!  #SAPProud
Pros: SAP has the executive vision to contribute to helping the world run better while leveraging key SAP enablers from our technology

Cons: Being a contractor doesn't allow all of the same employee perks
It can take a while (years) to become internal from a contractor role
lack of communication between teams, orgs, etc
Advice: maybe having a better path for contracts looking to become internal. You lose some very good talent from people not willing to wait YEARS.
Pros: Excellent career planning
Access to personal and professional training sessions
Great company culture!
Flexibility

Cons: - this company runs in German nepotism by its dear leader hasso. 

If you are okay with executives running business units that they are completely unfit for, you belong here. 

It’s the lowest paying company in the Bay Area - but the work is painfully easy that you can coast to retirement here.

My total compensation is double what it was at SAP after leaving,
Advice: Mannheim business school and hasso plattner institute are not the only places top level executives are built.
Pros: Free lunch. That’s pretty much it

Cons: It can be hard to turn such a large ship, but you are still able to make an impact at your role level
Advice: I really appreciate the transparency and humanity SAP and SAP Concur have demonstrated, especially amidst the chaos of 2020.
Pros: Very positive and supportive culture; Global resources; You are not a number - still feels very close-knit and friendly

Cons: use case, approval and development just take too long, lots of discussion, analysis paralysis...takes literary years to develop anything new; career opportunities depend on what part of org you are in, if in NA pretty good and diverse, if part of global with management in Walldorf almost non-existent..white males dominate
Advice: None
Pros: overall nice work environment, great benefits, work-live balance, nice people

Cons: There are no cons. It is the best place to work!
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: The pros of this company has a list that is too long. SAP rates above all in Diversity, Loyalty, Creativity, Flexibility, and opportunities. SAP is a leader in every aspect, for their customers, employees, and the world around them.

Cons: Some processes are still a bit complex, but the company is continuously working on simplification.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice colleagues. I am working for over 15 years at SAP and there was no single day in my time there that I did not like to come to work. The company also takes care of its employees. Nice place to work

Cons: From my perspective, there are none!
Advice: NA
Pros: Talent and Hard work is definitely recognized!
I am fortunate to have a fantastic Manager, who has the best interests of her team!
Abundant learning opportunities. The sky is truly the limit..! 
During these difficult Covid times, I've understood what a caring organization I'm part of!!

Cons: It is difficult to find a reason of not working here. If you do not like to work, learn, and grow then do not join us.
Advice: None
Pros: Always learning and evolving for keeping the pace of changing times is accomplished thanks to the teamwork of all my colleagues, indeed every day I have witnessed that SAP stands for Super Awesome People

Cons: We can be a bit disjointed at times but the talent overcomes it every time.....
Advice: Retail.....Retail, we seem to have lost a step since we moved Retail out to the MU's.
Pros: It's always good to get individual acknowledgement but even better to be a part of a great Team......It's a please to be here and can't wait for what's next!!

Cons: Wheels have fallen off in the last 6-8 months; RIFs, top execs/CEO departed, 2 co-CEOs who may be in over their heads, mktg budgets slashed 50%; treating employees like cogs; not the same company I joined 10 years ago
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with, some solid products, good benefits

Cons: You work hard - but you get pay and benefits for it
Advice: More flexible commuting options and in office requirements as commute is worst part of the day
Pros: For the first time in a while I did not feel I had to hide my age - my team has a great variance of age and experience

Cons: No measurable outcomes, no passion/drive, no motivation for high performers
Advice: Weed out your low performing managers as they are spoiling it for high performers. However this advice is so obvious that I have to believe that management has no way of knowing who the mediocre managers are. HR is useless.
Pros: Stable, easy culture, work/life balance

Cons: Balancing the pace of work while handling the required internal tasks.
Advice: Continue engaging our employees in developing our innovation strategy that will result in SAP being the top cloud solution provider with the highest customer satisfaction.
Pros: SAP has great people, great strategy, and great leadership focused on our customers success and making our communities better.

Cons: Compensation could be a little better
Advice: None
Pros: This company is truly one of a kind in how they treat their employees. Great work/life balance. They support us employees during the toughest times and motivate us everyday! Lets just say the job never gets boring. There are tons of opportunities in this company.

Cons: Politics. You need to brag about your accomplishments. And watch your back. Constantly show your value or lose your job.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of resources to learn new skills. Lots of teams within to move to. The company is one of the top software companies so you are part of shaping future trends.

Cons: Just a big company with lots of red tape and can be tough to navigate.
Advice: Keep  working on listening to the employees and continue to invest in us.
Pros: Name recognition, strong investments in product and improving customer experience. Strong focus on employees well being and lots of opportunity to make good money low floor and high ceiling

Cons: Slow to change, lost its way in the last years, can feel transactional in the Bay Area.
Advice: Keep teams intact or move individuals into new teams. Having one-two members teams helps no one.
Pros: Great values, lot of room to grow, genuinely nice people, pride in its (German) engineering, open to change, lot of great work ahead.

Cons: There are no cons at this time , I am very proud to work for SAP Concur.
Advice: Continue supporting the team and the culture!
Pros: I am proud to work at SAP Concur! The company is a wonderful place to grow and develop yourself.  I am passionate about what I do, feel supported, and am thankful for our culture.

Cons: - Reorganizations (how organization is structured) occur regularly; rarely involve attrition though
- Diversified portfolio due to acquisitions means that there is always ongoing movement towards mother ship
Advice: None
Pros: - Managers that care about their staff!
- Work that is meaningful; gets you out of bed with a purpose
- Always learning new things
- Very good compensation

Cons: None, I left SAP and came back as soon as I could. This is the best place to work especially if you are a working parent and they have wonderful benefits
Advice: Stay the course, these are uncertain times and keep up the great work
Pros: Family-like working environment, flexibility, incredibly talented and inspiring colleagues

Cons: You are just a number in the organization. Must conform to the SAP business model which is not agile nor cloud based. All that matters is unrealistic metrics— no excuses, no exceptions.
Advice: Don’t act like you care why employees are leaving with the joke of an exit interview— a service that has been outsourced by SAP to a company that hangs up on you and fails to meet scheduled meetings.
Pros: The people. There are some great people still left.

Cons: Few and far between! I would highly recommend a role at SAP Concur.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. The culture you have created is world-class.
Pros: Opportunity to grow, great leadership and mentorship. Pay/benefits are very competitive, upward of $250k at the Director level. I haven’t seen many other companies in the Midwest in this range.

Cons: I do not have any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership that truly cares about employees, opportunities to work with newer technologies/frameworks, great employee culture even while working from home. People are happy to work here and it reflects on their work. The company also makes an effort to create an inclusive and diverse workplace. Very happy here!

Cons: I'm trying to think of one but I can't. I really, really like it here.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership is outstanding
Work assignments are interesting and challenging
Growth is encouraged and supported
Work/Life balance is the best I have ever experienced at any company
Philanthropic 
Lots of team building opportunities within my org
I feel like the executives really listen and care

Cons: Constant change but that's a function of the software industry . If you are change adverse, find another industry to work in that moves slower.
Advice: Be transparent, and make sure to explain why changes are being made. When we understand the why, we will buy in.
Pros: Great people, benefits, and work-life balance.

Cons: Processes can sometimes be complex and cause us to slow down or take longer to complete because of it.
Advice: None
Pros: People, People, People.
Strong suite of products that are best in class for both SMB and Enterprise companies . Focused on the customer experience. Ability to engage with individuals throughout all levels of the business.

Cons: Hard to execute - most of the decisions come from Germany. Most people changes have to be approved by the works council.
Advice: As a global company who wants to inspire thought leadership you make things too complex and hard to execute and make impact. You are losing great talent.
Pros: Innovative ideas. Lots of strategic thinking.

Cons: Consistently escalating KPIs, no one place to find all the answers, inconsistent answers for clients
Advice: Promote natural leaders to management, not just the person who hits their numbers. Performance doesn't mean you will be a good manager
Pros: Ever changing sales culture, dynamic, competitive yet team/ family oriented, promotions are abundant

Cons: I seriously can't think of any right now
Advice: Keep up the amazing work
Pros: SAP is an amazing company to work for. It provides a diverse and inclusive environment. Leadership lead by example. I learn something new every day and I feel valued and trusted and my hard work is always celebrated and acknowledged.

Cons: SAP is not necessary a company where you will find the latest and greatest technologies (you will find the right technologies for our customer)
Advice: None
Pros: I cannot imagine how a company, any company could be more employee-friendly while still meeting its financial, customer, investors' obligation. Compensation, fairness, diversity, inclusion, career, you name it!

Cons: Lots of duplicate groups, Work life balance can be difficult
Advice: Get rid of duplicate activities in different groups.  There's no point in different groups creating content and going to market for the same basic service.
Pros: Pay, Benefits, Look out for their employees, New leadership seems to better care about technology and delivery

Cons: too many sudden re-org and changes. Re-orgs are not communicated efficiently
Advice: Please communicate more about the changes to employees. Every qtr we are just waiting and thinking what new change might be announced and how it will affect us.
Pros: great work life balance.  you can plan your whole career in SAP

Cons: Driving change in your own Line of Business can be tough in re the mothership
Advice: Focus on customer experience
Pros: Good programs for internal mobility and skills development; managers walk the talk in their behavior; proactive approach to pandemic; big market share in many industries; profitable with strong balance sheet

Cons: SAP is a German company and therefore large changes take longer compared to a US-based company of similar size.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: SAP has a great work culture and an inclusive environment. Leaders are accessible to employees. There are multiple programs in place to foster innovation. Benefits are great.

Cons: A large organization can leave you feeling like you are far from the action, or question your level of impact.
Advice: Simplify the complexity of the organizational makeup. Keep investing in innovation and keep the transparent culture.
Pros: Internal movement is encouraged throughout the organization. Provides a lot of opportunity for growth.

Cons: - internal confusion. on who does what
- some portions of the portfolio has not kept up to industry standards; resulting in competition gaining an removing market share
Advice: None
Pros: - great company to wok if you have drive, discipline, work ethic and able to get your way around.
- great customers
- ever growing portfolio of solution

Cons: Massive bureaucracy makes it hard to get things done at times. Sometimes people will dodge their responsibilities claiming not their job. Issues associated with any company this size. Although it does seem the "rules" sometimes get in the way of doing the right thing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great products. Culture is very positive.

Cons: some challenges in being a large global organization over 100,000 people
Advice: keep driving focus on customer success as it does lead to all successful outcomes
Pros: commitment to the individual, freedom to bring your own self to work, passionate about helping customers succeed, focus on diversity &amp; inclusion is real

Cons: None really. Blessed to work at this company
Advice: Keep listening to your employees and customers and continue to innovate!
Pros: I feel empowered and have the autonomy to support my customers with no micromanaging. In the midst of COVID I can't imagine a more supportive company with flexibility to manage work/life balance.

Cons: without any cons highly recommended
Advice: continue to provide opportunities to train, learn, and grow toward career advancement
Pros: SAP treats persons as valuable, great collaboration work environment, excellent vacation and person time off thus excellent home/family and work balance, type of work is challenging and satisfying, compensation is excellent too

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy in processes and procedures
Gotta be a fan of change cause there is a plenty of it in the company
Advice: Tone down the change and let's move forward.
Pros: Lots of options to choose from in terms of positions/ 
    career paths
Interested in personnel.
Great benefits

Cons: There is no place better to go to work, it's the best and can't be beat.
Advice: communication is the key to all companies success.
Pros: SAP has great diversity, flexibility and complete professionalism. Always room for advancement and change, They simply care about the employees and the customers before the bottom line.

Cons: There is no place better to go to work, it's the best and can't be beat.
Advice: communication is the key to all companies success.
Pros: SAP has great diversity, flexibility and complete professionalism. Always room for advancement and change, They simply care about the employees and the customers before the bottom line.

Cons: Frequent organizational changes can create confusion
Advice: Continue with fostering a supportive culture for employees. Stay committed to a unifying strategy and avoid frequent changes with teams and leaders.
Pros: Friendly and collaborative colleagues, Flexible work environment, Interesting work that is never boring

Cons: Despite efforts to work towards becoming a nimble, agile, cloud company, SAP has same fairly rigid procedures and a confusing technology landscape.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP really cares about their employees.   The benefits are fantastic and they have all kinds of opportunities for employees to up-skill, get involved, grow as human beings, etc.

Cons: You can't roll any vacation time over to the next year.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: I was skeptical at first when SAP bought our company but I couldn't be happier. The atmosphere is great and the people are fantastic! Management always shows that they care for the employees.

Cons: Sometimes takes too long to get decisions, can be overly siloed
Advice: Keep it up.  Focus on being agile and responsive, avoid getting stuck in ruts
Pros: Focus on work-life balance, Interesting work, Great people, Actively try to be nimble which is tough for a large company

Cons: Work life balance is a double edged sword. You can work from anywhere, but you tend to work from everywhere.
Advice: Keep being awesome.
Pros: Leading the industry forward both in business process design, and computer software. You're able to change not only SAP but the industry and ultimately the world.

Cons: In long term projects team members who get trained in latest technology unable to practice or use
Advice: Every consultant should be given an opportunity to  train to be a world class consultant
Pros: Best consultants and architects who know what they are doing which was easy to manage

Cons: HR is a complex organization and things take time to resolve
Advice: Continue the #unfiltered survey, and continue to engage employees internally to develop internal end user happiness and work-life balance.
Pros: SAP Concur values it's employees and continues to promote a healthy work life balance. Onboarding was fantastic!

Cons: some co-workers have very old fashioned ideas, too much process and documentation, too much time spent on PPTs v/s actual work.
Advice: Tap into experts, get lean, too many teams doing the same thing, get rid of unnecessary process.
Pros: Good Work Life Balance, Management has a Modern outlook, trying to encourage women

Cons: Demanding work environment and high expectations. So it requires the right attitude and drive.
Advice: None
Pros: The best thing about SAP is its people. They care about each other and go out of their way to help each other. Leaders have an open door policy and are easy to work with.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, need to build and leverage your network to get the most accomplished
Advice: Keep moving on diversity and inclusion efforts
Pros: Global community, enormous diversity of skills and experiences you can contribute, changing nature of what our core businesses have become over time

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, need to build and leverage your network to get the most accomplished
Advice: Keep moving on diversity and inclusion efforts
Pros: Global community, enormous diversity of skills and experiences you can contribute, changing nature of what our core businesses have become over time

Cons: SAP  need to provide more competitive Salary and Benefits 
Learning new skill set needs to be promoted as still few of the areas are working as old traditional ways
There is always a upper hand for EMEA region which sometimes is counter productive
Advice: None
Pros: Working atmosphere
Employee Friendly 
Great Culture

Cons: The past few months there has been a lot of change in leadership.
Advice: Let’s walk the talk and be focus on execution.
Pros: I have met leaders who really cares about you as a person, acknowledge you and work on a plan to make sure your voice is heard.

Cons: Large company and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing! CK is doing a great job at implementing change. I am really excited for the future of SAP!
Pros: Compensation, employee well-being, benefits, leadership, care for employees, company taking action during pandemic and social injustice.

Cons: Finding the right balance in development to not overengineer, deliver fast and keep quality high.
Advice: I support the current course - so stay on it.
Pros: Experiences made working at SAP. My best experience has always been in projects helping to resolve problems for our customers.

Cons: Not really a true Con,...but learning and understanding roles, partnerships, who does what can be overwhelming at first.
Advice: Having a better flow chart of systems. How they are each used and who plays what part within deal cycles.
Pros: Work/Life Balance, Employee Well-Bring focus, Pay,

Cons: Too many reorganizations that can fatigue employees
Advice: Keep caring for your employees and environment like you already do. Reorganizations can be fewer and farther apart
Pros: Great work -life balance; Ample opportunities outside of day-day work, extremely employee friendly company,company policies care about environment/sustainability

Cons: Large company and can be difficult to navigate
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing! CK is doing a great job at implementing change. I am really excited for the future of SAP!
Pros: Compensation, employee well-being, benefits, leadership, care for employees, company taking action during pandemic and social injustice.

Cons: Salary isn't always the most competitive, but work life balance is good and more important in the long term
Advice: Keep the change and modernization process going.
Pros: Multinational company with many interesting roles across the globe. They look after the employees well

Cons: Trying to get free of legacy platforms makes some stuff move slower than it should.
Advice: Leadership is solid, flexible, decisive and responsive to change keep up the good work.
Pros: Security, stability, career development, interesting products, lots of opportunity to make a difference.

Cons: With such a large company, and a large remote workforce, it can be hard to see where you fit in overall.
Advice: None
Pros: I have had several managers over the years. All of them have been very supportive of me as a person and my career.

Cons: Like most big tech companies, face external challenges that prompt continuous reinvention and competitiveness.
Advice: Continue fostering innovation, resilience, and diversity. Not many companies really seem to care the way SAP has demonstrated
Pros: Empowers workforce, invests in development of its people, socially responsible, diverse and inclusive.

Cons: Extremely large company with 100k+ employees which can be both a pro and a con when it comes to building bridges not silos
Advice: None
Pros: Talented and helpful people, inclusive culture, flexible work schedules

Cons: Huge company. Make no mistake is primarily sales driven. Typical change of guards every year shifts critical strategic programs to reset every cycle. Difficult to make progress unless tied to a few of the upper echelon.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the international culture and spirit of SAP. Incredible people and promise.

Cons: Not great pay, incompetent management, boring projects, not many growth opportunities...
Advice: Pay you employees more! SAP is lacking because all the top tier talent go for the big 4 companies. Don't just say that you encourage innovation, reward it!
Pros: Good people, acceptable pay, free lunch!

Cons: less salary, may be good for east coast and less for west coast
Advice: May move your shift ur silicon valley office to texas. I will come back to work if this happens.
Pros: good wlb. can take care of family

Cons: Terrible complacency amongst most tenured employees that is driven by little to no accountability for producing value by middle/upper mgmt.
Advice: Create an exciting workplace by injecting accountability and entrepreneurial spirit back into the workforce.
Pros: People are kind and generally very pleasant to work with.

Cons: - Career Growth could be limited depending on teams
- Management's lack of talent development mindset 
- Change in organization that could effect focus, motivation
Advice: None
Pros: - Job security 
- Work life balance
- Customer demand
- Learning opportunity

Cons: Too many layers / processes.
Advice: Stop acquiring companies which does not FIT into SAP product vision and strategy.   SAP software should be like utility , any user from any part of the world can use it.
Pros: Employees Are Seen and Treated as Valued Partner.

Cons: No company is perfect but the Pros outweigh the Cons.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits and opportunities
 - Leadership that you can trust
-This is a place you can call home; employees have been here a long time which allows deep knowledge within team

Cons: With a company this big, communication will always be an issue. Sometimes it feels as though things aren't communicated properly across the different business units.
Advice: None
Pros: All in all, SAP is a great company to work for! There are so many different opportunities to grow within the company.

Cons: Comp plans are not good
Quotas a high
Base salaries low
Lots of account moving around
Advice: too much complexity and internal selling required.
Let sales people sell and get other people to do all the admin and back office stuff.
Pros: Executive level meetings with customer
Strategic to customer
Lots of internal opportunity

Cons: Not always easy to move around within the company. Low level of management diversity.
Advice: Take action on management diversity. Talk isn't enough.
Pros: Energized, enthusiastic environment. Meaningful work. Great work-life balance. Highly engaged customers. Opportunities to learn and grow.

Cons: Because there are so many career opportunities, my internal network of contacts can change frequently. But this is not a negative for the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule; remote work; equitable pay; many career paths &amp; learning opportunities; ethical &amp; caring company that supports all employees.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and on the slow side to act
Advice: Continue to simplify processes and operations
Pros: Commitment to society and its well being
True purpose orientation
Commitment to its employees, their well being, development, and balance
Great compensation
Fantastic time-off policy
Brilliant people - only the best

Cons: As with any large organization, many different initiatives going on at the same time. Sometimes hard to keep up with the pace.
Advice: Keep listening to your employees - we are in this together.
Pros: Respectful, innovative, concerned about the planet both the people and the resources

Cons: Constant Change (this is good and bad), Different cultures especially due to acquisitions
Advice: Provide more transparency especially from the very top executives.
Pros: Flexible work schedule, Global exposure, excellent benefits, Work life balance, Management support, transparency

Cons: It can get stressful at times, but the company does reward you for all of that hard work. Management does take your opinions and well being into account as well
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing coworkers, great benefits, and the company really cares about you

Cons: Kind of slow. If you wanna get things done there is a lot of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: People are really nice and the job is really easy. The culture is very understanding.

Cons: Pay is generally fair, although it should be a little higher to compete with the other players in the market
Advice: None
Pros: People genuinely work together and care about each other and our customers.  Benefits are great.  Unlimited sick leave.

Cons: Takes a good 1-2 years to learn the ins and outs because it’s a 105,000 person company.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours and location, great for a working mom. Great pay. Collaborative, global work environment. Pre-Covid - lots of travel opportunities. Focus on advancement of women.

Cons: Connections can help open the door to other opportunities, but they can also help others do the same when competing with you for the same roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has numerous businesses that offer employees the chance to take their careers in many directions.

Cons: Low pay and bonus, limited promotions and stock options
Advice: Pay people market value, improve the pathways to promotion.
Pros: Great atmosphere, great work-life balance, lot's of opportunity to grow

Cons: Too few dev resources to achieve goals
Advice: None
Pros: Great people who care about their colleagues, their work, and our customers. A surprisingly fast-moving environment, given the traditional tech background, with plenty of exciting challenges and opportunities for skill development and growth.

Cons: Depending on situation, one needs to travel to customer locations (not relevant in Covid-19 situation as most of 2020 was remote work).
Advice: None
Pros: Transparent culture, good salary, good bonus, good  employee shares purchase plan, focus on retaining talent, great focus on learning.

Cons: German employment laws tolerate non-performance for a bit too long
Advice: Continue to streamline operations, sunset non-performing businesses
Pros: Exceptional executive team, smart co-workers, fosters learning and development, kind culture and antithetical to typical mean-spirited tech culture, flexible work environment

Cons: Challenging quotas that can't always be reached.
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, commission and bonus structure.   Excellent benefits, generous vacation leave, amazing colleagues, leadership absolutely cares about every employee.

Cons: Understandably, German centric at times otherwise has the same drawbacks as any large organization including slow to change and layers of unnecessary management.
Advice: No comment.
Pros: Respected brand name tech company with quality people.

Cons: No downside, a truly great company to be a part of.
Advice: Thanks for all of the support and flexibility during COVID.
Pros: Tons of professional development resources and opportunities, the ability to collaborate with top talent around the world in an exciting environment.

Cons: Big company (but has a big heart)
Advice: Keep rolling! Thanks for the support during difficult times.
Pros: Good pay and benefits
Supports diversity
Supports sustainability
Friendly smart colleagues 
Good transparency
Really does try to make the world a better place while also looking after its stakeholders

Cons: So far I have nothing negative to say about SAP.
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: SAP is the best place I have ever worked.  Management is caring and opportunities are endless if you are willing to put in the work.

Cons: Complex management structures, that make it hard to navigate the system and execute quick transition as an organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment with lots of opportunities to grow and actively contribute.

Cons: Not one negative thing to say. I love SAP!
Advice: Keep keeping the customer first like Bill McDermott taught us!
Pros: We are constantly recognized for our work both verbally and monetarily! There is a great work/life balance!

Cons: There are none that I can think of.  I've worked at a few places in the area and can honestly say that this could be my employer until retirement.
Advice: None
Pros: -extremely flexible
-TRULY values people
-competitive benefits
-open and collaborative environment

Cons: Can't think of any cons!
Advice: None
Pros: The work you do makes you feel like you're making a difference in the world

Colleagues are incredible and always willing to help you to learn something new or resolve issues

Amazing benefits and pay

Cons: no structured career development. got to align with key executives to move up the ladder.
Advice: work on  developing a world class career development model.
Pros: employee oriented, great pay / benefits and work with the best and the brightest

Cons: Slow to change; overarching manage upward rather than empowering down
Advice: Look outside the normal sphere of influencers and management to get true picture of state-of-the-company.
Pros: Flexible work schedule and work from home options (even prior to C-19)
Socially responsible and employee-centric priorities

Cons: Very maxtrixed organization
Difficult to always find the right decision makers
Sometimes confusing responsibilities between business areas
Slow response to change requests due to very strict release management
Slow transition to cloud and SaaS models
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Excellent benefits
Free lunches
Flexible PTO
Global environment
Everybody knows them

Cons: Inflexible processes can sometimes slow rapid innovation.
Advice: Continue to "tell it like it is" and lead with professionalism, transparency and vision.
Pros: Strong leadership, diverse global workforce, positive attitude, excellent benefits, great work life balance.

Cons: As this is a technology company, it is a constantly changing environment and adaptability is essential.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse company with great opportunities and benefits. Employees are rewarded for their work. There are always opportunities for additional training and development.

Cons: There has been a lot of change in the last year but it seems to be made with the companies best interest in mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible
Supports employees
Challenging and fun work with vast opportunities

Cons: None that come to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP truly puts their employees needs first, and it starts from the top down. They recognize that a happy environment is a motivating one. Great benefits. Lots of opportunities for growth.

Cons: Not easy to get training that is relevant.
Advice: Make sure that all the resources get training on the regular basis to update skills
Pros: Great work environment. Opportunities to grow. Great benefits. Everyone is a hero.

Cons: If you are not willing to continue to grow, you might feel left behind
Advice: None
Pros: Great Management, Care about Employees, Fosters teamwork and success. Provides growth for those willing to invest in themselves and SAP.

Cons: The loss of co-CEO Jennifer Morgan affected the morale of many female employees since Jennifer helped put the salary of women of SAP on the same footing as their male counterparts.
Advice: None
Pros: I am working in a great team environment.

Cons: Busy! Lots to do all the time but the work is engaging and varied.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits, great management, transparent leadership, expectations are clear, competitive pay, HR strategy that focuses on creating the best possible workplace for employees

Cons: Not sure what to write. This is my first full time job after consulting for so many years. I liked it so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, work culture and many opportunities to explore learn new areas of SAP products.

Cons: It is a big company and you have to find a way to show value. No free rides at SAP.
Advice: Keep investing in the cloud apps
Pros: Work with experienced people who know how to execute a plan

Cons: No particular cons that I have personally experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: Sales Ops is a fantastic team to work for. Great dynamic with colleagues and many opportunities for collaboration. Team has high diversity and inclusion rates.

Cons: Very large organization, many layers of management, conflicting priorities among technology solutions and platforms, not nimble
Advice: Continue to streamline the business, continue to simplify the selling processes
Pros: Strong leadership
Excellent technology
Focused on Customer Success
Respect for the employee, regardless of role/title

Cons: Lately lot of organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Cares for it's employees, provides a diverse work environment, provides work-life balance, lots of opportunities for growth and opportunities to work on latest technologies, excellent bonus plan and overall compensation.

Cons: Large company, lots of layers, can seem "big" at times
Advice: Excellent work during the pandemic around employee engagement, empathy, and benefits.
Pros: Excellent benefits, generous stock purchase program, great work/life balance

Cons: Some people stay too long and it is hard to move up the ladder. Also - many desirable management positions are in Germany.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: Honest and caring about customers and employees both

Cons: Inconsistent managerial styles within  teams
Advice: Hear out employees on preferences for benefits rollovers; make optional to cash out benefits. Community-based organization. Supportive infrastructure and competitive benefits. Ethically-driven organizational policies.
Pros: Collaborative work environment. Community based

Cons: Many internal meetings
Process to Ramp up ( not sure a con, but does take time to learn the product &amp; processes)
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation &amp; benefits
Work hard, play hard culture
Set up for success in my role

Cons: Being such a large organization it can be hard to communicate accross segments.
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company with a long history of success
Great compensation package
Good Work/Life balance
Many opportunities for development and growth
Support for active military personnel

Cons: There is nothing as of now.
Advice: None
Pros: More learning opportunities in work.
Amazing Individuals and great team work
More initiatives and innovations
More Employee Benefits and Programs
Amazing and Great Company even with pandemic Crisis still performs strongly.

Cons: lack of leadership; Rise of management issues and loss of culture.
Advice: Pay attention to employee feedback and move deal with bad management effectively.
Pros: Good benefits 
Great opportunities
Employees leaving in droves.

Cons: Not sure there is a down side. Cant say the grass would be any greener somewhere else.
Advice: None
Pros: Career movement opportunities within the organization, benefits, team support, managements interest in everyone's success

Cons: lack of leadership; Rise of management issues and loss of culture.
Advice: Pay attention to employee feedback and move deal with bad management effectively.
Pros: Good benefits 
Great opportunities
Employees leaving in droves.

Cons: Having support is great, but there’s a ton going on with SAP AE’s and other VP on each opportunity
Advice: Let people do their jobs
Pros: Culture is great and the there’s a ton of support

Cons: No organization within day to day processes, systems are outdated and hard to keep track of, expectations change month to month. Horrible alignment within organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, flexible schedule, time off, little oversight from management

Cons: part of the job is boring
Advice: None
Pros: Management was very nice and productive. The workplace culture was positive. The hardest part of the job was moving heavy objects

Cons: German parent, so not great about US holidays. Too many silos, always restructuring, trying to keep up with new faster more agile tech companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good bonus plan, work life balance is also fairly good, not many layoffs

Cons: SAP soon lopped off about 100 senior engineers
Advice: Develop a user friendly product that doesn't require three days to install
Pros: A fine place to work until my smaller company was acquired by SAP

Cons: Too many processes
Too many Management/Organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture
Opportunity for career growth
Great work-life balance
Great people to work with
The company is customer oriented and is always thriving to do better
Company cares about employees feedback

Cons: Bureaucratic, not as agile as I would like.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has allowed me to innovate on new GTM ideas and plans, and allows for creativity and out of box thinking. Great place to work for women.

Cons: Need more streamlining on internal processes
Advice: Keep doing the incredible.....THE BEST RUN SAP!!!!
Pros: Focus on people, Customer-centric, Teamwork, Incredible positive energy, Fantastic solutions, Great Leadership at all levels, Great strategic leadership and vision

Cons: with the SAP acquisition Concur lost its luster a little IMO and got bogged down by the red tape of a larger company.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, great people, good pay

Cons: No cons from me at the moment.
Advice: Thank you for continuing to be transparent on strategy and the direction of the company.
Pros: SAP appreciates my contributions and has given me many opportunities to grow.

Cons: Products are siloed and don't always work well together. It's the nature of historically acquiring companies in different domain spaces.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong product portfolio for sales people to sell.

Cons: SAP is a gigantic multi billion $ company. A company this large comes with a lot of bureaucracy
Advice: Simplify processes to help your sales people sell!
Pros: Above average income with many oportinities to grow

Cons: High work pressure during the final projects
Advice: Management should help international students to get a full time job not necessarily in the US
Pros: Excellent networking 
High knowledge about SAP Solutions and Products

Cons: - Very process oriented
- Lots to learn 
- Sometimes hard to find the right resources 
-Everything ends up being an IT or Sales Ticket
Advice: None
Pros: -Great Co-Workers
-Teams are supportive and collaborative
- A+ Benefits

Cons: It's a big company, which always adds complexities.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP genuinely cares about its employees. People here look out for each other and try to set each other up for success.

Cons: The corporate level processes can sometimes be time-consuming to be satisfied.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance. SAP is a company that highly encourages personal growth while contributing to the company. Transparency in management.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic, but what would you expect with over 100K employees!
Advice: More diversity, please!  And it would be nice to limit the number of reorganizations.
Pros: Smart, collegial colleagues
Meaningful work
Global reach
Great customers!!

Cons: It's a BIG company - some may find that negative, but I see it as a positive, actually.
Advice: None
Pros: Very progressive company, with awesome benefits, supportive management, opportunity for growth.

Cons: Direction of business can seem uncertain at times.
Advice: Keep the focus on innovation, invest in your developers and support colleagues, and outpace with industry trends.
Pros: Pay
Time off
Stock purchasing program
Culture
Work Life balance

Cons: Work hours at times needs to adjust based where colleagues are located around the globe.
Advice: -
Pros: Diversity, strong employee focus, creative work environment, very flexible working agreement, honest communication from mgmt.

Cons: Agility,  ability to change direction quickly like any big company
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours, excellent handling of the Covid pandemic, very good benefits, listens to its employees, good work-life balance,

Cons: Slower to adapt and change than some US based tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: European DNA means SAP really cares about their employees. Vast portfolio allows for diversity in career paths and focus areas.

Cons: SAP is a large company. There is still some bureaucracy to contend with.
Advice: Create pathways for employees to share ways to ensure we Run Simple.
Pros: A truly caring for Each Other culture

Cons: A lot of pressure if you are in the sales area. Not a lot of possibilities to grow
Advice: None
Pros: a lot of benefits. Very good salaries

Cons: The pay is blow market rate
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of learning opportunity, nice manager and colleagues, everyone seems all chill, not that aggressive, very respence female employees, also having a work life balance

Cons: Very large with many sub organizations from recent M&amp;As that need integrating.
Advice: Invest in integration on all levels; Show commitment to diversity at Board Levels
Pros: Diverse work environment, HBCU recruitment, collaboration

Cons: no cons, all pros, my lovely company
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work and a good environment to solve any issues. Culture, habits, and challenges make me feels that this company always growth

Cons: No cons, but it's a complex, extremely matrixed organization, so you have to learn how to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance
Lots of career development opportunities and room for advancement

Cons: People who don't do their job or have been around a long time, have the ability to push off work and treat co-workers in a disrespectful manner.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits, good culture

Cons: Comparative pay, integration with SAP is challenging, the negatives of a huge company are hard to avoid.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture at Concur is unmatched. Great benefits, great PTO, great WLB, great people.

Cons: Large organization that can have company politics that are frustrating at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, competitive compensation, remote work location as an option, smart and friendly colleagues.

Cons: Too siloed and the CX department was not aligned with legacy SAP team
Advice: None
Pros: Great brand with a rich tradition and a lot of talented people

Cons: Bureaucratic, limited stock options, poor internal technology systems
Advice: Continue the growth movement, blowup antiquated processes and streamline, improve stock options for employees
Pros: Employee focus, strong benefits, timely communications, growth oriented

Cons: Not many RSUs in compensation
Advice: Software engineer compensation should be on par with market and should improve employee job security
Pros: Good team and work processes
Great employee benefits
Good worklife balance

Cons: n/a, customer support position can be overwhelming sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: SAP makes sure they take care of their employees. Great food, drinks, fruit ...etc. Great offices and friendly coworkers.

Cons: Nothing as of now :)
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Great place
2. Work flexibility
3. Good perks
4. Open culture
5. Provides all the resources you will need to excel
6. Moving all platforms to cloud aggressively
7. Opportunity for growth

Cons: Too many mid-management changes recently.
Advice: Find ways to make quicker decisions.
Pros: SAP is a class act, great place to work and a collaborative environment. Amazing benefits and network.

Cons: Options can sometimes be overwhelming.
Advice: Continue to Invest in Talent and product innovation
Pros: Great performance based culture that allows those that put forth the effort to growth their career.

Cons: Typical atmosphere relating to corporate politics.
Advice: 
Pros: Work/Life balance, Excellent Benefits, Career Growth, Supportive Leadership, Opportunity to work like a start-up with support and resources from Fortune 500 company.

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity done right, encourages career growth, training, great work life balance, empathetic to employees juggling work/families due to COVID19, teams are very supportive of each other

Cons: Candidly, nothing comes to mind
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: SAP cares about it's employees wellbeing / success
I can develop my career in the direction I wish to

Cons: Salary can be more competitive
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Keep up the good work
Pros: nice place to work with. Company's goals and directions are clear.

Cons: German company - sometimes feels second class if working on products headed in Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Very generous benefits; Work Life Balance; Some groups doing cutting edge work

Cons: A loft of the software solutions SAP offers is second rate at best and this reflects in the number of tickets the support team encounters daily.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment. Excellent coworkers and management.

Cons: Some tenured employees not ready for change and makes it difficult when others want to move forward.
Advice: None
Pros: Great stable company with innovation and a hand in the future

Cons: Not considered the technology innovation or cloud company. Primarily handled by German leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: empathy for employees, benefits- generous ESPP stock match, 401K, 4+ weeks annual vacations and Work-life balance

Cons: T Levels and Grade Levels can be confusing and sometimes inaccurate.
Advice: None
Pros: Vast opportunities, benefits, PTO, flexible work hours, remote opportunities, transfer opportunities, relocation, internal job flexibility, transparent communication, equality.

Cons: As many large companies, re-organizations are frequent
Advice: None
Pros: SAP size offers the opportunity to expand to different roles over time

Cons: Can have early meetings due to timezones (no different than any other international company)
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, work from home (especially during pandemic), smart colleagues, international company, market leader

Cons: Sometimes our strategy needs to be more clear, but under our new CEO I feel this is improving greatly
Advice: None
Pros: Great products
Exceptional People
Solutions that make customers better

Cons: -As most companies at the size of SAP, we are too bureaucratic
Advice: _
Pros: -Fair salary
-Fair benefits (specially for new mothers)
-Opportunity for growth
-Flexible hours
-Nice people to work with
-Nice cafeteria and gym

Cons: Lack of Americas POV on Managing Board.
Advice: Accelerate Qualtrics field team into the larger SAP machine
Pros: The people/culture
The customers
The ecosystem
The products/services
The brand promise

Cons: Not a major con, but needs a bit more integration
Advice: Keep thinking positive and we will achieve big
Pros: Continuous Innovation
Positive growth strategy
Great foresight from Executive Board and CEO

Cons: Hard to develop a career path
Networking difficult with such large organization
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach
Adaptive to changes in the market place
Multi-cultural experience
Flexible life-work balance

Cons: Not the right company to achieve and grow. Germans are good. Full of dead weight old generation SAPers in middle layer. Untransparent culture
Advice: Create a culture of transparency , reward growth drivers, get rid of old gen SAP ers in North America
Pros: Pays well, good sales culture

Cons: Project implementation is slow but is expected for a company this size.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great and they provide you the correct tools to thrive in a growing environment.

Cons: quotas unrealistically high accounts distributed based on office politics
Advice: cut down on red tape be open to constructive feedback
Pros: good salary and benefits great people intelligent hard working

Cons: Cant think of any cons for working for SAP
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Taking your wellbeing into consideration

Cons: It can feel like you are just a number.
Advice: None
Pros: There are benefits to working for a large company like SAP, including benefits and pay and opportunities internally.

Cons: 1. Compensation, compared to the market
2. (Limited to No) RSU
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Flexibility in the work schedule.
2. Freedom to voice opinion
3. Customer first nature.
4. Knowledge gained during work.

Cons: SAP is a very large company.
Advice: Keep making strategic decisions to make SAP successful going forward.
Pros: SAP is a company that cares about its employees.

Cons: Silos up to mid-level management across the business units
Advice: Continue the great work. Encourage cross-company collaboration at mid to lower levels across like business units
Pros: Customer-first, forward-thinking, communication, loyalty, transparent

Cons: Maybe the compensation can be improved a bit
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to network within the various lines of business
Stable company
Engaging leadership
Growth strategy (quick to pivot)

Cons: A lot of organizational changes and the work is intense. You have to know how to establish your own work/life balance!
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, benefits and leadership.

Cons: In office perks not as good as some other companies, but with the shift to remote work, not necessarily a con anymore.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work until 2021, Global collaboration

Cons: Big and unwieldy sometimes, Still a little good old boy
Advice: More accountability, less overlap of roles
Pros: Great co-workers, Strong customer revenue base

Cons: Significant change fatigue can occur if you are not open to change management programs
Advice: None
Pros: More than willing to invest in their employees with incredible benefits programs

Cons: lesser salaries compared with other companies in the same sector
focus on maintenance than innovation
Advice: None
Pros: good Work-life balance even during busy quarters of the year

Cons: None that I can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, great work culture with some very nice perks. Treated very well and great managers.

Cons: High pressure which may be characteristic of  the industry
Advice: None
Pros: -Open, diverse culture
-Excellent salary and benefits
-Serious development structures and plans

Cons: I don't have cons .
Advice: None
Pros: My leader let me explore different development options and assign me relevant responsibilities. He trust in me so far

Cons: None I can think of at this time.
Advice: Continue the focus on community and continuous learning
Pros: SAP focuses on employees and business outcomes. Continuous learning environment.

Cons: SAP needs to do some work on fully integrating their acquisitions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and great benefits! My manager truly cares and wants to make sure that I succeed.

Cons: None! This is overall a great company to work for!
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work! If you can get in with SAP absolutely pursue it.

Cons: N/A, N/A, N/A, N/A, N/A
Advice: Keep moving forward with stream lining our internal organizations to enhance customer success.
Pros: Benefits, training, diversity, training, respect

Cons: Sprawling and confusing bureaucracy.   It is probably to be expected with a 100k+ person organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong leadership, stable products, and market leadership in multiple industries.

Cons: lesser salaries compared with other companies in the same sector
focus on maintenance than innovation
Advice: None
Pros: good Work-life balance even during busy quarters of the year

Cons: Recent increase in re-orgs, AWS growing pains.
Advice: Ensure your devs understand what career paths are available to them.
Pros: Work/Life Balance, Salary, Opportunity to Innovate and Lead

Cons: Really haven't seen anything negative at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Very active with the company's cultural values, innovative cutting edge technology, "Builds bridges, not Silos"

Cons: two classes of employees. German vs rest of the world.
Advice: None
Pros: High standards mean high expectations for performance, a great place to grow and learn

Cons: Not enough visibility between teams working on similar products. But it is getting better.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities (great internal online platforms for employees), Fellowships, Good work/life balance.

Cons: Not many younger teammates. Large age and wage gaps.
Advice: NA
Pros: There is a wealth of knowledge in the company. Everyone is very willing to share, coach and collaborate.

Cons: Poor executive leadership with lack of sales understanding
Advice: Eliminate the business silos and product conflict and focus on customers rather than internal fiefdoms
Pros: Great Salary and Benefits. Nice offices

Cons: Too many reorganizations, Strategy keeps changing multiple times in fiscal year
Advice: None
Pros: Management is employee friendly and kind, Wonderful benefits, Work life balance is great

Cons: dont know as such with sap
Advice: keep focus on long term goals.
Pros: Best place to work who takes care of their employees, great pay master and benefits.

Cons: Constant change...which can be construed as good or bad. It's mostly good though when it comes down it.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture, company, and benefits are outstanding.

Cons: Salary range is lower compared to similar roles in other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive culture, Strong leadership, Growth and development opportunities, good work life balance

Cons: It can feel like a massive company at times
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has an amazing culture and there is plenty of opportunities to switch roles.

Cons: Prior to Covid-19, extensive travel required
Advice: None
Pros: strong culture, high integrity, long term strategic focus, very family oriented, fair &amp; transparent

Cons: Many layers of hierarchy, harder to maneuver/direct customer requests or projects (takes longer)
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, Flexibility with technical/leadership opportunity, colleague diversity, open management style.

Cons: Can be difficult to move up due to constant org change.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance and very smart workforce. Huge EDI awareness and programs.

Cons: less opportunities to grow outside of EMEA and USA
Advice: None
Pros: been updated, been recognized, good work environment

Cons: Can’t really think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, team atmosphere with others always willing to help out, fun office culture

Cons: not many cons -- maybe difficult to navigate at times
Advice: none
Pros: Forward-thinking, amazing culture, great pay, fantastic benefits, committed to diversity and inclusion

Cons: Patience is a required characteristic when working at SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities abound to broaden your experience and grow your career. You need but ask!

Cons: Can be an extremely stressful environment
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: free lunch, great benefits, wonderful staff, clean and nice facility, the list goes on

Cons: Can’t think of any cons to be honest.
Advice: None
Pros: Work atmosphere is great. Everyone is so nice and friendly. Company is doing well and great benefits.

Cons: Senior leaders push hard, but are mostly tied to the status quo
Advice: None
Pros: Making a difference in helping the world run better

Cons: Lot of re-orgs and therefore the strategy changes often
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance if you choose to stay long

Cons: slow moving processes, hard to navigate, constant re-orgs
Advice: more diversity at higher levels, please
Pros: work-life balance, great pay and benefits, great colleagues, diversity

Cons: Process oriented which is a product of us being such a large organization
Advice: run simple
Pros: Diversity, Comradery, Great Customers, Fun

Cons: Depends on the team you are in.
Advice: Could have more collaboration with the employees.
Less/No fun tasks.
Pros: Work Environment
People's mindset
Carrier growth
Learning oppurtunities

Cons: Rigid and sometimes confusing processes
Advice: Keep up the great work... and the focus on simplification.  It is working!
Pros: Terrific opportunities; great customer following

Cons: - a bit too process oriented. but has gotten much better in recent years
Advice: None
Pros: - work/life balance
- respect in workplace
- flexible hours

Cons: Management changes seem to be focused on less experienced business leaders
Advice: Look at global leadership besides those in Germany
Pros: Great benefits, salaries and options s

Cons: It's a business; little job security.
Advice: None
Pros: diverse and inclusive culture, fair amount of flexibility with work schedules, free snacks and lunch subsidies

Cons: Hire and layoff policy. Bonus ceiling , Hard to get time of as it impacts bonus
Advice: None
Pros: Moderate benefits , PTO and premium customer

Cons: A lot of politics, multiple systems in place to slow down task execution
Advice: None
Pros: strong autonomy of task execution

Cons: contortionist to get into management - Friends promote friends
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great and everyone is held to account

Cons: Probably needs a varied partnership approaches
Advice: Great ERP core strength - consolidated partnerships model
Pros: deep enterprise &amp; industry knowledge

Cons: Re-orgs, lack of standardized processes, no clear strategy
Advice: Focus on SAP internally, fix internal system, stop frequent re-orgs.
Pros: Incredible benefits, awesome culture, never gets boring!

Cons: I can't think of any cons to working at SAP.
Advice: Keep up the great work!!
Pros: Compensation, benefits, work life balance, trustworthy, transparency

Cons: Speed and effectiveness of integrating acquired companies (operationally and culturally)
Advice: None
Pros: Consistent transparency in keeping all employees informed of company strategy, direction and performance.

Cons: Lack of direction. Too many reorganizations
Advice: Too many emails, too much transparency
Pros: Great Benefits, Flexibility, growth potential

Cons: Gotta hone in on a new niche now and then
Advice: None
Pros: The sheer breadth of the product line and technology base encourage knowledge growth

Cons: Like all big companies, onboarding process can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Positive environment, great employee experience, fair work-live balance, great career development opportunities

Cons: Sometimes too many reorganizations, but that's the only con for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great Management, Great Teams, Global possibilities

Cons: There is really not anything negative to say
Advice: Focus on your purpose by executing against it
Pros: great products and ability to work with partners

Cons: None, zip, zero,  not a single con
Advice: Keep it up! This place is amazing
Pros: To many to list. I love working for Concur

Cons: It’s hard to move up without a sponsor.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. People are very collaborative and supportive. Always willing to help.
2. Great Health benefits

Cons: Very scalable always changing environment many teams globally managing different aspects of projects and technology
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome work/life balance environment, competitive pay opportunity for growth

Cons: I don't see any cons in this company.
Advice: None
Pros: You learn a lot here. 
They use all the latest technologies in the market.

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly and lots of flexibility in work timings.

Cons: sometimes bureaucratic in making changes
Advice: keep listening to the customer and employees.
Pros: Nice place to work, great culture, market driven to customer needs.

Cons: Minimal - nothing that's a deal breaker
Advice: None
Pros: Humane, authentic leaders
Sophisticated, supportive colleagues
Rich benefits package
Socially responsible firm
Top notch technology

Cons: Too large and a bit hard to maneuver
Advice: Reward those who do well
Pros: Stable with substantial benefits. Empowers employees to become better

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture on the floor. Everyone wants you to succeed. Endless Opportunities

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture on the floor. Everyone wants you to succeed. Endless Opportunities

Cons: Nothing that i can think of .
Advice: None
Pros: The best place to work, wonderful benefits, awesome work-life balance and the bonus is incredible.

Cons: Not so many , Still to explore
Advice: SAP can beat any hyperscalers.
Pros: Strong Customers and Employee Focus , Fair practices

Cons: Haven't found one yet, really enjoy the collaborative and supportive nature of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, transparent and supportive management.

Cons: Multitasking. A lot on your plate at once.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and culture. A lot of growth.

Cons: No cons while working here, great place!
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, compensation, team mates

Cons: We have had a lot of reorganizations in the last 2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Company offers stock purchase options with a match.

Cons: high expectations and onboarding is sometimes a sink or swim.
Advice: None
Pros: They really try to do right by the employee

Cons: Huge company that is slow moving, hesitant to adapt
Advice: None
Pros: Global clout, good benefits, recently was more open about pay structure.

Cons: Very big company and can feel overwhelming at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great comp plan with plenty of opportunities to develop and grow.

Cons: Inexperienced management tends to destroy team cohesion. Company culture is disappearing.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great.

Cons: Not that I am aware of.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Remote positions and a lot of opportunities for side projects.

Cons: Some cooworkers are not suitable for the job, including managers. Lack of insight, leadership, and support.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible time, and includes lunch

Cons: Low base salary compared to the other bay area companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Just like any company that has been acquired, the vision changes.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of smart people to work with.

Cons: Having your voice heard since it is such a large company
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and great benefits

Cons: Pressure to close deals sometimes is stressful but part of the business
Advice: None
Pros: Very intelligent co-workers and supportive management, flexibility, upward mobility

Cons: it is a large organization with limited space for entrepreneurship
Advice: None
Pros: honest leadership, clear goals, good compensation, room for advancement

Cons: No work / life balance as not always you can get days off
Advice: None
Pros: A very good workplace to be at

Cons: Too big and too complex to be nimble in the business
Advice: None
Pros: Best brand name in the industry

Cons: Large company, red tape, somewhat slow moving due to internal policy
Advice: None
Pros: Training, technology, culture, Human Resources, Marketing support

Cons: Global Travel could be a lot at times.
Advice: None
Pros: I really enjoyed my time at sap. It is a well run company.

Cons: Tough climb to the top
Advice: None
Pros: Great company. Love the Tech.

Cons: There is not much growth plan for the team.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a solid program for protecting software maintenance business.

Cons: Don't see any negative points worth mentioning. Only positive feedback.
Advice: Keep rolling out High Quality Products
Pros: Working on cutting edge products

Cons: Duplicate functions, silos, work-life balance
Advice: Too many levels of management
Pros: Diversity, purpose, benefits, lots of nice people

Cons: None, everything was amazing at all levels
Advice: None
Pros: Perfect in every way. Culture, Development, Personal Growth, Career and work life balance.

Cons: not a lot of room for growth, at least in my team
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is good

Cons: Too harsh management so tone that down
Advice: More work life balance required
Pros: Good culture overall no issues pls

Cons: Tons of bureaucracy and nepotism, ancient technologies
Advice: Be more agile before you disappear
Pros: Stable, safe, professional work atmosphere

Cons: i cannot think of anything i can complain about
Advice: None
Pros: It is the place place to work. Values employees so much

Cons: It's OK here, not too much to complain.
Advice: None
Pros: The team work sprit is running well in SAP.

Cons: Building a consistent culture across in a large company is a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Really solid on core business values.

Cons: Complex and global company with an unclear path to a successful cloud transition
Advice: None
Pros: Large and global company with great customers

Cons: integration of new employees
complex approval process
very bureaucratic
a lot of admin work
Advice: begeleiding van nieuwe medewerkers
Pros: salary
high performing organization Belux
nice colleagues

Cons: - Old tech stack
- Code monkeys, nothing new or special
Advice: None
Pros: - Laid back work environment 
- Easy to cruise through

Cons: Development organization had uncertain direction
Advice: Work to understand customer needs; listen much more
Pros: Very well focused sales organization and sales process

Cons: Dispersed teams present challenges to collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, commitment to sustainability, promotion of diversity, customer centric approach

Cons: Lack of diversity at the Executive level
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home flexibility
Good benefits
Great teamwork with colleagues and coworkers

Cons: Not enough diverse employees, however, they are actively working on this.
Advice: None
Pros: They have great benefits, and awesome people!

Cons: Many reorgs/restructures which create confusion on overall direction.
Advice: None
Pros: Exellent Benefits, Job Flexibility, Inclusion and Diversity.

Cons: complex corporate structure, information overload
Advice: Streamline processes, simplify the corporate structure, simplify uppermanagement
Pros: No micro-managing, friendly people, flexible work schedule options

Cons: Lower salary in the Bay Area relative to competitor
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance, the food is good

Cons: Hard to move up because of internal clogging
Advice: Software Engineer
Pros: Lot of opportunities to learn but internal clogging is rampant

Cons: Disruptive reorganizations sometimes hurting team and project.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Provide lunch and breakfast. Interesting projects as well.

Cons: For now, I dont think there are any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Gain more experience as a new grad

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and risk averse at times
Advice: None
Pros: Joined in 2012.  Hard charging, positive/supportive culture.  Customer centric.

Cons: promotion too slow, compensation a bit lower than same level IT company
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, flat hierarchy, self-training materials

Cons: One of the lowest comp structures.
Advice: Don't make people jump through hoops.
Pros: Some of the best benefits in the industry.

Cons: Highly political environment focused on only one thing (revenue)
Advice: None
Pros: Great, smart ppl work here. Good logo on your resume

Cons: Pay is not on par with Compitators
Advice: None
Pros: Very Employee Friendly and customer focused .
Excellent work life balance

Cons: Very large organization. Can be a challenge to be nimble.
Advice: None
Pros: Industry leader and continuing to innovate for the future.

Cons: Large company with +100,000 employees, expect a lot of (required) processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a great cultur

Cons: dont have any in my thoughts right now!
Advice: None
Pros: super collaborative and supportive colleagues and managers. great place to work

Cons: Challenges in internal systems - lots of bureaucracy
Advice: Simplify internal systems and processes
Pros: Smart people, employee-first culture, important mission

Cons: None for me I'm sorry
Advice: Continue to keep us informed; it's appreciated!
Pros: Vision, communication, leadership, strategy, balance

Cons: Many layers of processes to accomplish larger items.
Advice: None
Pros: Time off
Excellent team
Work Environment is state of the art.

Cons: I can't think of any.
Advice: Keep on doing what you are doing!
Pros: Benefits, Work/Life Balance, Skills development

Cons: None. Best company that I've been
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people, a lot of benefits and opportunities inside the company

Cons: • None, have enjoyed working here!
Advice: None
Pros: • Many resources to continue learning
• Work-life balance
• Structured goal setting

Cons: Career growth will depend on network and working that
Advice: None
Pros: Work, Life balance, exciting hi-tech, top global brand, market leader

Cons: work-life balance, travel requirements, changing direction,
Advice: none
Pros: autonomy, salary, talented co-workers, position in market, etc.

Cons: would like to see more competitive pay
Advice: None
Pros: cares about its employees health and well-being, work-life balance

Cons: Lots of Administrative and Bureaucratic overheard
Advice: make it simpler
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, generally fair mgmt. team

Cons: Non competitive salaries and lack of growth
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and great workplace environment

Cons: Many of products and solutions are very overwhelming to understand.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, diversity, management and colleague are very supportive.

Cons: Large enterprise is difficult to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and leadership that cares about their employees

Cons: Not much. Some bureaucracy but expected of a company of this size.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, Good pay, Outstanding colleagues

Cons: Differs a lot depending on the country
Advice: More innovation projects needed
Pros: People oriented, respectful environment and constant growth

Cons: Can have late shifts or weekend shifts
Advice: None
Pros: Employment and Growth Opportunities
Great Pay
Great Benefits
Great Bonus Structure
Helpful Coworkers and Management

Cons: Few teams don't promote promotions often
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, everyone is helpful
Good work-life balance
Good career opportunities

Cons: Salary is a little bit lower than other giant tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance
Nice culture
Nice office

Cons: Continuing technical training and knowledge is mandatory to stay ahead
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture, benefits, pro-active career development, advancement opportunities

Cons: Can be too big to get lost in the shuffle
Advice: Less reorganizing!
Pros: Great benefits, wonderful handling of pandemic

Cons: Understanding all the options available to help customers
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborate with talented people globally

Cons: There is never any downtime. You always need to be on
Advice: None
Pros: Care about employees and clients

Cons: Slow to change  and evolve
Advice: Apply more critical thinking, endorse change
Pros: Diverse and focused on people

Cons: The management architecture is not flat.
Advice: None
Pros: The teams are collaborative and supportive. Working hours are flexible.

Cons: Micromanagement, Beurocracy, Politics, Management, Voice
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture, health benefit, leadership info

Cons: Big software company, trying to change with the times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good benefits, lots of career opportunity.

Cons: Top down management approach in innovation
Advice: Promote bottom up innovation
Pros: Loyal customer base; Work life balance

Cons: Big company which can sometimes be difficult to navigate globally
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible team, well-taken care of, great benefits

Cons: not much growth, low salary, low bonus
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture, women empowerment, stable

Cons: Salary is not competitive for QA Engineer.
Advice: None
Pros: Very healthy environment to work.

Cons: More products needed for meeting market demands
Advice: More M&amp;A's needed to be aggressive
Pros: Very employee friendly as an organization

Cons: too many changes and not well communicated some time
Advice: None
Pros: Take care of employees growth and benefit

Cons: Too political and too many organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance with European culture

Cons: Very department specific, internal mobility can be hard
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, good benefits, strong union

Cons: Slow moving and heavy on process
Advice: Be more decisive
Pros: Lots of great benefits and awesome work life balance

Cons: less package as compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, challenging projects, open to learning

Cons: Big company policies &amp; procedures or finding the right resource sometimes tough.
Advice: None
Pros: Employee-centric, awesome benefits &amp; growth.

Cons: bloated top management salaries but undercut reps compensation.
Advice: None
Pros: culture and tech history sap

Cons: Global executive turn over and tumultuous market at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunity, great benefits, exceptional work-life balance

Cons: Not any that I can think of
Advice: Peer coordination
Pros: Provides opportunity to learn.
Benefits.
Amazing work culture.

Cons: No major cons 
Subject to individual teams
Advice: None
Pros: Good worklife balance
Good work culture 
Work is fairly interesting based on teams

Cons: Change (but I like that)
Advice: Improve on tools and processes
Pros: People friendly with kind management.

Cons: Management  turnover is disturbing , need to stabilize.
Advice: None
Pros: Took care of employees during COVID-19 crisis.

Cons: too many tools that do not work well together.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are the priority first!

Cons: Feel positive Less Cons None
Advice: Good management
Pros: Every thing as per promise

Cons: nothing to add as a con.
Advice: None
Pros: Great co workers, very generous benefits package, stable company, great leadership

Cons: Nothing as such Cons i experienced.
Advice: None
Pros: Technology stack is very good.

Cons: On it's way of digitization. Need to pace it.
Advice: None
Pros: Great policies and benefits, employee friendly

Cons: No cons as of yet
Advice: None
Pros: I work with a very supportive team!

Cons: Please don't change anything, I love SAP the way it is
Advice: None
Pros: They care about their employees

Cons: Nothing is done if complaints are made about management
Advice: None
Pros: The bonuses tend to be good.

Cons: Tech stack is not new
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly, work life balance

Cons: less startup like, compensation could be higher
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work culture, work-life balance, valued contribution

Cons: Nothing comes to mind at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Company believes in a great work/life balance

Cons: People stuck in certain positions for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing People
Great Environment
Good Work Life Balance

Cons: sometimes lower positions get lost in the sauce
Advice: None
Pros: relaxed environment, great benefits, can work from home

Cons: Large, rather anonymous work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach; many job opportunities; new technologies

Cons: A lot of business jargon that gets cliche
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people who want to work with you

Cons: Process oriented, focus too much on process rather than solution;
Advice: None
Pros: nice benefit, I mean really nice;

Cons: Colleagues are not friendly. They don't help new comers
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, big company, good food

Cons: Process overload, complexity, frequent changes in leadership
Advice: Simplify
Pros: Diversity, culture, people, work at home

Cons: Thinking back, none come to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best companies to work for.

Cons: hard to network, hard to land full time, no room for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good people, reputable company

Cons: Big and bureaucratic as large companies tend to be
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for with amazing culture
