Cons: Not a lot of cons even for a large multi-national petroleum company with 93,000 employees worldwide.
As Shell is a foreign owned company, a lot of the preference goes to employees already oversees, or that work oversees frequently and build the familiarity with the decision makers in UK & Netherlands
Advice: Keep communicating with the divisions - not just in teleconferences and webinars, but face to face - get to know the people on "the other side of the pond". I was fortunate to have Sr Management that did that, but other colleagues of mine in other groups were not as fortunate.
Pros: Shell has a lot of opportunities to move your career in any direction you want, but you have to make your own contacts and plan ahead to move in to another position. As I Was getting my bachelors degree in another field of study than what I was employed in, I Was told I would need to quit Shell and work elsewhere after I got my degree. I remained at Shell for another 16 years after receiving my Bachelors in MIS but I had to acquire interviews as a new college hire through my university (I was already a 13 yr employee at Shell by then) - unconventional method but it worked.

Cons: As with any company, Shell will hold on to jobs that support its core competencies during lean times, so if you are not in that type of skill set, you will be challenged staying, even if you had good reviews.
Advice: There are lots of people that are disconnected from leadership. Currently, I believe that management was forced to make severe cuts and lots of the remaining employees are feeling a strain as the cuts may have been a little too deep. I would really pay attention to the way the pendulum has sung from promoting Work/Life Balance to something that people are now very challenged with working less that 50 to 60 hours in a week.
Pros: Great training available, great collaboration tools to use. If you are open and good at networking, you will have lots of good opportunities

Cons: Downsizing and Offshoring has increased workload and stress of those who remain. Job postings are 3-4 years in duration unless management decides otherwise--constant reorganizations. As a global company, you are expected to work virtually (while in the office). More emphasis is currently be placed upon costs than on customer or employee benefit.
Advice: Encourage employee recognition. Value your employee's opinions as much as you value market analysts'.
Pros: Flexible work schedule with the "9/80 Schedule" so you will have every other Friday off. Well compensated with pension and 401k contribution (continued without reductions or interruption during economic downturn). Generous tuition reimbursement. Large organization provides many career opportunities. Stable employment as long as you perform at a high level, network with other groups, and proactively seek out additional opportunities.

Cons: Elimination of the retail channel I worked.    Business strategies seemed to be move of a moving target than a concrete plan that we could stick to and drive the business.
Advice: I would anticipate a need for a retail channel sometime in the future.  I also believe that bio fuel and charging stations are now the "big box" fear that eliminated the retail channel, will eventually have a changing impact on the downstream market sooner than realized.
Pros: Shell was a great work experience. The work environment was fair, respectful, and motivating.   The daily work changed constantly, presenting challenges that kept me engaged.  The pay and benefits are at the top of the industry.  I am proud to have worked for and remain associated with this company.

Cons: poor lower level management
tendency to transition a lot of Shell jobs to contractors 
not a lot of advancement opportunities
Advice: look closely at the lower level program managers, some are only there because their project managers bust their asses to get the job done regardless of how horrible the program manager is.
just because someone has been with the company for a while doesn't mean that they are the best person for the job.
Pros: looks good on a resume
can offer great benefits once you qualify
flexible work hours and offer lots of training

Cons: Work life balance is preached but sometimes not adhered to by management. Many jobs require long hours, more than 40 per week and in some positions working till we hours of the morning of next day, with no extra compensation for salaried exempt employees, not even time off. They take advantage of salaried exempt. Manager not always honest and forth coming with changes that affect your job. Lots of politics and playing favorites by managers in many areas of the company. If a manager doesn't like you (and it usually has nothing to do with performance) your opportunity for growth and advancement can be seriously hindered. Big issue currently, lots of job lay-offs and downsizing. Since Shell U.S. has been taken over by Shell Netherlands, the Europeans have been set on a mission to squash all opportunities here in the U.S. and have been moving multitudes of operations and jobs to other global facilities, jobs that do not create efficiencies in processes or in cutting costs. Many new employees just hired found themselves looking for a new job/position withing 6 months of being hired due to job downsizing in the U.S.
Advice: Make job opportunities legit and more available in the United States. Stop disassembling well functioning business areas. Stop the politics and favorites that managers play. Get rid of managers that continue this behavior. When employees bring this to your attention or to HR, listen to them because the case they present is legitimate and if you think about it, it took them months and a lot of advice from others to gain courage to present their situation to management or HR. Shell was once a great company and know as the best place to work, everyone wanted to work for Shell, but now that is no longer the case. Employees are contantly stressed with fear of loosing their job. Bottom line, grow Shell back into the great company it once was. Give employees a great place to work once again and one to be proud of once again. Stop sending jobs overseas and destroying Shell in the U.S.
Pros: The pay and benefits are excellent. Good opportunity for growth but you have to be a go getter, meaning you must have a good work track record, sell yourself and use your people network skills. Under the right manager you can excel with no limits provided there are still jobs available in the U.S., or you are prepared to move about globally to achieve advancement.

Cons: Way too bureaucratic 

Too much focus on form (Do your Power Points look a certain way?) over substance (How 
competent you are, What level of enthusiasm do you bring to your work, Do you possess a more compass, etc)

Lots of discussion around career support and development, but did not translate well in day-to-day practice
Advice: Apply higher standards to individuals when making promotion decisions - Focus more on competence and high moral character than an individual's connections

Strengthen the employee benefits packages - not competitive, especially with other large energy companies
Pros: Interesting work

Low stress level

Decent work life balance

Good support for professional development activities

Generally decent folks to work with

Cons: If you are not a designated "high potential", and there are many reasons that this can happen that have nothing to do with your actual real life potential or performance, then it can be very challenging to be promoted or even move laterally into positions that are seen as glamorous.  Even if you perform very well, your raise and bonus will never compete with a high potential who does poorly.  If this sort of thing gets under your skin, then do not come to Shell, because it is rampant -- there is a 2% ruling class that gets everything and if you are not in that club very shortly upon joining (again, many reasons this can go the wrong way -- for example if you have the wrong manager who runs the evaluation process the wrong way) then it will never change.
Advice: Get consistent about evaluating employees' potential or do not do it in a systematic way at all.  Get better at communicating the reasons for change -- that doesn't mean more polished presentations and speeches, it means getting real with people about business needs and leaders taking the initiative to talk to people face to face one on one in their daily work lives.
Pros: If you come in as a "high potential" and are very young, you are golden in this company.  Once you have this label you can essentially do no wrong -- even if you perform poorly, it is perceived that you have just been put in a job that does not match your strengths.  Also, if you want to come here and just be an OK performer and never be promoted, this is a good place to be.  You can park here and be forgotten for 10 years without anyone noticing.

Cons: Slow to make decisions

External hires can have difficulty assimilating
Advice: The success of Shell in the future will revolve around three points:  The ability to work collaboratively with NOC's, the technological foundation to lead in the development and implementation of low carbon/sustainable fuels, and become the "good neighbor" that communities desire to work with, grow and support.
Pros: Employees are encouraged to take control of their personal development, but balanced with guidance from management

The opportunity exists to work in different business units

Multiple U.S. locations and Overseas roles

Community Conscious

Fantastic benefits

Cons: Being seen in best political light is very important.
Company is not always fair in handling promotions / layoffs.
Good work, performance are not always rewarded; politics are more important.
Probably a good place to stay for a few years before moving on, for most people.
Too big and impersonal.
Advice: Take some risks in new plays, or the company may die.
Pros: Lots of good training.
Excellent presentations on multiple technical projects.
Lots of diverse projects to get involved in.

Cons: For those more senior in their career, and ambitious to take on more responsibility, Shell will be frustrating as non-quantiative factors weigh in much more heavily into promotion decisions than talent, ability to succeed, proven skills, etc.
Advice: 
Pros: Shell offers excellent opportunities for growth early in your career, supports employees in moving to different roles to develop skills and can offer some international opportunities for those interested.  Shell is serious about training and development, and there are numerous internal networking opportunities.

Cons: As with most large organizations, it takes significant effort to win support for and then to cascade change within the organization.
Advice: 
Pros: Shell has the resources and a solid business plan for future growth and sustained strong performance.  They support a diverse and inclusive team oriented.  Shell values its corporate citizenship and is very socially oriented.

Cons: No career development plan for new college graduates. 
Management turnover alienates workers
Plenty of dissatisfied people 
Limited financial upside
Advice: Put in place mechanisms to keep top talent
Align management incentives with personell development
Develop good engineers into managers
Pros: Excellent benefit package, somewhat stable industry 
Operating roles are fast pace and full of responsibility
Knowledge transfer systems in place

Cons: the risk of inhaling toxic chemicals is eminent and the risk of working more hours that you can is also eminent
Advice: shell is a neutral non discriminatory cooperation that  helps build those who want to climb the success ladder of this world
Pros: its lucrative and been in the oil business is the only way forward right now in this cramping economy in the world

Cons: Constant re-organization, outsourcing jobs, the structure of 4-year job assignment slowing down the career movement, lack of opportunities to move up in career ladder
Advice: People survey should have plenty of voices for the advice to management
Pros: Generous pay and benefits, bonus, 401k, pension, good people to work with, value culture difference, flexible work schedules, some departments allow work at home

Cons: It is a European company and there is a big mistrust between how things are supposed to be done (European way) and differences in North America
Advice: Don't really have much to say, just that they need to understand the pipeline business before they start making changes.
Pros: People are friendly and very helpful, very good technical knowledge and history of pipelines.
Excellent team work and cooperation of fellow coworkers.

Cons: I got paid minimum wage but it was my first job so I expected it.
Advice: increase the wages
Pros: They are flexible with your schedule.
They are very respectful and train you well.
They are very nice and allow you to have lunch breaks.

Cons: There is no career path.
Advice: Mentoring and career paths are important and should be emphasized
Pros: The benefits and time off are exceptional.

Cons: Too many re-organizatons!  And you have to have a very good network.
Advice: Should be more inclusive and nurture talents instead of showing favoritism to friends.
Pros: Good total compensation package and not too bad people around.

Cons: Large percentage of employees without prior education, experience or training for the position they currently hold.
Substandard equipment.
Advice: Hire qualified people; start with HR Department.
Pros: Good compensation, bonus and benefits package.
Flexible work hours.

Cons: too much politics. little evaluation to leadership
Advice: performance should be the most important and other things second, including networking.
Pros: good compensation packages compared to the competitors

Cons: Working in bad weather conditions sometimes. Doing shift work.
Having to work on some holidays.
Advice: No
Pros: Career job, good work atmosphere most of the time.

Cons: Driving distance from my home
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Great people and environment to work in

Cons: limited concern for clients or employees
Advice: care more for the human element
Pros: this is a big strong company

Cons: It is a large company so they are very slow in decision making
Advice: 
Pros: shell is more professional and they have safe environment to work

Cons: Slow, Process Driven, Busy; spread out
Advice: 
Pros: The People; The Technology; The breadth of opportunity; Diversity

Cons: No opportunity for career growth
Advice: Hire employees not just issue contracts
Pros: Shell is a great large company

Cons: lay offs lately are scarry
Advice: Hire more and lay off less
Pros: friendly people
9/80 schedule
great benefits
competitive pay

Cons: Slow decision making abilities and group think
Advice: 
Pros: Good Benefits, great compensation, and good people
