Cons: Shell continues to reorganize, eliminating high pay positions and putting more responsibility on lower grade levels.  The department that I work in has reorganized every year for the past 3 years.   There are now 54% less people and the majority left have less than 4 years experience.  

Work/ Life balance is poor.  Since there are less people, there is more overtime work.  Folks are scared to provide honest feedback to management since they may be eliminated during the next reorganization.

Beware that there are some people who get away with back-stabbing to advance their careers.  Everyone is ranked against each other for bonuses and advancement.
Advice: Eliminating people, especially the high paid experienced ones, does quickly reduce costs and increase the stock price.  However, this is not a long-term sustainable strategy.  Instead try eliminate unnecessary work and streamlining processes to get the most out of folks.   Also, promote people based on their abilities and not their ethnicity or gender.
Pros: Large company with potential to move to other positions and areas

Flexible working schedule.  Still offer 9/80 (work 9 hours M-R, 8 hours every other Friday).  Still offer flexible starting times.  

People are nice and work in a team environment.  

Still provide free coffee (regular and decaf)

Cafeteria has great food

Cons: Geez so many... Every month, someone quits. Wonder why... The company claims they love diversity but hires everyone from the same city, same school. Pretty much everyone has lived near the site for their whole lives. How will you ever be innovative???? All your employees are too closed minded to every leave the country or even state. Horrible and long work hours, even weekends sometimes but they act like they care about preventing fatigue. You’ll never see management there on weekends though. Mainly white males with egos through the ROOF. I’m a white male and even I hated this. I’d never grow there. Everyone makes fun of each other plus talks behind each other’s backs, and smiles in faces, even management. Everyone tries to push work on someone else. This place was full of lazy stuck up people, just going through the motions. You’re only liked by managers if you kiss up. Oh and don’t ever be quiet. Quiet people will never ever ever make it. 

The systems are extremely slow. They keep cutting the budget & just laid off all of hr??? Takes way to long to move around. Plus so much more. Spare yourself and don’t work here. It’s probably the whole refining industry.
Advice: Actual diversity can solve a lot of this. I realize the company started hiring only all white males and now you are trying to reverse it, but honestly may be too late. This place is horrible, especially to young people who are increasingly growing up to value diversity & innovation highly.
Pros: High pay. You will learn to navigate & be tough in stressful environments. Free food at least 2x/week. That’s really it.

Cons: As with any large, multinational corporation, there is a lot of bureaucracy  to deal with.  It takes a long time to get certain things done and there are a lot of approvals involved.
Advice: The main piece of advice I have is that it really shouldn't be necessary to go through a major reorganization every couple of years.  Doing this too often makes it difficult to even tell if the previous organization worked because it hasn't been stable long enough.
Pros: The best thing about Shell is the people.  I like pretty much everyone I work with and they are all highly competent which makes it fun to go to work.  The pay and benefits are also hard to beat especially now that we just implemented the new parental leave policy where women get four months off with pay and men get two months off!

Cons: Good luck being a forward think person with ambitious to drive real improvements.  The glacial speed of internal processes will lead to a withdrawal of creativity.

The company is all talk on driving simplicity and out of the box thinking. Pray to god you can find a job that sparks some passion or else you may be contemplating choosing boredom and a well paying salary or the chance of a fulfilled life elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell has an amazing culture of diversity &amp; inclusion, safety and customer focus.

Typically, the employees of Shell are it's best attribute.  People generally care for each other and place priority on satisfying needs outside of business first.

Cons: The leadership team does not trust or value what you do on a daily basis however they will provide a lot of lip service to just how much they care for their employees. The facts are 70% of the sales force will not make more than their salary even though the company is more profitable than ever and volume and profits are up double digits. They have devices in your company car and on all company devices to track your movements. The health insurance is horrible and even at the most expensive package it does not cover preventive appointments; and if you actually need physical or mental healthcare finding a doctor that takes your insurance is practically impossible even in larger markets. Last year because of several production issues the products you are required to sell were not available for 9 months out of the year so over 95% of the sales team did not make a bonus, however the company had one of its best years ever and had their taxes cut in half but still decided not to reward their employees for maintaining and growing their customer base.  You will be selling a product that is way overpriced and you will have growth rates based on how many people the company wants to pay instead of market conditions or demographics of your territory.  If the thought of making money from selling excites you this is not the place for you and you like most of the sales force will be severely demotivated.
Advice: When the company is doing well your employees should be doing well.  Much of the issues arise from the general lack of empathy and lack of value placed on the hard work of your sales force so some training could help.  When companies are going through a rough time employees understand that everyone has to bear that burden, however when the only focus is delivering share holder value at the expense of your employees the good times will run out quicker than you think. Shell will be around but eventually it will become very tough to find and retain the talent you need to succeed in the energy transition, but what do the rich folks on top care about that since they will be able to cash out their stock options.
Pros: Company has some fun events you can participate in.  You have a company car but there is a tracking device that sends back your movements to your manager. There is currently a pension and 401k but many of the other benefits are being cut so I would not count on the pension staying.  Shell recently passed Exxon Mobil as the largest oil and gas company.

Cons: It is so large and involved in so many projects that things move very slow and projects compete globally for attention from upper management. It is also uninspiring to learn about some of the countries and projects the company is involved with yet sell a different image to the public.
Advice: Consider frameworks and tools such as Principles for Responsible Investment, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, or other risk-mitigation and materialy-relevant Environment Social &amp; Governance strategies.
Pros: You'll learn lots about the industry itself and you may be able to move to other areas and departments (upstream, midstream, downstream operations/marketing/administrative/etc.). The pay is great - especially in Houston where the cost of living is low.

Cons: - This company is is not good for skilled, performers, and quality experience people. No one value your experience and good work here. 
- This company pretend to show they are Global company and care for workers. Managers here harrasing every single employee here.
Advice: - Fire the people managers who are Harassing team members. Refer to Shell People survery. Why you are not taking any action.
Pros: - This company do not take any action against worst to worst people Manager, even if people report worst against you in SHELL PEOPLE SURVEY nothing is going to happen. I have seen many cases where people manager was harrasing whole team, people reported against him in survey, but HR did not take any action. 
- No Need to work - just focus on fun activities and learn some jokes to make your management happy and your appraisal will be taken care.

Cons: I am concerned about a change in the way they are hire of late.  Too many ways for managers to manipulate the system to favor a candidate.  They arbitrarily decide to post a job internally, externally or both. If a person they don't like is the best qualified, they repost.  I am already looking for a job elsewhere.  A shame because I used to think very high of Shell.
Advice: Hire the best qualified whether internally or externally.  Look internally first, show the same loyalty you demand  to your employees by giving them an opportunity.  And finally, not all problems can be solved with money.
Pros: Good salaries and benefits.  Excellent working facilities

Cons: Not a good grading system for employees, more who you know than how good you are at the job.

Career development is a bit of a crap shoot... again it’s fairly political.

Not much training given or offered.

Much of your experience may be based on your manager vs Shell in my opinion.
Advice: Need to create better career development opportunities for employees, the IDP process seems to be mostly a waste of time.
Pros: Hires friendly people that are a pleasure to work with.
Pay is competitive, with a good bonus structure
Good benefits and a strong 401k if you stay 10 + years
World wide company, so good chance to move locations, etc.

Cons: Can be highly political and bureaucratic. Consensus based and slow to make decisions. Lots of meaningless improvement initiatives that skirt around real issues of risk aversion and self interest during a down market. Europeans hold the power and some programs don’t translate well when applied to US culture. Can be very demanding but pay justifies the hours.
Advice: Need more courage in middle management to make tough decisions.
Pros: Excellent people who are willing to help, great team culture though poor collaboration across business units. Great trust in employees that allows personal flexibility when needed.

Cons: Lots of gossip. There is a sense of favoritism. People that have family that has worked for or works for Shell seem to get favored for promotion. You can tell they start to groom them for roles that are about to become available. Then when the jobs get posted they already know who will be selected but encourage others to apply just to get enough applicants so HR can't say anything.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are one of the best parts about working for Shell. The people I worked with were laid back but serious when it came time to handle business.

Cons: One of the bad things was the long stands and the smell of the trash other than that everything is fine excepte that once or twice you might need to exchange the handsets with plastic paper which is not very safe.
Advice: Renewing the pumps is a good business on the long run although it's very excpencive but it's also very important for the safety of the customers and general public in the area.
Pros: I learned a lot from working at the gas station first customer service and second the stocking of mershindise and cleaning whenever needed , it's a a fun expirience for a first job.

Cons: No overtime, sick, or vacation pay, no room to grow with company, expected to work 6 or 7 days a week, subjected to call in at anytime  (always on call) expected to work birthdays and holidays.
Advice: Try to be a little more understanding when it comes to employees. Need to give full time benefit if working employees full time, need to give incentive for employees to work overtime. Maybe consider paying overtime. Also wont to offer insurance to full time employees.
Pros: Fast pace job, everyday is a new experience, friendly customs. Flexible hours, lots of hours if willing to work, decent pay, great coworkers

Cons: Having to work a double shift because there is no one to relieve you happened too often.
Advice: Security came in and fired me stating I was seen on camera giving away a car wash. Of course I gave the guy a car wash he paid for it, he is the nice repeate car wash customer who got a call before he had time to go thru the wash, and loosing his ticket I printed him a new one
Pros: Independent working environment, customer loyalty, truely a good product with well done work space and a proper cash that was an easy sell.

Cons: A lot of geoscience experience "retired."  Shell's solution is to rapidly rotate junior staff and keep everyone in an open office.  We either don't have time to work and be creative, or we don't know how to do the work.
Advice: 5 years in unconventionals, 5 years in planning, 5 years working pre-salt Braxil exploration...these are not interchangeable employees.  Give people an option to stay where they like--I do not want to train up another junior staffer who is checking a box before moving on to something else.
Pros: High pay.  Hard to get laid off if you're under 50.

Cons: No real job security, constantly applying every few years for a new job internally, when in field expected to work much more than 40 hrs/wk, a lot of big company bureaucracy and meetings
Advice: Look out for your good people, don’t lose valuable people due to short term lack of opportunities
Pros: Excellent pay, great benefits, a lot of freedom to apply internally for new jobs and explore different areas, most people are treated well or as equals even if different hierarchally

Cons: Short staff over worked under paid work you 6 days a week only supplying you one shirt. No overtime offered get over 40 hours you'll still get regular pay out of their pocket in cash so they don't have2 pay you overtime/benefits offered doesn't work with you on your hours nor  give any sick days or paid vacation
Advice: Give more than one shirt/uniform if you plan to work an employer more than 5to 6 days a week, offer overtime and stop penny pinching and offer some benefits and coverage and give paid vacation and sick days care more about your employee's
Pros: 40 hours guaranteed,steady paycheck no other pros to this job.

Cons: At least, where I work specifically and the position I have it does not pay well and benefits are nothing special. I have not been given a raise in four to five years and took two to three years for me to finally get just 2 weeks of vacation.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company that means well and has a lot to offer but not necessarily what you would expect.

Cons: Lack of women in most senior roles for decades. Primary focus in HQ is on Investors as the primary customer
Advice: Push harder to understand the customer and their relevance to profits (beyond the retail customer). Executive Committee should resemble workforce 50/50 male/female
Pros: Ability to move to different projects every 3-4 years. Ability to work in a global environment. Extremely diverse talent pool. Extremely challenging and meaningful projects. Highly educated co-workers.

Cons: How fast u have to work make u sure u get everybody in and out when the truck driver come in o they have my laughing
Advice: Na
Pros: The people getting to know everyone having fun learning diff things working with the people we have fun they work as a team

Cons: Slow progression upwards
Need a career developement and mentor program...none exists for full time hires post graduate program
Advice: Reward your people. Not just with Shell recognition awards (SRAs) but with promotions, without them having to threaten a leave first.
Pros: Flex working
Good people
Quality benefits, recently women can now take 4 months maternity leave
Can purchase for 40 hours vacation extra

Cons: The Shell Sarnia Leadership Team is one of the worst I've ever seen over my entire career, very disorganized and treat "SOME" of there employees like garbage.
Advice: Treat all employees, staff and contractors with respect! Stop the backstabbing and favoritism. The moral on site is extremely poor, the worst I've seen it in 13 years.
Pros: Shell Global is an amazing company to work for.

Cons: lack of leadership in the market, sometimes the management seems lost and they copy other companies, it is lack of personality in their decisions.
Advice: avoid trends, transform Shell in the company used to be in 1972-80s. Be more agile on decisions, avoid being the government and became the company you can be.
Pros: Salary, culture, principles, safety, teamwork

Cons: This is a EU company, biased to EU employees. All senior management are from EU or with EU degree, no career path or growth opportunity for US employee at all.  It is funny that to claim diversify and inclusive, Shell promote many women faster even though they are not capable.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and decent pay.

Cons: Large company sometimes undervalues employees. Budget cut. Not equivalent hourly pay compared to outside smaller companies.
Advice: Boost pay and incentives. Try to accommodate more to the area in regards to pay, benefits etc. California workers should not have the same wage as employees in Texas. (Cost of living)
Pros: High focus on safety, Good annuity and 401 K plan/contribution.

Cons: Management tended to normalize poor performance and didn't seem to recognize need to push innovation.  

Very reliant (at the time) on central technology organization to lead improvement efforts (justify overhead?).  Difficult time bringing in higher qualified 3rd party contractors who could complete projects faster/cheaper/better
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits.  
Professional workplace in regards to respecting diversity and inclusion

Cons: Too bureaucratic
Only favors a select few as annual review process doesn't work properly
Very difficult to stay in a role for a longer time period
Advice: Start leading and stop managing
Pros: The benefits are great which helps offset the stifling bureaucracy
The people you work with are very smart and professional

Cons: Politics, culture and processes slow things down too much
Advice: Listen to staff more and implement ideas that you hear
Need to change the old ways of doing things to become more agile and flexible
Pros: Smart people, great benefits, serious about winning in the marketplace

Cons: Single cog in a huge machine.  Didn't have a full understanding of what was getting in to.
Advice: None
Pros: If you're okay being part of a very large company, then you'll be fine.  Great salary, benefits, perks, and name recognition.  On the trade floor so get to be a part of the action.

Cons: Slow, bureaucratic, inefficient, badly managed. Constantly changing the strategy and focus of the organisation. Always one step behind “cutting edge” companies
Advice: Clearly identify your strategy
Pros: Global company with a good name behind it. Travel experience and smart co workers. Focussed on safety. Good overall benefits but getting eroded year on year

Cons: Sometimes the big boss didnt communicate as much as they should.
Advice: Just do your job and always ask questions because if you make any misunderstood mistake you will get a write up
Pros: Great environment and awesome customers.  I had a great schedule and was able to still attend to my family.

Cons: Absolutely terrible Leadership/Supervisors. If you want to feel like you're being babysat, you'll love it here with Shell. And if you love working in a cut throat Leadership, you'll love working for Shell.
Advice: It's a liberal company they wouldn't take my advice.
Pros: Benefits are average for a company of this size.

Cons: Bunches ppl have worked at Shell more then 20-30 years
Hard to change the way they work
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary
401k match get better and better every 5 years
stock purchase plan from Shell offers 15% discount
insurance plan provide several options
Bonus is around 10% depends on personal and company yearly performance

Cons: Experienced high level employees lured by high pay but known problem with retention beyond first assignment with no internal support.
Advice: Honest upfront with poor retention rate.  Keep good support for new hires it works well.
Pros: Good to have on your resume and good training.  Very much about relationships.

Cons: Management did poor job of developing employees. Didn't do a good job of building the team. More interested in their own advancement and not taking responsibility for issues that affected the team performance. Employee training seriously lacking.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay. Opportunity to work individually. Flexible schedule.

Cons: Processes, processes, processes. Creative thinking is encouraged, but must be done within the infinite bounds of processes
Career progression is somewhat passive aggressive. Everyone wears a smile, but some are dubious. Compared to Exxon’s more “aggressive” career progression
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, and job security
Huge projects, virtually unlimited opportunities

Cons: Takes a long time to make a decision.
Advice: Continue to streamline work process and eliminate unnecessary work process.
Pros: Work schedule flexibility.  Great Benefits!

Cons: Recruitment hires talented people, but is unable to retain them due to Shell's poor culture. There is a LOT of room for leaner operations and processes
Advice: Give autonomy and independence to new hires.
Pros: great pay and benefits, decent job security

Cons: Seem to have reorgs every 3 years
Not Diverse enough in Sr Management and Line Management roles
Top Heavy in some positions
Advice: Create a more inclusive environment
Need more Diversity in management and team lead roles in the Americas
Pros: Great Pay and Benefits
Big Organization
Excellent Tools and Resources

Cons: If you like working with insecure Trump wannabe executives with over inflated fragile egos then you've come to the right place.
Advice: I already stated my advice.
Pros: Good benefits and a majority of the employees are friendly and personable.

Cons: None really, other than middle management need to step it up!
Advice: Middle management need to get caught up with the present and resist from doing things the "ole school way"
Pros: Benefits are top class.
Pay scale is competitive.
Work environment is ok
Diversity in the workplace.

Cons: Job security, work at Shell is done on projects.  When the project ends it is difficult to find a new project to work on.
Advice: Better job security will yield better team on complex deep water projects
Pros: Great pay and retirement benefits

Cons: Work is sometimes monotonous, difficult to meter out to different employees. Sometimes when team is resource constrained the hours can be very long.
Advice: None
Pros: Cushy, good pay, smart people, and you get to see how mega oil and gas projects work

Cons: Americans are most expensive to employee across the globe, so company is trying to reduce US based staff to save $.
Advice: Keep focusing on the stock price - get past $80 and keep it there.
Pros: Can have a long, interesting and lucrative career.

Cons: Too many undeserved hirings/promotions for the sake of diversity. Extremely subjective bonus determinations. Targeting youth and eliminating experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Flexible work schedule in certain groups. Safety 1st culture. Many departments to potentially work in. Self driven development.

Cons: General dangerous attitude is that they  are  ahead of the competition.
Advice: Keep it up, you are the best
Pros: 1. Work with very well educated colleagues
2. Good technical work still beats politics
3. Helpful management and HP

Cons: Hated being left alone, hated doing trash that pretty well cover's it
Advice: Never stick just one person on a shift
Pros: Around many people, great conversation, new friends, learn something new every day, discover something about yourself you weren't aware of.

Cons: Extremely Political in nature.  Performance extremely subjective and determined mostly by likability and relationship with line manager.
Advice: Improve Performance Review Process.  Become more objective in ranking.
Pros: Work Life Balance (dependant on role), Compensation, Upward Mobility, Benefits

Cons: They will over work you and its hard to get any type of pay raise
Advice: Listen more to your employees and understand there a little more about family life
Pros: They will give you the hour's and always got some friendly coworkers

Cons: mediocre pay, limited upwards mobility, sometimes inconsistant hours
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back management, easy work, pleasent working expereience. Loved working there and never felt stressed about coming to work or about making the boss angry

Cons: Inescapable social order behaviors promote groupthink, and impedes early innovation and success.
Advice: Clear differentiation between managers and leaders, and fewer of both.  Human resources should serve all.
Pros: Very competitive salary. Industry leading benefits.

Cons: When a unhappy customer comes an yells at me
Advice: I love my job love the  activity’s and the people I work with
Pros: I always make sure everything is stocked and I always have a positive attitude

Cons: disorganized and political; downturn in the industry has significantly hampered career advancement
Advice: strive for value to the company over personal agendas or turfs
Pros: takes care of employees, good pay, good work life balance

Cons: Shift work, 12 hr days and nights switching each shift.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, Pension, 401K, Union.  With the 12 hr shift work you get 7 days off in a row each  month.

Cons: Despite a successful internship, was unable to get hired on full time.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell hires the brightest scientists and engineers. Everyone was always accessible and willing to help answer my questions.

Cons: Limited working locations.  Contractors replaced by Shell employees
Advice: None
Pros: Family oriented. Employees are cared for.  Safety program is amazing. There is never-ending opportunity to learn and advance.

Cons: Management is encouraging internal competition between colleagues, so instead of customer passion, it is becoming obsessive with office politics, in-crowd, and other internal affairs.
Advice: None
Pros: Very professional company, well respected, and safety oriented

Cons: The Euro-centric management can really suck the will to live right out of you.
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation and the people are awesome for the most part

Cons: high stress job with high compensation - no pain no gain!
Advice: None
Pros: Great people - benefits, pay, work conditions, training

Cons: Big organization, sometimes things move slow.
Advice: Learn from other industries and competitors
Pros: Great place to work, knowledgeable and nice people to work with.  Great planning for future company grow.

Cons: Very demanding sometimes; Managers are not all that well qualified; Office politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to work on different types of projects; work schedule is flexible.

Cons: will create situations to ensure that a negative performance is given, then they lay-off
Advice: hire people not based on politics but on competence
Pros: Great pay if you are working

Cons: The emphasis on safety is sometimes not practical and can actually make things more unsafe.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is probably one of the better employers when it comes to Shipping.

Cons: Strict rules can also not be the best at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people. Strict rules to make sure the right people are working for the company and they know basic safety.

Cons: Slow moving, bureaucratic, a lot of politics
Advice: Don't just stay in your corner office, come and talk to working level people and understand what they really think
Pros: Big organization, strong brand name

Cons: There are none.  Amazing company to work for.
Advice: Continue doing what they are currently doing.
Pros: Great benefits.  Great pay.  Amazing, diverse work environment.

Cons: Generally slower growth as you have to go through application process to get a new role
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, cares for employees, great pay and benefits

Cons: Changes often.  Hard to get comfortable in role.
Advice: Improve change management
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits. Great people to work with. Great work life balance

Cons: Work morale is currently low due cost cutting measures and reduction in staff.  Lack of job security
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good salary

Cons: Not enough employees and alot of work
Advice: Don't stretch your employees to their max
Pros: The people were great that I worked with

Cons: Consensus-driven culture can impede decision-making, heavily matrixed organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative company culture, competent and friendly colleagues, excellent benefits

Cons: Msnagement doesn't usually come around unless there is a problem. Financials aren't looked at well
Advice: Psy attention to your enployees
Pros: Customers, pay, schedule, benefits and training

Cons: process-oriented, too many touch points sometimes
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Global, true to their EVP, work-life balance,

Cons: Well there's some farting going on.
Advice: Seek former employees if you need some help.
Pros: Well there a great company.

Cons: Frequent reorganizations and RIFs due to Oil and Gas boom and bust cycle
Advice: None
Pros: People, Salaries, Benefits, Work-Life Balance,  Employee Perks

Cons: Not as visible as you should be when on field assignments.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, training, working with extremely talented people & great benefits.

Cons: Dealing with the public is not always a good experience
Advice: Do more cleaning on some of the more major equipment
Pros: Happy environment and great co-workers

Cons: This employer did not have any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: They had good pay and great benefits!  They also offered a flexible work schedule.

Cons: There are no down sides to working there
Advice: Todd Stromain keep up the good work
Pros: Great company good benefit excellent group of workers

Cons: Layoffs and neurotic  work environment
Advice: None
Pros: High salary, excellent relocation package, 9/80 schedule

Cons: Big company,  things move slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, lots of flexibility and options.

Cons: too many efforts to improve work procedure....which eventually defeat the purpose
Advice: None
Pros: work/life balance, diversity, inclusion, innovation

Cons: Lower and middle managers do notunderstand what there employees do. Work there employees very hard and long hours and do not compensate nor provide comp time. No such thing as work life balance, you are owned by the company.
Advice: Let your employees work and stop worrying about the unnecessary things.
Pros: Pay, benefits, career opportunities, very diverse

Cons: Not that I am aware of
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Excellent 401k, pension and Bonus/Reward system. 2. Management team is nice and professional.

Cons: big wave change during low-oil price period
Advice: always keep an eye outside
Pros: lots of different projects to build my experience

Cons: Job security, frequent changes, cyclical industry
Advice: Keep engagement with internal and external stakeholders
Pros: Good benefits, good working environment, global player, diversity, dynamic

Cons: too much over time on multiple projects
Advice: realistic project expectations need to be established
Pros: the People who i worked with were great

Cons: If its busy be prepared to work past your time off.
Advice: None
Pros: A plus for people that like face paced environment.

Cons: I don't think there are any cons for this organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional work environment and amazing mentorship

Cons: IT decision making moved to den Haag and general IT staff off-shored to Bangalore.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, and good pay.  Very knowledgeable co-workers

Cons: pay not very high but can impove
Advice: promote me, ang me more pay
Pros: the best place to work

Cons: Shell has no cons when working as an engineer
Advice: None
Pros: amazing and great service / benefits

Cons: Appraisal process. Demoralizing if not identified as high potential.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Good people. Good company culture.

Cons: Process sometime too complexes and burocratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company with a lot of opportunities to grow professionally and personally.

Cons: Worked alone and can't be trained for all scenarios that arise.
Advice: None
Pros: Good amount of down time and opportunities to move up.

Cons: Too many re-orgs within the company
Advice: Minimize the number of re-orgs
Pros: They still have a pension benefit

Cons: Customers can be very rude
Advice: None
Pros: Ran into some problems as manager but overall doable.

Cons: kind of slow decision making process due to its big size
Advice: Improve decision making process.
Pros: Very well technically manage company

Cons: too frequent reorganization leading to emotional stress in the workforce
Advice: Improve business unit integration
Pros: the pay compares to contemporaries

Cons: Too many processes &amp; HR runs the company
Advice: None
Pros: Wide range of portfolio
Many opportunities

Cons: Cut throat atmosphere, not diverse
Advice: Life safety rules are over the top
Pros: Personal growth, benefits, insurance, company lunches

Cons: over worked at time not given full info to do jod at times
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and good working conditions

Cons: Large company and can become a number
Advice: None
Pros: Solid Company with some decent promotion opportuinties

Cons: Opportunities were decreasing by the time I left
Advice: None
Pros: Nice culture, global exposure when I started, good WL balance

Cons: Pay wasn't that great for the work that was done
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the environment and the relationships that were made with customers

Cons: bureaucratic at times
Advice: None
Pros: Working culture, strong leadership, various job opportunities, learning and development, salary and benefits

Cons: Bureaucracy
Frequent organizational changes
Work Life Balance (Depending on Business Entity)
Advice: None
Pros: International Company 
Opportunities for Growth
Culture
Work Life Balance (Depending on Business Entity)

Cons: Nothing special for the cons.
Advice: N/A
Pros: I enjoyed working at Monterey Park Shell Gas Station.

Cons: Lots of bureaucracy to get anything approved
Advice: None
Pros: Best training in the industry, awesome benefits

Cons: Not enough employee's an need new management
Advice: Need to upgrade
Pros: Very busy made the days go fast

Cons: Long hours during busy season
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for family and good compensation plan

Cons: There are many processes
Advice: None
Pros: There are plenty of processes and guidelines to help with workload

Cons: Do Busy Work, Long Days
Advice: None
Pros: Good Hours, Nice and Caring Managers, Flexible Schedule, Fair Policies.

Cons: Sometimes slow decision making and bureaucracy.
Advice: Could push more towards diversity.
Pros: Walk the talk, great values.

Cons: pay hours company wages training
Advice: pay more than 7.25 an hr
Pros: people workers breaks location point system

Cons: Some jobs were more challenging than others
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, great benefits, challenging job, loved the schedule

Cons: The people that come trough the doors aren't always nice.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great company very clean.

Cons: politics, politics, politics, politics and politics
Advice: get rid of the dead heads
Pros: Benefits , pay, schedule and opportunities

Cons: nothing of importance to report
Advice: None
Pros: very fair excellent to work for

Cons: A lot of  work hours
Advice: None
Pros: It’s  not bad just you work too many hours

Cons: Internal politics  and too much change
Advice: Listen to your people
Pros: Sakarya, benefits and plenty of work

Cons: Career progression is a little slow.
Advice: Continue to become more agile
Pros: Compensation and benefits are great!

Cons: There were no cons about this job
Advice: None
Pros: It was a really good company to work for

Cons: Cleaning gas station bathrooms.Getting promotions and pay raises is hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Works well with students. Decent hours.

Cons: bad owners  with attitude and loud voices
Advice: quit
Pros: good income  and awesome co-workers

Cons: no cons for the time I worked for
Advice: None
Pros: good company, good compensation and benefit package

Cons: Boring job, Houston isn't all that great to live in
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits were great

Cons: Lots of jobs offshored to keep company competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, nice work life balance

Cons: Too much free time and not enough to do
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of free time and freedom

Cons: Shell has laid off many Americans and have outsourced their jobs to India! Shell management is uncaring, and extremely snobish towards its contractors!
Advice: Hire more Americans and realize that just because you're management that doesn't make you any better than your employees!
Pros: They do have some Americans

Cons: Coworkers are not team player
Advice: Nice person, works with you.
Pros: Nice place to work.

Cons: face pump receipt problem some time
Advice: None
Pros: Shell make sure about the customer service and cleaning

Cons: Less responsibility at super majors
Advice: None
Pros: Welcoming place to work with intelligent people to train

Cons: Politics salary benefits pressure slow decisions
Advice: Improve the benefits for locals
Pros: Training  technology procedures standards people

Cons: The position is not long-term, except for several guys,
Advice: None
Pros: It is a leading oil company

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture and startup like feel.

Cons: Dependable of Oil Price and geographic location
Advice: None
Pros: International & Cross-Business opportunities for young employees

Cons: Coworkers, Working the night the night shift
Advice: Listen to your coworkers
Pros: Flexibility, Fun, Discount, Food, Drama

Cons: bureaucratic, few empowerment, constant changing
Advice: keep your focus
Pros: good benefits, flexible working hours

Cons: Short hours not always but sometimes
Advice: Hmm be good
Pros: It was fun a lot

Cons: Overload work, sometime it is very stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive environment, friendly people, customer-oriented focus

Cons: Large company, workload, red tape
Advice: More chiefs, not enough indians
Pros: Competittive pay, retirement, benefits package

Cons: Long hours. Poor work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Wide variety of career options

Cons: Work 365 days a year
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, schedule. Vacation benefits 401k plus retirement pension

Cons: A bit unorganized at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere and very helpful

Cons: Very Competitive for job roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities for a top tier company.

Cons: Nothing is really bad in this one.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good one.

Cons: Not a nice environment..very mean people..meaning owners and crew
Advice: Be very nice but very stearn ..people have to follow rules..
Pros: Their was none to speak of.

Cons: Big company, very centralised, micromanagedd
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, lots  of benefits.

Cons: Too much reorganization, not as stable as before, bad management
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, reputable company

Cons: Work and life balance sucks
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits with retirement

Cons: Some customers, some prices, its ok
Advice: Be nice
Pros: I like the chester chicken

Cons: Too much bureaucracy at shell
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome place to work

Cons: Low pay and no benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Get to meet different people

Cons: Some locations are remote with minimal healthcare facilities.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance , great benefits

Cons: The sector is undergoing tremendous change.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, pay, and benefits

Cons: easiest job in the world
Advice: fix pumps
Pros: Good experience and worked a lot

Cons: Limited career opportunities for advancement
Advice: Enable more career opportunities
Pros: Good compensation and challenging work

Cons: Job stability should be ensured by the management
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is best up to market standards

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, advance fast

Cons: High income compare to others
Advice: None
Pros: Not much pressure, smooth job

Cons: They have layoffs every year.
Advice: None
Pros: Daily Work hours are flexible

Cons: Off shoring many jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Nice work environment.

Cons: Workload can be overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit. Good teamwork. Encouraging managers

Cons: Difficult to move between  functions
Advice: None
Pros: Provided Good Work Life Balance

Cons: Too much consensus decision making!
Advice: None
Pros: Every other Friday off with 9/80 schedule!

Cons: Slow, bureaucratic, non-alignment interests among departments
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, work life balance, 401K

Cons: It was a Dog eat dog atmosphere
Advice: None
Pros: The salary and benefits were good

Cons: No work-life balance
Deteriorating management and culture
Advice: None
Pros: Have really great benefits package

Cons: Slow to listen to comments
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours and time off

Cons: Lot of internal Politics in Shell
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance in Shell

Cons: Does not value environmental skills
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and bonus, great benefits,

Cons: Company is too politically correct
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: very big wheel to turn
Advice: None
Pros: lots of good people work here

Cons: Moving up the ladder is very difficult
Advice: None
Pros: There are lots of opportunities.

Cons: No issues recorded at all
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to go work

Cons: Many cons I be thinking
Advice: None
Pros: None as far as I can tell

Cons: lots of politics to get ahead
Advice: none
Pros: good benefits and employee programs

Cons: management. Thats really about it.
Advice: None
Pros: fun, pay, benefits, talk to new people,

Cons: upper management.  slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, time off, opportunity to travel

Cons: Management change too frequently at Shell
Advice: None
Pros: Good total comp at Shell

Cons: Long hours till quitting time
Advice: None
Pros: Easy laid back money it

Cons: Bad managers , lack of transparency
Advice: None
Pros: Great money bonus , car, hotel

Cons: work life balance: and communication
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and benefits

Cons: Pay is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility allows for more opportunities

Cons: Had only one person working at a time for each shift
Advice: Should have two workers to help keep the service fast
Pros: Good coworkers and customers and peaceful work environment

Cons: Your schedule is never the same. The owners is rude. No benefits. No overtime or time in a half. Don't call in cause then your off the schedule.
Advice: Learn how to respect your workers
Pros: The customer become like family

Cons: no work life balance. stressful
Advice: None
Pros: diverse. fun colleagues. fun activities.

Cons: Poor leadership in functional areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are good

Cons: I did no face any challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Because I need my future to be bright

Cons: It's way too political company
Advice: None
Pros: They give a nice pension

Cons: Highly unprofessional workplace, badly behaved managers,
Advice: Stop preaching one thing and do another
Pros: Reasonable pay relative to other majors

Cons: The managers are rude as ever there is no over time or promotions or even benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Networking and meeting my coworkers
