Cons: Sometimes, Shell can feel "too big," as you always seem to find a new business in Shell that you hadn't heard of no matter how long you're in the company. It's exciting, but can make it really confusing what Shell really is doing. For example - we have a digitalization and blockchain team as well as a team that works with clean tech start-ups, but it took me two years to find out these existed. I think Shell could do better at sharing, both internally and externally, what they do in the up-and-coming spaces.
Advice: Covered in the cons
Pros: I just finished a role in technical safety engineering and I really enjoyed working with my team. At first, I came into the corporate Shell office feeling like everyone was "too nice," as if people were playing the corporate ladder game like TV would suggest. However, I realized Shell tends to hire pretty genuinely nice people - when I was feeling ill one day, my boss encouraged me to take a break and head home to rest and was very lenient on me when I needed to catch up in the next week. The job was technically challenging, but the team really helped me learn and become independent as an engineer. I also had the chance to work on projects on the side that relate to emissions reduction and clean energy through one of the employee networks, and my line was quite supportive of me spending time learning about topics that interested me during my "development time."

Cons: This is a company for and run by graduates. Now graduates are species that are born in shell and die in shell ,because nobody outside takes them. If you are capable then please dont stay here for long else u will rust. Here they have copied all the nice things from other companies like "feel free to speak your mind" but if you do you will be tortured. 
Because the company runs on the philosophy steal with pride which means if you are an innovator they will steal your idea and dump you in garbage. 
Beacuse people have stayed here for so long they have no idea about ways of working in the market that even when senior people from outside are hired thier thinking ability  is killed. Infact the company is struggling to implement workday its been years and leaders only extend deadline. I guess workday should publish a case study on shell for how long it is taking and there are many examples. 
The europeans treat employees  like slaves ..they do this very smartly...so your existance in shell depends on your counties passport...lol. 

Oh my god ..i spend some of the worst years of my career here thank god i am out of this silent hell called shell.
Advice: Please hire some senior members from the industry else this company is on its way to hell
Pros: If you career is going nowhere and you need good money for doing nothing then this is the best place. If you are a yes man never oppose to anything are manupulative highly political with an agenda...boy you have a great career at shell

Cons: Typical corporate culture of taking a while to get things done, nothing bad though.
Advice: None
Pros: I got placed in the Retail organization and loved it. Lots of emphasis on growth, learning and improvement. Love Shell, they really care about you as an employee. Definitely recommend!!

Cons: Shell is divesting in some of the smaller manufacturing plants, so choose the location wisely to not get sold to another company in a few years.
Shell hires future leaders and values leadership skills over technical skills for graduate hires out of school. Only problem is not everyone can become managers so there's a bit of mismatch between who HR hires, and who the managers want to be hired. Shell needs more people who want to have a technical career and stay engineers.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. 9/80 schedule, flexible start and end time for the day, and one of the best maternity and paternity time off in the US. 
High pay and good benefits. 401K match program and pension. 
They hire you for the long run. It's very difficult to get into Shell, but once you're in, they invest in you and you can have a long career with them. The turnover rate is much lower than other companies.
Shell is an energy company and is investigating in climate friendly energy sources. Much more than oil and gas, Shell agrees with global warming and has a plan to help.

Cons: The company has off-shored so many jobs, making for inefficient processes and communication. Leadership needs to be deeper in the weeds to see this.

There are lots of great leaders but some who are clearly out for themselves and treat others with complete disrespect. Understandable in a booming environment, but when employees are already working 2-3 jobs, not the best strategy to demoralize them further.
Advice: If you want to have an aggressive growth agenda, then don't cut headcount at the same time.

If you want to be viewed as a progressive company that focuses on D&amp;I and mental health, then get rid of leaders who are more focused on their own career ascension than the well-being of employees and long-term sustainability of the company. 

Good employees will leave if they are not treated right - don't take them for granted.
Pros: Good people to work with, challenging and stimulating work, good benefits.

Cons: Offices are open concept cubicles for all but the most senior leaders (top 0.5%).  

If you are a white male, your advancement will be severely limited due to the HR policies that are supposed to promote more females and minorities. Most males will top out at JG3 because of the extra efforts required in the name of diversity. This has resulted in many middle managers being in over their head and this will ultimately lead to serious failure(s) at some point.
Advice: Have some 1 on 1 meetings with the people that are know the systems and facilities.  Your middle managers are sugar coating most of what you are seeing and hearing.
Pros: Salaries at Shell are great and the benefits are competitive in the industry.  

Offices in Houston are very nice and modern.  

Great bonus program!

Cons: While you get "credit" for previous experience as it pertains to vacation, you "restart" when it comes to pension and 401k contribution seniority. The good news is the programs are semi-competitive, and only get better / surpass the competition as time goes on.
Advice: None
Pros: I recently started at Shell and have been amazed day after day by the multitude of opportunities and businesses Shell is involved in. Not only does the company offer a great work  / life balance and competitive compensation, but they encourage movement to other groups / disciplines throughout your career. I came to Shell for options and opportunities throughout the energy business and world, boy do they deliver! 

The interview process was also easy and Shell communicated with me throughout the entire process. No other outfits I had previously applied or worked with offered the same level of communication they did. Whether you are in serious consideration for a position, or they are looking elsewhere, you will be notified of the decision. Very respectful to applicants.

Cons: As you can expect from a gas station job, the work station is pretty filthy. The overwhelming majority of the work is trying to keep up with the store's cleanliness. For whatever reason, gas stations seem to attract grime and gunk, and you never seem to get ahead of it.  The worst part in my opinion, however, was the ugly amount of bureaucracy. There's always some corporate man in sunglasses lurching over your shoulder, judging your job. Because of this extra amount of stress, the job is a total revolving door, where almost nobody seems to last a year without quitting. That certainly was the case for me.
Advice: Don't send hicks in cowboy hats &amp; sunglasses to come in and bark everyone around. It never works, and just makes the existing employees leave sooner.
Pros: At the station I worked at, the employees as well as the manager were very close knit &amp; friendly. The job is not one of hard manual labor, and of course doesn't require much hard thinking.

Cons: Management is full of lip-service. Work-life balance is a joke. Over-emphasis on the petty issues gets in the way of actually doing good for the company by the employees. There is no forward thought or encouragement at all levels to think about new technology or strategies for a future. Management wants to pinch pennies but yet will tend to over-spend on "growth" projects or are otherwise stuck in technology 10-20 years old. No room for innovative thought; go-along to get-along.
Advice: None
Pros: Colleagues are great to work with, and generally everyone is good at collaborating, even between sites and departments. Benefits are generally quite good if not to say even generous.

Cons: Staff and newer management generally lack business/economics understanding &amp; practice, cut-throat and success mostly depends if you land on the right asset/field, extreme politics during oil price drop/bust and priority given to European &amp; inexperienced/new hires at the expense of US citizens &amp; experienced staff.   Lay-offs were above 50%  in Upstream/E&amp;P side in New Orleans office based on last numbers I had access to before I stopped caring to track .
Advice: Pay attention to the extreme inexperience liability/process safety risk given the massive amount of experienced individual contributors laid-off.
Pros: Development, broad opportunities, technical practice/roles, and above average transparent promotion when oil price is high.

Cons: The company is a shadow of its former self. No longer the industry technical leader it was for decades. Benefits greatly reduced from previous years and continue to shrink. US workforce less diverse than it was 20 years ago. Constant reorganizations mean always having to find a new job or fighting to keep the one you just got.
Advice: Rebuild leadership development and skillpool management for the 21st century. Go back to believing yourself and your staff.
Pros: Amazing talent. Staff are smarter and more interesting than you even realize. Company brand is legendary the world over. Job opportunities are truly global if you have the interest and the ambition.

Cons: Highly Political. Worst onboarding for new employees I have ever seen, paired with the most complex HR system.
Advice: Get your house in order. Simple things would vastly improve life as a new employee. Maybe think about an onboarding guide that’s timely (not 6mos after joining) and A) accurate and up to date, B) complete with links and information on benefits that is exhaustive, accurate and up to date, and C) doesn’t require selection of benefits in order to see price of benefits. The lack of transparency in benefit election is seen throughout every single department and most interpersonal interactions
Pros: Great benefits. Cool work. Pays well.

Cons: The company allocates so many chairs for employment---make you rotate globally every 3-4 years or less--when they have to downsize after they purchase an asset for $60Billion and need to reduce debt- they reduce those chairs for employment ---  if there were 10 slots and reduce t 5 ----now 10 employees need to fight for only 5 positions so guess what---you get a package. Enjoy...wrong HR model. Also, grades have been reduced to handle more responsibility through their downsizing and HR use to rule SHELL---but not anymore---moving forward.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay - benefits but benefits have been reducing drastically as well as pay due to BG pressure 3 years back

Cons: Too many reorganizations, too many people put into roles that are not suited to them, have to be in the tight leadership clique in order to really advance. Too much offshoring going on.
Advice: Cut back on the number of reorganizations (constantly reshuffling people around does not solve root issues). Pay more attention and focus on those people who truly are really good at what they do and leverage them.
Pros: Most people are awesome, work environments are usually really great. Great pay and benefits, it really can be a great place to work.

Cons: 1) They seemed to be unfair with evaluation in terms of role assignment based on experience and qualification (esp if you have a Masters degree)
2) Several factors go into the employee evaluation which seemed tedious
3) Managers are known for Micro-Management(not all)
4) Interviews for Promotions (that's too much)
5) I believed I was not doing anything out of the box but definitely not a "waste of time"
Advice: None
Pros: 1) You will be working in one of the world-class company, a major player in the Energy industry
2) Diverse work environment
3) Lovely people
4) You might end up being in good projects if you are vigilant

Cons: It is a large company, so can be slow to change. They are changing in ways to be fit for purpose but its still a large ship to steer.
Advice: None
Pros: 19 out of 20 people are excellent. They are humble, open to questions, love teaching their experiences, will help you meet goals and are open to you moving around given you prove yourself and put in the time you originally commit to. The company is big enough to relate to people you want to relate with and leave behind those with tough personalities.

Cons: Can take awhile for decisions to be made and actions completed.   Some leaders struggle with flexible ways of working, though this is becoming the norm for many employees.   Shell wants to be master of all, versus making difficult decision to not be so many areas of value chain.
Advice: None
Pros: I'm proud to work for a company that is contributing in multiple ways to the everyday lives of people around the globe.  The overall quality of people, systems, and processes is what allows Shell to excel in many ways.

Cons: As with most customer service jobs, its usually the dealing with irate, or angry at the world customer, that can really get to you if you aren't able to deal with a high level of stress, and all at once, I mean. The ABSOLUTE WORST experience, with this company was management. I could not believe I was taking the risk of being the helpful new girl, and helped my manager out when it came to doing a shift, that was really working completely against my very strict schedule, as 3rd shift is changing my normal sleep patterns, and other very important aspects of my life outside the (9-5), and she slept over 3 hours, and barely cared to apologize, just came in and asked about what I did, and said I can leave. I was done after having so many issues being horribly trained, and thrown to the wolves for four straight weeks. If you decide to work for any company, research and look up reviews for that specific location. You don't want to work for a company that is desperate for employees, but have no real consideration for them.
Advice: I would say, reconsider the way that you choose to consider what training is. I was very disappointed to know that, Although I really wanted to excel, and have a great working experience, I wasn't able to reach my full potential for lack of effort on behalf of the management at the location I was working at.
Pros: I am definitely considered an EXTROVERT, so having interpersonal experiences with people, is usually my go to. Its great to interact with a lot of people from all over, and of course, this job wouldn't have even been worth it, if you don't have your typical "regulars". Meeting and greeting new people for the benefit of also networking, was the best part of the job.

Cons: #1 - It's Too "Corporate"

If you're looking for meaningful work at a company that's actually making a difference in the world while offering a highly energetic work environment where you're encouraged to do big things and challenge the status quo, then I'm afraid to say that you'll find your experience at Shell to be quite disappointing. That just isn't the way Shell's culture works - it's an extremely "corporate" environment. Almost everyone is there for the generous compensation. To me, that just wasn't enough - I want to make money doing meaningful work that I can be proud of. 

#2 - You Might Not Be Able To Keep Your Job

I witnessed many of my older colleagues get let go (they "retired") as part of reorgs.  Even if you've decided that the paycheck is the most important thing and that's why you want to work for Shell, you might not get to stay as long as you'd like. 

#3 - Finance Is Weak

Looking for a place where Finance is considered a true partner to the business? Where the business you support really values your opinion and wants you seated at the table with them? This isn't the place for that. There's a "I'll fill you in on what's going on once the deal is done so you can handle the administrative part" sort of mentality in the company. It is deeply embedded within the culture and from my understanding it's been that way long before I joined the company. It's hard to make an impact when the group you support views Finance this way.

#4 - It Might Conflict With Your Personal Values

I had a hard time working for a company whose core business in oil and gas contributes meaningfully to climate change. I see the company as part of the problem, not the solution. It's great to see that Shell acknowledges climate change, but there's really no substance behind it in my view. Yes, the company is investing in renewables, but at least from my perspective it seems like more of a PR stunt than anything else. The emphasis within the company is overwhelmingly on the oil and gas businesses that generate the profits.
Advice: They don't take feedback seriously, though lip service is given to it. So, I won't waste my time.
Pros: Shell is a good place for you if all you care about are pay and benefits. The culture also fosters a respectful environment, but politics at the Houston Woodcreek campus is the rule, not the exception.

Cons: This facility is separated by different departments and you are not encouraged by some of the managers to help other people from other departments. If you do, you get reprimanded and labeled as an person who is not reliable to your own department.
Advice: None
Pros: Its a great place to learn the different aspects of the supply chain from a warehouse, blending and shipping facility.  You feel like its a very safe environment and they make safety as their number one priority.

Cons: Limited options for advancement and management doesn't want employees to leave the site
Large and demanding workload
Slow decision making process and large bureaucracy
Complex and ineffective work processes to accomplish tasks
Advice: Better leverage the talent that is on site and provide more job development opportunities for your employees.  
Develop ways to get new employees opportunities outside of the refinery and into the larger organization.
Pros: Good pay and benefits
Quality department teammates and mentors
Good work environment, everyone works well together
Everyone always tries to do the right thing

Cons: They reorganize often, going from regional leadership to functional leadership and back.  Every time there is a change in top leadership, they reorganize and often make people post for jobs. This can be really stressful for all employees.
Advice: None
Pros: They honestly try to do what's best for the employees
As an HR person, I was surrounded by top HR people.  Like any place, there were some not great HR people, but they really invest in training and recruiting to provide the best possible support

Cons: Very big, very structured, and very hierarchical. Not quite a meritocracy. Little is done to foster an environment of personal ownership of your work.
Advice: Introduce an actual training program for young engineers the first 6 weeks they are on the job. Provide more ownership over project and encourage more competition between teams.
Pros: So many talented people in one place, lots of experienced folks to learn from, many opportunities to travel/work abroad that would not be available to you in a smaller company.

Cons: Inefficient at decision making, Many many layers in a matrix organization
Advice: Keep up the good work with the overall group strategy globally and in Canada. 

Would suggest trying to weave off some layers of  roles that include "excellence" this roles seem to normally create less clear outcomes and slow down delivering.
Pros: Really great people. Company is really trying to lead in the Energy Transition. Lots of great development opportunities, training, and networks.

Cons: Decision making is slow, many corporate re-orgs
Advice: Continue to challenge the status quo and lead environmental change for society
Pros: The people you work with make work truly enjoyable. Shell doesn't just preach sustainable energy, they are implementing it. Truly the most societally conscious of the  Oil &amp; Gas majors. The work is challenging and rewarding. It is very hard to get fired (you have to do something extremely wrong).

Cons: constant change, each support department (IT, HR, Finance) is outsourced
Advice: When migrating business support services away from Hub locations, there is an indirect cost of reduced productivity to engineering staff and technical support teams that must now fill in the gaps on these support services which they were not primarily hired to do. This should be considered as well as bottom line overhead charges for support staff.
Pros: great people, excellent learning opps, challenging work, supportive networks

Cons: -Constant restructuring
-Lack of HR (completely offshored) and talent management
-Poor General Management (destroys the great job A&amp;R does, folks are leaving...)
-Disarray of operating procedures/process/excellence due to constant turnover
-All roles have been downgraded (everyone is doing twice the work for less pay)
Advice: Commit to an operating model, philosophy, and stick to it.  The constant change results in lower performance and commitment from staff.
Pros: -Talented line level employees and junior leadership (A&amp;R does it job)
-Compensation
-Benefits
-Vacation

Cons: Shell has some of the general issues that I think are common in larger multi-national corporations. Conservative approach to innovation on some sites, tendency for silos to develop between work groups, animosity between work groups at some sites/locations.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell has a Challenging work environment, Motivated and Talented Workforce, Flexible Working Schedule, Great Pay and Benefits,  and Advancement Potential.

Cons: I really can't think of any cons.
Advice: Keep up the great management! It's rare to find a good boss like I had while working there.
Pros: Very friendly, and enjoyable environment.  Also kept their employees needs as their number 1 priority.

Cons: Be prepared to jump into a culture where everyone is extremely supportive and collaborative, but works really hard - which is actually great because we feed off of each other’s energy and focus.
Advice: Stay awesome!
Pros: - Small team which expedites growth and ability to lead
- Lots of opportunity to try new things
- Everyone has a voice, organization is pretty flat

Cons: Hiring and layoffs occur cyclically. Company is strategically reducing its size.
Advice: With continued loss of past benefits and less real emphasis on the staff compared to the past Shell is becoming no more attractive than any other large corporation.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Work/life balance is better than many companies.

Cons: I can’t think of one con working for Shell.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Exceptional company to work for.  I retired after over 30 years of service with Shell. I don’t believe there’s better folks to work for. They care about Safety and the environment.

Cons: Infamous for incidence of human rights abuse and oil spills.
Advice: Expand GameChanger Accelerator program to promote sustainability
Pros: Legacy of capitalizing on innovative forms of supplying fuel in a variety of mediums. Relentless demonstration of environmental remediation in response to containment disasters along with efforts to secure containment facilities.

Cons: "Process Paralysis" -- huge organization does things "by the book" which would be better handled informally.
Advice: None
Pros: Management actively supports work-life balance, e.g.: telecommuting for early/late meetings, flexible work hours, respect for family obligations.
Also worth noting is the ongoing commitment to personal and workplace safety

Cons: Felt like I was getting pigeon holed and was hard to find opportunities to learn new skills. I found the job monotonous and boring.
Advice: None
Pros: Good job security, pay, and benefits. Good if you really like networking and managing your career that way.

Cons: With the ongoing portfolio rationalization, assets that you support may be divested.
Advice: Continue on with strategy linked to the ongoing global Energy Transition.
Pros: Opportunities to move between Shell companies, locations, and lines of business.  Great benefits.  Good development opportunities for new and experienced hires.

Cons: Very big corporation, makes it difficult to make a noticeable contribution. Too many people equals slowness in making decisions, too many meetings and boxes to check.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, mostly stable and fair compared to other operators in oil and gas. Very good people to work with.

Cons: frequent lay-offs led to difficult work environment, which was avoidable given the quality people in office. 

constant rotation of leadership made it difficult to understand strategy.
Advice: have a consistent message.
Pros: good pay, good people, good assets. If you survive first few years, you will have tools to succeed in industry.

Cons: Too much politics, rates higher on “PowerPoint engineers” than solid technical, experienced ones.
Advice: Create an equalized working environment, be fair to everyone. Do NOT promote people just because they are women or LGBTs, that really hurts the people’s morals!
Pros: Relatively bigger budget and oversea opportunity, meant stable job.

Cons: Due to team structures, employees usually have to work outside of the 8am to 5pm.
However, this could be different for those close to their retirement window and just trying to make it through each day.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Health and Wellness Benefits, Tuition reimbursement with management aproval

Cons: Wrong people in management roles, nepotism and favoritism is taken into consideration before real evaluation of work performance.
Advice: Management will not take advice, they are to busy retiring and looking for another job within the system .
Pros: Benefits and training yourself on the job.

Cons: Counting all the cigarette s it's not to bad but I hated when I messed up
Advice: Doing great keep up the good work
Pros: they care about their Cashiers and have great benefits and you get raises after so long

Cons: Located in Houston - not the nicest place to live.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell was very good to me over an 17+ year career.  Reasonable, fair, and honest.  I would've stayed but had to move to Houston - no thanks.

Cons: Continual offshoring and shortsighted management decisions
Advice: Become more aware of the problems that offshoring brings rather than focusing on just labor cost savings and saying “figure it out “
Pros: Good benefits, intelligent people, global presence

Cons: Limited growth, limited assistance from management
Advice: Use the people survey to improve your jobs not secretly punish everyone.
Pros: Bagels, Breafast Burittos. Nice Job and great location. Start early and end early. Parking is included.

Cons: At this particular Shell, management has been discriminating against causation females. Hours have been cut in half overnight,  laughed at when asked for pay increase after 2 years of employment without any increase.  Only the women are too clean,  including garbage, bathroom,  the entire store,  while men stand behind the counter video chatting with friends.
Advice: Not possible in the slightest
Pros: Employees get free car washes.

Cons: Emphasis on culture many times takes precedence over performance.  Consensus based culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Well compensated, good benefits and pay.  Friendly work environment. 9/80 work schedule gives you every other Friday off.

Cons: The customers. Clean up after grown adults who cannot use the bathroom properly.
Advice: You get what you pay for, quality employees require quality pay.
Pros: At that low of a level, I can’t think of any.

Cons: Work life balance is a challenge in a global company
Advice: Continue valuing your employees!
Pros: Great working environment, challenging projects, supportive colleagues. Excellent salary and benefits.

Cons: Lack of People focus at levels below senior management
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, salary, stability, company with a vision

Cons: Satellite office hence no support staff
Advice: Helpful to have at least 1part-time assistant to follow up with in-house administrative duties
Pros: Autonomous position, semi-flexible schedule, great lines of communication between peers, management and contractors

Cons: Technology-wise, can be conservative in moving forward.  The industry is very much subject to boom-bust cycle.
Advice: None
Pros: International opportunity; working with people from all sorts of background; Good training program; opportunities for many engineering disciplines

Cons: Lots of change led by inept middle managers
Advice: promote the natural leaders rather than those that have to read a book to learn how to treat people fairly
Pros: Opportunities to learn from others

Cons: I can not find any , but if have to, then it is related to the entire oil gas industry that seems in the transitional time
Advice: None
Pros: shell has a very wonderful work-life balance

Cons: Older employees do not get the same advancement opportunities as younger staff.
Advice: Need to review and revise talent management policies and practices.
Pros: Inclusive and diverse, respectful, good safety principles.

Cons: Behaviors of people and also tolerating misunderstanding
Advice: Find employers from Africa because they need to change their life
Pros: Find so many kinds of persons and learn something useful from them

Cons: slow advancement, long assignments, and as with all jobs, experience depends on direct management and team.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, salary, benefits, and opportunities if you take advantage

Cons: Process paralysis at times. Beginning to shift more and more away from performing technical work in-house.
Advice: None
Pros: Great, intelligent staff. Global brand and reach. Great work-life balance. Strong development program and career-ladder.

Cons: This is a large, matrixed organization that new employees could find hard to navigate.
Advice: None
Pros: The people! The experiences. The international opportunities. Very good compensation in the U.S.

Cons: - not easy in business breakthrough
- more competitive than earlier years
Advice: None
Pros: - friendly enviroment and supportive atmosphere
- very stable business and mature management
- work life balance well

Cons: Terrible management in operations.
Advice: Stop just favoring your own kind...or people who look like you.
Pros: Great benefits. Merr some food pe3who become like family.

Cons: Their was a lot of theft by the homeless
Advice: Clean up the parking lot
Pros: It was convenient and I enjoyed the customers

Cons: they sell people along with the asset and don't give packages. also the graduate program is confusing and not structured.
Advice: None
Pros: safety and people relationships are highly valued

Cons: Consistency between supervisors and departments - but luckily all follow over arching guidelines and policies.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility 
9/80 schedule
Support by supervisors
Challenging work
Varied assignments
Move within company

Cons: European run company is great for quality of life but leadership is lacking.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay extremely well and nice work life balance.

Cons: - Politics are stifling
- Human Resources is very distant and non-supportive of employee
- Not easy to move across functions
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits
- Training and certifications are paid for and encouraged

Cons: The full range of benefits are not really explained to you, but you figure it out by yourself eventually.
Advice: None
Pros: Stress free environment
Everyone is extremely helpful
Great work/life balance

Cons: Not enough room to grow in the company
Advice: Should look more in to Promoting with in the company instead of outside
Pros: A lot of work for for you to do

Cons: Need to review salary more often
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic relationship  with co workers , great environment   comfortable and safe  work place

Cons: Retirement medical is average for employees with more than 5+ years but less than ~15.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is competitive and benefits are great.  Flexible work schedule

Cons: There is need for robust work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Shell takes excellent care of their employees holistic development and has an excellent compensation package.

Cons: My hours are unstable, and there are poor communication skills between employers and employees.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are nice, and caring.

Cons: European corporate culture takes some getting used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is high, but much of the IT risk work has been moved to India.

Cons: Work life balance, doing more with less is my biggest drawback
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is outstanding and plenty of overtime is available

Cons: Talk people,clean area,priceless,money stocking closing shop helping people
Advice: Good worker
Pros: Steady work schedule need job for my family support.

Cons: Limited finance positions remaining in the US.
Advice: None.  They do what they do.
Pros: Great location in the Energy Corridor.

Cons: Slow, long distance, sometimes crazy customers,
Advice: I love working here. It's a clean store
Pros: Good pay, good co workers, good time, good hour, nice area.

Cons: Decisions can be made slowly with lots of red tape to get through
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, good benefits, wide variety of opportunities, good benefits

Cons: Constant layoffs.  Bias in ratings.  Treat new hires better than tenured employees.
Advice: Trim yourselves not the staff.
Pros: Salary, benefits, medical, educational reimbursement.

Cons: 50 hrs per week
Communication not good from corp
Advice: Listen to your store mgr. They are out in the field everyday
Pros: They pay their managers good

Cons: Low staffed, unreliable coworkers, need better pay
Advice: Get more reliable employees
Pros: Nice owners, Great environment, Well Maintained organized

Cons: Not hire new graduate geophysicst
Advice: I can be the best employer on the history of company don't let me go
Pros: Number one in the exploration field

Cons: Price of employee medical insurance is outrageous.
Advice: Look into partnering with other companies for group health rates.
Pros: Order and cleanliness has been fantastic.

Cons: Data science in oil industry is at the very beginning stage. Few mentoring at this aspect.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit. Good work life balance.

Cons: its who you know! not what you know
Advice: get into the skills performance
Pros: good pay and vacations and time off

Cons: No teamwork efforts
Not enough hours
Advice: Keep a closer eye on small town business owners owners & mgmt.
Pros: Fast paced. Get to work with public

Cons: Big Organization easy to feel lost
Advice: No advice
Pros: Great Place to work from benefits to salary to work life balance

Cons: Balance of life versus the hours.
Advice: Allow for more opinionated transition to be reviewed.
Pros: There training and ability to hire within.

Cons: Need to work with different groups in all of the world
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits; a lot of job opportunities around the world

Cons: Sometimes overloaded with work or pushed with more work
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, Great Benefits and you will amazing career Progression

Cons: Bloated staff, hard to crack leadership, diversity isn't always sought after
Advice: None
Pros: Most orgs care about employees as people, work life balance can exist

Cons: I don't have any cons for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment.  Treat employees well.

Cons: It's like any other fortune 500 company, be a top performer to excel in your career.
Advice: None
Pros: Top employer in the industry.

Cons: Process Driven, can be impersonal
Advice: None
Pros: Great projects, good people , solid systems and processes in place

Cons: lower salary than my friends working  for competitors
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance.  flexible work schedule

Cons: No challenges just obstacles. Strong
Advice: Reward profitability
Pros: Fun Friendly Family Environment . Happy

Cons: none of any significance to complain about
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and growth opportunities

Cons: I do not have any cons to report
Advice: Great Job!
Pros: Grow, Learn, Listen, People, Flexibility, Benefits

Cons: More training for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic supportive people. Vibrant office.

Cons: Project development system is complicated.
Advice: None
Pros: National/International Oil industry recognize worldwide.

Cons: None so far for me.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good environment to learn and grow.

Cons: The people, the pay, the work, the drama.
Advice: Need to stop the favoritisms.
Pros: The schedule was okay and manageable.

Cons: Pay is minimum wage and there is minimal upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, friendly management, interesting customers

Cons: Bad pay and company did not like me
Advice: None
Pros: Great job but it was time for me to go

Cons: Sometimes you can feel overwhelmed by the size of the place
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice work environment and equal treatment

Cons: Have to work hard to get hours
Advice: Good company
Pros: Great job I wish I still worked there

Cons: Shoveling snow in winter
People try to haggle
Advice: None
Pros: Good regulars
Good cash handling experience

Cons: - Low hourly rate
- Formal uniform
Advice: None
Pros: - Great introduction into restaurant industry
- Friendly coworkers
- Responsible management
- Great tips

Cons: low pay need better pay
Advice: pay your employees they are human
Pros: working outside rain snow is fun

Cons: Limited leadership involvement during my tenure at the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Workers care about the work being done

Cons: Customer service may not be for everyone
No ability for advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Hours
Steady work duties
No quota

Cons: Hard to make huge impact in small company
Advice: None
Pros: Safety culture, high compensation, nice people

Cons: Poor middle management, poor forced rankings, slow cog
Advice: None
Pros: Smart atmosphere, great upper management

Cons: No room for growth, and  bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits   Hours and work life balance

Cons: Bureaucracy, office politics, hard to get decisions from management
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, competitive salary, bonus

Cons: There was a lot of redtape
Advice: None
Pros: It was pleasant enough and predicable for energy company

Cons: constant reorgs and offshoring of jobs
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great training,

Cons: More structure is going to be required for incoming.
Advice: None
Pros: Great friendly environment, more laid-back.

Cons: Low wage bot room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment great place to work

Cons: No benefits were offered. Not much room to advance
Advice: None
Pros: Nice family business. Loved the regular customers.

Cons: Being in control. Of running register.
Advice: Being curtiuse  to customers.
Pros: Learning more about the position

Cons: - Slow to make decisions
Advice: None
Pros: - Care for people
- Diversity and inclusion
- Growth opportunities

Cons: Workload not evenly shared, high leaders didn't listen.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation was great with awesome team.

Cons: Slow paced and boring at times
Advice: None
Pros: I liked the culture and the people i worked with

Cons: frequent travel to remote places
Advice: None
Pros: interesting projects and great pay

Cons: Who you know is how you rise
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and global opportunities

Cons: Nothing bad to say here
Advice: None
Pros: Strong, organised company with a future strategy

Cons: sometimes annoying and kind of meh
Advice: get better
Pros: very convenient amd liking to my taste

Cons: too much uncertainty. Reorg plus reorg plus reorg...never ending
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good benefits,  good people

Cons: Nothing to really complain about
Advice: None
Pros: Really enjoyed being in this plant. Everyone was friendly

Cons: Poor communication skills with management
Advice: None
Pros: Off on the weekend PTO time

Cons: Little to no growth in the foreseeable future
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for

Cons: I did not find any
Advice: None
Pros: good for cashier and store management experience

Cons: You must be multitask person
Advice: None
Pros: The most important issue in shell is human

Cons: do not value new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, 9/80 work schedule

Cons: becoming less friendly to work for
Advice: None
Pros: benefits and pension is good

Cons: nothing stands out as a con
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work
good benefits

Cons: no issues at this job
Advice: None
Pros: Great Hours and great pay

Cons: relocation so that my position was elimianted.
Advice: None
Pros: challenging work in a challenging environment

Cons: Lots of politics and games
Advice: None
Pros: Good training and benefits. Strong Leadership

Cons: none that i can think of
Advice: None
Pros: impressive culture, inspiring, comfortable and great

Cons: Low Salary, package is pretty light
Advice: More money
Pros: Good Benefits and good company overall

Cons: Worked long hours to meet company needs
Advice: None
Pros: they had great benefits program

Cons: No cons to report on.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work; great culture

Cons: Fewer upward mobile jobs due to offshoring
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great.

Cons: Hours were inconvenient for most people
Advice: None
Pros: Set your own work schedule

Cons: Nothing much to report here
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and also good location

Cons: Bad hours no time for family
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay but pay biweekly

Cons: Process driven, slow progression, volatile industry
Advice: None
Pros: Breadth, exposure, colleagues, technology, global company

Cons: None, that come to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits at this company.

Cons: Sometimes unreasonable hours and no overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible  schedule and nice environment

Cons: working alone at night
Advice: None
Pros: discounts, discounts, discounts, discounts, and discounts

Cons: culture is good have all you need
Advice: None
Pros: good to work with shell

Cons: long hours and night, no upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: schedule can be flexible sometimes

Cons: the job was generally boring
Advice: None
Pros: i worked a lot of flexible hours,

Cons: Slow processes and slow management
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance

Cons: Slow in adapting to change
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: They have double standards on there safety
Advice: None
Pros: They act like they care

Cons: No breAks slow people and
Advice: None
Pros: Good money good location on

Cons: Management, Pay, and Schedule is terrible
Advice: Management needs more training with ppl skills
Pros: The Benefits are pretty good

Cons: Too many to name. Nasty store
Advice: Get it together
Pros: Weekly pay is the only pro

Cons: HR runs company, everything outsourced.  Pay and benefits are antiquated.
Advice: None
Pros: Big Company,  Many locations around the world

Cons: Don’t expect to be rewarded for independent thinking.
Advice: Manage.
Pros: An excellent Salary with great benefits.
