Cons: people really don't care, and they get away with not caring.  it's all about maintaining a facade of professionalism when in fact you're taking 2-hour lunches, leaving work early, and relying on the consensus-driven culture to shrug off any blame when deadlines aren't met.  promotions are seniority-based, not merit-based, so you have to wait a while if you want to have influence.  Americans don't get to work internationally.  the jet-setter lifestyles are more reserved for the Europeans.
Advice: reward people on a more immediate scale and more heavily for high contributions.  being told you're 20% more productive than average is great to hear, but if it doesn't result in a salary boost or more influence, it loses its meaning.  putting in 60 hours per week for a high five and an extra couple thousand dollars at the end of the year is not worth it to the average employee, when the alternative is to sit on your hands and yawn through the 40 hour work week.
Pros: great salary and benefits and absolutely fantastic work-life balance.  work 80 hours every two weeks with every other Friday off (called 9-80 schedule).  salary boost of ~5% every 6 months.  some travel for training.  there are some really good people in the younger crowd, but the general apathy pulls them down (see below).  outside of downstream, people are international and tolerant.  worked with people from different countries with different religions and cultures.

Cons: Promises made about career development and opportunities aren't honored. Lower graded staff (grade 4 and below) are ignored. Company does a really good job making it seem attractive and competitive to candidates but once you are there you can forget about what you were told.   If you are a minority then you might get more focus but otherwise don't expect much. Join the company and get a few years experience under your belt and go to someplace where talent and hard work are appreciated over gender and skin color. If you are a minority, exploit the company's HR processes and make a good career for yourself.
Advice: SDevelop a well communicated and thought out  business plan. Stop tying up billions of dollars in failed projects and pull out of countries where the risks and exposure are greater than the returns.  Develop an executive team that can do a better job of predicting the economic and political uncertainties since the past 15 year track record is laughable. Give time for changes to embed and prove themselves effective (or ineffective) before you make more changes.
Pros: Good pay and good benefits.

Cons: More of an investment bank than an oil company.  Science and engineering are subordinated to financial wants.  Training focussed on developing those who want to be a polished, powdered courtiers.  Innovation and creative thinking encouraged so long as it conforms to a global standard that everyone agrees on, and fits within the bureaucracy.  Recruit,recognize and promotes attractive,clever and tractable  people.  Actively discourages passionate, focussed problem solvers.
Advice: A company of grifters.  Careers advance  on promises.  Encourages "kicking the can down the road" for difficult problems, passing them on to successors.  Do enough to buy time before transferring elsewhere.  The individuals responsible for developing new technology are also in a position to enforce its use as a gatekeeper for projects.  Middle managers 
are unprepared to execute projects and make the bureaucracy work at the same time.  The focus on cleverness and tractability implies a lack of integrity.  The pattern of making  big promises, then "manage expectations" permeates the organization.  The company recognizes the brokering of information and technology rather than its development.
Pros: Opportunity to work in a high-tech environment with exposure to emerging technologies, social issues, and multiple cultures.

Cons: It's very bureaucratic.   If the benefits are the one of the biggest pros, it doesn't say much about Shell.  You'll never feel empowered to do much because you'll be restricted by 20 other departments, half of which have been outsourced.   It's not a good place unless you're an engineer.  Everything else is getting offshored, outsourced or eliminated.
Advice: The IT department is ruining the company with its bureacracy.  Shell is also wasting too much on consultants.
Pros: Their benefits are really good if you've worked there a long time.  The work is ok, and the salary is competitive.  Everyone does their own little part.  Sometimes you get to do different types of work because they have offshored some jobs(and that never works out because of time zone issues, communication issues, etc).   Shell cares more about safety/training/compliance than anything else(especially making money).

Cons: Career progression can be difficult in some sections.  Be ready to try a new area in Shell after 3-4 years.  Focus on opportunities that add skills to your resume no matter where you end up.  As with any very large company there are lots of administrative tasks and processes.
Advice: Continue to recognize the contributions that your employees make every day.
Pros: The overall compensation package including benefits is top notch. Shell works hard at bringing in talented individuals and places great emphasis on training and retaining that talent.  I'm impressed with my colleagues' professionalism and creativity every week. 9/80 schedule ( every other Friday off) is amazing.  Before I started, people would tell me that those who join Shell rarely leave. That may not hold quite as true as it used to but I've met plenty of co-workers who have been here 20 -plus years.

Cons: My last role was challenging as I tried to balance the birth of my first child.  I left for better more progressive "parent" benefits like on site day care and less travel.
Advice: Consider promotions for internal folks.  You don't need someone with 30 years to lead a team nor should you have to leave the company to be promoted.  Use the talent you've invested!  I think most of the colleagues I spoke with feel a bit stifled in role and want advancement.
Pros: I worked for Shell for 7 years and then went to another oil major.  It's culture, pay, benefits and focus on people is what I loved most about my time there.  Diversity and inclusion was far more mature than most corporations.

Cons: Field and plant facilities tend to be high stress. Unplanned shutdowns or events lead to long hours. Weak development program for experienced new hires. Graduate development is not the best but is improving. Difficult to make quick decisions without many managers buy in. Focus on safety can be excessive or be taken advantage of. DIY Career development programs lead to a non proactive HR.
Advice: Focus on the  core competences of the business become more disciplined managers.  Continue focus on lean and reliability improvement. Workers are being overloaded with non essential tasks, online classes safe driving, time sheets, etc etc.  Push back on the Do it yourself trends and online learning.
Pros: Work life balance, 401k matching after 9 years is excellent. Great salary,  Strong commitment to safety.  Friendly people. Lots of opportunities to travel or change career paths. Open resourcing allows to bid on  next assignment ( also in cons). World class engineers and technology being used. Working in the cutting edge of technology upstream or downstream.

Cons: Although thinking outside the box is encouraged, there are so many global policies and requirements for standardization that implementing change is often a difficult and slow process. Some people become frustrated and prefer to work for a smaller company with less bureaucracy.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, bonus, benefits.  Ability to post for other positions throughout the company.  Most positions require four years before being allowed to post, but there are exceptions if you post for a promotion or growing opportunity.  Extensive online trainings available to all employees.  Downtown Houston location now has onsite workout facilities. When compared to experiences I hear from others regarding their managers and coworkers, I find Shell to be a superior place to work, and people are generally treated with respect and in a professional manner.

Cons: I had an immediate boss who was very negative and was not a very good communicator.  I also had an experience with carbon monoxide poisoning while logging a well that I feel wasn,t followed up on correctly.
Advice: Continue incentivizing geologists to be able to drill good ideas and find lots of oil & gas
Pros: I enjoyed the training schools at BRC in Houston that I went through as a geological engineer.  My initial experience with well-site petrophysics offshore in the Gulf was also very helpful and fun.  The best part of the job, though, was being able to propose and drill a bunch of wells in a fairly short period of time.  I never got tired of hitting oil.

Cons: Globalization and virtual environment has made working from home the norm, which is a pro and con in itself. Pro = flexibility, Con = more hours to cover multiple timezones, difficulty building relationships, loss of social fabric / community that we had 15 years ago
Advice: Be willing to adjust if the new workplace model is not as successful in the US as it is elsewhere in the world.
Pros: I have been able to bring my whole self to work from day one at Shell. The D&I program makes that possible, and makes Shell a very attractive place to work for me. The people here make the difference.

Cons: This is a great spot to get your basic aligned and then you should leave before you stalemate. Shell is miserly on essentials like offices and the intangibles.
Advice: Learn to appreciate and reward dedicated and diligent employees! Terminate the low producers instead of keeping them and giving time related raises.
Pros: Shell has great people & great benefits and despite issues, I would recommend people seek opportunities! The US personnel will never be trusted - only the Dutch and English.  Texans can't hold the top spots since John Hofmeister (Shell Oil CEO) and Fran Keeth (Shell Chemicals CEO)

Cons: I could not fine any cons. I am a people person and I believe in helping when asked or if I see that help is needed,
Advice: Connect with your team. Get to know them, everyone is different.
Pros: You continue to learn about the business, the employees, management are great people to work with.  During the 30 years I have work in a lot of department and all where great areas.

Cons: weird obsession with safety. lots of corporate culture things. no cafeteria on site, so you had to leave to get lunch every day. hr is generally slow- but shell canada is better than royal dutch shell
Advice: nice place to work
Pros: great place to work. nice building in downtown calgary. working on interesting projects with a nice team. great work life balance. great projects interesting people to work with. in general it was a very good experience. great company to work for

Cons: High performance by female employees is viewed as threatening and employees are being ostrisized for being ambitious and high performers.
Advice: Get to know your employees, pay attention to the company policies regarding diversity and inclusion, show genuine interest in making Shell a better company.
Pros: Overall a fantastic company, which my managers would care to promote women.

Cons: In the period of time I worked for this company, I can honestly say that their were no cons. It was a great company to work for. A layoff was not a reflection of an employees performance.
Advice: No advise to offer to upper management.
Pros: Great teamwork ethic. Everyone was eager to help. Many resources available to assist in the growth and upward movement of an employees career.

Cons: Not much individual attention on employee's career path unlike some of the other leading multinationals unless the staff exceptional. In adequate succession planning and career path definition. Reluctant on cross country postings and transfers esp in the east side of the world.
Advice: Improve speedy of decision making.
Pros: In general, a good paymaster and take care of its employees. Takes account for the inclusiveness, diversity and local cultures and traditions and an equal opportunity employer

Cons: It is a large company and you must network
Can be rigid when flexibility is needed
Cost cutting / downsizing events seem to occur once or twice ever decade
Seats at the top are few – sometimes to get a promotion you have to leave
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay
Good work life balance
Management strives to do what’s “best”
Excellent medical and benefits
Pension
401k contribution (no matching required)
Large company that can have a small personal feel

Cons: Politics
Consensus management style (unless you are risk averse, then its great & comforting)
Advice: Who am I to advise - overall a very successful company w/ many great aspects...keep going, just try to not lose a few more of the good ones and let a few without substance go more often...
Pros: Pay & Benefits
Surrounded by smart people
World class processes
Lots of different opportunities to be had

Cons: Fast paced business with razor thin margins.
Always have to watch your staff and vendors.
All the regulations with the federal, state, and local government are difficult to keep up with and expensive.
Advice: None
Pros: -Top tier fuel
-Premium brand awareness among consumers
-Private company I worked for is family owned. The family really cares about their employees.

Cons: Shell Oil, being the global company that it is, creates cumbersome processes that hinder productivity unnecessarily in an attempt to standardize across all business processes.
Advice: Allow local business units to tailor business processes to work for their individual units
Pros: Shell Oil is very concerned about your work/life balance
Shell Oil is very competitive with salaries

Cons: Too heavy on top and management tends not to make decision. Quite often, decision still needs to come from The Hague.
Advice: more interaction and listen to the engineers
Pros: international exposure, opportunity to work in multiple projects, reasonable good pay and benefits. Shell has diversed group of projects from deepwater to heavy oil to FLNG etc

Cons: On average they move more jobs from the United States to other nations.  This includes sales, finance,  accounting, IT, and other departments.  Shell is not a US owned company.
Advice: People should consider ExxonMobile and Chevron  when looking for a career in the Oil & Gas industry.
Pros: Pay is average if you are in downstream...for those in upstream they tend to pay more.

Cons: Not as exciting as a cpg company, but still not too slow.
Advice: Focus on new employees as much as life long or new grad employees.
Pros: Great pay, benefits, and every 3-6 years you can have a totally new job in a new location any where in the world. Good balance of life and work.

Cons: As a contractor, little or no opportunity to convert to an employee.  Antiquated processes with newer technology makes for a strange mix. Hesitancy to adopt new processes and technical solutions.  I.T. difficult to work with and navigate towards a solution.
Advice: For technology, work closely with upstream for best practices and tools.
Pros: Knowledgeable people, good culture, easy to work with others.

Cons: the hours are 12 hour shifts rotating day and knight . it can be very bad for your body if you don't take proper step to get rest.
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: has great pay great management great people. The training is always very efficient . i have been working there for one year and i would not leave for anything.

Cons: Like any large company, there are many links to the chain - have to know how to seek out the right people for the right information to get things done.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Top notch benefits with incredible work-life balance. All staff members are extremely intelligent, outgoing, approachable and innovative - makes work a true joy!

Cons: Career advancement is managed by incompetent HR and management, company is rudderless, company politics have taken over.  Poor stock performance affects bonuses.
Advice: None
Pros: Great long term benefits, great people to be around.  Lots of various groups to move around to once your window is open.  Work life balance is ok depending on the job.

Cons: as far as i remember, there was no downsides working with Brunei Shell.
Advice: Nothing i can advice to higher management.
Pros: Nice to know the culture of Brunei and working there is like working at home away from home.

Cons: Company varies region by region, and some regions are better to work for than others! However no shortage of talent.
Advice: Doing a great job, keep it up!
Pros: Ability to focus on individual needs on a case by case basis despite being such a large organization makes shell the ideal company to work for.

Cons: Your pay will top out as an assistant manager. You never know if you will be called in to work if someone calls in and you are expected to cover the shift.
Advice: None
Pros: They are usually flexible with your hours. The manager will usually work with you and your situation. Sometimes it is close to home.

Cons: Must be willing to work in any weather conditions, which can be challenging from time to time.
Advice: Keep up the good work. I was an outside contractor.
Pros: On going learning opportunities, as well as friendly and very professional people to work with.

Cons: too much beauracracy at the place -- i would try and have the young people in higher positions than they are currently placed in. ugly buildings (old ones)
Advice: None
Pros: It was alright - not bad hours. the gym is actually pretty nice. the new buildings will be nice as well and the cafeteria isn't too bad

Cons: Didn't like working 2nd shift and then have to come in on first the next morning.  This didn't happen to often.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: The owners and the manager are great to work for I enjoyed the time that I work from them.

Cons: too much red tape to accomplish the most simple tasks,   management by consensus often stymies accomplishment   meetings and premeeting meetings
Advice: be decisive   grow a spine
Pros: people, flexible schedule, pay, benefits

Cons: Bureaucratic, IT doesn't really have the business's trust, lots of re-orging, job opps are very dependent upon networking and often politics
Advice: Find a path and stick to it
Pros: Good benefits, believe in work/life balance, opportunities to move around the company and work abroad

Cons: not easy to get in contact with top managers
Advice: upper management should make themselves available to lower workers
Pros: Excellent oil and gas operating company with good people, excellent work environment, and excellent benefits, excellent growth opportunities.

Cons: Very large company can lead to slow decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good pay and benefit package, vacation, etc.  Good work/life balance, lots of challenging projects to work on.

Cons: honesty, most managers are not honest when they need to be
Advice: if you say you have an open door policy, please mean that and not hold things against an employee if they discuss an issue with you
Pros: benefits, people, hours, and salary

Cons: Sometimes we all have to deal with an idiot customer n that there can make your day HUH LOL!!
Advice: Maybe be up front and treat employees like how u want to be treated.!!!!
Pros: I enjoy seeing my regular customers also they make my day.

Cons: Very tough work and number of very high level jobs trimmed a lot in past few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary, great benefits, great work life balance and lots of opportunities globally

Cons: Big company, lots of processes/initiatives emposed on you, Limited locations in US, not as innovative as we like to think we are
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits, Values Development, Strong Safety Culture, excellent stability

Cons: There is no good management particularly on the supply chain organisation, very poor demand forecast, very bureaucratic processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good stability, lots of oppportunity of career development, involvement on critical projects

Cons: everything is slow and lots of meetings, endless reviews and assurances
Advice: Improve effiency and reward more on hard working employees
Pros: Take care of employee, great training program, good benefit

Cons: None that come to mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall only positive experiences.  Company has strong salaries, decent work/life balance. And the people they employ are all very friendly and willing to assist others.

Cons: Consensus driven organization. Can move slow at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is great, benefits are excellent, opportunities are available you just have to network well in order to pursue them.

Cons: long hours and tough industry
Advice: more focus needed on core strengths
Pros: great opportunities for all round development

Cons: When dealing with a company of this size, outsourced support for internal issues can become problematic at times.
Advice: None
Pros: There are many career opportunities and career paths available depending on your preference. 
Benefits are a plus.

Cons: I did not find any cons that I can recall.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: The environment, the high level of professionalism, and great people.

Cons: Shell is moving to an open office environment, not smart.
Advice: Individuals need offices not cubicals
Pros: Great Benefits and Work life Balance

Cons: can not think of any cons
Advice: can not think of any advice
Pros: Excellent work enviroment, tons of opportunities to grow, and great benefits

Cons: Haven't seen any downsides yet.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell really invests in its employees.  They want everyone to have a great skill set.

Cons: Very structured but we are a big Oil Company
Advice: Keep sharing the vision
Pros: Lot's of opportunity and Great benefits

Cons: Pace might feel a bit slow to young professionals
Advice: Manager talent better
Pros: Collaborative, Diverse and Inclusive culture
Good work life balance

Cons: In the design offices, work could sometimes be monotonous.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunities of learn and network

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and Benefits plus the best Workout facility in Houston

Cons: None that i can really think of at the moment
Advice: na
Pros: nice people, talented individuals with the desire to share.

Cons: Cubicles and limited parking; work-life balance an issue for some
Advice: None
Pros: Experts, professional, hard work gets noticed

Cons: large company, hard to get things done sometimes
Advice: recognition for job well done
Pros: good compensation and career advancement

Cons: Depends on country and division
Advice: None
Pros: Profitable Company and good company

Cons: leaders do not communicate to employees
Advice: communicate
Pros: great company to work at

Cons: Sketchy during the evenings
Low pay for high danger at locations
Disorganized
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of Hours
Break whenever you choose

Cons: Constantly changing processes with management changes
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with numerous opportunities
