Cons: no free water for hard working, sweaty car wash guys outside.  Bad pay starting at minimum wage and will never go up unless you beg for it.  gain weight eating crappy food all day, plus no breaks for Anyone. Some guys are dirty with female staff, etc. boring when its slow.... Car Spa guys shouldn't have to be forced to work outside when its around 5 degrees or anything below 0 degrees!
Advice: more consistent training for cashiers. better communication throughout.  give ALL employees free water out of soda fountain so they don't pass out during hot summer months!!!  Starting pay rate should be based on any individual's experience.  No1 can live off minimum wage!! Benefit's would be nice. And yearly possible wage increase should be more frequent so people don't want to quit so much
Pros: nice boss and most of staff are knowledgeable, decent people.  free sodas for cashiers. nice customers most of the time.  Safe place to work. Only fun & enjoyable days if u make the most of it in ur own special ways..... etc.

Cons: Influencing can also mean that some work can be pushed down that may not make the greatest sense and can make it slow to get things done.  During downtime it can be very bad environment with too many decisions of letting people go that should not have been.
Advice: Think more long-term and outside the box
Pros: If you can become a high performer you are promised with really awesome work that is challenging and can be very creative.  Shell has a tremendous amount of opportunities and can take you anywhere in the globe.  The culture is very much based on "influencing" rather than "dictating" which can be a pro if you are good at influencing especially without formal authority.  An employee can influence projects and work that provide significant value to the energy industry.
Compensation is very competetive.
Many people have 9/80 so every other friday off is a huge benifit.
It is a very diverse & inclusive environment which is great.

Cons: So many processes.  So many acronyms.  The work is essentially pre planned for you.  The work flow for designing the wells is essentially laid out for you.  There are essntially about 300 boxes that must be checked before certain deadlines, and as long as you do your little piece of the puzzle then everything will be ok.  That may be true at other large companies, but it certainly doesn't make one feel like they're doing much on their own.  

Then there's the whole fact that we're drilling in the Arctic and all the corporate double talk that all the major O & G companies are guilty of.
Advice: Cut out all the processes and forms, and flow charts and give the engineers more power to set the work flow.
Pros: Competitive pay.  Do not need to come into work every other Friday (9/80 schedule).  People are friendly.  Good benefits and training programs.

Cons: It can be slow to get things done but there's a lot of effort focusing on continuous improvement, lean work processes, etc. It's a great place to stay for your whole career, or at least 5-7 years. This may make it a perfect fit for people interested in that/but a turnoff for those looking for start up/risk taking culture.
Advice: With Ben in the helm there have been some bold moves (divestments, potential bg merger), but it seems to me that Shell is determined to be the most competitive energy company.
Pros: The people! I enjoy hanging out with my co-workers and collaborating on projects. There are amazing advancement opportunities for environmental engineers that you don't see elsewhere. It's definitely is a corporate environment, but you see the benefits of that (more exciting job options, great benefits, one of the best company brands in the world). We also have great IP, and some of the strongest technology.

Cons: Unstructured, constantly changing.  Highly motivated and career driven employees  - often apply for jobs so they can "travel the world" on Shell's dime.  Vacation time and the every other Friday off is a joke. Employees are shuffled so rapidly that it is difficult to keep up with "who" has "what" job.  I can't stress enough the high volume of emails that come in 24/7. Employees are so stressed they feel they need to work 24/7 to keep up.  Dead end jobs for admins with only lateral moves available.
Advice: When you find something that works AND makes money stick with it.  All the shuffling feels like an multi billion dollar experiment.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, highly motivated and career driven employees, nice, clean, secure campus. generous amount of vacation given upon hiring,  being a European Company the work pace slows to "normal" during August and December. For degreed professionals you can be promoted within two years of being hired.   If you enjoy a liberal, unstructured work environment - you will thrive at Shell.

Cons: You can get "stuck" in some jobs.  This isn't bad if your job is critical, but it's awful if they decide they don't need that done anymore and consider you as less qualified than others to change roles.  Some groups have excellent management, but there can be some micromanagement.  Talk to people on the team you are trying to join.  Recent introduction of forced ranking has reduced the collaboration that made it a great place to work.
Advice: Get rid of the forced ranking.  Also, flatten the company.  There are so many levels of management now that staff are far removed from any important decision making.
Pros: Your coworkers are technically competent and generally friendly.  There are really good people there.  It is a large company, so there is room to grow.  Team leads are generally good with people.

Cons: Engineers with large egos without the experience to back it up.  Lifelong project managers who do not know how to manage projects efficiently.  Several employees don't welcome outside ideas.  It can only be the Shell way.  Unfortunately, several staff personnel can be placed in positions in which they have no experience.  They learn on the job and put projects in jeopardy.
Advice: Allow for 6 months of on the job training when an employee will be starting a new position.  Allow project managers to be held accountable for the duration of the project.  It's the project that should be the focus and not the politics behind personnel issues.
Pros: New campus at Woodcreek. Flexible hours since core hours are 8-4.  9/80 days.  Bonus can be as much as 20% if business factor and your performance factor is high.

Cons: Being one of the largest corporations in the world means lots of red tape. A long standing culture of promoting people for the wrong reasons. Hard workers get more work, hard networkers get less and promoted. HR has no interest in how policy changes affect the people in the organization.
Advice: Start promoting people for the right reasons. I was a high potential employee that ultimately left the organization after receiving my best performance reviews and getting PSP awards because I couldn't imagine working for any of the GM's across the businesses in my function. They were all people I couldn't admire or be proud to work with.
Pros: Extremely large organization that provides incredible employment security for average and above average performers. Funding for programs is unbelievable.

Cons: Multiple levels of bureaucracy make it difficult to get anything done quickly.
Advice: Decrease the amount of "red tape" necessary to get basic things done.
Pros: I worked at Shell for 10 years. The company truly values its employees and is committed to work/life balance. Employees are encouraged to take training classes (paid) on a number of subjects, even if the subject matter was not directly associated with you current position. The goal of training is to develop you as a person, make you a stronger employee and enable you to continue to move up in the company. 

Because there are so many divisions within Shell, I was able to work in organizations dedicated to training, chemical sales, retail station management and many others. This was wonderful exposure to a number of areas of expertise and a multitude of opportunities.

Cons: Decision making strategy is unclear for the employees.
Unqualified calibers in high positions, specially for sales.
Over friendly environment leading to many conflicts!
The opportunity to move internal to other vacancy isn't subjected to your qualifications, you must have a good relationship with the managers. (I know it's almost in every corporation but it was too much).
Most of the people stay just because Shell is so friendly and paying well (car loan too). That's an alert to change the policy.
Advice: Hire the qualified calibers and don't focus on the personal relationship.
Shell has an amazing Personal development plan for each employee but it's not effective and managers aren't following it.
Stop hiring friends and family.
Pros: Good learning experience.
Friendly environment.
Work life balance.
Profit share, medical insurance, car allowance. all are really good and competitive.

Cons: All IT has moved to India so extremely limited career growth potential. Government level bureaucracy. Very limited options with global corporate policies removing any real decisions
Advice: After the great ISP outsourcing to the major vendors in 2008, you are left with little to no technical staff. You've sacrificed your talent pipeline to reduce short term costs. All the best have are ready left your organization and you are left with bureaucrat who are more interested in themselves then the company. You need to completely remove replace IT leaders with external hires to fix this problem.
Pros: Above average work life balance, very large projects and systems, highly prestigious brand name. Very good pay scale. A large network of talented international staff to draw upon.

Cons: internal software is frustrating, company is too big to make improvements and senior people say they support you and go talk to X, Y, and Z.  Then X, Y, and Z will say "that's a good idea, it's important, I understand, but it's low priority".  Even if it can save them millions.
Advice: during the layoffs from low oil prices, refrain from talking too much.  just say "oil is now $40/bbl when it used to be 100+" but when managers say they selected based on a personality matrix it's code for "by how I perceive you and I can make any excuse that I want" which just frustrates and insults people.
Pros: lots of training, people are nice, lots of opportunities

Cons: IT management is horrible.  Lots of employees who have worked there for 30+ years with minimal skillset making big decisions for the company.  Cost cutting rampant due to mismanagement at senior IT level.  Sourcing strategy unrealistic and unsustainable.  A lot of "quick win" thinking to increase bonuses without true strategic direction.  Reactive behavior drives the IT decision making much of the time due to poor planning.
Advice: Hire capable people that have the expertise to do proper planning for Shell.  The promotion of Shell employees due to seniority and not skillset is hurting the company.  Put capable people in positions of power - not just to satisfy HR and demographics.
Pros: Salary and benefits very good overall.  Flexible schedule with ability to work remotely.  Good vacation time and very understanding surrounding sick leave.

Cons: Company continues to offshore jobs. At some point you will lose your long term competitive advantage in the effort to boost your Executives bonuses. Of course by that time they will have long since moved on with their golden parachutes.
Advice: At some point in the future you will experience the backlash of the US footprint if the continued reduction of workforce through offshoring. One day the American people will wake up and put an end to the corporate welfare being handed out to companies that continuously elect to damage the economy in an effort to pad the CEO's wallet.
Pros: Good pay, good benefits both above average. Health Vision and Dental insurance. Works at diversity inclusion. In the past was good at building a good talent pipeline.

Cons: In some parts of the org, long hours and off peak hours due to Global dependencies.  Way too much standardization, across the board approach versus where most beneficial.  Leadership has lost it's focus on the employees over the years.
Advice: Ease up on Global standardization as it impedes innovation in many cases.  Employees have really excellent ideas, but have no way to express or be heard. Focus on People "and" Costs, especially during this slow period.
Pros: Really talented and knowledgeable employees.  Tons of industry experience in the company, as most employees are veterans in Oil & Gas.  Managers for the most part do not micro manage.  Work Life Balance is good overall.  Very nice and accommodating office environments.  Very competitive Salaries!

Cons: There are too many processes.  In the Regulatory/Environmental field, it is still a developing business and yet they still try to make you fit into theor competency models, but the models are not fully developed.  Additionally, they want globally for everyone to have the same competencies, however, offshore in US and Onshore Gambia are just not the same regulations.
Advice: Shell does not need more processes, it needs people to follow the proceesses in place.
Pros: The best things about Shell is the 9/80 work schedule and pay. Lot of opportunity for working abroad and moving roles.

Cons: Work life balance for other parts of the company (i.e manufacturing), unfair salary ranges across the company, favoritism, ill-qualified managers and refusal to change bad mistakes
Advice: Make sure you look at not what someone is saying but actually doing. Get rid of managers who are clearly not fit for purpose faster. Stop swinding the pendulum so much when it comes to people. We shouldn't take 3 people's jobs and make into one to later make into 3. Make up your mind.
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits package, very large integrated company, focuses a lot on D&I, job progression, work-life balance for parts of the company

Cons: Working at Shell even though you get to meet and help many different kinds of people, it can be a little bit scary if you have to work the night shift. The pay at Shell is not very good and you don't get any benefits.
Advice: N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Pros: Shell offers very flexible hours, if you need extra hours to work it's not a problem. You also get to meet and help all kinds of different and unique people. The manager I had was one of the best ever to work for.

Cons: Company feels even bigger than it is...change happens slowly, every decision required full consensus (achieved through 4+ meetings) and there are layers upon layers of bureaucracy.
Advice: Management is constantly adding programs, policies, and paperwork without ever removing any.  Streamline and simplify, takes way to long to get to work.

Fix information technology! It is WAY too hard to access information.

People wise, keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: Pay, benefits, opportunities, and training are top notch.  There are good people who are mostly easy to work with and always willing to help.  Corporate culture is definitely preferable to the Exxon types.

Cons: As good as the company itself tries to be with policies and training, end up with one horrible line manager can ruin it all. The policies for work life balance, need to be enforced much better. Some departments and great to work in while others are not. Inconsistency across the groups is the biggest problem.
Advice: Treat your employees to show that you value them. At the end of the day if they're not motivated to be there, they'll motivate themselves to find work elsewhere.
Pros: The company itself is great, with many perks and an extensive new graduate training program. Overall excellent training and strives to create a good work/life balance.

Cons: Royal Dutch Shell is a group of companies and so, sometimes individual company "cultural norms" get in the way of a common RDS vision.  Shell is a matrix organization, however, at times it lacks an ability to truly prioritize project work because of multiple inputs into the process.  Consequently, everything becomes a priority which means nothing is a priority.
Advice: Eliminate processes and push decisions lower into the organization.
Pros: Safety is their top priority.  Great learning environment.  Shell employs world-class technical people.  Pay and benefits are well above industry average.  Opportunity to travel and visit Shell operations around the world is beneficial.

Cons: Sometimes being too scientific rather than engineering thinking slows down decision making.
Little training or opportunity for learning management or leadership skills, even though supposedly available..
Advice: Allow technical experts to achieve higher promotion (grade) levels.  One of the biggest deterrents to staying on a technical path is the fact that high technical expert is only valued as much as the lowest level of management.
Pros: Very inclusive atmosphere.  
Everyone in group enjoys the job they are doing.
Generally considerate management.
Ethics and safety are heavily emphasized.
Endless opportunities and encouragement to learn new things.

Cons: It is hard to provide precise feedback on a 90,000 employee corporation. I have seen employees who have absolutely loved their groups, but also employees who have absolutely disliked their groups. Everything ultimately comes down to the group you work. I didn't want to leave Shell, but I had no choice. I became jaded, lost motivation, so I had to try my luck elsewhere. I am much happier now. 

Shell is enormous. You often go missing, and don't understand what value you add to the company. It has so many complex bureaucratic processes that make it somewhat inflexible and inefficient. While you can always change groups or projects in theory, it is practically impossible to change groups until you finish your four years assignment. Even after you finish a four year assignment, there is no guarantee to find a new role. 

Younger engineers are frequently treated like high school students and are not given enough freedom to use their creativity. The claim is employees can create their own career path, but in reality, it comes down to what your discipline wants. If you are not hired in a discipline you desire, it is extremely difficult (almost impossible) to change disciplines. 

Higher level management are excellent, but the intermediate management are mediocre. Just because someone has a PhD or has been around for 25 years doesn't make him/her a good team lead. I came across very brilliant technical people who were total failures as managers. Unfortunately, there are many of them at Shell. The last thing you want is a technical manager with no people, organizational, or management skills. It RUINS your life.

There are too many unnecessary practices at Shell. You often spend more time focusing on these unnecessary practices than focusing on work. 

Shell claims to be the most innovative company. They may be the leading company in deep water exploration, but the term "selective innovation" would fit them better. The IT infrastructure is appalling. They still use the slow Internet Explore, older versions of Microsoft Office, poor expense statement portal, etc. There are times that you spend days and weeks for an IT problem to get fixed.

Safety is important at Shell. However, I always got the impression that there was a greater focus on carrying a hot cup of coffee with a lid than process safety. It gets annoying after few months when they treat adults like kindergarten students over little safety issues such as coffee, how to warm up food in the microwave, etc. I picked up an injury in my hand because of poor office ergonomics.  Which one is more important, office ergonomics or carrying a hot cup of coffee with a lid? Some perspectives needs to be added.

Shell also makes you believe that they are the only company taking safety seriously where in fact many of the safety policies they practice are common industry practices. 
Shell has become famous in industry for over-promising and under-delivering. I was with Shell from 2008 to 2015. Only one time a project met its deadlines and was under-budget. Projects often go over-budget with a huge margin. Something doesn't seem right when a company continuously goes over-budget and can't meet its deadline. 

Shell isn't the most competitive company in terms of salary and benefits. HR acknowledges it, and they openly say that they are not planning to be the most competitive company. I received a considerable raise after I changed companies. 

The gap between HR and employees is large, and people always complain about it. HR often provides little to no help to employees. Many “lessons learned” meetings are scheduled, but no follow up action is taken on them. This is a very common practice at Shell.
Stay away from P&T unless you are well established in your role and have at least 10 years industry/ Shell experience. Shell P&T charges sites to do projects for them. See Shell P&T as an internal consulting company. The fact that Shell charges Shell makes no sense. Not only they charge sites, but the rates are outrageously high. Shell P&T claims that by charging sites, they keep the cash flow within the company. Sites claim they don’t care who they pay as long as they can get what they want at a lower rate. Third party contractors normally get the job done a lot less expensive than Shell P&T. This situation creates negative chemistry between Shell P&T and sites. Of course, managers in Shell P&T don’t see the tension because they don’t go to sites, but employees feel it on daily basis. If you work in Shell P&T, you constantly need to keep your eyes open for new projects because you don’t want to be in a situation that you charge overhead when your projects get cancelled. So not only you need to perform your daily projects but also need to be a good sales person to sell yourself to a group and keep your eyes open for other projects. This situation will easily distract people from their day to day job duties.
Advice: Properly train intermediate managers. Walk the talk.
Pros: Shell is a well established and prestigious company. It has a very diverse culture, so expect to meet very interesting people. The benefits they offer is average, but the healthcare is state of the art.

Cons: Similar to other energy companies the bottom line has a strong correlation with the external market volatility. Choosing to work here means living with volatility.
Advice: Reducing the internal complexity will help the company in the long run, and also help to release the potential of the talents in their people.
Pros: The company values deep technical capabilities and innovative solutions, and also values the people who can build strong relationships. If you are good at one of them, you can work comfortably, and if you are good at both, you will thrive.

Cons: Can be very demanding. Don't expect a 40 hour workweek if you want to get ahead. Can be tough to implement new and innovative ideas even though Shell encourages it.
Advice: None
Pros: You can post for many different roles and are not limited to the type of role for which you originally got hired. She'll has a good education reimbursement program. Also will give you credit for purposes of vacation for previous applicable work experience so you may end up with 4 or 5 weeks of vacation.

Cons: Large beurocratic company that has many processes that are sometimes not consistent. Lots of HR turnover makes it difficult to understand.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and you will be given opportunities right away to make an major impact.

Cons: It is very difficult to get decisions made, and there are people in some mid-senior level positions that should just go. There is definitely some cronyism and the feeling of an "old boys club" at times.
Advice: We need more diversity. It's easy to be strong and big and steady, but new people from varied backgrounds can bring fresh ideas and innovation.
Pros: Shell offers great stability and job security. The pay seems to be a bit above industry average. The people culture are great. It doesn't hurt being in the 4th largest city! Tons of career path mobility working at a big company.

Cons: Too many cutbacks when business conditions are challenged.  This impacts employee morale too often and the company loses more than it saves from the cutback.
Advice: Focus more on your U.S. employees and focus more on the longer term.  Oil prices will go up and down, the company should plan for an average.
Pros: Good salary - pay is among the best you will find anywhere.  Good working conditions - nice office facilities and grounds.  Good coworkers as well.

Cons: No lunches, No breaks, No raises for the most part. Many employees refuse to do their job and work and gets shoved on few who do work.  Management won't do anything to employees who are late and refuse to do the work required. Long hours on feet with no breaks. Very hard job if do what needs to be done.
Advice: Listen to the employees who do their job and reward them.  Give raises to those who deserve it.  Keep the good employees and eliminate the bad ones. Hold employees accountable for their lack of work and care.  Make people be on time and not shove work onto just a few.
Pros: Get paid weekly.  No point system if you miss work.

Cons: Too much trespassing by homeless people and drug dealers. Store on a main street where  to much was going on. Being locked in on shifts where employees didn't show up for they're shift.
Advice: Hire people that are dependable as well as on time. Train employee's for more than a day or two, plus give employee's the option to train manager's position after 9 months to a year
Pros: Well kept establishment and clean. Good communication with my employers as well as employees. Not too far from my home and easy to get to.

Cons: Appraisal process and performance bonus is terrible.
Too many manuals, standards and processes that forces engineers to deliver super conservative solutions, eliminates potential cost saving opportunities and create boundaries for creativity to take place.
Advice: Change the performance appraisal process to be objective and not subjective.
Employees must be given the performance bonus based on a system where for each objective accomplished the will receive a portion of the eligible bonus.
Pros: Excellent company, great benefits, outstanding engineering staff with great training.
The wells Round 1 and round 2 certificate program delivers the perfect solution to accelerate engineers through the learning curve.

Cons: * far too many changes in the organization
* little stability/security in position due to changes
* can be inefficient due to large size and layers of bureaucracy
* senior management seems artificial and distant at times
* corporate propaganda is very strong and presented with euphemisms (i.e., slogans, campaigns, soundbites, "new ways of working", etc)
* not easy to move up in the company unless you know someone
Advice: be real
Pros: * salary and benefits are exceptional
* get to work with a diverse group of colleagues
* lots of volunteer / community service opportunities
* flexible working schedules; good work/life balance

Cons: same old boys club. They do not even try to id talent within their ranks unless you are in the old boy network. Lip service is paid to advance women and minority women is even scorned.
Advice: Hold your managers to account for advancing women and minority women particularly. Stop the stupid posting that says you have a job for 3 years. It is then just used to push out women and older workers when they reach their peak earning potential. HR is a joke. No one..not HR or management is tasked to keep track of talent and open posting is misused by mangers to play games with layoffs. They use this tactic to fire without cause and layoff without saying it is a layoff. Using the word redundant HR just lets you scramble to find a job without any support from management and HR is a powerless joke that is outsourced. Managers never have to explain to anyone when they make minorities or women redundant since your job is always posted for 3-4 years. You always are applying for your job every 4 years so forget about a career..they could care less. Go to a US company like Exxon or Chevron where they want talent to be career employees without playing games every three year or so. Shell reviews for performance are meaningless to employees. Watch out when you are late 50's and your peak earnings kick in since they use posting to eliminate longtime employees without cause or calling for layoffs. They eliminate long serving minorities and women using these tactics.
Pros: big oil company with benefits and salaries which are average for the industry. Used to be run by skilled technically astute managers. Now they rotate MBA's who have little knowledge about the company of the specific area in the industry. They rotate managers every 2-3 years so employees are always training former biz consultants who have little knowledge of Shell values and culture of excellence which was a huge strength in the past. Bean counters everywhere who make so many missteps and are never accountable since they just move on. Great place to work if your are a clueless MBA posing in the energy business. Hope the new CEO clears the decks of pathetic managers who just try to create another level of useless effort for the employees. Lots of chiefs and too few knowledge workers since outside consultants have sold executives that having engineering skills is unnecessary for MBA's. Real STEM skills are no longer appreciated or valued. It intimidates the clueless bosses who were hired to count beans and become deal makers who have no idea that their deals fall flat so often but they just skip on to a new assignment without be accountable for the mess they cause. Seems awfully close to a BP model where dividends trump value every time due to finance/commercial running everything without vision or respect for employees
.

Cons: Innovation is muted by global processes. It is tough to react swiftly in a changing environment. This is particularly frustrating when the resources are in place but the ability to execute is hindered by bureaucracy.
Advice: Too much focus on collaboration which some employees take to mean consensus. More focus needs to be on informed decision making.
Pros: Very few roles will not have at least some interface with global colleagues. While the number of expat roles are decreasing, there is ample opportunity to work with global teams if you are a decent performer.

Cons: Angry customers, lazy co-workers, my manager kept scheduling me times when I worked at my other job even though I gave them my other schedule a whole month in advance. Very discouraging. After about an hour of training on the cash register my supervisor gave me the phone and said to call them if I needed help and left me alone in the store on my first day. Not the best training strategy...
Advice: Better training for new employees. PAY ATTENTION to day employees request off.
Pros: The actual work was easy. Typical gas station work.

Cons: May end up in a crappy project, lower level managers are for the most part just corporate jargon jack-in-the-boxes, level of process stifles agility and creativity, poor performers are not punished leading to low morale across teams
Advice: Provide more opportunity for technical people to advance. There are lots of very good, motivated technical people that have no interest in management that you will lose after a decade or so if you don't give them equal opportunities
Pros: Opportunity for travel, great training, some projects are awesome, salaries for new employees are quite high, relaxed working environment (9/80s, etc)

Cons: It's not really a downside - but you will get out of it what you put in. Some people have bosses that will push them more, while others will leave you to it, but this means you get to learn & develop as fast as you want to.
Advice: Thanks for taking a bet on younger people - I hope you continue to do this!
Pros: This was an experience I won't forget. Even for temporary / intern employees, the group went out of their way to give us every opportunity to learn and develop ourselves.

Cons: surrounded by mediocre co-workers, below industry standard compensation, not an environment that fosters your best efforts and ideas.  this is a place to coast into the sunset
Advice: need to reduce the staffing levels to keep the best and the brightest.  pay for top talent.  reduce the bureaucracy.  stop making decisions by committee
Pros: job security, not overly demanding, great hours, decent benefits, able to leverage the oil giants brand recognition in the marketplace

Cons: Shell has a lot of bueracracy that has to be navigated each day. There are a lot of divisions in the company that seem to make projects a lot harder than they should be.
Advice: There needs to be more done to encourage integration between the various teams involved in the same play/project.
Pros: Plenty of training oppurtunities, very good support for new grads. Support from managers to work on projects that intersest you. Good pay, good bonus supported for everyone even in middle of oil price crash.

Cons: stagnant career paths at times people don't seem to recognize true talent when they see it; low entry level pay is somewhat of a dealbreaker for smart kids trying to get in
Advice: Keep it close to the belt and keep taking it with a stride at a time; let us know more frequently what can be done to further the progress of SHELL
Pros: Great culture with strong emphasis on innovation and forward thinking. Management really helps lower levels with their work and everyone chips in making it a real group effort

Cons: In certain departments there is a lot of micro-management , upper management blows off issues that need to be addressed and causes low morale in certain departments
Advice: It doesn't seem to have many opportunities at this particular site , however Shell is a really big company with opportunities all over the world
Pros: A good place to get your foot in the door with a big company, decent pay and benefits, OK insurance, tuition reimbursement, opportunities to transfer after two year commitment

Cons: Not enough communication with employees due to language barriers and religious beliefs change the way people work as a team.
Advice: Honestly the only thing preferred by customers is fountain drinks, a car wash and more employees that are bilingual so their are no unsatisfied customers.
Pros: Work is bliss if you have passion for vehicles also exciting to see every vehicle nearly manufactured or custom come in to either get repairs or fill up gasoline since it is Ferrari recommended.

Cons: - slow to change, lots of processes
- not a strategic hub, so an artificial ceiling
- more virtual than f2f interaction with stakeholders & colleagues
- low cost tools to work with
Advice: I would recommend management look to bring the ecosystem together and encourage more cross business related opportunities rather than silo'd opportunities.
Pros: - industry leading investment
- great professional experience for all designations
- work class project management
- excellent new grad programs
- great opportunities to interact with senior stakeholders

Cons: I really cannot think of any cons. This was my first internship experience and office professional work experience because I am a college student.
Advice: My HR person did not provide me access to the hundreds of other interns with whom I could have lived for the summer. Others interns had no problem.
Pros: Had a great summer with them. Global Solutions is in a great area of Houston. The area often sees every other Friday off which is great.

Cons: However it is not like school its work , real life, so you may not find evry thing like you want, some times you will face currption and you have to deal with, and i think that how you can measure your self, by solving and fixing this odds
Advice: thanx for evey support and help
Pros: In shell you will have a room to find your self, where you can improve your skills and expand your experience, with continuous and vast ways to do this,

Cons: We had to many Managers pulling in different directions. We were doomed form the start ! We kept running out of business cards, sales materials and back up !
Advice: If you want a program like this to work you have to SINK some MONEY into it! Be Professional and make your people look the part !
Pros: Working at Shell/Citi was a great position, it was a pilot program and a lot of perks but the program was pulled after 6 months.

Cons: Bugs on bathroom floor, bathrooms mainley was the worst but what can you expect from a truck stop
Advice: Get the bathrooms painted ladies pink and maybe some sparkle to give it shine new floors and doors, and boys blue and new floors and door or create a new shell and make more room for everything
Pros: Very inviting, smiles and greated also manager steps up with out any problem to help new cashiers

Cons: Can be lots of red tape when trying to get something done... lots of hoops to jump through make competing difficult in the industry when speed is necessary.
Advice: Streamline processes and give more authority to employees to make decisions
Pros: Shell's reputation of being one of the great companies to work for in the Oil and Gas industry is well deserved. With a European culture, they value diversity, inclusiveness, and work-life balance!

Cons: Commute times can be really long.  As far as I can tell, you have to be in your role for 5 years before you can apply to another role in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Interesting and innovative
2. Flexible work options
3. Coworkers are nice.
4. Coworkers are smart.
5. Lots of opportunities to train and improve skills.
6.  Corporate is open about issues that surround the company (i.e. financials, etc). 

There's a lot of really good stuff going on at Shell.

Cons: Everything is slow at Shell, there is a lot of inertia. The news don't get communicated fast enough from the upper management to the employees.
Advice: Very isolated, there are several departments doing the same work but not communicating with each other, leading to a lot of redundancies
Pros: It is the safest option to work in a research position at Shell at oil downtimes and you can enjoy significant independence at the work place. The salaries are quite competitive.

Cons: The final presentation is a very particualt. There is also a required ETRAY exam along with a supervisor evaluation. If you do not get a full time offer, they do not let you know where you messed up.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful compensation. They provide you with a buddy and a mentor to guide you throughout the internship. There are a lot of opportunites to learn and it is very well structured.

Cons: Familiar with identifying, pre-qualification, and reaching agreements with new Suppliers and Vendors.  Management and Organizational Skill Refined by Experience
Organizes department value improvement cost saving/avoidance analysis, and projects for maximum efficiency with a minimal investment of manpower and financial resources.
Advice: Keeping myself marketable yet indispensable .
Pros: An organized Purchasing Professional
A broad knowledge of supplier, contract buying/negotiation, implementation and supervision.  A thorough understanding of legal terminology and ramifications governing the Supplier-Buyer relationship

Cons: A little slow to take action. In some cases it feels like your put in the middle of an ocean when you start, you have to figure things out yourself fast.
Advice: Continue to see the value in the graduate program. Also need to act a little faster in decision making.
Pros: Great trainings and program in-place to kick off your career. Good benefits, salary, bonus, reimbursements, relocation, health programs, etc..

Cons: I was poorly compensated and therefore unable to enjoy the aforementioned sweets. With a larger pay package I would have been able to sample all the treats.
Advice: Compensate your cashiers adequately to allow access to all of the store's confections. Doing so would help keep up work place morale and contribute to keeping turnover low.
Pros: A wide variety of sweets and soft drinks to enjoy. I was especially partial to the nerds rope and mars bars.

Cons: I didn't care for the non-support  from management when I made an error. I saw partiality given to the layers but not to the support staff.
Advice: Be fair! Treat all people with this respect and value, especially when they're trying to regroup and get back on track.
Pros: I worked in litigation. For the most part, working there was a good experience. Flexible hours and time management. The benefits were good, and pay within industry standards.

Cons: -Entrenched leadership is inflexible to new ideas and restricts movement of high-performers in order to "keep" them; leads to limited upward mobility
-Company culture is "collaborative" to the point that nothing can happen without consensus of many; this thwarts creativity and initiative.
-Company is not agile enough to compete in many of the areas it has chosen.
Advice: None
Pros: -Very nice people 
-Good benefits and competitive salary
-Stable and predictable schedule, hours, etc.
-Lots of different areas to work in

Cons: I was in charge of ordering and delivery of all merchandise. I am a pro with this skill,however when I was the only associate in the store it was very chaotic receiving order while working register.
Advice: Work on how to improve employees work schedule on days the store may have extra costumers.
Pros: I am comfortable working with the public and enjoyed going to work everyday.

Cons: Company 401(k) contribution does not go above 2.5% until you've been on staff 5+ years.  We have a cultural tendency to unnecessarily complicate processes and analyses.
Advice: Strong leadership and focus from the top 2014-15.  Keep it coming.
Pros: I really enjoy my colleagues--professional, very good at what they do and a pleasure to be around.  I also appreciate that the company continued to pay bonuses and raises during the 2015 downturn.

Cons: Oil prices have effected work availability.  Management has decided to consolidate IT workers and contractors into Houston rather than throughout country
Advice: Please stop introducing turmoil into the lives of your employees (and long term contractors).  Every few years some new (which is actually the same-old-same-old) business model reappears and top management jumps for it.
Pros: Great people, great facilities.  The environment is progressive toward web, cloud and database appliances.

Cons: Bureaucracy. Hard to find resources because company's so big. Training program interferes with on the job time which can affect your performance reviews -- your supervisor doesn't care you were gone for two months because it was required.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits. Huge variety of roles within geology, easy to broaden geological experience. Access to experts and technology. Good training program. Great people.

Cons: Too much politics. Promote career growth but focus on upper management favorites. Too many unspoken rules that interfere with career growth. Upper management are hand picked but often don't have the management skills & experience.
Advice: Need more diverse management.
Pros: Great benefits, good work life balance, great co-workers and collaborative environment.

Cons: inter departmental politics are quite disruptive. also, work life balance is a little out of bounds. gets really late sometimes
Advice: correct the disbalance of work and life. employees need time to kick back and spend time with families in order to feel motivated.
Pros: great people. free food. amazing experiences. interesting project and the best part was i was not micromanaged, but was empowered to work creatively.

Cons: Occasionally the systems can bog down the sales process.  At times, more time is spent reporting internally than being in front of customers
Advice: Support staff to assist with non customer facing reporting
Pros: Absolutely the best systems and training of any energy sector company.  Shell provides outstanding brands and support for sales managers and National Account Managers.  Top of the line product specs.

Cons: Management takes forever to make a decision.  You're just a number, they don't care about people.  Poor leadership from the top down.  Managers manage up and only care about making themselves look good.  No security or stability because the company wants you to move every four years.
Advice: You don't need so many managers!  None of you can make a decent decision in a timely manner anyway!
Pros: Decent benefits, good pay, every other Friday off.

If you are lazy, you can pretty much do nothing and still get paid and you won't ever get fired.

Cons: Large organization
Influence on govt
large parity between senior mgt and lower staff
Too many reorganization
Frequent downsizing - first response to adverse business period
Advice: Global standard for best practice - While keeping local culture have a global standard - eg response to environmental issues.
Respect for environment in Africa as in US
Pros: Training opportunities
Highly respected company
opportunity to be challenge and recognized for achievement
Work life balance
Good Compensation mechanism

Cons: Like other large companies, the bureaucracy that stands in the way of making improvements is counterproductive and makes competing with smaller independents a real challenge.
Advice: Lots of distractions in the global economic climate will make it important to keep attention on the mission to ensure a safe work environment.
Pros: Many good opportunities to travel and a good philosophy for all employees to obtain relevant training when necessary for the job.

Cons: Lots of work has been offshored, so it's a challenge teaching and working through differences.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to grow and learn in different parts of the business and affiliates.  Company truly cares about employee development - mentor-ship programs, community service, good work life balance, and 9/80 work schedule.   Free gym onsite, and some of the best benefits you could ask for.

Cons: Pay is not too great. They can keep the store cleaner. Also, not that safe at night but during the day not too bad.
Advice: Treat employees with more respect and realize we have lives outside of work and accommodate to that more. More reasonable schedules
Pros: Lots of hours available, great benefits provided, the management is helpful and always available.  Its a large reputable company that is widely recognized

Cons: Fast-paced environment. There is a decent work-life balance and a strong office culture with positivity. I have enjoyed my time here.
Advice: None
Pros: Interview was easy. Offers a lot of benefits. A lot of room for personal growth. I really liked the company.

Cons: I worked in the Lubricants division and I have reason to believe the rest of the company is much faster and more competent, but what I saw in the lubricants division was truly sad.

- A slow moving machine. I have never seen an organization as sluggish as this one. There is little motivation to change things and make them any faster or better. Some departments are full of people who have been in "Lubes" since they started working and they are just riding it out until retirement 
- Little sense of urgency: if you think General Motors was a bureaucracy, or that the DMV is a slow place, wait till you get to Shell Lubes. 
- IT systems that are not suited for modern working. The IT team is effectively useless. You are better off looking for solutions from friends than by calling the Helpdesk. Any suggestions for simple software upgrades are met with stiff resistance
- Under-utilization of talent: there are some talented people stuck in dead-end jobs here, basically wasting away. The mega-talented ones find a way out. 
- Very little diversity at the top: mostly just the usual straight old white male cowboys. Imports (from Latin America) are almost invariably white South Americans. Other imports to the top of the organization are white Europeans. At the bottom, it's a good mix, so the organization can make good claims about diversity. If you're a US-minority, it's unlikely you will get close to the top here: that's what drove me away. 
- Overstaffing: it is not an exaggeration to say that a good 20% of the team is pure fat: they can be trimmed without an impact to the organization
Advice: There is a lot of wasted potential around you: if you would just open your eyes.
Pros: - Compensation is decent. 
- Some talented bright sparks
- Some teams like Chemicals and some parts of Upstream are really great

Cons: limited career options. Low pay and tough hours. Not empowered to change much at the workplace. No profit sharing or other bonus.
Advice: Probably should pay more if you want to attract better workers. Regular reviews and possibility of promotion would be helpful.
Pros: free snacks. Free coffee. Learned a lot about the oil industry at the consumer and retail side. Some interesting characters and memories!

Cons: Expected to relocate every 4 years or so if you want to climb the corporate ladder.  Good work doesn't always show if you aren't one of the key players (chemical guys)
Advice: None
Pros: Great overall company from pay, benefits, bonuses, and career growth.  Straight out of school grads get paid better than most semi experienced professionals.

Cons: To get in the system is tedious. You have to go through about three assessments to actually just get an interview, then if you get an offer you have to wait until the process your information before it is official.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Compensation, once you are an employee it is hard to not get rehired unless you really mess up and not get rehired

Cons: lots of procedures, safe, mostly a good thing but sometimes to the point of ridiculousness  (particularly for office activities), very prescriptive in their career paths- once you are in one stream it's very hard to switch
Advice: None
Pros: most staff are excellent, training is excellent, opportunities for international travel are there (although not always)

Cons: I have no cons to write about for this review. I really have no concert right about for this review.
Advice: Continue to do what you do will be my advice to management you were taking care of your workers.
Pros: it's a wonderful place to work for describe this to all my friends all the time they Shiplight here as well.

Cons: Remote intern location can make you feel lonely. But honestly, not that many cons so far. I am planning to accept if I am given return offer.
Advice: Keep in touch frequently with interns under you.
Pros: The ability to travel and move up in the ranks or around your division is high. Great pay and intern social life is very nice.

Cons: At times a bit frustrating and stuffy at the higher levels of the company, which can potentially limit upside for the company. Not much else that can be done beyond that.
Advice: None
Pros: Great room to grow, expand your potential as an employee with little supervision and oversight while also giving good mentoring opportunities and freedom to just run with it

Cons: -Competitive for minimal management positions
-Expect lots of travel
-Expect to move around permanently if you want to move up
-Pay is just ok compared to competition
Advice: None
Pros: -Travel to nice places at times (lots of miles/points)
-Entrust a lot in each person
-Excellent work-life balance
-Not a huge amount of pressure every day
-Excellent safety

Cons: Sad, unmotivated staff is average at best.  Accenture runs finance and IT, usually badly according to IT fads.  Micromanaged in some cases, in other situations nobody is in charge.
Advice: Hire real oil people, not frat dudes and Dutch people
Pros: Big company, if you can be a direct employee.

Cons: Management top heavy. Too many meetings to attend to and online HSE training is redundant.
Advice: Cut down on Management Roles. Too many hands in one pie. Management is very top heavy in organization
Pros: Great employees to work with. Teamwork is a plus there. You get to work with very intelligent and creative people

Cons: There is a consensus culture in Shell meaning you have to talk with 20 people to make a decision. It is a double edged sword
Advice: You guys are awesome
Pros: You take every other Friday off; which means you have a vacation every two weeks. Few benefits are better than that.

Cons: lack of clarity in output. inability to confront tough issues
Advice: Penny wise and pound foolish, is no way to run such an important part of the world economy
Pros: Appreciated by the engineering and management teams for helping them communicate their ideas and projects. lots of fun tech to work with. travel

Cons: When the oil price drops, there is no company loyalty. The US always gets hit with layoffs. Canadian operations will have deep cuts.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, always new opportunities. Generally, wonderful people to work with. Generous vacation plan.  Highest priority is safety. Diversity culture. recommended with caution

Cons: Funding for projects is controlled very tightly. Recent travel restrictions make it nearly impossible to work effectively.
Advice: Grow a pair, push back on foreign control.
Pros: You get to see first hand how " favored" employees are treated, vs. the "ordinary" employees every day.

Cons: No cons to mention.  Every company has minor employee issues.  But what company doesn't.  Nothing I would consider major
Advice: None
Pros: Great Managers.  They take the time to listen to employees while allowing each employee to make free decisions within  their work groups

Cons: In some areas, credit or appropriate recognition is not given to people with professional licenses such as engineering license or similar.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is one of the best companies to work for. The benefits are far better than most oil and gas companies.

Cons: If you are contract, you only get 2 years with Shell. After the 2 years is up, you have to leave and cant come back to Shell for at least 6 months.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for. Great benefits if you are full-time employee.

Cons: A lot of restructuring - seems to happen every few years.  Also linked with O&G market so downturn does affect company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work.  As with most large companies your experience will be based on those who you work for or with.

Cons: Not really cons working for Shell
Advice: Keep doing a good job.
Pros: Excellent company to work for. They are very open minded. You have so many opportunities to move to different areas. The top management is really good. I just love working here.

Cons: Very political very oil field brother in law work and family balance do not exist. You hardly ever had time off.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work great people great environment. Stay busy always doing something different. Fast paced environment keep you on your toes

Cons: very impersonal. do not expect anyone to remember your name. bonus system is very subjective and causes coworkers to not work well with each other.
Advice: None
Pros: large company with possibility to move around.  the pay and benefits are great.  work life balance is good.

Cons: There is not one thing that I can say negative about working for shell. other than the project ended to short.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell was a learning place. it was also a place to see parts of the Nation and me new people.

Cons: the management isn't always the best. sometimes the customers are rude, and sometimes it can be challenging when you don't get enough training.
Advice: care about your employees and train them better
Pros: easy, can be kind of fun, good experience for first job.

Cons: Only 1; Business seriously impacted by Global competition and OPEC but fair internally, sorry to get laid off, none
Advice: Make sure to give employees feed back often and timely
Pros: Great pay & benefits, Professionals; care about what they do, the employees, and environment

Cons: Red tape that comes with any company. Need for more leadership and decision making.
Advice: Get more lean and efficient.
Pros: Good compensation, big budgets, and it has reasonable travel options. Good 401k and bonus percentages.

Cons: Least community minded company in the oilsands. Caters to fly in-fly out employees.  Very little honesty in regards to management and dealing with people. Treated like a number..
Advice: Change of management, it's a common joke onsite.
Pros: Above average wages, and average benefits

Cons: I haven't had any negative experiences with this company or any complaints. .
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: great company and benefits, great management as well. well organized and trains very well. Always put safety first. Overall a great company to work for.

Cons: Limited opportunities for expat positions, cut-throat competition between co-workers, HR overpowers managers when it comes to decisions regarding technical staff
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment, great people, great tools, great technology.

Cons: its downtown, there is no simple easy short or fun way to get downtown if you live 25 miles away in north Houston
Advice: Listen to employees complaints don't take managers word for everything they say
Pros: learn a lot especily about settlement from gas traders

Cons: Everything is over-engineered, even the most minute decisions.  Takes a long time to get anything done.
Advice: Simplify.  Empower people.
Pros: Committed to developing their people.  Pay an benefits are excellent.  Relocation and travel opportunities abound.

Cons: constant offshoring and constant reorg. politics much like high school, management lies to employees on promotion opportunities to get more out of the employee and then to offshore their job. Seen it happen to several coworkers.
Advice: be transparent
Pros: good benefits and nice coworkers

Cons: Top heavy overhead/support staff, operational organization not lean enough to sustain competitiveness in downturns of commodity market cycles
Advice: Keep valuing diversity, focus on sustaining functional efficiency during ongoing reorganization
Pros: Work environment is outstanding, very open minded corporate culture, excellent pay

Cons: Occasional periods of over work.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked 35 years with the most talented and interesting people in the oil business.  Mostly worked with managers and scientists in research.  Top notch environment.  Opportunity if you work for it.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and overly process driven.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work / life balance. Lots of focus on career advancement. CEO is doing an excellent job at aligning the strategic focus of the Shell syndicates with the bottom line.

Cons: Company outsources many jobs to Phillipines instead of keeping them in the States
Advice: Value loyality. Longtime employees should be viewed as an asset
Pros: Great benefits, good work life balance

Cons: Project felt like intern work. I would suggest having a few more projects that are not SharePoint related.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible and able to explore the company when not doing project
Able to have a life outside of work
Relocation package provided

Cons: Titresome, limited time, stress, too demanding, slwoness, glass like, untolerated, hfutt jfkcyu jfjdi djdghti phxa pcsghv. Dharyb eikfkb cjchkb gjldh
Advice: None
Pros: Good, energetic, progressive. Advanced, open, booster, clean, classic, modern, aro, wise, wide, shovle, shake, strategic, bonus, care, sweet, hurtless, HSE, full

Cons: the hours sucks i wish could have better hours but not in this lifetime because the owners are greedy and only care about themselves
Advice: be more attentive be there for your the people that have your back you will regret it when that person leaves then you will truly regret it.
Pros: i love my job it the best in the whole wide wold i would not choose elsewhere so happy yea super chill

Cons: Too much processes to follow before executing a job. Unhealthy competition due to the current oil price.
Advice: Simplify process. We are here to make money pls.
Pros: Great place to work, highly competitive, good learning opportunities.

Cons: Slow career progression.  Work can feel tedious at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall high level of integrity to others, the environment, etc.  Collaborative work environment.  Company treats employees fair the majority of the time.

Cons: Giant Oil and Gas conglomerate that often does business with itself
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a great place to work. It is a relationship based culture that supports and empowers employees (at all levels) to work collaboratively, yet autonomously.

Cons: work life balance, diversity in senior leadership
Advice: Keep up the good woek
Pros: great benefits, competitive pay, strategic advancement opportunities, leading in industry, cutting edge technology, knowledgeable staff, operationally efficient, optimal economic strategies

Cons: Management is lost, do not listen, they violate safety rules
Advice: Treat staff better, train management better, save money in the corrects areas
Pros: They pay and benefits are good

Cons: The only Con I have is trivial...Lunch options are dismal. Food options in area are bad and truck options onsite are unrealiable.
Advice: None
Pros: Ppl I worked with were very knowledgeable and helpful.

Cons: Poor Business decisions, no loyalty to employees. Management is underqualified for positions held. Leadership is appointed by who they know, not what they know.
Advice: What goes around comes around.
Pros: High pay. Decent health Benefits.

Cons: Young professionals aren't challenged enough, because of all the red tape required to execute jobs. The big corporate structure can be tough to work with.
Advice: None
Pros: Good support, and lots of knowledge base.  Good training courses.

Cons: Overly process oriented, terrible work-life balance, too consensus driven so decisions take a long time.  IT technology is way behind.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities, great pay and benefits.  Generally smart and hardworking colleagues.

Cons: its very methodical and old school , very slow growth
Advice: less generic training will make things more dynamic
Pros: great company , one of the major oil and gas. Offers greats perks and personal development

Cons: Un-fulfilling work
No creativity 
Company works in a very strict bureaucracy 
Too "lax" for somebody coming out of college
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic work life balance
Good hours and pay
Great people

Cons: Turn over rate is awful. Management is terrible in this industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of hours. When customers begin to familiarize themselves with you it is a good opportunity to network.

Cons: The company restructures frequently, with many longer term employees cycled out.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell has a very competitive pay and benefits program. High performers have good exposure to global business activities and career advancement.

Cons: The process for evaluating your performance and not great in supporting work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and excellent benefits. 9/80 schedule is a nice feature

Cons: could offer more vacation even unpaid one and flexible hours or work from home
Advice: Good job, please keep it up. The best company to work for
Pros: Good company flexible hours friendly people

Cons: I can't think of any!
Advice: Continue to Uplift Your Staffing Team!
Pros: Flexible Working Hours, Great Management & Staff
Task-Oriented Job, Excellent On-Job Training
Friendly Work Environment

Cons: None, so far still haven't started, will be in a month
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits,  great team, communication and opportunities to move  up

Cons: Amount of red tape for decision making
Advice: Empower your line staff to make decisions and that will improve the company's competitive advantage.
Pros: Pay, benefits, flexibility, and safety

Cons: Large corporate company, heavy with internal protocols
Advice: None
Pros: Job stability is one of the best amongst oil companies (for technical staff in the event of economic down-turn)

Cons: Difficult to get a look at the big picture due to the large size of the company.  Too many pointless meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse array of projects.  Opportunities for advancement.  Excellent compensation.

Cons: Losing the customer level focus
Advice: Don't lose sight of who is selling the product for you.
Pros: Low turnover, great benefits and wonderful people.

Cons: Tends to be slower paced
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic place for good work-life balance, great employees who will take time out of their schedule to sit down and "gtky"

Cons: Pretty easy to work here and enjoying job with this good company
Advice: Thanks for cooperating in any area
Pros: The best company in all USA which gives good services

Cons: one on one
especially when it comes to management
Advice: None
Pros: pros are great company to work for with the right training
fun work place by far

Cons: It's hard to get lots of responsibility as an intern
Advice: None
Pros: Interned here and had a great time. Looking forward to a challenging and exciting career with them.

Cons: I can't think of anything. I enjoyed my stay with the company.
Advice: Kudos to the management
Pros: Work hard play hard. Benefits are great.

Cons: company policies and procedures, paperwork to death, non-value created work often,
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, many smart people, most are willing to help you when needed

Cons: - Hard to get recognized individually as an assistant and hard to move job grades
Advice: None
Pros: - Work / life balance
- Telecommuting
- Benefits are excellent

Cons: Recent graduates are not valued as high as 3-5 experienced hires
Advice: None
Pros: Training courses are exceptional and benefits are great.

Cons: Managements need to get to know more their employees.
Advice: Get to know your employees and what they really do for the corporation
Pros: Good Company with good benefits

Cons: Politics like everywhere else, extra benefits dwindling down to nothing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits, chances to move up if you're a hard worker

Cons: I Wasn't Getting All My Hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Been In The Store Alone m, Or May Be One Other Person.. I'm More Focused.. Interacting With New People..

Cons: Some customers just want to complain.
Advice: Keep shop clean
Pros: Work with different makes and models of vehicles. Helping customers in a timely manner. Good location.

Cons: Low wages, poor management. Ole well
Advice: Learn some respect before you lose all your employees
Pros: Close by home short drive

Cons: Decision cycle is like  molasses.
Advice: move faster. clear dead wood more often
Pros: Great colleagues. Respect for technology and innovation. Funds what needs to be done

Cons: Not alot of trying 2 days.
Advice: Be kinder with your words.
Pros: I had so much fun loved the people never had a bad time at shell

Cons: Needs extra caushion during inventory stocking when holidays comes.
Advice: Can hire extra helpers to reduce workload on regular employees.
Pros: Has sometimes a big work load.

Cons: no real cons may have limited upward mobility
Advice: Staff changes driven by Oil prices demolizing
Pros: Good job, nice benefits  9/ 40 work schedule

Cons: Minimal development opportunities for non-grad hires and are at a lower job grade. Most lower job grades are being offshored.
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance, Compensation, Benefits

Cons: Take too long in making decisions.  Too many processes
Advice: Consider more diversity in upper management
Pros: Great people's culture.  Global and diverse

Cons: Very hard to get in with Shell
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for in a relaxed environment, plenty of opportunities and great benefits

Cons: Salary, no paid overtime, no benefits
Advice: Relocation would be a plus
Pros: Great attorney, compassionate and ethical. Worked as a team. Valued input.

Cons: Volatility during market slumps causes workload to decrease, frequently overstaffed
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, team support, challenge to deliver, compensation, travel opportunities

Cons: Extremely low pay, no true benefits
Advice: Please make sure to give better benefits
Pros: I like getting discounts within the store and on gas

Cons: With volatility in oil market, and moving jobs to offshore locations, the Houston job opportunities have greatly decreased
Advice: None
Pros: Reputable company with good benefits

Cons: Office politics can be an issue
Advice: Invest in potential
Pros: Opportunity to be trained, work with brilliant talent and grow your network

Cons: Lack of Advancement once in position
Advice: Provide more opportunities for advancement.
Pros: Stability in an ever changing oil industry

Cons: Far too dependent upon gaining agreement rather than making a decision.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits, great opportunity to engage with colleagues across the globe

Cons: unbelievable people, never take advise
Advice: None
Pros: Its very wonderful experience working with committed and people with zeal

Cons: It is difficult to find any faults.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great work environment. Professional. Safety is number one!

Cons: We were short staffed so I was opening and closing constently. But good hours
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paste, and meet different people every day

Cons: slow moving, large organization, difficult to make an impact
Advice: None
Pros: great variety of roles, great benefits, smart people, huge projects

Cons: you always live the office late, but you can get extra days of
Advice: None
Pros: IT is a nice place to work

Cons: Good old boy mentality and too much influence on the US market from those across the pond
Advice: Do not put someone else into senior management that has no people skills or management experience.  There is a reason some people should stay an analyst or project manager.
Pros: They pay well and offer good benefits

Cons: Individuals often promoted for the wrong reasons.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company with lots of stability and little chance of being let go.

Cons: Your will learn a lot of new software.
Advice: Management was very easy to work with.
Pros: A great company to for.

Cons: Stability depends on the Oil price
Advice: Listen to their employees
Pros: Good benefits, Excellent salary, annually bonus

Cons: -Computer Crashes 
-pumps are real slow
Advice: You Rockkss!!!!!!
Pros: - Love customer service
- Time pass quickly
- Meet new people everyday

Cons: Hours are sometimes longer in order to get projects done.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional environment and great people working along side you.

Cons: not enough money
dumb customers
Time goes slow
wish they paid more
Advice: None
Pros: not micro managed
freedom to do a lot
not a pressed company

Cons: Management could do a better job of communicating with employess.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and great benefits.

Cons: takes forever to get anything and anyone to work
Advice: stick to work process
Pros: plenty of work and opportunities

Cons: some ideas are limited within engineering group.
Advice: none to mention at the moment.
Pros: none none to mention at the moment.

Cons: Better smoking area for the employees that smoke
Advice: None
Pros: Hours and wages great work space

Cons: No growth opportunities for field I was in
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, friendly environment, freedom to accomplish tasks

Cons: No cons to submit regarding employment
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for with great benefits as well.

Cons: Extremely powerful HR.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are excellent and the work is extremely interesting and challenging.

Cons: none that i can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: great environment,  mentors listen, give you real engineering jobs

Cons: Red tape, difficult to institute change and improvement
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours, great pay and benefits. 9-80 working schedule

Cons: not very related to my background
Advice: None
Pros: pay is good. time off policies is good. promotion is good.

Cons: Large organization so sometimes processes are slow
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive culture
Flexible schedules and work life balance
Competitive pay

Cons: no balance work life it was not that bad
Advice: Growup
Pros: good working for shell it was okay

Cons: The policies are always changing
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to get into flow of work
Friendly co-workers

Cons: work lots of hours and lots of turn arounds
Advice: None
Pros: great company and culture and great management

Cons: long hours (it depends on how you see it)
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work great benfit

Cons: The pay isn't great
Not to much more
Advice: Listen to your employees More.
Pros: Great staff
Nice management.
Very outgoing

Cons: Constant reorganization adds the uncertainty to everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing people and support to work with.

Cons: poor HR environment. lack of transparency with promotion.
Advice: None
Pros: Good money. good range of benefits.

Cons: Get very busy, need better training,
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, decent pay, good managers

Cons: Demanding hours. Management tends to micromanage.
Advice: None
Pros: Reasonable salary.
Great benefits such as 401K and medical benefits

Cons: None that I can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits and great people/culture

Cons: Poor management, run back and forward all the time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working team, nice place but old

Cons: Matrix organization, weak mgmt., annual review process
Advice: None
Pros: High wages, good benefits, everyone needs oil

Cons: Working environments hold hazardous potential to your health.
Advice: None
Pros: There is lots of vacation time.

Cons: to many processes; not a lot gets accomplished quickly
Advice: None
Pros: great salary and benefits package

Cons: Bad lay and not much potential to go up
Advice: Pay more
Pros: Easy job with good hours

Cons: Employees are not recognized often
Advice: Management should improve their behavior
Pros: Good benefits are offered to employees

Cons: A little stuffy
Promotions limited
Living in Houston
Advice: None
Pros: Loyal to employees
Great Starting Salary
Good Training Programs

Cons: I honestly don't see any.
Advice: None
Pros: really taking care of its people, great salary

Cons: I find nothing wrong with the place
Advice: None
Pros: just great working there nice people

Cons: Big company, work moves slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, every other Friday off, great benefits

Cons: Health plan options, constant reorganizations
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation & Bonus, 9/80 schedule

Cons: - generally long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: - good training ground
- generally good management team

Cons: Boring, mind numbing. Wish that the time went by faster
Advice: None
Pros: Easy and chill work environment

Cons: work subject to global changes
Advice: None
Pros: great company all around, very beneficial to career

Cons: limited job security when oil prices drop
Advice: None
Pros: Shell has an excellent engineering training program

Cons: Indecisive and limited career opportunities for senior managers
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and good benefits

Cons: sometimes work flow can be slow
Advice: doing great!
Pros: good 401k plan, nice employees

Cons: Pollutes a major portion of the world
Advice: None
Pros: Strong employment for part time workers

Cons: 401K match starts with 2%
Advice: None
Pros: Up to 10% 401K match after +10y

Cons: benefits were not that great there
Advice: None
Pros: great work exposure for future jobs

Cons: Terrible food dsfdsf 

pay was low
Advice: none
Pros: Great place to wokr at

Cons: I didn't have any bad experiences.
Advice: None
Pros: The internship provides good hands-on experience.

Cons: Too small. More of a variety
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced great environment very busy

Cons: Lots of haters outside of Shell.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment, decent benefits

Cons: Stressful place to work. Especially during turnarounds
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and compensation are very good

Cons: NOthing glaring for me to comment on
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: A good old boy type of system, no true direction a company with short sighted goals and actions
Advice: To many engineers not enough people with common sense
Pros: Good Pay, no overs right of how much you spend, unless oil prices are down

Cons: the workload was sometimes too much
Advice: None
Pros: the company was extremely friendly

Cons: Slow down in Oil & Gas industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Stability in difficult oil market
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, compensation, and learning opporutnities.

Cons: leadership not on same page
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits, coworkers, ok salaries

Cons: meet lot of shady people
Advice: None
Pros: you choose your own hours

Cons: low pay and no vacation
Advice: ok
Pros: ok very easy laid back

Cons: work life balance is not optimal
Advice: None
Pros: They are a good company

Cons: not always the best people
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: a fair amout of bureacracy
Advice: None
Pros: good salary and good benefits

Cons: Expectation are not realistic at times
Advice: None
Pros: Create own hours. With flexibility

Cons: There is no training program. People move around a lot. I would like training.
Advice: None
Pros: The money is very good. They pay well. The pay is good. I like the pay.

Cons: My particular store was terrible. I worked 6 days a week and only got 30 hours and shifts were never consistent.
Advice: None
Pros: Not much. Manager wasn't so bad.

Cons: Working for Shell is like a Government job in a third world country. Meritocracy has whole different meaning in this company
Advice: None
Pros: Pay  and benefits are good.

Cons: Corporate structure can limit creativity but it is normal for this size company.
Advice: When the objective is to simplify, do not introduce anhother process to achieve your goal.
Pros: Challenging work, pay & benefits and travel.

Cons: no future or upward opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: easy job for high school students

Cons: Long hours with little bandwidth support.
Advice: None
Pros: Free gas for employees who rank high enough.

Cons: non- professional,  prices to high on most idems
Advice: None
Pros: very few around anymore, clean

Cons: mucho BS, better have friends in high places
Advice: go to hell
Pros: money (can't think of anything else)
