Cons: It's easy to get into a pay band that doesn't include any physical peers, making it difficult to compare or see what your "competition" is like.  Pay bands appear to be a little low and technical promotions slow.  I've seen a lot of young people (I thought were "keepers") that left because they got impatient and could do better elsewhere.  Being global, Shell struggles with multiple countries, cultures, languages.  While they try to be respectful, there are a lot of things to miss and mis-understand.
Advice: When a senior manager grows up in one business segment, they should develop a deeper understanding of the other businesses.  Most of the businesses will necessarily have someone that is "not from us" at the top, but it helps when there is a relationship, not just a chain of command.
Pros: In 30 years I have never had a direct supervisor that I thought incompetent.  While I have enjoyed some more than others, all of them were trying to make their piece of the business better.  Some entry-level employees are difficult but they tend to not promote and attrit out the bottom.

Cons: Globalization of the company has offshored a lot of the work impacting jobs of employees in "high cost zones (e.g. USA, UK, The Netherlands).  The jobs have moved to low cost zones such as Malaysia, India, The Philippines, Brazil, etc.
Advice: Making decisions based on cost (and the expense and impact it will have on people and the workforce) alone may be great for the short-term, but you need to look at the 2-year, 5-year, 10-year and 20-year horizon.  Can't afford to continue to be a reactive company with strong competitors out there such as ExxonMobil, Chevron, Total, etc. that are in a pro-actively leading position.
Pros: Absolutely one of the best benefits packages, not just in the energy sector, but overall.  By far one of the best 401(k) programs - especially the company contribution after 9 years of service.  In addition, still has a traditional pension program.

Cons: 1. As with most large corporations, there is an element of bureaucracy
2. Some departments are quite traditional dominated by old veterans
3. Employees are not pushed to grow, Shell is like a maze with so many career tracks - one has to seek out his/her own growth path - really think about it and follow with action
Advice: 1. Keep up the good work
2. Make the company more youthful, give more responsibility to young competent performers, rather than relying solely on experience and age
Pros: 1. One of the best known brands in the world. One of the very few company logos in the world which does not need the company name to identify itself
2. Great compensation and benefits package
3. A culture built on respect for people
4. International job assignments - a Shell career is a life journey in itself

Cons: As a white male, it is sometimes difficult to compete for jobs/promotions against minorities.   There is a strong affirmative action program here, although it is informal.   There is continued negative opinion of oil companies by the consuming public.   While we have done a better job in telling our side of the story, there are too many cynics in the world to believe us.
Advice: Promote more based upon proven experience/skills and less upon "potential" capability for the role.   Continue to invest heavily in the future of oil/renewable energy supply.
Pros: Large Multinational companies offers a diverse working environment with interaction with people from all around the world.    There are tremendous opportunities to shape your own career with whatever interests you may have.   The job posting system we have shows opportunities you have from around the world.  You are not pigeon holed into doing the same thing for 20 years.

Cons: The company promises to provide you with a work life balance during the hiring process, but fails to deliver when you are hired and on the job. Most employees work 10-12 hour days and even on some weekends just to meet project deadlines. 
The company says that they look to hire people who thinks outside of the box; however, you will not advance far in the company if you actually do think outside of the box as most operating units in the company are not very receptive to change.
Advice: Need to be quicker to respond to important decision that need to be made concerning exploration projects.
Pros: Good benefits and competitive salary. Unlimited training opportunities both internal and external. Very diverse work force.

Cons: But the problem is that there is too much work.  I literally worked about 7 days a week 10-12 hours a day.  I found out this was a common occurance no matter area you worked.  After I left the company, I found out Shell had a reputation as being a "sweat shop."
Advice: Offer the employees a more balanced work/life ratio; delegate the employee workload evenly; and award strong performers for a job well done.
Pros: Shell has great benefits -- espcially the their pension plan.  The work is very challenging. There's a lot of very sharp professional employees who have a solid background in the E&P business.

Cons: There is a lot of paper work in Shell it seems very difficult to get all of the different computer systems to work, and you are always having to contact people in Holland to get something done.  They're constantly getting on your case about being chargeable, which I guess is to be expected in a consulting business like this.
Advice: The knowledge sharing could be a lot better.
Pros: The salary is good, there are many good technical people here, and the work is interesting.  It feels like I can make a difference for the company if i do good work, and I am rewarded well for doing good work.

Cons: Not much feedback concerning performance - Closed off culture - not much communications - There mentoring program of new hires is far below average. It was a good experience however I would not return, it was not a friendly, family atmosphere.The engineers tend to stay closed off from other personnel which creates a lack of communication in solving problems.
Advice: Communicate goals and spend more time with personnel
Pros: Well compensated in terms of salary. Technology driven company in terms of downstream (chemical manufacturing).   The company has a good reputation and global opportunities for advancment.  Shell is positioned as a leader in the chemical industry therefore you will a stable career path.

Cons: Foreign company ownership is a downside because they have a different set of priorities.  More global thinking, where if were allowed to spend the way we see fit, the US protion of our business would be more profitable.  Currently, we help support other companies, in other countries, that are struggling to be in business.
Advice: Continue to listen to your direct reports; we're on the frontlines of our business, and want to be your eyes and ears.
Pros: The total package of compensation, respect of my peers, recognition by my management, quality of my staff, and the overall support of my work group makes this better than any other job I've had since entering the workforce over 30 years ago.

Cons: Some positions requires relocating and of course some position require long working hours but you get more days off of course.  some of the positions requires you to stay in that position for at least 4 years before you can transfer to another position, but i think these are mostly technical positions.
Advice: The managers were pretty fair and offered me challenging assignments.
Pros: They have excellent benefits, very good pay and very knowledgeable employees. Shell offer great opportunities for advancement and is a very stable company.

Cons: Comp and benefits behind competition, BP, Chevron and set for graduate entry. Very limited consideration given to experienced hires with 15 years plus. Numbers show Shell has difficulty retaining new experienced talent, and will struggle as baby boomers retire.  Average age in Shell is high.  Experienced talent goes to E&P independents with much better comp and benefits, Anadarko, Devon. Management acts in a vaccum. As no projects fail, only some of the involved are guilty and suffer. The appearance of the Shell is clean, shiney and swift. The reality, there is a great deal that goes on and is never brought to light.
Advice: Listen to employees. Respond to meet the needs of aging workforce and gap from "the big crew change". Count your contractors. You have no idea of your total workforce numbers on any given week to within thousands. Analyze your projects, increase audit and conduct more postmortems they cannot all be so successful.  Is exploration success really on par with apparent ability? Focus on hiring talent to do the work, rather than manage and direct. 

Get serious about work/life balance. Walk the talk. 

Performance management archaic. The company is not open to new ways and ideas.  

Workforce planning is dismal. only talking about bringing in and retaining talent.  Internal postings receive 95% of the attention for internal development of career employees.  No allowance that talent from the outside could provide fresh ideas and better perspectives to resolve problems or develop. 
Without being Shellacked for ten years survivability low. 

Understated reserves and poor exploration success has plagued the company for more than five years.
Pros: Global Fully integrated Oil and Gas company. Sufficient resources to do work. Great employer for a career as a specialist in an exploration and production technology.  Good general but limited in true details about important company activity around the globe, especially if negative. Management decisions are made by stakeholder concensus rather than command and control.  This is to Shell's credit.  No project or initiative fails, this is not possible.  Shiney side is always up.  Branding is unbeatable and clean restrooms are tops! Shareholders should expect more. Many jobs are moving offshore that should be good for other countries.

Cons: Yes. Slow to respond to both external and internal forces.
Advice: Spend less time on process and more on action.
Pros: Great people to work with and a wide varitey of experinces...international opportunities and growth through travel are the main benefits. The opportunioty to learn different approaches in your field is excellent and cannot be underestimated., You meet many different cultures and experiences...travel is fantastic...exposure to different management styles is a good learning experience.
