Cons: Very bureaucratic, very individualistic, too structured/boxed-in, tough for new people to adapt, slow to adapt/change, people change jobs too often so it is difficult to find someone experienced to guide you, unwelcoming to new ideas, lacks creativity
Advice: There is much lip service paid to the desire to bring in high-performers and new ideas from experienced hires.  However, if the new hire doesn't fit perfectly into the mold of "the Shell mindset" then their ideas are ignored.  If there truly is a desire to bring in new ideas, HR or management should find ways to support those who bring valuable insights to the table.  ...otherwise, like me and most under-35 colleagues of mine, they will start looking for their next job out of frustration from regularly dealing with the old guard.  What this company needs is for more people and fewer projects, so that employees and the company can actually develop.  Otherwise it will always be just a machine following a program.
Pros: International opportunities, outstanding pay and benefits, good work/life balance

Cons: Upper Management doesn't care about their field employee's and the competitive condition's they face every day versus other retail and wholesale oil marketer's.  They think that Shell is the only brand worth anything and that the brand should open doors and enable you to make sales with very little support, just a lot of scrutiny and negative feedback.
Advice: Wake up and realize that Shell is NOT the wonderful brand you think it is here in the United States.  Outside of the major metro area's (LA, SF, Chicago, etc.), Shell is not the only brand in the marketplace.  There are too many independent brands that the public would prefer to buy from due to Shell's street high pricing.  Get a clue !!!
Pros: Good pay and benefits, but you pay dearly for them.

Cons: Engineers/Technical folks tend to "work in silo". They tend to cause alot of miscommunication and rework.
Advice: Monetary recognition awards on a local level to encourage employees who go above and beyond.
Pros: The benefit package, one of the best in the industry. Company takes good care of employees by providing great medical benefits, pension, 401K and other investing opportunities, work-life balance, 9/80's, low cost child-care, discount programs, healthy lifestyle discounts, list is endless, ect. Company provides employes all the tools for work and encouranges employee participation in many townhalls, keeping employees up to date on business results and goals. Overall good managers who help guide your career. Many tools for self improvement on personal and professional level.

Cons: With emphasis on standardized work processes to lower costs, individuality becomes difficult.  HR system seems to favor only management oriented profiles.
Advice: The body is many parts not just the head.  Advancement should recognize that different jobs require different types of people not just those who score high on standardized CAR (Capacity, Aptitude, Relationships) assessments.  I
Pros: Generally hire top quartile grads with great potential.  Not a place for the dimwitted or the lazy.   Many advancement opportunities for those who seek it and work the extra hours.  High expectations for performance and thoroughness to advance.

Cons: NO work/life balance in IT positions, bureaucracy at its worst, things take forever to get anything done, leadership fluctuates back and forth between business models every few years, resulting in constant layoffs and rehires.
Advice: Your "streamline" processes adds more work for everyone.  Stop changing your mind on the direction of the company every few years.  Morale was terrible when I left the company.
Pros: Great Pay, good work/life balance depending on the group, great training, will pay for your MBA which is really nice, amazing retirement benefits

Cons: There is a heavy focus on protocol and procedure so it can feel at times that there is more focus on the business of doing business than moving projects forward.
Advice: The company structure is not current and it may become increasingly difficult to maintain a diverse body of employees.
Pros: The wealth of knowledge and project exposure is very good.  They are an industry heavyweight and set standards for how the rest of the industry does business.

Cons: It is difficult to get things done that do not follow the norm.
Advice: Work on improving the corporate culture.  There is a lot of red tape and resistance to new ideas.  Shell can be a great place to work but the empowerment of certain functions to just say no to commercial makes it a challenging environment to make progress.
Pros: Generally there is good job security and compensation.

Cons: Senior management promoted so fast they never learn what it is to do real work and so only follow fashion.
Advice: You have better lower staff than higher.  Purge 50% of grade 1 and above and promote everyone below grade 2.
Pros: Excellent technical staff
Conscientious, very hard working, team-oriented coworkers
Excellent benefits
Good salary and bonuses

Cons: All companies have inefficiencies and issues, but Shell is the best experience that I have had to date (I have worked at three other companies).
Advice: There should be a technical advancement ladder that parallels the management advancement ladder.
Pros: - Very competitive salary and benefits
 - Great working environment
 - People work well together and get along for the most part

Cons: As with most large companies, business decisions can often be slow. Sometimes decisions that affect North America are made from the Netherlands that may not make common sense.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work environment. Safety first. Managers have respect for others. Good work life balance. Excellent benefits. Very transparent. Good promotion opportunities.

Cons: Highly political
Very Eurocentric
Lower pay vs industry counterparts
Advice: Keep up the revised strategy. Do away with Current Estimated Potential.  It is too opaque
Pros: Good Management
Growing part of the organization
Will be rewarded in bonus for your hard work and contribution
Great benefits and pension plan

Cons: too many processes to jump through sometimes to get work done (but situation is improving), too many silos (team communication inadequate),
Advice: decentralize some decision making (i.e. somethings work differently in US, especially TX)
Pros: safety conscious, competitive salary & benefits, flexible work-life balance, challenging work if you want it

Cons: very political, strong personalities in the managment and staff can make it a stressfull enviroment
Advice: keep negative observations to your self if you don't manage the operations
Pros: Good pay & Bennifits, great co-workers, very safe company culture, huge oppertunities to take career in new directions.

Cons: management a bit stuck in the past, but no worse than at most big majors; sometimes change is a bit slow to happen
Advice: None
Pros: easy schedule, decent salary, opportunties for advancement, lots of smart people in the company, good rotational programs for career development

Cons: Sometimes competition gets a bit over the top, but that could be the case anywhere. I am very satisfied with my time at Shell.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, compensation is very fair and lifestyle is appreciated. The atmosphere is competitive and challenging.

Cons: There are some delays in management when it comes to staff development.
Advice: Management should speed up the process to develop staff and provide staff with an honest guidance.
Pros: Great Life & Work balance.  Perfect solution for working parents.

Cons: International opportunities, new hire development inconsistencies
Advice: Would be good to have a more overall and consistent support of the new hire program
Pros: Benefits, compensation, work-life balance, safety focus

Cons: Bureaucratic.  Many actions don't align to vision & strategy.  Middle-management often more concerned about managing up rather than subordinates
Advice: None
Pros: Strength of organization. Vision and strategy.

Cons: Poor pay, no benefits, "interesting" customers, boredom.
Advice: Management could benefit from promoting from within and acting like they value their employees.
Pros: Great coworkers, interesting customers, something to do.

Cons: Poor management. Poor management. Poor management. Poor management. Poor management.
Advice: Pay based on hourly performance!
Pros: Decent place to work in when you are going to be in a research facility. Highly recommended as a part time job.

Cons: cultural norms may impede new thinking
Advice: Don't try to "Shell"-ize new talent, particularly from the outside.  It defeats the purpose of bringing in outside thinking
Pros: great pay, great benefits, longevity

Cons: It's a big company and layoffs happen often
Advice: Look inside the company first for promotion opportunities
Pros: The people are very knowledge and encourage upward movement

Cons: Extremely large company can be hard to navigate
Advice: Cut through the layers and figure out what is going on at the ground level
Pros: Global opportunities, smart people, people-oriented environment

Cons: Analysis paralysis, and shriking senior level opportunity
Advice: Be wary of "leaking" talent as compensation and opportunity are moved out of US.
Pros: Great people, and challenging work

Cons: Lots of offshoring, limited domestic opportunity, resource constraints not addressed
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and high salary -- standard for industry

Cons: As the station is right next to a community college, the station can get very busy at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent managers and great employees.

Cons: Less accountability than at other companies; corporate HQ overseas
Advice: None
Pros: Very structured company with high quality coworkers; good work-life balance

Cons: Not great to move up or friendly plac eto work. Hard to deal with the suppliers. I did not like the place.
Advice: 
Pros: I think the best is the company has good benefits . I would say they will cover many medical benefits. Thanks.

Cons: Limited promotion opportunity, politics and IT bureaucracy
Advice: Flexible rewards
Pros: Pension, benefits and work conditions

Cons: Success depends highly on relationships and networking skill.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture where people matter

Cons: none so far and continue so
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent employer, principled, work life balance

Cons: neutral salary, travels, small carrer advancement
Advice: Lower  gas price
Pros: Working hours, co-workers, steady job
