Cons: Need to be really good at getting on the good side of managers to be promoted. Promotion opportunities are few and far between. Inconsistent work load, and very much depend on your manager and your team. I've been to teams where I spent all my waking hours working and some teams where I spend half of my days doing nothing, and the pay is the same. The Wells organization doesn't have good job security with the energy transition in the near future, and leadership is doing nothing to encourage people to stay in Wells or at Shell.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of great managers, while some are not good and not fit for leadership roles. High impact projects that look good on your resume.

Cons: New Orleans location has some of the worst management that I have ever seen in my life.
Some of the male employees would hit on the female interns which is very unprofessional.
Work can be very slow if you only work on offshore assets.
Advice: You need to clean up the management from New Orleans and its work culture. It is a frat house over there and not in a good way. Some of the managers are terrible to the interns and that needs to be looked into more. Sexual harassment in the work place creates a toxic atmosphere for everyone. Try to replicate Houston's management style into New Orleans
Pros: Great environment with some of the smartest people you will meet.
Challenging but rewarding.
Houston is the best location to work compared to any of the other USA locations.

Cons: Owner blamed me for something an employee with a long track record of doing the specific task at hand, incorrectly. The Owner then called me to come in on my off days for training. After a week of attempting to talk to him about the situation being unfair, while being continuously shut down, I had no choice but to quit.
Advice: Maybe put both employees in training, claiming that since no one else was around, instead of blaming the newer employee that has proven for the past 3 months that they are capable of completing the tasks correctly.
Pros: Good Hours, Okay Pay, Easy Job.

Cons: They don't care about employees in their graduate program. Even with all of these programs and systems in place they still seem cluttered and don't know how to entice employees to stay. Big exodus of employees so far.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation - Not the best in the market
Good benefits
If you get lucky you can get a lot of interesting roles, unfortunately that is not always the case.
Excellent work life balance and a priority on taking time off

Cons: The stores tend to make a lot of noises that you have to get used to and your social life might suffer
Advice: Train people enough that they don't call you in the middle of the night with questions
Pros: There's a simple routine to night shift and a lot of free time if you know how to handle it all

Cons: At certain plants there were no advancement opportunities due to management hiring unqualified friends. And no response or help from HR when the issues was reported. Underlying racism as well as setting people up for failure and completely ruining advancement opportunities for people by giving horrible IDP's and GPA's.
Advice: Investigate pay grade jumping and verify actual credentials of people  who've gotten grandfathered in positions that EVERYONE knows they aren't qualified for.
Pros: Pay and benefits were great.

Cons: Can be very cyclical depending on your line of business (downsizing), mentorship is often lacking for career progression, slow to react to recommended changes.
Advice: Better training or guidance for senior managers to mentor. Promoting high performers who aren't fit to be mentors is a great recipe for losing highly talented employees (particularly in Trading).
Pros: Very well compensated, surrounded by smart motivated people, great benefits and fairly good work life balance.

Cons: Leadership got bank loans to pay dividends to shareholders in the middle of a crisis, so they had to fire people to close the money gap.
Advice: People are your real assets, you are selling them short.
Pros: Great Place to learn. Innovation is welcome.

Cons: Managers are out of sync and promote choicest engineering schools/colleges employees
Advice: If you promote the right people and allow the right people to help the company, billions can be made
Pros: Company has good pay package with the bonus

Cons: Massive company comes with bureaucracy. Upward mobility and salary ranges can be very limited by individual bosses. Very slow to deal with underperformance or bad leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with high caliber people in a fast-paced environment. Get to have varied experiences. Moving into the energy transition with real investment.

Cons: No bonus because they are subjective based on how the company performs. 

The worst work/life balance I had ever experience. They "give" you every other Friday off, however, you better be online working or else you will fall behind. I would find myself working sometimes until midnight during the week to keep up with work. At times, I would work on the weekends to stay up to date and would notice my coworkers and cross-functional teams would be doing the same as they would be "online" via skype. Shell used skype (like many use Zoom) for you to show your online status (offline, away, in a meeting, etc.). Managers would use your online status to gauge how "good" of an employee you were. I was warned/counseled by my upper management because they noticed my online status had been "away" 3 times in a day for 20 mins each time and to them that was unacceptable. Diversity and Inclusion is not a top priority. If your last name did not start with "Van something" or you are not Dutch, forget about climbing the corporate ladder there. Dealt with 5 reorganizations in two years, which means it is very unstable and many people kept getting laid off.
Advice: Stop walking around the floors like you are some big shot and humble yourselves.
Pros: Worked at Shell in Woodcreek in Houston, TX. The only thing that was worth about working for Shell oil sector was the pay. Eventhough I never received a bonus.

Cons: O&amp;G is a hard industry to be in. lots of ups and downs. schedule is a bit difficult as well
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, awesome coworkers, great benefits

Cons: Can be slow to make decisions
Advice: Keep up the good work. Shell employees have a lot of pride in the name
Pros: Great culture. Really respectful management

Cons: THey're a dinosaur when it comes to futureproofing ... they want people in the office which is so dumb.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay. Advancement isn't truly a meritocracy. A lot of talent just gets the 'hall pass' of favoritism and they're catapulted to the top.

Cons: Slow in decision making; company in transition process creates less efficiency.
Advice: None
Pros: Treat people well, good work environment, and people relationship

Cons: Low pay, low mobility, enormous workload, short-staffed, poor training, rude clientele.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, kind and understanding managers

Cons: Strong engagement with many stakeholders (sometimes too many) needed to deliver project and really impact the business.
Advice: None
Pros: International company provides many opportunities

Cons: Nepotism and favoritism very toxic work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work . Fun environment and simple tasks

Cons: Toxic 24/7 culture when it comes to ops-facing roles
Advice: Listen to employees.
Pros: Care for people, healthy balance of compensation and work life balance

Cons: work life ba;ance is terible
Advice: None
Pros: ok to work for all in all

Cons: location is not preferred. looking for something nearby
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule, great benefit and great work environment

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Learned communication skills and basic retail skills.

Cons: Such a big company can be slow
Advice: None
Pros: Shell takes care of its people

Cons: Limited growth opportunities and promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good working culture and people

Cons: Stress and headache mental illness
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent and wonderful worth the stress

Cons: Did not have any breaks.
Advice: None
Pros: Responsibilities and tasks are easy to do or maintain.

Cons: your team matters. If they're not good, you have to work more
Advice: None
Pros: good for students; they have benefits

Cons: I have no cons to list
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Friendly and was able to meet people

Cons: Working on holidays was probably the worst thing.
Advice: None
Pros: You are treated fairly and they work with your schedule

Cons: It depends on the sites, the results are different
Advice: None
Pros: OK to work there for a long time

Cons: Poor management, lead to leaving the company
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced fun environment that could be picked up easily

Cons: Becoming highly political
Not focused on performance
Highly bureaucratic
Advice: None
Pros: Strong Values
Wants to Lead Energy Transition
Opportunities for High Performers

Cons: time-consuming, Not worth the pay, and lots of work
Advice: Better styles of management, maybe more focus on employees.
Pros: Easy, lots of growth, and flexible

Cons: Sold the area I work in to another entitiy.
Advice: Management does a superior job at keeping everyone pleased with schedules and shift relief.
Pros: Good Pay for the industry standard.

Cons: Larger corporation, Frequent Meetings, Annual reviews, great company overall
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay
Great training 
Great vacation 
Good environment 
Excellent leadership

Cons: Parking lot is not great.
Advice: None
Pros: Very safety oriented. Everyone is helpful and friendly. Very engaging as a team. Facility is nice and well maintained.

Cons: Alot of people at the company
Advice: trim down the team sizes
Pros: great leadership from all businesses

Cons: No cons for the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, great place to work

Cons: Hostile Work environment 
Managers that don’t care about you and your development
Little room for growth 
Long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Pension 
401k match
Stock Plan
4 months maternity leave

Cons: Opportunity to learn new technologies is limited
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance
Caring amd Understanding Team

Cons: Repeditive, salary was rough, retail enviroment, toxic / negative employees common.
Advice: None
Pros: Routine work, great management, meeting lots of people often.

Cons: You will be in uncomfortable situations with customers and you will need to learn how to deal with it. You can't make everyone happy.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Great place to improve your soft skills, such as communication.

Cons: not much room for upward movement
not much communication from management
Advice: communicate with your employees
Pros: pay is good for a teen
not difficult work

Cons: Terrible management dosent work with you on days you cant work
Advice: None
Pros: Not much to say lol

Cons: Most of the IT staff is in India. If you're in the US, 5:00 and 6:00 AM meetings are not unusual (but not really common). If you're in India, expect to be on calls after 7 with US staff. You may not be on the same continent with the rest of your team or your lead or your manager.

It's still a consensus-based culture, and I'd like to see more managers able to make the tough decision and move forward, even if not everyone agrees. It still feels like it takes too long for anything to happen.

Weekly 1-on-1s with your supervisor are not part of the culture.
Advice: Require everyone's annual performance goals to be measurable and have a time component. All of the GPAs I saw (in IT) up the line had at least a couple vaguely defined goals that were written so that there was no way to be accountable for not achieving the goal.
Pros: Lots of talented people to work with. Lots of challenging projects. 

Wonderful pay and benefits; they are targeted at the 75th percentile. The company is extremely concerned about your health &amp; safety and work-life balance. The full package here is practically unbeatable.

Cons: Don't work here ever ever
Advice: You suck
Pros: Weekly pay free soda meet cool people

Cons: slow to adopt company standards such as work from home
Advice: None
Pros: great pay, great people, great culture

Cons: Fast paced
Toxic work environment
Management that chose favorites
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is alright
Variety of things to do

Cons: Sold us without giving us a heads up. Screwing many folks out of their pension.
Advice: None
Pros: No pros whatsoever. They care more about diversity than actually performing well.

Cons: the corporate structure get old quit
Advice: None
Pros: the jobs has good benefits

Cons: They don't offer over time.
Advice: I would suggest  their starting out wages.
Pros: They treat you like family.

Cons: I cannot think of any :)
Advice: None
Pros: Devirse and really into safety culture

Cons: Bad management
No care for professional development
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay 
Maternity/ paternity leave
Education

Cons: Promotions based on Network not merit
Job Security
Do not use the full skill set of employees
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits
Good work culture
Inclusive atmosphere

Cons: Even the managers don't know how to do their jobs. And they are quick to discriminate against you.
Advice: be more companionate, show empathy for your fellow human being.
Pros: There are no pros to working with this company.

Cons: Opportunities not equal amongst peers
Limited development options
Advice: None
Pros: Less top-down hierarchy than most peers

Cons: Crazy customers who don’t have none to do
Advice: None
Pros: Get to do what u want weekly pay

Cons: a good employer to be necessary.
Advice: be kind
Pros: i am so interested in my field.

Cons: Big company and can have complex processed
Advice: None
Pros: Staff development and opportunities for growth

Cons: Initiative over-load; spent more that half of my time in useless meetings -- did not have enough time to get real work done.
Advice: Despite the cuts, it is still too top heavy
Pros: Very tolerant and respectful culture

Cons: Everything about this place sucks
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing that I have experienced

Cons: Collaboration with overseas colleagues can be challenging especially with so many support roles outsourced to India. 5AM is their evening so finding overlapping working hours is nearly impossible.
Bonuses are tied to the oil price and profitability of the company. While I understand that, some of my highest performing years have been years when bonuses have been cut to 0%.
While technical knowledge is valued, my role as an advisor doesn't allow me to focus much on individual technologies. I feel a mile wide and an inch deep on many technical topics because of this.
Shell constantly talks about upskilling and spending work time on training. However I have found that they rarely actually make time for anything but basic training.
Advice: Make more time for training
Defend the roles you support against scope creep
Pros: Shell has a solid benefits package and pays well for the region I'm in. Working as an IT advisor in the manufacturing space provides lots of exposure to IT and business processes which has served as an excellent learning opportunity. Hours are usually stable with some extra work expected around major maintenance events and during large projects.

Cons: - Culture is starting to become harsh and toxic. Convent culture is polluting the leadership team.
- Growth opportunities are limited. Once upon a time there were plenty of growth opportunities across the Shell businesses. Now its non-existent. Manufacturing employees are seen as black sheep of Shell business.
- Leadership does not practice what is preached. 
- Company politics involved with personnel moves and promotions.
- Terrible reliability and operational performance that metrics are hiding.
- Over worked Engineers nights and weekends for areas they do not support.
- No focus on career path. Development plan is a paper work exercise for managers.
Advice: Listen to your employees. Shell People Survey results are speaking the truth. Correct the issues before employees continue to leave.
Pros: - Pay is well and beats competitors in similar industry.
- Before Convent personnel joined, culture was friendly.
- 9/80 flex schedule.

Cons: Work life balance is non existent at a refinery/chemical plant.
Been with Shell for 7 years and went thru 3 reorg/layoffs already. Seems like the industry growth isn’t just slowing, it’s contracting.
Management decision is very slow. They seem to have lofty goals but doesn’t really accomplish them. More and more I feel like management is trying to push more and more site wide initiatives onto individual contributors which is frustrating because individual contributors don’t have the same pull as a manager or senior manager.
Constantly in meetings that feel like nothing is accomplished and no value is added.
Advice: Keep large initiatives at management level. Have more vision than just cost cutting and “becoming more lean” because it clearly isn’t making the impact that it should. Try looking at more options to make more money rather than putting all of your focus on spending less.
Pros: Very good health insurance, 401k, pension, bonus (performance bonus and turnaround bonus).

Cons: The biggest drawback was the internal squabbles that would go on behind the scenes, that wouldn't be visible to some visiting or is new but it doesn't take long to pickup on the various clicks and whom belong to which... Actually really sad considering the company is an internationally known company with prestige but the battle of the various clicks was very high schoolish, if you weren't a permanent employee you felt very vulnerable...
Advice: Explain to your members staff and alike that this type of juvenile is counter-productive to being a company of this stature.
Pros: Overall was the experience was an enjoyable one while working there, and the pay was very competitive and above average as long as you didn't mind the daily commute into downtown.

Cons: Depending on your skill set, you can be pigeon holed quickly (and it could take you years to figure it out). Management and HR literally estimate your maximum potential at the company. I lovingly referred to it as my glass ceiling. There are periods when they hire management from other companies, which disincentivized people in management to stay. (Look at the bios of top management in the US to see if they left Shell and came back.) Maybe this has changed since I have left, but it’s something to keep in mind for career planning.
Advice: Grow from within. Could be better on the diversity of management (women and persons of color).
Pros: Good benefits, great people and a good place to make an impact.

Cons: Downstream is worse than upstream. These comments are related to downstream at Shell. Sr leaders do no stay in their roles long enough. Result….they don’t know what they are doing. They only manage for the qtr, week, day…not for long term profitability or viability. Everyone there is just looking to keep their head down so they don’t fired. They say you are free to speak your mind….you are not. You can say only what they want to hear…but really challenge and you will be gone at the next re-0rg. They Re-org about every 2-3 years. Not a great place to work.
Advice: Keep Sr leaders in their role for 6+ year at a min.  
Set up businesses so 2-3 level of management can run their whole show without a ton of other approvals needed….and hold them accountable for results.
Fire all the Sr leaders of today….they are worthless.
Pros: If you manage to gut out 30 years…the benefit are fantastic. They do allow you to do many different things over your career.

Cons: The political pressures to move toward renewable or cleaner energy is causing Shell to devalue strong platforms like fuels and lubricants. They are cutting headcount there when this is the cash cow for them. The strategic changes are opening the door for competition to take business.

Mid-level managers are being cut dramatically making it hard for future folks to advance in their careers.
Advice: Do your best. The senior leaders are trying to save the future of the business. Treat people with respect as you go through the changes... many of you do this really well.
Pros: Great people who are trained to work well together, collaborate, and put the customer first.

Cons: Shell is trying to be more agile as a company, but still has a way to go in this area. So it can be frustrating how long business decisions can take.
Advice: Keep focus on changing the company to make it more competitive in the future.
Pros: Shell is a global company that is involved in every aspect of Energy. This provides many opportunities for individuals to grow professionally by working for many different parts of the industry from traditional Oil and Gas to the growing Renewables businesses. There is an expectation that professionals should continue to learn and grow, taking on new roles with more responsibilities.

Cons: Highly competitive
US based employees often work long hours - common in the petrochemical industry though
Job stability is concerning: Off-shoring US Based jobs to 3rd world countries to take advantage of low salaries/minimal benefits.
Advice: Dig deeper into “middle management”  to weed out the DEI bad actors...
Pros: Best in Industry salary and benefits including paid paternity leave and domestic partner coverage!
Strong DEI culture! 
New performance ranking process is much more objective - truly outstanding performance is rewarded.
Offers a tremendous amount of growth and development opportunity if you decide to get in the drivers seat of your career - those who take a passive approach will be left behind.

Cons: - Feel like your work doesn't have as much of an impact since it's such a big company, the progress you do in your role might be erased by the frequent chance in management and/or company processes were you are forced to start over or scrapping a project or campaign all together.
- Lot's of red tape to do things since it's such a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: - Best benefits and pay in the industry
- Have the chance to gain and learn additional skills and chances to experience different roles
- Collaborate with colleagues from all around the world
- Work with really smart colleagues
- A lot of paid time off and vacations

Cons: Strange company culture.  The company expects employees to work for them forever.  Company expects 100% loyalty, but doesn't offer it in return.  Talking about anything outside the company is taboo, whether it is an idea that originated from outside the company, part-time continuing education at a university, or future career plans.  Company offers tuition reimbursement as a benefit, but there never seems to be budget for it and you're always told it won't help your career and there are plenty of internal trainings to take.  Company moved IT and HR to an offshore call center. Anytime you need to talk to someone from HR or IT you need to call a 1800 number and get put on hold for hours and then receive poor customer service.  The company's back office financial department is a mess.  Nobody knows how to get invoices paid on time or bill from one department to another.  Promotions are based on years with the company (they don't really care if you had 10 year of experience at another company before joining the company), internal certifications that mean nothing outside of the company, and who you know.  Company expects you to relocate with your family every few years.  I've seen this destroy families.  Very burocratic company, everything is driven by process, but it seems like nobody knows the process, and it seems like there are multiple processes for the same thing.
Advice: None, I think the company is so big that things are not able to be changed.
Pros: Very high pay compared to other engineering jobs.  Starting salary was 50% higher out of college than average starting salary for someone with an engineering degree.  Bonus is good (when we get one).  Great relocation benefits when the company asks you to move.  Work-life balance can be good depending on your role.

Cons: 1. Too many empires under the control of individuals without adequate oversights.
2. Sometimes slow decison-making process.
3. Staff evaluation process is reactive and encourages manipulations.
Advice: 1. Top decision-makers should get closer to the shop floors to get true pictures of situations instead of depending too much on layers of supervisors.
2. Adopt a more proactive staff evaluation process that encourages coaching and high productivity.
3. Adopt more agile business approaches.
Pros: 1. Highly organized with many experienced individuals.
2. Always at the forefront of new developments in the energy and related industry.
3. Trusted brand name.

Cons: Woke Ideology, HR, Middle Management, and Graduate Program. HR is not straightforward with Graduate hires in terms of career progression and expectations. Too much focus on Woke ideology and conformity in the workplace.
Advice: Focus more on the business/making money and less on ideology. Leaders should make the business a priority instead of wasting time mandating CRT policies that divide the coworkers.
Pros: Benefits, Salary, Senior Leaders, and Facilities. Like most Oil and Gas companies, Shell pays well and has good benefits.

Cons: Bureaucratic, slow, arrogant. Work life balance is terrible, they will work you to the ground
Advice: Strive to change from a company that thinks it knows it all... to one that tries to continually learn and grow and adapt.   The arrogance of the former is stifling and unattractive culturally, to gen-ex's, millennials and younger generation employees. Also, walk the talk in upper management when it comes to diversity.  A leadership board full of white boomer males sends the wrong message.
Pros: Top O&amp;G operator, one of the best, lots of good benefits

Cons: Terrible development programs, all trappings of a typical super major(no accountability &amp; burdened by massive bureaucracies)
Advice: Make a plan and drive it down the reporting chain, ensure your team has clear guidance on success, get input from everyone on your team not a select few, be careful of those that seem to never disagree with you as your confirmation bias is can dissuade you from the truth,
Pros: Great Benefits
With the right connections you can go wherever you please by working the system

Cons: Manager rotten to the core, violated every single discrimination, including race, gender, sexual orientation. Complained by multiple people for harassment, yet HR failed to take proper action, the manager even got promoted with big raise. Half the team lost their faith and left the company.
Advice: Don't buy into the corporate values mumbo jumbo, managers don't lead by example. If you face harassment, don't bother to complain to HR, because HR will only protect the managers, not you.  Complaining will only lead to retaliation, even though HR tells you it is not allowed, don't believe it.  Essentially, your career will be gone.  Best is to move to another company, and don't wait too long like me.
Pros: Good money, many good people

Cons: Most times your left alone while other employees are hiding off camera. If you can manage 2 registers at once, you'll do fine!
Advice: Make sure that all the work does not fall on one employee be sure to pay attention to what your employees are doing and which ones are working harder than others to cover the slack. Other than that management is fine.
Pros: Boss is extremely flexible and helpful, has no problem letting you take sick days and is very understanding probably the best boss I've had it any job!

Cons: - Company may choose to keep or install less than adequate equipment.
Advice: Thank you for always being flexible and fair on your end to allow a great work/life balance.
Pros: -Training with fellow employees is respectful and thorough.
- Company provides great work environment and tools needed to do the job.
- Pay is equitable and benefits are substantial 
- Good work/life balance
-Management is fair and flexible
- Personable staff that will go out of their way to help you if needed.
- Safety is priority for hourly, staff, and contractors.

Cons: Difficult to keep external networks due to need to continually internally network for your next position.
Advice: It is ok to allow leaders to continue to develop in a given vertical if that is where their passion resides - stop trying to force move people across the gambit of up, mid &amp; downstream and functions.
Pros: Solid if you plan on remaining your entire career at there. Reshuffles occur about every 4 years and even without, job roles are typically 3-4 years... good opportunity to see different areas.

Cons: It takes a Loooong time to get trained here.
SEVERAL units are understaffed and require you to work a LOT. Which is great for your bank account but really puts a lot of your family life on hold. Usually ending in divorce.
Advice: Retire
Pros: Pension
10% 401k after 9 years
Medical for family is about 500 a month, but coverage is great.
Free cancer and heart screenings. Any procedures required covered 100%.
A lot of small "perks" like auto discounts, gym reimbursement, boot allowance, etc.

Cons: Work environments are highly political and competitive. Known issues with backstabbing / bullying. All positions are taxed heavily with responsibilities and expectations causing a very high stress work environment. Recent corporate push to reduce discipline engineering pay opportunities. Recent corporate downsizing cutting many job and limiting career advancement opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits seem to be above or at average for skilled discipline engineering positions.

Cons: Middle management is poor at their job. The don't walk the talk on DEI. They hire diverse but do not promote. They say they care about their people, but treat them the opposite.
Advice: Please listen to your CEO when it comes to treating your people and DEI. Moral is at an all time low. A lot of people are resigning.
Pros: Benefits, pay, company moving to environmentally better business.

Cons: 401k match is terrible for new employees. Lack of direction in a huge bureaucracy makes it difficult to get things done efficiently. Consistent lay-off environment creates too much stress and distraction for employees.
Advice: Cut down on so many processes so we can be more efficient. Don’t fulfill process requirements just because, instead allow for good judgement to deviate when applicable to allow for greater efficiency and less confusion.
Pros: Great work/life balance and pay

Cons: Constantly re-organizing. Many employees have to reapply for their jobs. Many lose their jobs. American employees are viewed as too expensive and are often replaced by expats. Career path is adhoc based on jobs you can find for yourself
Advice: If you value your employees, help them secure their next role and progress their career
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Get every other Friday off

Cons: Lots of reorgs, constant changing.
Advice: Overall strategic vision is heading in the right direction, continue to be transparent and promote leaders who employ empathy.
Pros: Work with great people who want to help you succeed. Within first 3 years, you will be given real responsibility and white space to critically think and problem solve. Have worked in TX, WA and LA in 3 year period, good opportunity to travel if you seek it.

Cons: There are those that have NO business being placed in management or position of authority; especially new hires.
Advice: GPA is a two-way street.
why leave it to unfair system of annual Shell Survey to 'learn" about managers, team leads, supervisors?
The same should be equal for staff to provide upper management continuous 360 feedback on direct leads.
Pros: Unlimited resources for learning, growth and potential.
Benefits are fantastic.
Opportunity for transfer or travel.
Shell Safety is globally revered.

Cons: Employee base grows and shrinks with the market.  Entire departments will be sent offshore leaving thousands without jobs suddenly.
Advice: Make decisions and move forward.  Do t try to please everyone every time.
Pros: Truly best benefit package I’ve seen.  Coworkers were friendly, work was accomplished on schedule.  Job safety for four years at a time (hopefully!). Respectable pay for play- you do well, they will reward you well.

Cons: Limited development and progression in some functions. 

Engineering Degree driven company with way too many people that don’t ever use their degree. 

Plus, because they desire degree so much, that limits opportunities for people with real experience but no degree.
Advice: Build real relationships with staff not just superficial ones.
Pros: International and Local opportunities. As well as, opportunity to gain experience for different lines of business if you are willing to relocate.

Cons: Can feel like things are moving slowly. There is a lot of reorganization which can often feel disorienting to those who are looking for more job stability.
Advice: Take IT more seriously. Digital manufacturing is where you are headed and the leadership is ill prepared.
Pros: Great benefits and competitive pay. Lots of opportunities to move around without having to change employers. Interesting industry and opportunity to contribute to a global footprint.

Cons: Plant Shutting completely down in 2021
Advice: Realize where in the year 2021, not 1921 and it's time to get away from the "The Friends and Family Good Ole Boy System" for promotions and advancement,  Be more diverse in the company to be more represented and fair to all who work there.
Pros: Large Refinery, Plenty opportunities for promotions, Good Pay and Benefits, Great Food at onsite restaurant.

Cons: Employee theft, lack of supervision by upper management, unwillingness from upper management to reprimand employees, lack of motivated team members, no accountability required by anyone,
Advice: Pay much closer attention to transactions and supporting video footage.
Pros: Managed and operated all cash registers, store safe, store ATM, and hand held inventory tracking system also manufactured inventory accuracy by counting stock on-hand and reconciling any discrepancies with vendors or customers.

Cons: I was informed, during a two year extreme harassment and "online shame" campaign, formal retaliation has been taking place by the IT department through vendors and strategic recruiters/IT contingent workforce suppliers. The attackers claimed I had reported a boss for "harassment" (implying sexual harassment). I had made a report about a boss changing names on important documents. It handled well by the company at the time.

 I wound up leaving the company a year later, definitely NOT because I was pushed out, but because it was time to stretch after 15 years. What I found out really happened was systematic blacklisting at new jobs by IT leaders on a reactive and false premise that I had made a harassment claim to the company. I recall the benevolent warning from a contractor (military background) working with security risk teams about Shell using the vendors and third party partners to do the blacklisting. This ultimately became true, yet it also indicates the IT security and risk organizations are well aware of what they are doing by using category /suppliers this way.

One recruiter tried to negotiate my salary down WELL below market value, while two organizations were just odd I had worked with and I wondered why the tone had changed suddenly to very hostile.
Advice: Consider the chilling effect of retaliation which can result in individuals not making the right reports about ethics and safety issues. Further training for IT management on anti-retaliation policy. In depth review of the practices of the IT strategic recruiters, information security information sharing consortiums, and suppliers /consulting firms regarding both their privacy (I was digitally stalked) and anti-retaliation practices. Ratings were five star, yet now I have learned a lot after a severe incident and deliberately (possibly funded) harassment campaign.
Pros: Company was extremely committed to ethics, the environment, innovation and betterment of it's people and community most of the time I worked there. Something has changed.

Cons: The size of the company makes it difficult to get things and have decisions get made. The HR function goes through a reorg about every two years and they do not do a good job of change management.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell has great pay and benefits and in general co-workers are really good people to work with.

Cons: Departments sometimes tend to be siloed, so finding the right person or contact involves extensive networking.
Advice: I think I need more time to answer this question.
Pros: Work with some of the smartest people in Upstream Oil and Gas I have ever met. Every person is approachable and helpful. Most folks are humble as well. 9/80 is an enjoyable perk.

Cons: Too many meetings with supervisors. Redundant management. Conducting meetings over VoIP. Hard to find parking so get there early. Office is a tad warm in the summer.
Advice: Less meetings, communicate better, be reasonable with expectations of sales performance.
Pros: Good pay, competitive benefits, great teamwork, flexible hours, gorgeous office, discount on gas, business casual Fridays.

Cons: Due to the oil and gas industry, roles are typically 9-5 corporate jobs - not that exciting, small scope. You will need to grind away a few years before being placed/qualify for more interesting projects.
Advice: None
Pros: great pay, good benefits (especially Houston healthcare system), fantastic work-life balance, global reach (although each region has their own pros/cons), ratable advancement

Cons: Not attracting best talent. Shell-Laxed is common adage their to explain the laissez-faire attitude exhibited by FTE as alot of contractors apire to become converted
Advice: Seek real talent and not just what looks to make sense. Enacted vs espoused values definitely being challenged here.
Pros: Plenty of resources and opportunity to cross train

Cons: Formal training and development is lacking
Business needs always seem to come before personal interests in your career
Advice: Allow people to guide their own careers and advance based on merit. Managers shouldn't routinely block qualified employees from applying for internal promotions
Pros: Good salary and benefits
Company culture is excellent
Intelligent and driven employees

Cons: People are very rude to you
Managers will not work with you on hours
Advice: Help ur workers with hours if the hours u give them they can’t get a sitter for.
Pros: If u want fast pace or slow pace it’s here and if u love working with others this is ur spot

Cons: Lot's of uncertainty especially with the job market. If you're not in new energies there's a high chance that you'll have to worry about your job
Advice: Give the employees more control of the career path they'd like to take
Pros: Great mentors and bosses depending on which department you land up in

Cons: Continuously looking to outsource positions
Advice: Listen to the people at the bottom rather than making decisions based off of data that is easily made to look good when it's not true.
Pros: Pay, Pention, Benefits, work life balance

Cons: Connections and networking matters a lot while stepping into next roles...
Advice: None
Pros: An individual is mostly assigned to a role for max 4-5 years and then required to switch into different other roles thus he/she is able to learn fast through different exposure and multiple experience

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge
Advice: Senior leadership should work with lower level employees once / year to truly gage and evaluate  corporate/customer relationships.
Pros: Opportunity for advancement or career change throughout their numerous divisions. Very generous benefits. High income potential. They offer careers vs jobs.

Cons: Can be physically demanding to some, at times I was exhausted. Pay was minimum, but I got a small raise a month after working there.
Advice: None
Pros: Boss was very friendly and coworkers were great. Good exercise as well and got to meet a lot of people.

Cons: Used to be great people based company. Employee value proposition has diminished significantly in last 7 years. Especially in US. Otherwise would have been a 5 star employer in my humble opinion.
Advice: Best of luck in shift of business strategy.
Pros: Decent pay/benefits, smart people, global exposure.

Cons: Can be slow to change in some parts of the organization
Feels like things are getting squeezed tight these days
Need to see if Shell can manage through the Energy Transition
Advice: None
Pros: Employees are able to chart their own career path
Very good people to work for
International options

Cons: Challenged business model at the early stages of disruption. Finance function is often asked to reduce staff.
Advice: Continue to fail fast as the energy transition shakes out.
Pros: Good opportunity to see all areas of the energy business from Exploration to Retail and everything in between.

Cons: Decision by committee
Continuous recycle of decisions
Values who you know not what you know
Advice: Listen to your employee
Good ideas but badly put together by people who only care to show off and leave before things fall apart
Pros: Competitive Salary
Flexible hours
Good reputation
International footprint

Cons: Management is rude and some of the management staff are sexist
Advice: Listen to your employees when there is a problem instead of trying to bully them into only what you want done
Pros: The company itself is a good place to work

Cons: They are a union company which means you are low man and none of your off days are protected so you basically have no home life for at least 5 years.. and benefits are very expensive for such a huge company
Advice: None
Pros: They offer great pay for experience

Cons: Consider changing the annual review process to have people you work with perform annual performance versus an assigned manager that you don't get to work with one on one
Advice: None
Pros: Truly care about their employees

Cons: Some interesting projects that have exciting scopes are outsourced to contractors. This makes it difficult to get hands on experience for such projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with great benefits. Wide exposure to cutting edge projects. Job satisfaction and relative stability. Great work-life balance

Cons: Honestly no real downside here. 9/80’s are wonderful; having that every other Friday off.
Advice: None
Pros: Organization that truly cares about the wellness of their employees. Drives self care and mental awareness. Offers one half-a day a month for self care and balance.

Cons: My experience at shell was overall an great experience. I’m grateful for the opportunity to work for them unfortunately my position was outsourced.
Advice: None
Pros: Provided great experience for growth. Refined my skills as a professional. Help provide great work - life balance.

Cons: You have to stand the whole shift but you do get to sit during breaks. Sometimes you have to deal with angry customer. Must have patience
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced easy work with opportunities to build customer service skills. Flexible schedule and good employee benefits

Cons: Schedule, Management, Bad Attitude problems for lower position workers
Advice: Try to see what your employees want from you and consider it and be more flexible with schedules and schedule changes
Pros: Pay, health benefits, 401 k,

Cons: Too much talk of safety and not enough acting on it.
Advice: Be more professional when dealing with personal matters of employees.
Pros: The benefits packages are more than adequate if you plan on making a long-term 15+ years to the company.

Cons: Downtown location. Stress and intensity can be extremely high, especially during hurricane season and other natural disasters. Must be on call frequently.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team. High sophistication. Fast paced. Really felt like i was making an impact. Downtown location.

Cons: Some customers are bad at handling their moods, so you have to handle any situation, even with dangerous people.
Advice: Raise the wage
Pros: Helping customers for gas and shopping, handling cash is a good way to manage and adquire experience.

Cons: Outsourcing and organizational reshaping is to be expected at every 3-5 years which may have you applying to keep your own job that you've been doing well.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Pay, Benefits and ahead of the curve work-life balance, flexible schedules

Cons: Slow to implement change, too much red tap
Advice: Take care of your team leads who are often sandwiched between top management and their direct reports.
Pros: Great benefits, Respect for the people

Cons: Not enough time in the shift to complete all tasks, but the incoming shift does pick up where you left off.
Advice: Continue doing what you're doing. I systems in place are tremendous.
Pros: Management are very professional and assist whenever possible.

Cons: It’s difficult for me to think of anything. I have truly enjoyed my last 15 years and intend on working at least 10 more here.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful, intelligent people 
Diverse workforce spread across the globe
Great flexibility and support for family life

Cons: Can be busy/dead from hour to hour. 
Easy( it can get boring)
You don't really get brakes during your shift 
You have to stand for your shift
Advice: None
Pros: Good for first part-time job.
Easy
Laid back 
No real manual labor

Cons: Very large and beurocratic. Red tape can make it challenging and frustrating to get work done.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Company really cares about their employees. They hire very talented and genuinely good people.

Cons: Rapid changes and devaluing of the HR organization leading to massive cuts.
Advice: None
Pros: People are smart, hard working, and care deeply about the impact of the company.

Cons: Be wise and also be proud of what you can do
Advice: Always be proud of what you are and never look down on anyone
Pros: Be yourself always no matter where and when

Cons: Demanding schedule and work / life balance
Slow to embrace remote work prior to Covid
Decreasing presence in US job market
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and Benefits are great
Coworkers generally very friendly and ethical
Many opportunities to grow or move into different areas

Cons: they didn't pay me what they were supposed to waited months for the raise and never got it. once i decided to quit they told me to wait but i waited plenty
Advice: None
Pros: free drinks from the soda fountain

Cons: Large and very bureaucratic organization makes getting anything done difficult. Be prepared to be a cog in the machine.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Stability. Treat People Well. Effort at being an ethical energy company.

Cons: At least 3 reorganizations over last 6 years and continued job outlook uncertainty
Advice: None
Pros: Care for people, work/life balance, good pay, trying to get on board with transition away from fossil fuels

Cons: Slow progression, slow to make decisions. Buddy system values who you know, not what you contribute.
Advice: Be agile, eliminate buddy system and replace it for meritocracy.
Pros: Compensation, work life balance, locations

Cons: Way too many offshore workers are replacing U.S. employees. Culture difference and politics sometimes make Shell an uncomfortable place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice colleagues and company culture within the U.S. teams generally.

Cons: Convoluted decision making, impersonal HR, reactive corporate culture.
Advice: Don't pretend you are smarter than you are.
Pros: Good benefits, wide array of job options, reasonable salary.

Cons: -some of the costumers who came in made the job very difficult.
Advice: None
Pros: -amazing work environment. 
-bosses and coworkers made the job so much easier.

Cons: High cost of benefits 
Stingy with OT 
New hires never work holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Operator lead management compared to that of engineering found at other companies. 
I have a job in uncertain times.

Cons: Management is very messy.
Sometimes have to do work of others because there are so many no shows.
Rude customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Flexibility
Overtime work
They support people who is trying to pay for college.
Have opportunities for growth and promotion

Cons: working at night and on the holidays. That kind of sucks when a family has a gathering and I have to go to work.
Advice: Just pay more
Pros: The customers are pretty good.

Cons: Sometimes has to operate in difficult political climate
Advice: Go one step below in organizational evaluations to receive honest assessment about your managers
Pros: Global expertise in the energy industry

Cons: People there did not do there job.. they put a lot on others to make up that work they could not do..
Advice: Not good management
Pros: Nice stores and great hours

Cons: She would believe her friends instead of actually the people that say the true
Advice: None
Pros: Good people clean places helpful good to work with easy

Cons: As a big company, sometimes too much structure.
Advice: Stay consistent, resist flavor of the year consultants changing things too often.
Pros: High quality peers to learn from. Well paid.

Cons: Depending on the team/job profile, the role may demand a significant amount of your time
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work on projects that are challeneging, which helps you learn

Cons: Poor management, lack of communication.
Advice: Positive attitude towards employees would go a long way.
Pros: Time passes by very fast. Get to know new customers every day.

Cons: It's a very political organisation. It is hard to move jobs or get a promotion unless you know someone.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are good and the work-life balance was good.

Cons: Large corporate politics
Frequent re-organizations
Poor bonus performance the last few years.
New leadership
Constant leadership churn
Slow to move
Advice: None
Pros: Transitioning company through energy transition
Thought leadership
Compensation/Benefits
Work Flexibility
Generally good leaders
Brand recognition

Cons: They tried to keep my last check , eventually they released it.
Advice: Representatives with a positive attitude, there is no way to advance here.
Pros: They accompanied the shift I requested.

Cons: Lower paying than most other oil companies. Going green is a high priority, losing sight of what we are good at.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Large company with good amount of opportunity.

Cons: Bureaucratic. Often takes a lot of time to do things or change things. Can be frustrating when you want to move fast.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance. Great pay. Amazing benefits.

Cons: Major focus on cost cutting and many jobs are going to the Indian side of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are great and work life balance is excellent

Cons: Pay was not so great after working 70 hours week with no over time pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Meeting new people everyday and taking time to help them is a plus.

Cons: Perception of working for an energy company
Advice: None
Pros: People care for each other well. Family friendly company. Leadership care about employee development.

Cons: Industry is tumultuous, layoffs more and more frequent
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, strong positive culture, get to work with really smart people

Cons: big company , you can go unnnoticed
Advice: None
Pros: Great Culture and people to work with , depends on the department also, it is a huuuuuge company

Cons: Lots of transient individuals passing through
Advice: Need 2 person on nights more than 1st and 2nds for pure safety reasons
Pros: Best boss ever, and good co workers

Cons: The time in between my raises
Advice: None
Pros: I get a lot of connections in the community I live close to my job II get bonuses and tips

Cons: Very convoluted and bureaucratic, always downsizing and reorganizing, management can be out of touch
Advice: Listen to your employees more
Pros: Lots of different groups, pay and benefits are good

Cons: Low pay and sometimes you get rough customers. Cashbox was faulty as well.
Advice: None
Pros: Slow pace, easy work, great manager I my former location

Cons: The energy sector is in a challenging cycle and may take a few years to stabalize.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with many areas of opportunities to advance and experience.

Cons: Most of the management are alcoholics and have huge egos and tend to be a bit dim
Advice: None
Pros: Fairly relaxed work life balance and drinking culture

Cons: Overtime is not always paid on time as it supposed to be
Advice: Keep promoting old staff
Pros: Work environment is amazing, flexible hours and compensation and benefits

Cons: Sometimes dealing with angry customers who think employees can easily control gas prices.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job to learn. Have quality interactions with regular customers. Some tips.

Cons: Offshoring many positions. Reducing assets in North America. Lots of restructuring.
Advice: Stability, job security.
Pros: Good pay, great work life balance, good people.

Cons: Strict CEO and excess mandatory religious activities
Advice: Reduce mandatory activities and listen to staff's contributions
Pros: Good salary and wide recognition

Cons: Transparency, Nepotism, Favoritism, Global Warming
Advice: None
Pros: 401K match, Time Off, Health Benefits, Fitness Center, Full restaurant and cafeteria, state of the art facilities, diversity, Education Reimbursement, Insurance

Cons: big corporation with some red tape
Advice: None
Pros: you get treated like a person, challenging projects, career advancement opportunities

Cons: constant reorganizations, offshoring jobs, limited promotion opportunity
Advice: Slow down on the reorganizations and reconsider offshoring benefits
Pros: Good work, great pay and benefits, notable comradery among colleagues, flexible working

Cons: Not best job, rude customers, not the best gas station , low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Easy money , easy money , easy money , easy money , easy money

Cons: it is a complex structure need to understand how to navigate that environment.
Advice: None
Pros: good culture of safety and high performance, great work life balance.

Cons: Almost no upward mobility within the company from this position
Advice: None
Pros: Predictable schedule, OT pay, Solo work environment

Cons: Hard company to work for.
Advice: Train up your employees so they may continue to grow within the company.
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Management lacks communication. Adds to workload without more compensation. Lots of time. Work schedule is hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, vacation, 401k and benefits. Overtime is pretty decent if wanted.

Cons: The hours can be difficult to plan around to start
Advice: Support and Positive feedback go a long way
Pros: Lots of support from other employers

Cons: People first company, sometimes creates complacency
Advice: Keep trying to balance efficiency of work with care for people
Pros: People first company, employees treated exceptionally

Cons: You will need ~10years experience to get a manager title in this company.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of learning opportunities and wide range of network.

Cons: Very corporate buzzwordy. Moves very slow in everything we do. Relies to often in decision by committee
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about employees. Offers growth

Cons: pay is low and not much help
Advice: Don't hire people who don't want to work.
Pros: Manager on Duty responsibility and no help

Cons: Upper management does not fill empty positions quickly 
They get annoying if your on your phone
Advice: None
Pros: Hours
Free food
Easy to learn on the job

Cons: Level of stress, cyclical business with multiple layoff cycles over the career
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, salary, working environment, diversity is a focus for the leadership

Cons: Might be out of sync with society in multiple geographic regions.
Advice: None
Pros: Has a strategy to thrive through energy transition and executing it.

Cons: Little to no raises. Forced over time. Unreliable coworkers.
Advice: Treat your employees better and they will work better and stay longer.
Pros: The schedule is fairly flexible.

Cons: Handling alot of customers at once can be overwhelming
Advice: Making it a more safer place
Pros: Worked hard and the pay was very good

Cons: At night there is only one person who works your there all by yourself
Advice: None
Pros: Get job experience
There's a Christmas bonus every year

Cons: Customer employment and most of all try their best to pay you as little as possible
Advice: None
Pros: Easy and repetitive something you get used to

Cons: Subject to the same ups and downs as any O &amp; G company
Advice: None
Pros: Care about safety, Care for employees, good benefits

Cons: - Limited time off for sick days / vacation
Advice: None
Pros: - Colleagues are friendly
- Expectations are clear and manageable

Cons: Not many opportunities to do something different within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience working with IT and the business
Supportive Management
Competitive Salary

Cons: Very low moral and no employee engagement
Advice: Stop talking about care when it’s obviously not demonstrated
Pros: Good salary and benefit package

Cons: Get busy fast , have to keep up
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Move up fast and easy to get along with staff

Cons: Not much assistance if you need it
Advice: Create more shifts with two staff
Pros: Didn’t have to deal with hire ups, very independent job

Cons: it was in the hood
felt unsafe
was a bit unclean
Advice: revamp the marts
Pros: Manager was chill
work was pretty easy and straight forward
friendly locals

Cons: The cyclical market means that discussions regarding redundancy and restructures happen every 3 to 5 years
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, salary, good work life balance.

Cons: So worried about going green they are running from refining.
Advice: Trust your operator more than your engineers.
Pros: Good Job and benefits and pay

Cons: No work life balance. Some leaders pushing personal agendas on staff.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, Retirement, Volunteer Opportunities, Groups, location

Cons: Large company with long processes that delay decisions
Advice: Improve company morale by providing more transferable skills
Pros: Great work life balance and pay

Cons: none i can think of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: nice coworkers understanding helpful nice attitude wile helping you understand your job and responsibilities

Cons: Hard to make use of leave entitlement
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay
Great company culture within teams

Cons: Too many decision makers which slows down business
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, Great Benefits a true place to have a career

Cons: Bad culture, management continuously lies, nepotism ingrained in managers, white boys get promoted regularly.
Advice: Resign out of shame
Pros: Global company and can grow business.

Cons: Hard learning the registers. Very outdated.
Advice: Get new technology in the store
Pros: Nice people to work for

Cons: Don't care as much for contractors.
Advice: Keep good contractors around longer.
Pros: Did very well there. They take care of full time employees.

Cons: Some functions and positions are redundant and less efficient
Advice: None
Pros: Very fair, good culture, very inclusive and decent compensation

Cons: Shell oil and gas is here to serve you
Advice: None
Pros: Trust us with your troubles and let’s help you out

Cons: No benefits, store is old, everything is breaking
Advice: Hire more people that aren't drug addicts, homewreckers or idiots
Pros: Coworkers, owners are nice, food is good

Cons: - No benefits
- Shifts can be long
Advice: None
Pros: - Decent start pay, determined by store owner vs company
 - Easy tasks to perform

Cons: ever-changing corporate structure (recent reorganization every 18-24 mos), uncertain job security, overly-process driven, houston-based,
Advice: None
Pros: competitive pay, pension, 401k contribution, discount stock, health benefits

Cons: Not the future, dinosaur, must reapply for new job every few years
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, generous, big projects, big brand, loyal

Cons: Little implications for people who weren’t pulling their weight.
Advice: None
Pros: Great office setting and group of people. Amazing benefits.

Cons: Big corporation, shareholder return is the top priority
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, advancement opportunities, position in industry

Cons: Large and complex, less job security then in the past
Advice: None
Pros: Good development programs and brilliant collaborative colleagues around the world

Cons: Garbage management, you most likely won’t get much things you ask for
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/hours kept me working there

Cons: There are no cons to working at Shell.
Advice: Keep doing what your doing. Nice work.
Pros: Good pay with nice people.

Cons: Very Political, like yes men and women
Advice: Too many yes men and women in management
Pros: High Pay but very political

Cons: Processes make projects expensive and longer to deliver
Advice: None
Pros: All round growth and excellent work life balance. Great corporate culture

Cons: Fragmented business - hard to get a lot accomplished
Advice: None
Pros: Very inclusive environment. Excellent foundation of experts

Cons: Success is based more on perception/politics/reputation vs actual quality of work being preformed
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and great benefits

Cons: Undergoing restructuring (4 in the last 12 years)
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach
Focus on energy transition and future net zero

Cons: Offshoring and elimination of US jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation package. Great benefits

Cons: I believe they are want to get out refining
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work great people

Cons: None in particular that I can think of at this moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great institution to work with great colleagues.

Cons: Have base country concepts, means move around globally become more difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Great exposure to huge complex projects
Good pay
Great culture

Cons: not clear if you could switch locations easily
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Honest, fair pay, flexible, able to grow

Cons: few young folks and can be more energetic in general
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance and good compensation

Cons: Sometimes decisions take too long
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity and Inclusion, great training and opportunities for international exposure

Cons: Energy transition has now created some uncertainty for the Oil and Gas business
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of International posting opportunity

Cons: -bureaucratic, can make it hard to get things done
-always changing
Advice: None
Pros: -knowledgeable technical network that is willing to help
-good benefits

Cons: They pay minimum salary and without benefits
Advice: None
Pros: They were flexible when asking for a shift change

Cons: Limited growth potential, company is searching for its path.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, good pay, on-site wellness center

Cons: None that I can think about.
Advice: Listen to junior enployees
Pros: Flexible especially during this COVID era.

Cons: uncertainty because of oil prices just like any other oil major
Advice: None
Pros: excellent colleagues, work ethics, safety

Cons: Application took 3 months to process, been understaffed for 2 years
Advice: None
Pros: Great hours, nice coworkers and good work conditions

Cons: frequent re-organizations, dual messages from top management
Advice: Make it simple. Communicate better
Pros: clever people, respectful, nice environment

Cons: Boring when slow, drunks at night
Advice: Shorter hours limit work load thru shifts
Pros: Easy fun interacting with people

Cons: Too many reorgs and reshapes in the past few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and flexibility. Lots of diversity.

Cons: Job sucked the soul out of my life
Advice: Stop being so bureaucratic
Pros: Great people and work environment

Cons: Lots of beurocracy. Everything is slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely competitive benefits. Truly cares about employee satisfacton.

Cons: Decision making was slow sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: People are fantastic, respect new ideas and care about work/life balance

Cons: Busy work environment resulting in short breaks in between .
Advice: None
Pros: Not a difficult job and great work environment

Cons: None which I can think
Advice: Continue your care.
Pros: They care on people and their benefits are great.

Cons: some customers are very rude' but thats anywhere you go
Advice: None
Pros: you are never alone here

Cons: Morning shift can never be on time
Advice: None
Pros: They have good people nice hard worker our family

Cons: Sometimes unclear guidelines, need to be self-starter
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture, colleagues have great personality

Cons: Divestment of ownership for management leads to slow or now decision making.
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and benefits package.

Cons: Need to defend working for an oil &amp; gas company.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are top.

Cons: Lack of appreciation for projects and project management
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and nice work life balance

Cons: slow career growth, poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Great teams for collaboration and best in Cloud tech.

Cons: Nightshift
Not good neighborhood
stocking heavy items
busy station
tiring
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, time-off, insurance, 401k, safety, Good team

Cons: good environment, I moved to united states looking a job here
Advice: None
Pros: enjoyable very dependable, self-determined,a lot of experience

Cons: Don’t know what they want to do when we grow up
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and people to work for

Cons: To be honest I didn’t see a downside.
Advice: Try applying
Pros: That place has Great customer service

Cons: LIMITED GROWTH OPPORTUNITY stagnant no network of professionals
Advice: None
Pros: FLEXIBILTY telework independence freedom decision making

Cons: Uncertainty looms over the energy industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation and work life balance in most cases.

Cons: None, everything was very good and done right.
Advice: None
Pros: Always very good, friendly had a good zone.

Cons: Always downsizing or offshoring, so beware. Look somewhere else.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with lots of positions.

Cons: People are mean, it’s hard to deal with customers
Advice: None
Pros: Easy and fun, not too much work to do

Cons: Gass station must i say more
Advice: None
Pros: Good slary is gues idk

Cons: Shell selling downstream or shutting down assets
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent pay and benefits with opportunities to move up

Cons: None keep up the great work
Advice: Great job
Pros: Lots of hours to choose from

Cons: Being on a contract there is some job insecurity
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and rewarding experience; great place

Cons: Pay is very low and job is taxing
Advice: None
Pros: I really enjoy working as shell they treat me well

Cons: no money to do anything
Advice: None
Pros: Can sleep until noon or later in the afternoon

Cons: The current market is tough in oil and gas
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and benefits

Cons: This plant is being sold
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Safety and people are top notch

Cons: Very hierarchal and prefer external hires for good jobs over internal promtions.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work life balance, decent pay

Cons: long working hours and time
Advice: good long hours need to be less
Pros: good role and good opportunities

Cons: stringent to work processes and not a lot of creative thinking.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, salary, and time off

Cons: Large company bureaucracy and what goes with it.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with lots of opportunity and exciting projects.

Cons: Not applicable , things are good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, good exposure to technology

Cons: plant closure due to covid-19
Advice: None
Pros: 1.good career advancements
2.very safety minded
3.very diverse
4.good pay and benefits
5.strong family environment

Cons: Industry is constantly changing which leads to employee layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and career development

Cons: Team could have been more friendlier
Advice: Seek to Understand employees better
Pros: great lunches and pay was good.

Cons: No room for advancement. Plenty of pointless work, and unwillingness to change. Micromanagement.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work. Generally nice people.

Cons: Everything else literally everything else
Advice: None
Pros: Pay was half way decent

Cons: Jobs starting to get cut; long term probably cancer
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/perks still unreal compared to anything else

Cons: Complexity of matrix organiaztion leading to delayed decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Growth Opportunities, work life balance, empathy

Cons: not that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: you will have great learning opportunities

Cons: The company is currently going through a massive reorganization (stressful)
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Caring team leads

Cons: Shrinking skill pool and uncertain mid-long term job security
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues and interesting work

Cons: It takes time to access to core businesses
Advice: None
Pros: As described in the heading

Cons: Sometimes have extra projects outside of my control.
Advice: None
Pros: Working efficiently with my team

Cons: Job security is an issue with growth being slow.
Advice: None
Pros: The company offers really good health benefits

Cons: Customers can be brutal when making a mistake
Advice: None
Pros: Nice minimum wage job when moneys tight

Cons: HR is tough to get in touch with.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong 401K Match after 9 years. 10%

Cons: no cons, i wish i couldve worked longer
Advice: None
Pros: this company is great, great pay, great culture

Cons: Management is extremely poor at Shell PSR. Probably why it got sold!
Advice: None
Pros: Money is pretty good I’d say.

Cons: Lack of team work. Promises not kept.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, good home to work balance

Cons: Not a good job for long run.
Advice: None
Pros: No experience is required for this position.

Cons: Bad management with terrible upper level vision
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome benefits and great work life balance

Cons: Large company, moving out of O&amp;G and refining
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and great pay.

Cons: Deemphasis of business in the Americas
Advice: None
Pros: Strong commitment to the environment

Cons: As a big company it is a bit slow on decision-making.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture and benefits are great.

Cons: Big company, easy to get lost.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a great place to work.

Cons: rude customers
no benefits and not that safe compared to other jobs
Advice: None
Pros: normal retail job like any other

Cons: None Really
Can be a bit slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits, Excellent Pay, Committed to Safety Culture

Cons: old-fashioned management, business change in energy industry
Advice: None
Pros: Not too much pressure, well paid

Cons: Office Politics , no room to grow .
Advice: None
Pros: Great company , team , decent pay .

Cons: No path to career success and golden handcuff effect
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and pay

Cons: Slow
Constant Re-Organization
Poor industry image
Uncertain future
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and benefits
Diverse workforce and opportunities 
Work life balance

Cons: There were not any for the part time position
Advice: None
Pros: Great fellow employees and good environment

Cons: Big company not much person help
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Big companya lot of opportunities

Cons: poor economy and bad decisions
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits for full time employees

Cons: location is not the best
Advice: None
Pros: high salary, lots of benefits, intelligent people

Cons: not great benefits and no pension or medical anymore for new hires
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits pay and vacation

Cons: Limited E&amp;P work locations within the US.
Advice: None
Pros: Highly technical work in a good office environment.

Cons: Some of the customers can be really nasty.
Advice: None
Pros: There are lots of pretty girls there.

Cons: Bureaucracy
Slow to change
Hard to find information sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation
Benefits
Work life balance
4/80 schedule
I entered 5 words

Cons: Process stifles progress. Uncertain future strategy.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, total compensation

Cons: Not very flexible
Not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment
Learned a lot about the industry

Cons: I don't have anything to say here
Advice: None
Pros: Great care for employee. Work life balance

Cons: Like any big company, too much bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Good team and world class problems to solve

Cons: not so bad. ranking process needs work
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work in lol and gas

Cons: Consistent restructuring in a declining industry
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome co-workers and globally recognized brands.

Cons: Decisions take forever and a lot of red-tape
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and company culture

Cons: Management should consider a 360 evaluation
Advice: None
Pros: International culture in the company is great

Cons: Regular layoffs, but that's in any oil and gas
Advice: None
Pros: Flex schedule, reasonable hours, benefits

Cons: it is boring and low paid
Advice: None
Pros: it is a very simple time and manage time.

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay along with great benefits

Cons: having to cover a lot of shifts that others miss.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to practice your communication skills.

Cons: Large corporation, slow pace in decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly staff and good compensation

Cons: no more oil and gas
Advice: no comment
Pros: benefits pay  work life balance

Cons: Slow to change to best practices
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Good work life balance.

Cons: slow, dated, wrong, cold, small
Advice: None
Pros: great job time efficiently management creative pros pros pros

Cons: Diversity and Inclusion would greatly benefit the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for!

Cons: Large organization, can become impersonal at times
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment, welcoming staff to new employees

Cons: Work and cover shifts on weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Schedule rotates for the employees
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of work available to employees.

Cons: Volatile industry. Uncertain long-term prospects.
Advice: None
Pros: Top company. Great colleagues. Interesting technical work.

Cons: no greater cons than cons in a con box
Advice: None
Pros: great good excellent gro pros

Cons: Very tedious work and long hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot and really good pay and benefits

Cons: Excellent work conditions loved my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Very good company loved my experience

Cons: Some late nights and heavy bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work life balance and great culture

Cons: Migration of jobs to countries with cheaper pay
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and work/life balance

Cons: Business unit I was supporting was eventually sold
Advice: None
Pros: The pay and benefits are great

Cons: Management can be little hard to deal with
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours, great location to work at

Cons: Industry is shrinking so future is not bright
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Pay and management are bad
Advice: None
Pros: Can get experience in customer service for future

Cons: but i had a lot of overtimes
Advice: None
Pros: everything is good, i liked my job

Cons: Work Hours, management, diversity, &amp; Time
Advice: None
Pros: Schedule, Pay, Bonues, work culture.

Cons: I don't have negative to say
Advice: None
Pros: they paid well and was a professional working environment

Cons: Can be slow to change
Advice: None
Pros: Conducive work culture and great people

Cons: everything is fine .hard to get vacation
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule good manager friendly environment

Cons: a good bit of travel, alot of red tape.
Advice: None
Pros: able to work from home

Cons: Cyclical nature of the oil and gas business
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and competitive pay

Cons: micromanagement from some bosses but not too bad
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people and work ethic

Cons: Hours, Short Staff, Not enough People
Advice: None
Pros: Fun Job to work with family like community.

Cons: I don't have any Cons
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance, Pay Structure

Cons: cust service
rude people 
hella packed sometimes
Advice: dont be so strict
Pros: good 
easy 
simple 
cool
fast nice

Cons: difficult to change role or team
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, managers are good and friendly

Cons: was tiring, alot to do, and was time consuming
Advice: None
Pros: was fun, organized, clean, nice

Cons: Don't have any cons at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of room for growth

Cons: I didn't get shown appreciation and no real pay raise
Advice: None
Pros: I got Customer service experience

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Incentives, Bonuses, Flexible, Benefits, Fun environment

Cons: They need to employ more people
Advice: N/A
Pros: Because they offer benefits and others

Cons: Biggest con is how big the company is.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and good values.

Cons: on your feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: get to know a lot of people

Cons: Lousy work life balance. Arrogant.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: too many reorgs, many processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, interesting and engaging projects

Cons: Dirty high emissions energy producer
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is highly competitive for high performing staff

Cons: Not much work life family balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and salary, plus yearly bonus

Cons: not really competitive pay like
Advice: None
Pros: adjustable schedule for part-time work

Cons: bad management and low pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good work practices

Cons: Complex organizational structure can lead to slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities across diverse businesses

Cons: rude customers who can refuse to understand
Advice: None
Pros: nice people, machines easy to use

Cons: No bad experience at all at shell
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience at shell global

Cons: the long hours sometimes still had fun
Advice: None
Pros: like the work environment was nice.

Cons: It is a Slow moving company
Advice: None
Pros: It is a Compassionate corporation

Cons: No complaints at all at this time.
Advice: Good
Pros: Awesome place to work at.

Cons: Boring slow hours need more hours
Advice: None
Pros: Fun happy place hours worked with me

Cons: i like to get paid
Advice: None
Pros: I like to work at appropriate time

Cons: Nothing it is super great
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company culture and work life balance

Cons: Very competitive work place, sometimes negative impact
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work with

Cons: None that I can really think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and regular pay steps

Cons: hungry all the time at work
Advice: eat more
Pros: food all the time at work

Cons: It is closing down some locations.
Advice: None
Pros: it has good benefits and locations .

Cons: none, great company, just work hard
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay, frequent raises, steady work

Cons: Lack of opportunity, Lack of Management support
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance, Salary, Teamwork, Hours, Stability

Cons: Shift work and long turnarounds
Advice: None
Pros: Pay and benefits are good

Cons: Not enough development opportunities for graduates
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation, interesting projects, caring management

Cons: Hard to advance if you aren't in the click.
Advice: None
Pros: Really Great Pay and Benefits

Cons: Longer hours than I expected
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience and I learned a lot

Cons: no no no no no
Advice: None
Pros: A Great company and benefits

Cons: Work Life Balance, Future Opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, Benefits, Potential schedule flexibility

Cons: Large Company, Red Tape, Slow decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People, Great Work, International.

Cons: none that i can point out
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: management could be a little more helpful
Advice: None
Pros: Easy work, okay pay, Nice people

Cons: Not too local and can’t compare
Advice: None
Pros: Good and better with great services

Cons: Salary can be a more
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great. Loved it

Cons: Company direction in current environment
Advice: None
Pros: People, work life balance, Benefits and Pay

Cons: The Convent site has been shut down
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good retirement

Cons: Minimum Wage, very repetitive, and tedious
Advice: None
Pros: Nice atmosphere and decent shifts available

Cons: None it was a good place
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment and nice people there

Cons: personal development is not large, process is complex
Advice: None
Pros: Management, work life balance, culture

Cons: I have no cons for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Clean fast quick friendly service

Cons: Opportunity for telecommunication
Complex org
High workload
Advice: None
Pros: Growth opportunity
Flexible benefit
Family health plan
Vacation time

Cons: Toxic culture of politics and fAvoritism
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is above average in industry

Cons: Long hours but good pay
Advice: No advice
Pros: Very professional people are nice

Cons: Dangerous, not worth my safety.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Easy, chill, fun, nice and rad.

Cons: Lacking diversity in middle to upper management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits throughout my career.

Cons: Lack of opportunities for promotion, slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, Flexible working

Cons: Working rotating day/night shifts wasn’t very easy.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay at Shell was good.

Cons: Rude customers, cleaning around the store.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job, great for extra cash.

Cons: management, culture, work life balance,
Advice: to  quit!
Pros: opportunities , flexibility, international presence, travel

Cons: N/A its Great at shell !
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is Great here at shell!

Cons: Rude customers, long hours, low pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, convenient, flexible.

Cons: Public relations and least favoured in energy
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and awesome package

Cons: Not any not any not any
Advice: None
Pros: Good company
Good company good company 
Good company

Cons: no cons available to report.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is a pro.

Cons: Will be sold to Pemex
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits when they were Shell

Cons: Was not far about hours
Advice: None
Pros: Fun learning experience with new people

Cons: Commute was long and parking fees high
Advice: None
Pros: Great co workers, nice benefits

Cons: None since I have joined.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and flexible work schedule

Cons: Not so good company’s to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: I don’t have any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Friendly Flexible Worthy Easy

Cons: None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a nice place to work

Cons: complicated process and some bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: decent salary and benefit
care for people

Cons: None of the top of my head
Advice: None
Pros: Great work place. Good money

Cons: Reorganized company structure with future mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and compensation package

Cons: Things move pretty slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: Very diverse and talented people

Cons: Long time away from family
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work atmosphere and people

Cons: I have no cons to report
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: Large Company in a cyclical industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and great experience.

Cons: Poor work life balance at times
Advice: None
Pros: Fair pay for years of service

Cons: No real cons for this role.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice it is a good experience. Fun

Cons: none i did not fine any
Advice: None
Pros: all people are verry nice

Cons: slow moving, outdated internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: long-term strategic vision, good pay

Cons: Employees were very lazy and unprofessional
Advice: None
Pros: Company is big and established

Cons: No discernible direction as a company
Advice: None
Pros: Long history of stable profit

Cons: Not really any cons tbh
Advice: None
Pros: It was pretty chill and good

Cons: nothing is wrong with the company
Advice: None
Pros: good people at my job

Cons: Refuse to give promotions. No full remote options.
Advice: None
Pros: 9/80 work schedule. Hybrid working

Cons: Long hours divorce suicide bad
Advice: Na
Pros: Great awesome fantastic smart pay

Cons: A bit stressful and not so cool
Advice: None
Pros: good salary overall, not complaining

Cons: salary, career opportunities, layoffs and reshaping
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, diversity and remote work

Cons: High employee turnover within the sector
Advice: None
Pros: Good work hours w flexible schedule

Cons: Nothing bad here all gud
Advice: None
Pros: very gud company ever worked

Cons: poor flexibility and boring work
Advice: None
Pros: stable, easy work, and good management

Cons: they pay the minimum wage
Advice: None
Pros: good experience to interact with people

Cons: None at all great job
Advice: None
Pros: Cheap good to shop at

Cons: Very unstable and constant reorganization
Advice: None
Pros: Has good pay and benefits

Cons: Sometimes late hours with disruptive customers.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Friendly atmosphere, great co workers.

Cons: Awkward and funny lol okay
Advice: None
Pros: Great cool fun good game

Cons: Unique culture that takes time to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and benefits here

Cons: It a gas station job
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work at

Cons: Horrible Culture, they are literally trying to destroy our earth. Then hire an expensive PR agency to hide all their wrongdoings.
Advice: Go electric
Pros: None, they are ruthless people

Cons: - overworked 
- leadership has no idea what they are doing 
- Shell is a mess
Advice: None
Pros: sad, there we not any

Cons: - horrible pay
-lack of communication
- no room for growth
Advice: Actually, listen to employees
Pros: At the moment, the manager was nice

Cons: Very very very large company
Advice: None
Pros: Good Spot for the industry

Cons: Not much money at all
Advice: None
Pros: Pretty chill, not very hard

Cons: Not heading in a good direction
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are really good ok

Cons: Low pay, shady customers,no breaks
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours, great management, free drinks

Cons: Limited pay and late paychecks
Advice: None
Pros: Short hours and ultimate flexibility

Cons: Time vacation ta energy training
Advice: Fairness
Pros: Money atmosphere benefits pension 401k

Cons: Very slow and very polo
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and good benefits

Cons: Leadership, and management needed restructuring.
Advice: None
Pros: Stock options where a plus

Cons: Long work hours for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with

Cons: low pay, customer service, boring,
Advice: None
Pros: flexible,job security, easy, not stressful

Cons: No 401k no type of benefits
Advice: None
Pros: None should fine a new job

Cons: Homeless/ people verbally assault you
Advice: Kill yourself please
Pros: Great for networking, learning a new location

Cons: they over worked me during my time here
Advice: None
Pros: good people and good environment

Cons: Everything is a con here.
Advice: None
Pros: there are no pros to this place

Cons: Too much to word but terrible place
Advice: None
Pros: Not a single thing here

Cons: They dont care about their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Worst company to work for

Cons: Customer service is A headarme
Advice: None
Pros: Easy dog and cat and trash

Cons: Deductibles can be quite expensive
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent coverage options for a family

Cons: bad pressure for mental health
Advice: None
Pros: good atmosphere at the work

Cons: Terrible management. No one is held accountable
Advice: Learn your job and perform it.
Pros: Decent pay and benefits. A few perks

Cons: Walking on eggshells and watching your back gets old
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is fair and the benefits are okay

Cons: They do not know how to treat employees at all
Advice: None
Pros: They have many options and a variety of items

Cons: With reducing the amount of staff, it is unrealistic to continue with the same gold standard service, but is not understood by HR leadership, or it is convenient to ignore it and rely on the hardworking staff to try and deliver to a very high standard, forgoing a good work/life balance.
After reorgs there is hardly any comms to people on who they work with now, you have to figure it out yourself, though the Outlook Addressbook. 
There is no comms on what to stop, start or continue to do after a reorg. Which means that junior people keep doing it all. 
The HR Chief Ronan Cassidy is not believable and out of touch. 
Staff in the service centres have limited growth opportunities, which means there is turn-over when they realise this.
Advice: Improve the quality of information to all levels of the org after a reorg, about who their colleagues are in all new and existing positions,. That way they can start the job immediately, instead of scrambling around to find out who their stakeholders are.
Pros: You work with smart and dedicated colleagues who are also very nice people. 
The company has high standards and so do the people.
The work can be varied and challenging, you learn a lot, even with many years' experience like myself.
The office environment is great.
The benefits old-fashionedly good, and likely to be reduced over time.
Addressing D&amp;I is genuinely lived.
