Cons: Franchise owner cheap; no raises, promotions, Sapphire POS ancient need updated one
Advice: Reward hard working employees raises, promotions, do performance reviews of CSR's yearly as a tool to improve our skills/work habits, policies, ect. Replace old POS so we can process sales more efficiently, quicker! Less mistakes = less $$ / time loss; from entry level all the way to management & franchise owners! How can CSR's do an efficient, speedy job if their equipment is sub-par? Customers don't care (how some employees can get stressed, frustrated, even act rudely to them because) the registers, gas pumps, or fountain stations don't operate correctly! They'll take their business & hard earned money somewhere else!  And I don't blame them one bit!! I would too! So l just ask for discussion & thought to how some major issues in retail stores can be solved with the ideas I mentioned above. When I have a great day at work, my customers see it  on my face & hear it in my voice! My goal: make each customer happier than when they first came into our store! Go the extra step to help customers, co-workers! TEAM EFFORT!! Needs to be implemented hands on!! COSTCO policy is great example of better work environment creating positive results in many different levels of retail businesses! Circle K stores also have a few programs where hard work is recognized, rewarded & encouraged! I take pride in my job & work hard every day!! I hope I am setting an example for my co-workers, customers and most of all my 2 sons! Thank you & have a wonderful day! :-)
Pros: Great store mgmt team w/ mostly hard workers, good return customer base

Cons: Very defined line between contractors vs direct hire employees. Expect to be a "work horse" as a contractor, with no acknowledgement or reward other than being allowed to enter the building the next day. Management couldn't care less if you stay or leave.
Advice: Take more notice in the ENTIRE team. Contractors know that they are contractors. That does not mean you have to treat them as less than when it comes to opinions, changes in job positions, etc. Treating your ENTIRE team with respect and making EVERYONE feel that they are contributing to the groups success makes for a better work environment, less turn over, and most importantly, falls in line with the Shell values of integrity and respect.
Pros: As a Contractor - Learn quickly in short period of time b/c you either sink or swim. The ability to put Shell on your resume....does wonders. You have the opportunity to make many connections throughout Shell. As an Employee - great pay, benefits, etc. Overall, I think Shell is a great company for its direct employees. As a contractor you have to go in with the mindset that it is a tremendous stepping stone to greater opportunities.

Cons: - Not the cleanest place to work at, despite having to vigorously clean it daily.
- During the day it is no longer laid back and can actually become busy to the point of stressful at it's worst.
- Cigarette and lottery ticket count at the start and end of every single shift becomes mind numbing very quickly.
- Nearly every single consumable item in the store is terrible for you.
- You have to watch waves of people all day long buying and consuming aforementioned terrible food. It gets depressing after a while.
- You can be tasked with working the fridge and freezer on a whim even if you aren't prepared for the cold (like not having a coat) and have to spend prolonged periods of time in them.
- Gas station hot dogs are disgusting.
Advice: Don't be so shy about considering a pay raise for someone that genuinely does a really good job and is committed to excellence within a kingdom of filth and disappointment. You will be less likely to lose them later on.
Pros: - Fairly laid back during overnight shifts.
- The job itself really isn't difficult at all.
- Meet a colorful array of customer personalities.
- One free hot dog per shift.

Cons: We have to stay in a job for four years, before we can move to the next role.  Of, course a reorg will occur at some point during that 4 years which may enable you to move to a different role.
Advice: Continue to care for your staff.  Shell holds the loyalty of its staff because of the care.  We are not a number, like one of the other majors treat their employees as.
Pros: Shell cares for and supports the people of Shell.  We're not just a number.  In every meeting, we hold a safety moment, sharing something that can make us safer at work, on the road and at home. 

Shell hires the best people... People you will know and respect and enjoy for the rest of your life.  No matter the work you do in Shell, you will generally find good people to work with.  When times get tough, deadlines need to be made, another change initiative comes through, it's you colleagues that get you through.  Your a team.  You grow stronger with each other to deliver high quality product.

Cons: The organization is HUGE! It takes about a year to even understand the depth of the business and various projects. Because of its size, it can be a long career before you are able to take on bigger pieces of the business or into management, but it is a great company to get many experiences.

The company has a reputation for having issues controlling cost, but the investors are pushing for greater control. Positive changes have been happening to get a handle on it.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked for Shell for almost a decade in a professional corporate function based in Houston. Overall, I really respect the company culture, the amazing people and how the company manages people. The Dutch influence has made the "respect for people" aspect of HR quite pervasive. They actually walk the talk. In Shell, you have a great degree of control over your career path. They post jobs internally and you are able to raise your hand for advancement if you are ready. I left Shell for personal reasons, but it was a difficult decision to leave the people that I met while at Shell. I would go back to Shell if my circumstances changed.  

Benefits package is top notch
The 9/80 schedule was great way to manage work/life balance.

Cons: Extremely inflexible and bureaucratic. Nothing happens quickly in Shell, and the inefficiency is costing them.

Very rigid job roles - you are a cog in a machine. People will sometimes get angry (to an unprofessional degree) if you push into their territory, even if it's better for the company.  New ideas are not welcome.

"Reorganizations" every couple years of departments (and in 2009 the entire company!) keep the efficiency low and lead to a constant anxiety about job security.

Worst of all, the Peter Principle is hard at work in Shell.  At the lower levels, people are sometimes promoted based on their past technical performance and not on their ability to manage people.

All in all, a Millennial's worst nightmare of an employer. Retention rates of new hires are very low.
Advice: Your messages and plans are falling on deaf ears.  The answer is less bureaucracy, not more.  You have immense quantities of talent leaving the company because they're not being utilized or appreciated.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, and decent work/life balance.  For a baby boomer, it's a dream company.  Also, since it's at the top of the food chain, just about any company will hire you with Shell experience on your resume.

Cons: They need to be more open to newer technology. The old guard must get with the times and tech or they will lag in overall productivity. Every shut-in is avoidable in one form or another and there are so many tools at their disposal.
Advice: It's well known that most technology developers want a piece of the oilfield action. As a professional that spent a lot of time on 9 Deep water TLP's and several shelf rigs,  I implore the management of SHELL EP Americas to please utilize all available technology to maximize all of your Safety and Profitability goals. However, I did see a large knowledge gap between upper (shore side) management and offshore management. I would like to see more high level tech training for offshore personnel. Other than that, keep up the great work!
Pros: High sense support and promotion of professional growth. This company has it figured out when it comes to making all team members feel valued

Cons: The management structure is very narrow with too many managers and not enough workers, so when productivity appears low or a new CEO arrives, then a new or recycled program/reorganization gets implemented.  This can be frustrating because these decisions always come from the top down without any input from the people doing the work.  Highly technical people are not appreciated or respected unless you are a manager of technical people.  Getting ideas implemented can be a challenge.
Advice: Reduce the layers of management.  If top paying career paths are only managers, then you will only be left with managers.  Your top performing technical people will leave.
Pros: World Class Corp. that does many things well.  Many opportunities to move career path and location.  Shell is committed to workplace safety to some degree.  They pay well and occasionally recognize great performance.  Work life balance is good.

Cons: Shell has a new fatigue policy for some reason.  No other chemical company has such a policy and it is crazy.  No one likes it and no one wants it.  I'm not even sure if management is a fan of it.  Shell has proven time and time again that it wants to be the best.  But by being the best they have to try every outlandish and unproven idea and employees pay the price for it.  Unfortunately, this has caused a bad vibe/opinion of Shell.
Advice: Improve training for one thing.  All Shell Deer Park wants is warm bodies.  Even on the control board.  The control board is manned by management approved individuals.  And all they want is yes men.  In the event of a full-blown crisis, we will not have the experience or the know-how to handle a situation.  Especially in the next few years when the real operators retire.
Pros: The name, Shell.  The name opens many doors and impresses.

Cons: Always rotating jobs; Company was always downsizing, moving jobs to foreign locations.  entering a market to leave a few years later.  Go ole boy network was alive and well.  At times too many layers of management and very hierarchial.
Advice: Too many politics and too many layers of management.  Deal with entrenched old line management.
Pros: Variety of interesting work; nice co-workers.  Chance to see many areas of the company and different parts of the world.  Salary and benefits were excellent.  Opportunities for job training were also very good.  Opportunities to work outside the US were also good.

Cons: Not clear how they select senior managers. Lots of internal meetings, tons of PowerPoint... Retaining your job can be a challenge: e.g., if you are over 50 years old and/or your Job Group is 3 or higher, you'll have to pray for stability in the global economy.
Advice: Overall, keep up the good work. Create the proper culture for bringing up and selecting high-quality senior managers (prefer technical/commercial people to financial experts).
Pros: Good pay, simple and clear policies, great work/life balance, company events, some of the best people anywhere, ... I could go on and on. Salary was re-indexed (based on performance) every year, it only increased, never went down. Bonuses were always fair.

Cons: Some departments have workloads with too few employees to meet those deadlines within reasonable work hours.  The pay is not in the top but packaged with the benefits it balances out.
Advice: Consider the number of employees on the team vs. the workload.  Work-Life Balance is a must to retain your employees.
Pros: Opportunities for overseas assignments.  Pay is good, benefits really good.  You can determine your own career path by choosing your next assignments. Shell E&P has every other Friday off.  The development program for college grads is good.  A variety of assignments the first couple of years exposes the employee to different areas of the company giving them insight into what area they want to move to next.

Cons: Shell is a global company.  They have so many processes it takes a lot of money, time, and effort to get something done which is what I meant by they can't get out of the way of themselves.
Advice: Listen to the people that are doing the work and not the mid-management filter that has lost touch with the basic idea of oil exploration and production.
Pros: Shell is a global company so it is far reaching..  The pay is good and once you learn how to navigate the system there is room to move.  They are going through a restructuring and it is impressive to see the effort they put into making sure everyone has a job.

Cons: Must be flexible to time zones and willing to work with multiple cultures.  If you're looking for steady 8-5, this may not be the place for you.  Even regular hour holders need to be prepared to roll with the punches.
Advice: Continue to be open-minded about employee advancement.  Don't get so caught up in the published career path projections that you miss great talent that can benefit your business units.
Pros: Really enjoyed getting to work with such a diverse workforce.  The opportunities to interface with international offices and staff are enormous and rewarding.  The company invests in its employees and it shows.  The dead-end managers are few and far between and the opportunities for growth are fantastic.  Projects were always challenging and never boring.

Cons: Oh my god, very middle management heavy, If your mid career not familiar with big integrated oil do not work here,. poor engineering, no knowledge base in management. good old boy system alive and well. extreme cycles of hiring and layoff
Advice: Wake up and smell the coffee, cut out dead weight, stay cost effective on projects . And get some in house engineering. Having a pool of  engineers that manage contractors in the EPC model is killing you. They never get involved at ground level and do not understand the functions of successful cost effective projects
Pros: Safe work place , Work life balance, Great place for someone to start career and gain experience

Cons: Hard work doesn't pay off. This is a great place to work if you're interested in milking the system. If the Dutch don't like you, well kiss your career goodbye. It's a cult of Dutch people. Americans have to stay in position for 4 years, with no ability to move. Don't bring big ideas to the table either. Just do exactly as your Dutch boss says and you'll get a cookie.
Advice: Too much to list here. The future is extremely bleak at Shell.
Pros: The 9/80 is amazing. If you're good, you can fly under the radar and never work a Friday. The work is easy. I've noticed my 50% is everyone else's 100%.

Cons: Their culture and status quo, cliche'd mentality, where you can waste your life.
Advice: Leadership and management should be replaced by the new CEO. The internal hiring/promotion system should be eliminated to stop the leadership culture clones (management) from continueing to reinforce a bad culture that is incapable of competing in a commercial world. The "Engineers" have destroyed this company. It is public knowledge that Shell losses $200M per month, in unconventionals alone, which is why they sold their $2B Eagleford asset for $600M (public knowledge), and they sold their SE Kansas Arrowhead asset, pulled out of the Rockies, etc.
Too bad they don't reorganize to remove the current leadership in N America, without which they will continue to always fall short of the other major's performance.
Pros: A place where you can adapt to a dismal status quo and retire in 30+ years.

Cons: Large Multinational can be slow in making business decisions, lots of layers and dotted lines do not encourage risk, takers.  Can be slow to promote people if not considered a high potential employee. Lots of bureaucracy and god-fathering can be frustrating...  spends to much time on internal customers vs external customers who move our business...
Advice: streamline the organization and encourage faster, better decisions. Reward risk and different points of view more often, not just on paper.
Pros: Good employee benefits, competitive salary package, good company values.  Provides good employee stability and moderate to good opportunities to grow within the company, across business areas, etc..
Work / life balance is ok

Cons: As a typical large company they are slow to change and frequently rehash/rename old programs that didn't work the first time around.
Advice: Most locations are severely understaffed and the quality of work performed by oversees contracts fails to meet expectations but is masked by fluffed metrics.  Take some time to build back up the workforce and hire experienced workers.
Pros: The benefits are on par with other companies of this size.  Performance is rewarded and there are constant opportunities to expand and grow.  Management is transparent and open to new ideas.

Cons: The corporate stuff is annoying.  It takes forever to move projects along or make decisions because a million people have to review or approve or something.  It does matter who you know, even though they claim it doesn't.  People who are identified as 'high leadership potential' get promoted at lightning speed, even though the process is supposed to be equal.  There are some incompetent managers in middle management that make you wonder how on Earth they got there.  If you're unfortunate enough to get one of those, your satisfaction with your job can go in the tank, fast.  The feel-good nature of the company means it can be difficult to get honest feedback sometimes.  It seems like no one wants to hurt anybody's feelings or say anything negative.  People who have been here a long time are almost like robots.  You can see it happen as the new hires get indoctrinated into the culture.  If you put together any halfway decent piece of work that wasn't directly required, people act like you're a genius.
Advice: If your employees are having a difficult time with their supervisor, manager, or someone they work with, take it seriously.  You'll lose good people by not addressing those issues.
Pros: Good pay, good benefits, good job security, office culture is generally pretty relaxed.  They say that work/life balance is important, and they mean it.  You can have a lot of flexibility as long as you get your work done.  There are opportunities to work almost anywhere in the world.  Most managers are easy enough to work with and care about your professional development.  The upper-level leaders are really committed and seem to do a good job.  The new CEO looks like he'll do a good job.

Cons: Forced ranking system - hesitate to share knowledge with same job grade colleagues. Company does not appreciate hard workers, but favors hard talkers (high visibility).   If team lead is not willing to say good words for you, you screwed.  You will always hear things like "oh, you did great last year, but others did better than you".
Advice: None
Pros: Nice pay, pension, flexible working hours

Cons: Decisions are made very slowly due to the consensus building required.  The result is lots of time planning, and less time executing.  Shell takes a very elitist approach to Talent Management, and can be very opaque about decisions made.
Advice: Get in touch with the realities of day-to-day business fundamentals, and spend less time in boardroom politics.
Pros: The total benefits package is nice- pension, 401k giving vs. matching, partnerships with leading healthcare providers.  The caliber of most people is top-notch, and safety is not a catch phrase- it is truly ingrained in every aspect of work.

Cons: Various parts of the company can lack strategic direction.  Stategy can come in the form of re organization rather than understanding how you can drive effeciency with current structure.
Advice: Keep implementation of new ideas minimal and involve those who are responsible for execution
Pros: If you are mobile, dedicated, and have a good head on your shoulders the opportunities are wide.  Pay and benefits are top notch.  Ability to develop relationships are critical to success.

Cons: There are terrible people to work FOR. Advancement is based on who you know and how much you "deliver", even if what you deliver is only the minimum to move things along. This is how bad managers are able to become managers.

For a company that claims to be innovative, it is sadly behind the curve. No one really wants to improve processes or be revolutionary, they just want to get things done. 

Don't expect special career or development opportunities unless you are a "chosen one."
Advice: Get away from group think. Stay true to your message of diversity and appreciate diversity of thought.
Pros: Pays well and there are some great, intelligent people to work with. Peers are really what made work bearable.

Cons: Some management focuses on the wrong things, are maybe are not meant to be in management, is great people company, I guess your always one or two bad apples in the bunch
Advice: Focus on your employees, not budgets, people is what makes the company run and succeed, get the best out of your employees by doing the same.
Pros: Great benefits if you know how to take advantage of them. I saw lots of people grow their careers, some departments more than others.

Cons: After HR screwup on visa's and broken promises, and 13 years of service, Shell abondoned me and my family overseas via a teleconference ! ......management have no morals and do not care one iota about their staff, which is why good managers are very short-lived in Shell before moving on.
Advice: Remember that your staff are the best asset in your organisation - that inlcudes the extended family that support the working partner whom travels the globe to support the business.
Pros: Had some of the best times here with outstanding colleagues and very knowledgable people - good community spirit and advanced in technology.

Cons: Some administrative processes are too complicated
Advice: Value people who truly deliver good results
Pros: Holds to good values rather than the bottom line
Considerate of family needs
Long term career with lots of opportunity to grow and do fascinating work
Compensation is consistent with the industry standards, which will provide a good income to raise a family.
You would with people that are very intelligent.
Is more humble than other oil companies.
Develops good relationships with communities.

Cons: People are afraid to speak up in general unlike rest of Shell outside the USA. Workload can require weekend work as well.
Advice: Cut out matrix organization and clarify roles and responsibilities. Considering setting up US business unit as as more independent business unit without having to report on everything to  London or The Hague; this will make the company more nimble and responsive and will improve the culture.
Pros: Good people in general to work with.

Cons: There isnt really much room to move up. This is a great job for someone who is married and isnt the only breadwinner in the family. Other than that I think it was a decent job.
Advice: Management should get commission on sales, or profit sharing benefits.
Pros: The hours were good, I had a good work life balance. It's a pretty easy job, as long as you're good on excel and the computer, as well as book keeping.

Cons: Job advancement opportunities could be limited for certain job grades.
Advice: None
Pros: The work in the legal department was challenging and my co-workers were bright, enthusiastic people, so the work atmosphere was enjoyable. I appreciated the fact that while people worked hard at their jobs, they also took part in the many volunteer opportunities which Shell sponsored, giving back to the communities where Shell operated.

Cons: Things move slow and it can be hard to get some of the old school thinkers to change their ways.
Advice: None
Pros: I have enjoyed most everyone I have worked with and there are lots of opportunities to move around the company.  I've been quite pleased with pay and benefits, and I feel like their are lots of developmental opportunities and assignments available if you show your interest in such opportunities.

Cons: way to much favoritism / and yes it does target older employees to push out when downsizing
Advice: don't  push a elderly employee out before they are ready to retire, If they have been a good / dependable employee for say 30 years... that is no way to treat them, and have a distasteful event (no fault of their own) the last thing they remember when leaving
Pros: great company with terrific long term benefits

Cons: There were a lot of politics with District managers if they did not like you then you might have issues such as not getting support you need or getting promoted to GM.
Advice: Quit hiring unqualified lazy managers.
Pros: The company was privately owned by Traxx management. Very involved with employees and great training. They always promoted from within. I started as cashier and moved up to Assistant manager within 7 months.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and political at times, coaching for training and career planning could have been better, during (and after) my tenure there was a lot of movement out of downstream into upstream, which could be a sign of either low morale or poor career opportunities compared to other parts of the business
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative/team environment, friendly work culture, excellent salary and benefits, work-life balance (9/80 work schedule), training opportunities

Cons: Limited location availability. Company very large so often hard to understand full picture.
Advice: Simplify
Pros: Great pay and great people. A lot of focus on development and movement within/across Shell companies, functions and ventures. 

Strong "Shell" culture. Most facilities (business support) are equipped with multiple cafeterias, starbucks, gyms, banks, medical offices, etc. A very good place to work, and team/individual performance is recognize and rewarded

Cons: When working as a cashier there is always the chance of robbery. You have to be careful. The night shift is always the scariest.
Advice: I was lucky to work for some of the best people. They were very kind and understanding.
Pros: We had the same customer base on a daily basis. We were locally owned so it helped our community.

Cons: Oil price low impacts part of the business, hopefully this is only temporary, but luckily Shell is a diverse enough company to hedge the risk of low oil price. Sometimes there are some company politics new people need to take care of.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good culture, great management, good pay, good vacation package, supporting charities. I learnt a lot from senior engineers, good training programs, good opportunity for new grad

Cons: The Taco's served in the lunch room could use some work. I would also enjoy a higher salary for someone of my education. Not to mention the bad bosses.
Advice: Keep up the good work. Pay people more.
Pros: I enjoy greatly the vibes in the office. Plus the benefits are very nice. I would greatly recommend this company to people looking to work in the oil and gas secotor.

Cons: Not much room from personal growth. Overly lax on policy which is not standardized. Success and sales growth not translated to anyone under the manager.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours. Get to know people from the community that you work in. Tends to be a very low stress job even from a management position. Very easy to get time off as needed. Pay is higher than average to start.

Cons: They are way too concerned about non-safety issues such as walking away from a microwave when warming food.  There are legit safety issues in a petroleum company, but they go overboard.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is really taken seriously at Shell.  The managers are very supportive of new ideas and innovation.  They really treat people well by establishing a large level of trust.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and hard to deal with difficult personalities at time but that comes up in any company.
Advice: None
Pros: It's great to work for a leader in the industry and be at the head of all things science and technology related. You can't beat being globally recognized and having a variety of great benefits.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic and hard to deal with difficult personalities at time but that comes up in any company.
Advice: Be direct with communication to upper management.
Pros: It's great to work for a leader in the industry and be at the head of all things science and technology related. You can't beat being globally recognized and having a variety of great benefits.

Cons: - Bureaucratic. 
- IT services are slow.
Advice: None
Pros: - They take great care of their employees both in terms of career as well as health/safety aspects. Structured and goal oriented training accompanied by on the job learning were provided to make sure that employees are on track with their work as well as career targets. 
- Work life balance can be achieved.

Cons: Limited development opportunities.
Antiquated and poor systems in many areas create issues for employees.
Siloed operations.
Struggling in North America.
Advice: Revamp and align performance management systems.
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits.
Internal job posting system communicating details about company openings.
Global presence with adequate balance sheet and financial controls.

Cons: Organization is still quite complex.  Additional changes are required to truly simplify the company and make it more competitive.
Advice: Do not hesitate to make the changes that will be good for the company and most importantly stake holders
Pros: Good salary, 9/80 schedule, investment on people and technology, benefits, life balance, opportunities to work internationally, highly skilled professionals, upper management is ok

Cons: No down side.  The company only wanted employees who could achieve. So if you wanted mediocre type work this was not the place to be.
Advice: Good work you do with mid level leaders.
Pros: This company was very good on keeping all employees trained on their specific jobs. I really enjoyed working and the benefits were second to none.

Cons: Decision making process is slow and cumbersome. Many opportunities are located in Houston only. Most managers have not been promoted up through the ranks so they have limited knowledge of what it takes to get the job done.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, work life balance, benefits. Top level associates. Great common goal and culture. Great vacation plan bonus and stock purchase plan.

Cons: The only one I can think of is the pace at which decisions are made sometimes
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing and focus on cost savings
Pros: The best things at shell are the work/life balance, loyalty, exciting new projects and they really care about their employees.

Cons: Remuneration at the lower end of the scale compared to competitor companies in the same class.
Advice: Management should take a closer look at personnel surveys. A lot of helpful feedback tends to recurr year in year out without noticeable action being taken.
Pros: World class work culture and environment, exxellent training structure.

Cons: Shell has its own way of doing things and it is not easy to change it. Financial benefits in Istanbul are not competitive with its rivals or other major industries.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a huge organization with  diverse opportunities throughout the world in almost every field. Very respectful workplace. Above average social benefits.

Cons: Slow to make decisions when it comes to capital
Advice: simplify and hold people accountable. Shell is focusing finally on holding people accountable for execution of work processes and to do them the same way everywhere.
Pros: Simply the best benefits, people focus of any company in the industry and over many companies outside the industry.

Cons: Cannot manage their business.  Poor decision making.  Over their skis with the projected pace of operations.  Too many processes creating paralysis.  Cash cow for contractors.  Pay and benefits are mediocre for company of this supposed pedigree.  Work/life balance?  Forget it.
Advice: None
Pros: Looks good on a resume.

Cons: I am having a difficult time thinking of any cons.  Off the top of my head, I would say the on boarding process is probably the least desirable experienc.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the work, life balance that this company offers.  As soon as you are hired your benefits are immediate, not waiting perior.

Cons: Not enough opportunities to become in a higher roles.
Advice: None
Pros: What a great place to work. The people are fantastic, the company culture is great and the opportunity to learn new things and grow is always there if you want it. I thoroughly enjoyed working at Shell and would return there in a heart beat.

Cons: There are no cons at all!
Advice: Everyone is doing their job correctly, so no need to give advice!
Pros: Work life is very fair, and clean. The workers are all helpful and friendly. We care for our customers. We want to make sure everything is clean and convenient!

Cons: Promotion based more on meeting organizational promotional targets than performance.  Annual reviews are targeted to that theme as well.  Mid-career individuals are lumped together making feedback more skewed and perfomance less impactful.
Advice: None
Pros: Company works to keep salaries up to par with other majors.

Cons: - Company is going through a lot of changes, which is having a sobering effect on the workforce
- Slow decision making at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible work hours
- Smart people
- Advanced HR processes 
- Company moves you around a lot, enabling a breadth of experiences
- Competitive pay

Cons: Pay is horrible, unprofessional employees (even in the supervisory level), no benefits because they mostly hire at part time since Obamacare was introduced, favoritism was shown and instead of finding out where the problem was they would fire an employee everytime the inventory was short.
Advice: None
Pros: Sadly only flexible hours was a pro.

Cons: Sometimes very slow in decision making. Lot of stakeholders within the company to manage. Company slightly carries a pessimistic view.
Advice: None
Pros: Company strives for the safety of the employees and contractors, Good Work life balance, Good training and on the job learning. Creativity and intergration strongly advocated.

Cons: Employees within the company having a hard time looking for a long lasting project
Advice: nip the budget issues from the beginning not when the problem gets worse
Pros: First company I worked for that had a very caring managers, that enjoy motivating their employees and are excited about what they do.

Cons: Could do better in company communications. Senior leaders change over frequently. open resourcing is quite elaborate but if you are not the chosen one it takes and act of congress to land a new position
Advice: none
Pros: great benefits and networks for employees

Cons: Large company sometimes its not very personal. you could get lost in the shuffle. Rules are prohibitive to doing a good job at times
Advice: None
Pros: Large company many opportunities for advancement if you work and apply yorself decent benefits great pay vacations and retirement

Cons: Some bureaucratic. The policy is rigid. Too much work and bad work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Stability and university like environment. The task is also interesting. Overall it is a good place to stay.

Cons: Large Multinational can be slow in making business decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, work life balance, benefits. Top level associates. Great common goal and culture. Great vacation plan bonus and stock purchase plan.

Cons: Upper leadership isn't tuned in to the employees
Advice: Upper leadership isn't tuned in to the employees. They need to be more sensitive, especially when their decisions affect employees.
Pros: Pays well, exciting work, opportunity for international assignments

Cons: Red tape, long decision making process
Advice: Dont hire more interns than you can bring full-time
Pros: Complexity of projects, people, incredibly pay, work life balance, career opportunities

Cons: If you are looking for advancement, there is less opportunity to balance work and career.  More "Europe focused" leadership and development.
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation, and diverse job opportunities. Reasonable work life balance, depending on the type of career you are looking to have.

Cons: Large and complex company, too many rigid rules, too many decision makers, not enough quick decisions
Advice: More top down guidance, more freedom to move the business, review managers before promoting them to manager.
Pros: Vast opportunities, many different area upstream and downstream

Cons: Must be patient and the will to communicate and understand, must have a big heart to put up with people with different mentalitys
Advice: None
Pros: Experience of leadership and management

Cons: The company is still undergoing stressful changes in the Admin department.
Advice: There needs to be an upgrade in communications between the admins and the departments they support.
Pros: The hours are flexible and there is occasionally free food.

Cons: Regional headquarters in Houston :(
Advice: None
Pros: Emphasize personal and technical growth.
Great career opportunities. Can either go a technical route or climb the corporate ladder.
Opportunities to work with smart and talented people.
Excellent values.

Cons: Slow and beuracreatic. Proclaim more than they actually do. Decisions not always fare.
Advice: Doubt anything will change despite all their manifestations
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Work-life balance. Attention to safety. Comfortable atmosphere nice you get used to all the perks.

Cons: Less focused upon delivering results vs other successful companies
Advice: find a way to pay attention to people who are giving so much to the company
Pros: Early accountability and genuine commitment to developing my professional and organizational skills

Cons: if you are looking for job security this is not the place to be as there is department restructuring every year
Advice: None
Pros: salary is comftable ,and the working culture here is good

Cons: Pay is a minimum wage. Very little incentives to work hard because no promotion
Advice: Promote from within
Pros: Great coworkers and managers were nice. Very structured company from supervisors to managers.

Cons: they closed and sometimes had to work outside in cold weather
Advice: I don't have any, they did a good job
Pros: great pay and good benifits

Cons: Unfortunately becoming too bureaucratic with all the processes.
Advice: Unfortunately too many bureaucratic processes. Changes in management and organization every year.
Pros: Good people; flexible work schedule;(work - life balance; laid back atmosphere

Cons: Very process centric culture not a good environment for for individuals who can not deal with constant change.
Advice: Lighten up
Pros: Good pay and benefits excellent work environment very focused on safety and enviroment

Cons: A highly collaborative work environment creating additional complexity and pace of change can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Great people to work with in a global environment.

Cons: Probably could do with a little less envy from others. Maybe people need to get promoted more often
Advice: None
Pros: A great place to experience a mutitude of talents

Cons: very long and odd hours
Advice: listen to professional engineers
Pros: very good Benefits Challenging rewarding

Cons: Didn't experience too many downsides to managing stores.
Advice: nne
Pros: Very little outside corporate influence as to operational control of stores

Cons: Politics and lots of discrimination around minorities
Advice: None
Pros: No Pros worth mentioning at this time

Cons: Not the best job locations , but very minor prob.
Advice: None
Pros: Guaranteed satisfaction with service, insurance and so forth.

Cons: Unstable due to layoffs unless long time seniority or engineer
Advice: Be open to changes that would increase work productivity
Pros: Salary and offices not cubes

Cons: Slow growth and limited opportunities to learn outside your work area.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy going and very professional environment. The company cares a lot about its employees.

Cons: being robbed at gun point
Advice: was offer but i got sick
Pros: customer interaction I really like working with customer

Cons: Ignorant contractors, vendors. Too many safety meetings on days off.
Advice: Pay employees more, lowest in industry
Pros: Latest Tech and awesome training program, Very Intelligent employees

Cons: Stuck on nights first three months
Advice: Reward good honest working employees
Pros: working with good people that actually care if you succeed.

Cons: Some out door work, sometimes smell of gasoline, 24 hour business
Advice: Pay More
Pros: Work with you on scheduling, Time off, friendly people to work with, don't work alone.

Cons: Not much work right now. lots of down time
Advice: None
Pros: Paychecks are good, not too much else right now

Cons: long hours, time off policies, deal with people who dont know how to put gas
Advice: None
Pros: personal growth, chill place to work

Cons: Positions get eliminated and reorganizations happen every year.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation & benefits package.
Excellent career path and career development programs.
Inclusive culture.

Cons: Since it is a large company, communication is vital for consistancy
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful environment, Safety is a top priority.

Cons: Slightly less than average number of women in executive positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Global, diverse workforce; great industry.

Cons: Slow to decide, also potential to limit early career options
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, many of options of work businesses. great culture

Cons: People with networking skills grow more than people with real talent for job
Advice: None
Pros: Good brand, good development opportunity, decent pay

Cons: Constantly on your feet and moving. No breaks, Short lunches.
Advice: None
Pros: Good manager and coworker.

Cons: A lot of policies and rules.
Advice: Streamline processes
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Very intelligent workforce

Cons: underpaid. overworked no advancement ops.
Advice: Let employees have places to move up toward.
Pros: flexible hours, good people. Good economy.

Cons: Too much life threatening risk at night, too many hours of work
Advice: None
Pros: Great customer service experience, friendly atmosphere

Cons: long hours and pay is at minimum to start
Advice: None
Pros: Good management to work for. Nice environment

Cons: Work Life balance and not may training sessions
Advice: None
Pros: It is in a great location. Easy to commute

Cons: Unsavory customer base, potentially dangerous work environment.
Advice: None
Pros: I had an amazing mangager

Cons: -Very very large company
-Some bad managers
Advice: None
Pros: -Nice Facilities
-Good Amenities
-Some friendly people

Cons: A very large company that is sometimes political
Advice: None
Pros: Many different career options as you progress

Cons: Long hours and few days off sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with lots of movement opportunity .

Cons: JUST THE LONG HOURS IS ALL
Advice: None
Pros: Committment to excellence, safety, and quality

Cons: no team work here at all
Advice: watch your store mangerv more carefully
Pros: it is a easy job

Cons: Regulations and bureaucracy.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work space and friendly people around.

Cons: Large organizational complexity at times
Advice: None
Pros: Scope, opportunities, technology and business driven

Cons: Everything  too much work for poverty
Advice: need more people
Pros: None too much negatives ij
