Cons: Notorious for HR overreach; important personnel decisions that should be left to management end up in the hands of young and inexperienced HR staff.  There is a problematic tendency to over-staff teams during good years (I would estimate 10:1), then go through protracted re-organizations when the price of oil falls.  That said, Shell is a big company, and "upstream" is not representative of the whole.  From what I could tell, many of the core-business upstream and most of the downstream folks all seemed to really love their jobs.
Advice: Don't underestimate the psychological impact of the frequent re-orgs, particularly when your people may have to wait 6+ months for a decision.  Adding that degree of uncertainty to your employee's lives can create a huge amount of unneccesary stress, and professionals tend to conceal it so well that you might not ever know.  I would also consider filling some/more HR jobs as ~2 year assignments for mid- to senior-level technical workers, with the expectation that they will mentor the younger HR staff.
Pros: The salary is fantastic!  I always felt like they rewarded me well for my hard work and extra effort in terms of bonus and stock award.  Very generous with vacation, with option to purchase an extra week each year.  You will do very well if pay and benefits are your highest priority.  The re-orgs can be a little bit intimidating, but if you do your job well, you will be safe.

Cons: When it became holiday season and I was selling 4-5 times as much merchandise than any other time...then it became chaos. Tried to request a second employee for certain shifts at least a couple of days a week and they refused. Was working overtime and not getting paid for it. I ended up leaving after a manager yelled at me in front of customers that nobody "REALLY" cares about my wellbeing and that I was supposed to be closed off and fake to people in order to make more money.
Advice: Listen to your valuable employees who've been there for years when they tell you that they cannot physically handle the job alone during holidays and I'm pretty sure it's ILLEGAL to not pay someone for any hours over 40 in 7 consecutive days!
Pros: I loved everything about the job as far as the work and customers.but when it became holiday season and I was selling 4-5 times as much merchandise than any other time...then it became chaos. Tried to request a second employee for certain shifts at least a couple of days a week and they refused. Was working overtime and not getting paid for it. I ended up leaving after a manager yelled at me in front of customers that nobody "REALLY" cares about my wellbeing and that I was supposed to be closed off and fake to people in order to make more money.

Cons: Nothing major from me here -- cons are very dependent on personality and fit within Shell's strong corporate culture.  If you are not proactive about establishing a network, it can be difficult to get things done.  Networking is very important in this large company as it is hard to stand out with the large amount of intelligent individuals in Shell.
Advice: Shell seems to be on the right track to becoming a more competitive organization.  Thank you for treating employees with respect during the re-organizations.  The openness and long timelines creates stress for the organization, but is very helpful for those who are impacted in that they can plan for the future and say farewell to their colleagues and friends.
Pros: Excellent growth and development for younger staff.  Opportunities are available for those who are willing to work hard and distinguish themselves.  Large companies mean that there is always an opportunity somewhere.  Excellent compensation and company is supportive of work life balance.  Balance is key, sometimes business needs dictate that you need to work extra, sometimes life situations such as family emergencies, child births and health issues lead to situations where employees need support.  I have always found Shell very supportive during challenging life situations.

Cons: They put you in a skill pool early on and determine what your maximum potential will be.  Need to be savvy to move outside of those structures, but it is possible if you know the right people and can put in the effort.  It runs like the government, so change is slow, and moving things along safely is biggest priority.  If you are ambitious and interested in a fast paced environment this might not be for you.
Advice: There needs to be better pathways to encouraging innovation within the company.
Pros: If you want a very stable job this is a place for you.  Very impressed with the level of diversity there. People are down to earth and not pretentious.  Having impressive degrees from ivy league schools won't get you anywhere here. If you work hard and know how to present yourself well and align your goals with mission of the company you will do well.

Cons: Highly competitive co-workers, hard to stand out
Jobs are shed when oil prices go down (good severance packages, though)
Somewhat stressful pressure to deliver and cut costs
Not a nimble company, decisions are made slowly
Management is out of touch
Advice: Be more transparent and honest when cutting staff
Pros: High Salaries
Decent work/ life balance
Annual bonus (10-25% of salary depending on job grade, college hires =10%, mid-career = 15-20%, managers, executives and principal engineers = 25%)
Outstanding Benefits:
401K company contributions (not a match, they contribute regardless of your contributions): 0-1 yr: 0%, 1-5 yr: 2.5%, 6-9 yr: 5%, 9+ yr: 10%
Plus a defined benefit pension plan (above and beyond 401k benefits)
Vacation 0-4 yr: 2 weeks, 5-9 yr: 3 weeks, 10-19 yr: 4 weeks, 20-29 yr: 5 weeks, 30+: 6 weeks
Many opportunities to advance, change careers and work locations.

Cons: This has to be the worst management in the history of my career! I am highly ranked for business/commercial and get acknowledgements and awarded all the time. However, with the current group, I can never win. The management plays games to hold you back from moving forward in your career. I have worked too hard to get to where I am and it is a big discouragement for an employee to perform his/her best when there is too many politics, favoritism, unfair treatment, and unprofessionalism in the management you work for. Too many high performer people have quit the company or left the group due to these reasons and I am about to be another one!
Advice: Look into your leadership and ask the employees to speak up and come forward with the "harassment" they face.
Pros: Benefits and Compensation at Shell is great.

Cons: The negative side of working for Shell is that success ladder is very difficult to come by because lower lever supervisors do not train their employees due to job security
Advice: My advice to management is to partner with universities and other companies so these outside partners will be utilized to train their employees and best practices can be shared as well.  While there are partnerships with universities, it is still done at higher levers so the knowledge is not tricked down.
Pros: Shell has a very competitive benefits (salary, health insurance and vacation) in the oil and gas industry.  They also have a culture of work life balance, Open communication culture, and they are especially passionate about the health of their employees.

Cons: It can sometimes be hard to find that next position.  It is sometimes hard to work at all hours to get in meetings with others around the globe.
Advice: Quit thinking that an American's productivity can and will be achieved by a person in any other country.  It is easy to say that costs will be reduced by moving a role to a lower cost region but in reality productivity isn't as high and anyone working with that person doesn't get as much done either.
Pros: I worked at Shell for over 30 years and it was never boring.  Shell has a policy of having people move jobs every 4 years or so which is a good thing.

Cons: more work than was shown in the job description; moved to open concept offices - I understood this but it was very difficult to keep concentration on work when there were so many voices around you - this does not promote shared problem resolution and is very very distracting
Advice: company should set up some process where there is '360' review process which includes management - this way if you hear the same thing from more than one 'down' line personnel, you have an indicator there may be a problem before it gets out of hand
Pros: It was a good place to work - benefits - retirement plan -

Cons: Heavily matrixed organization with rather slow decision making. Available cash is limited due to oil crash and BG merger - resulted in a drastic decline of projects and hence project management roles. The end of this challenging period is not in sight.
Advice: Management is trying to implement a project management strategy that failed during the 90s which then resulted in massive brain drain and an age gap in competent personnel. I am afraid that this is happening again and the effects of some of the drastic decisions will only be known 5-10 years from now.
Pros: Great benefits and great (above industry standard) pay. Solid and competent personnel and great opportunities (at least before the oil crash occurred)

Cons: Over the past 2-3 years Shell has started to reduce their contractor footprint and lower the rates they pay, as well as the margins paid to agency's. While not surprising in these tough times in the oil patch, it does make it harder to get in the door.
Advice: Continue to look for ways to reduce your project overhead. You have a good process, but  ask yourself if the strict rules you have in place are beneficial, especially for smaller work projects.
Pros: I used to work for Shell as an employee and then as a contractor for 10 years in the IT organization. Most of the people are very friendly and work hard to find ways to make Shell a good place to work.

Cons: There are more ambitious people with leadership potential who work for Shell than there are management positions, so someone who doesn't quite make a management role might not be satisfied with their job later down the line if they were hoping for a leadership role. While Shell does not squander all creativity, being a big oil company, they are fairly risk adverse, so there are not tons of opportunities to try out new technologies not already proven in the Shell system.
Advice: More opportunities to be innovative would be interesting.
Pros: Good work life balance. Peers are intelligent and care about job, but not too intense. There are opportunities to switch roles every 2-5 years which makes the job more interesting.

Cons: Like all large companies, there is a lot of bureaucracy to deal with.    this means it takes extra long to make decisions, but good news is leadership is aware and trying to speed up the process.  Cubicle world now, but I suspect this is true for most mid/large size companies.  The days of offices are over.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - good pay + bonus system, Pension & 401k.   Very smart people to work with and leadership is pretty good.   International company so you get a lot of chances to meet/work with people from all walks of life and all parts of the world.

Cons: Many of the managers are great at managing projects, but not so good at managing people.  The super-competitive environment fosters negative gossip and too much political gamesmanship.  While the projects were interesting, many of the deadlines were unreasonable and required an unhealthy work/life balance.
Advice: Please take some classes to help with your communication and soft skills.  Perhaps concentrating on developing the people who work for you instead of the upward mobility in your own career would be good for all involved.
Pros: The company has many opportunities for training and job experiences.  My colleagues there were very bright and motivated to do well.  My projects were diverse and interesting.

Cons: There exists a core group of middle management level individuals who offer no input opportunities to high performers outside of their constructed group and the outcomes tend to be 1) "business as usual" and 2) reduced employee morale.
Advice: Executive leadership should get in touch with the diverse backgrounds and experiences of proven individual performers on functional and strategic delivery teams.  Executives and Upper Level Managers should assume more responsibility and accountability for the results directly related to professional development of everyone on the team, not just a select few.
Pros: The company's employment contract typically includes a standardized compensation package that compares well to other employers in most locations in the U.S.

Cons: I'd have to say the only downfall working there had nothing to do with customers or management.  It was mainly employees. Some employees were very rude and disrespectful. Not only to other employees but to customers as well.
Advice: My only advice would be, don't play favorites. Wrong is wrong and right is right. Give punishment where it's needed and make sure it's known when an employee is doing great too.
Pros: I really enjoyed working for tho company. They were always willing to work with me if I needed time off or even when I wanted to work extra day. Manager is a beautiful and sweet lady but also stern when she needs to be.

Cons: Ethics doesn't fare well when the company is feeling budget crunch to the point that worst case discharge projections are changed to suit financial limits. Speaking up has you crushed by HR and cut loose by supervisors terrified of backlash. I was surprised because I'd though Shell would be a good, ethical company. The V.P. wouldn't talk to me about it when I tried to speak to someone higher about was going on. Be very careful working here, get everything in writing, and be prepared for inefficiency, silos, and territorial tendencies.
Advice: Offer your middle management severance. The perma frost is freezing out any realistic ability for Shell to change. The attitudes keep Shell from improving your efficiency and the lack of accountability will perpetuate physical asset failures and contract inefficiencies.
Pros: Salary is pretty much the only pro.  Benefits are okay but were better in the past for long term employees.

Cons: It is a giant company, so some things are slow to change, there is a lot of administrative red tape, from a design perspective things are over engineered and often too conservative.
Advice: We need to keep our costs low in the current challenging environment for oil producers but not lose sight of the fact that we must keep bringing new projects on line so that we are sustainable.
Pros: Shell has a good standard benefits package. There are great opportunities to be involved in big engineering projects.  Co-workers come from a diverse background, it is a truly global company.

Cons: If you are an IT professional outside of Bangalore this is not the place for you. The vast majority of jobs are moving there. There has been a mantra from on high for years now: "We are not an IT company." The way things are now moving cost is the only thing that matters. People with real deep knowledge of how systems here work are being let go and replaced with new graduates in India. We are employing some really good people there but the message the business people pass back is they feel that IT does not care about them, just lowering costs.

Apparently Shell makes so little money we now cannot afford to supply a selection of coffee/tea/hot chocolate for the coffee machines. The bins are emptied once per week. A mighty saving of $25k per year. Times are that tough even though we still make more than almost every other company out there.

So much process is really killing the value we can add. Changing an index on a database table can take over a week because the person who knows what change needs to be made cannot do it. At least three tickets need to be raised then when a DBA finally responds you have to walk them through how to make the change. The extreme cost cutting has killed the value.
Advice: Don't make excuses for the poor performance of the people survey. The scores are low because you are doing a bad job not because people are bitter about change. We understand change needs to happen. Manage it correctly.
You keep saying how much you value the people but there are companies out there that make a tiny fraction of what Shell does who can make it a very good working environment. The little things matter more than you seem to think.
Pros: Good pay, reasonable benefits but these are being reduced to save costs, good people

Cons: Black out dates for turn-arounds.
If you don't like some overtime then this may be a challenge.
For Operations, shift work can be tough.
No Pay for required Basic Fire Crew!
Advice: Basic Fire Crew should be a compensatory position. This is a fatal flaw in a excellent system you have designed.
Pros: Safe work environment considering the nature of the business.
Union backed.
Tremendous opportunities for advancement.
Plenty of overtime if you like to do it.
Union pay scale and medical are excellent!
Great paying job even for those without degrees.
Shell's Goal Zero mentality is excellent.
100% vested retirement plans.

Cons: Power hungry, want to fit in with the latest fad, not forward thinking
Advice: Put your hardest workers first, not the minority (unless they're the best) stop trying to be competitive in a market that calls for the best. The people you are promoting are being promoted because of their minority status, not because of their knowledge. To be the best of the best, you must promote the best, which you are not. I've seen many good people leave because the system you have in place has the "yes" man in management, not the forward thinker.
Pros: Good people, good pay, flexible schedules (usually)

Cons: complexity - like any large organisation, company culture still driven more by the pursuit of excellence rather than commercial savvy although that is starting to change,
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, generally supportive of flexible working and career breaks if you ask, rewards performance, respects difference including disability, LGBT, etc, strong on technical excellence and innovation, truly international and global mindset, cross-culture global teams and international travel opportunities for those with the right skills/performance, talented colleagues, company tries to maintain long term perspective and keep investing for growth even during low oil price, strong safety culture and care for employees

Cons: It is a very collaborative company which can sometimes prevent quick decision making.  Change management can be challenging but once change happens the people stick with it.
Advice: Look closely at the habits of the organization and some of the limiting beliefs.  The company will be asked to adapt quickly and needs the right mindset from all its employees.
Pros: Pays generous salaries and gives great benefits.  The people are genuine and generally easy to work with.  The company is focused on solving our energy needs today and being prepared to meet our energy needs in the future.

Cons: Oil & Gas industry, as the industry down turns, the company fluctuates with resources in a less than expected manner. Expatriate positions are getting too limited, which was a significant employee value proposition
Advice: More structured resourcing; instead of huge waves of deployment and recruitment have a robust longer term view. Need to carry out look back of bast 20 years of Mergers and Acquisitions and learn from findings.
Pros: Global Energy company, with great development opportunities. Opening a new chapter through entering to alternative energy sources. An industry leading company with significant R&D capabilities

Cons: They have employees pegged who are going to move up ( no matter how they perform) and if your not one of them your out of luck. Lots of Nepotisim.  The company doesn't realize the talent they have working for them. They
Operate out of a funnel.
Advice: They need to not just look at the bottom line because all markets and opportunities are not the same.
They need to look at promoting the employees who have the skills instead of all the G Grades who they give the upper hand too.
Pros: Pay, bonus structure, benefits, work life balance

Cons: Management, Boom & Bust industry, Slow to move, slow to change. There are too many incompetent middle managers. HR is a train wreck after hiring, often impersonal. Change is very slow to happen.
Advice: Better middle management selection.Even high level managers seem chosen for all the wrong reasons. Team leads are really hit or miss and favoritism can play a big part in advancement.
Pros: Benefits, Pay, Culture, People. The quality of colleagues is high, hiring process is very streamlined and fair, but difficult. Everything is team oriented and collaborative. International experience and opportunities.

Cons: It takes forever to do anything and there is an overwhelming process for everything. It is now a tougher environment in the industry, but as the company looks to control costs, I am seeing more and more decisions that are reasonable when only looked at from a financial perspective, but questionable when considering the complex requirements of this business.
Advice: A dose of humility would be wise in light of Alaska fiasco and now-questionable BG merger.
Pros: Good salary, benefits. Hiring process for engineers is tough and brings great people into the company. Smart, capable people everywhere.

Cons: It is a really large corporation that can sometimes feel like it is run by the HR and Real Estate departments instead doing the right thing for individual parts of the company.  "Globalization" is the buzz word these days.
Advice: It would be nice to keep the change to a minimum.  Recently, they have done a good job of this although new acquisitions have in inevitably led to some shake up.
Pros: A solid company with a history of high performance all around the globe.  Shell does try to handle its employees with integrity.

Cons: Because of the big size of the company there is a lot of overhead and waste and it is not always easy to get something done
Advice: Be aware of middle management which is creating their own kingdom. Enterprice first should be the main driver. Creating own kingdoms should be prevented
Pros: A very solid, mature and reliable company where you can gain a lot of knowledge and develop in different disciplines. Comply, Intervene and Respect are the most important rules and are being followed by all staff from high to low.

Cons: Global environment and meetings.  Doing business in over 100 countries and making policies to fit for all.  The meetings seem to go on and getting the work done sometimes come in second to attendance.
Advice: Practice your Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Respect.  Monitor mid-level Supervisors and Front Line Supervisors to see who actually use/practice them.
Pros: Good benefits, people, environment.  Sometimes (under certain supervisors) Work Life balance is a challenge especially with the challenging petroleum and energy industries.

Cons: Some people think that Shell revolves around them, which is not necessarily true. Don't let them think this way! Company sponsors good values. Pick a good team.
Advice: Every manager joining Shell should be trained by Shell's way of treating their employees, which is with care and respect for the employees.
Pros: Shell is very much people-oriented. As an employee, you can shape your career as you desire. You can engage with other people, determine where you are looking to develop, and then go after these areas. Very accommodating overall. Good salary and benefits.

Cons: Commercial decision making process needs work. Fail to follow structured Gate System and mega projects are all over budget and off schedule. Highly nepotistic and HR system is fundamentally corrupt. Difficult to have a conversation about sticky issues without being retaliated against. Ethics group also corrupt.
Advice: See your group's performance as a reflection of your own performance.  Promote based on work delivered and skills. Many times discrimination blatant and obvious. You are not God and don't rule the world to judge people from a distance.
Pros: Good focus on research and development, willing to take risks, trim unnecessary processes, and can be very transparent. Strong technical people. Flexible work schedules.

Cons: As with many large multinational corporations, its sometimes difficult to get a feel for and understand all the integrated aspects of how the overall Enterprise functions.
Advice: Keep extending the limits of what is possible!
Pros: A progressive multi-national that understand and values the diversity of its employees! A company that actually lives it's corporate values which insures all its employees have the opportunity to achieve their highest aspiration and dreams! A courageous company that dares to reach for what other companies in the Industry typically feel is the impossible...

Cons: No Cons and everything is almost fine i am only looking for a new job as the contract is about to finish .
Advice: None
Pros: The Horizon program is concerned with CGI providing a service to manage Shell Fuel card operations and consists of two phases, the transition and transformation phases. The transition phase of the program involves CGI taking ownership of current Fuel Card services and the transformation phase of the program involves the introduction of new applications within current CGI Service infrastructure to support the processes.

Cons: stressful with offshoring of work.  Not many people in US left.   Hard to work with time zones in other cities around the world.
Advice: Soon all the "crew change " will be retired and groups handling the accounting across the world will need to step up to the plate.   Good areas and not so good at the the moment.
Pros: Great health and medical benefits.  9/80 work schedule.   Flexible work hours .   Ability to work from home

Cons: The one thing I see and there is nothing the company could do about it, is the price of oil effect.
Advice: I understand that being in a supervisor role there are things that you don't tell your people. The one thing I see when this happens is the people will start rumors on the subject.
Pros: First is the people that work here. Everyone is on the same page with safety and family. The benefits are better than I imaged when looking in to the job.

Cons: The fact that they do not hire permanent positions is unfortunate. It seems that the company hires contract workers for 6 months then ends their contract in order to not pay benefits.
Advice: I think it would be beneficial to employees to review department supervisors more often. There are some who lack ethics and  are only out for themselves.
Pros: Pleasant work environment. Most in the particular department I worked in were team players and easy to work with. Lots of opportunity to learn about the industry.

Cons: Management is constantly reorganizing. Too many moving interconnected parts that need to be separated. Inconsistent decisions by people who are far removed from the actual front line businesses. Management asks for input, then completely ignores it.
Advice: More local control. Less accounting games with SG&A. More unit autonomy. Realistic approach to dealing with economic conditions is sorely needed.
Pros: Big company, Benefits are great. Operates globally in various energy sectors. Great if your projects are properly funded and have management buy in.

Cons: -Espoused vs enacted values describe managements view on several important matters. Managers are hip to the latest buzz words and technology but  lack the strategic foreseight. This limitation plagues their ability to actually recruit, engage and maintain employees capable of executing.
Advice: -None...dying breed of big oil companies who lack ability to curb organizational intertia. Layoffs were welcomed with gobs of talented people  happily leaving.
Pros: -Resources are abundant where personal development is never sacrificed. Many mechanisms to create opportunities albeit not all being professional.

Cons: Highly networked company.  Entering in mid-career can be a challenge to longevity within Shell.  Quite a few 'treading water' roles that you want to stay away from.  If you are in Manufacturing, do not move to Supply & Distribution (now called Trading & Supply).
Advice: Reduce red-tape and create an atmosphere of authenticity
Pros: A variety of roles to do when you are at a lower job grade.  Salary is top in the industry.

Cons: Extremely large company with global processes can make for a challenging approval and technical (IT applications) bureaucracy.
Advice: On a great trajectory, continue the journey!
Pros: Shell is an outstanding employer with very generous compensation and excellent benefits (401k, medical, dental, etc). 
Shell's emphasis on respect and integrity is consistently reiterated and lived-out by leaders and staff.
No shortage of growth opportunities (horizontal and vertical, as well as geographic) nor of work challenges focused on delivering value to the enterprise.

Cons: Management is attained through a very cut-throat and political process.
Managers usually aren't the most qualified, but rather the most liked by upper management.
Many cliques, either you were in the old-boys-club or you weren't.
Advice: Promote based on merit and not inter-office politics.  Hold managers accountable for performance.  Encourage turnover in management.
Pros: Benefits and time off were outstanding.  
Great starting salary with yearly raises and easily attainable bonuses.
Great people to work with in the trenches.

Cons: Not many. Shell is a great company to work for! Sometimes decisions take a longer time to reach because of collaboration and inclusiveness of ideas of a wide group of stakeholders
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: It's a Multinational and Multicultural company. You get great  compensation. 
 Career development opportunities are provided and you get to work with great people.
Also you enjoy international travel opportunities

Cons: Company in transitions always have internal friction, same for Shell as it's refocussing on gas and pulling back from many other businesses. 
Quite some internal competition for "fun" jobs in which you can be creative. A LOT is standardised - if you like that Shell is great. 
You shouldn't mind that Shell is and will be a fossil fuel extractor and retailer
Advice: Keep innovating, top-down AND bottom-up
Pros: Great colleagues, great remuneration and secondary benefits, growth opportunities present

Cons: There are some place nearby that is not good in some case as we have seen problems happened before for homeless people. So need some other problems need to be fixed.
Advice: There are some changes need for the better business outcome. Also need to remodel some parts of the business.
Pros: This is the best place to work for anyone to get familiar with different ccountry people. So I really enjoy this much enough.

Cons: Buddy system is prominent.  If you aren't in the circle then its curtains for you.
Advice: Enforce parity among operators.  When operators arrive tardy or intoxicated, counsel them.  When their peers see them being reprimanded and recorded in their file it will raise morale.  Also, let their performance or lack there of reflect on their end of year bonus, this will certainly bring satisfaction.
Pros: Starting pay averages much higher than other positions without having a college education or previous experience.

Cons: it is the perception that Sr. Mgmt and HR are not always honest in the decisions made.
Advice: They need to be more transparent and make decision more quickly.
Pros: Shell is a great company to work for. The benefits include, a 401k that is matched, a pension, yearly bonus and health insurance. The job lengths are 3-4 years so that you can move on to another position within the company. They help you achieve your career path.

Cons: Poor leadership and work environment, not a place for passionate, motivated sales people who want to excel.
Advice: Lead by the values you speak of.  The moral is poor due to poor leadership and a questionable work ethic.  Good people with core skills needed for real success will continue to leave.
Pros: Pay and bonus are above average.

Cons: Hard work and very long hours. Worked late nights and weekends, pay didn't equal amount of work. Takes a while for bonus/promotion, but is worth the wait
Advice: Be upfront in interviews about what all the job entails. Don't be afraid to negotiate salaries based on experience and age.
Pros: Great environment, management was superb and was very clear with defining job roles and responsibility. Internal growth has been preached from day one.

Cons: There was a barrier in getting to know people personally, because English was sometimes not the  language of choice( I was the only non European).
Advice: Stick interns in groups that might be easier to work with. ( Everyone was very nice, just a little difficult for someone trying to figure out everything.)
Pros: I was able to work with people from all over the world, and gain a lot of experience of a true global community.

Cons: The work hours can be long, people are overly concerned with moving up.  It can be very cut throat, and very political.
Advice: I don't have any real advice to management.  They are doing a pretty good job, except the overhead structure seems to be very high.
Pros: Lots of benefit to learn the industry from the ground up. Great benefits, salary is high as well.  They can move you around if you stand out.

Cons: If you want to accomplish anything of any real meaning, you will be sorely disappointed. The company is 99% about making Shell look innovative and 1% about anything of substance. It's embarrassing.
Advice: It's all just for show, so what's to say? Keep up the charade, don't rock the boat, and everyone will be happy. Fire the HR people. Seriously, just take a look at the hiring results for the last couple of years.
Pros: Interesting projects are available, if you're buddies with right people. Everything is very early stage development, so there's no real accountability for failure. It's not a bad deal, really.

Cons: No cons at this job. The only negative I can think of are the brain freezies from all the free slurpies!
Advice: Keep on doing you
Pros: Shell allows me to expand my growth capability in so many ways. Being a cashier for shell is my dream job. Management is fantastic and lets me rock at my job. Started out at 9.89/Hr and work my way up to 10/Hr so my career is on the up and up.

Cons: The hours are really long and you might not be able to go home at a reasonable hour for multiple weeks at a time from year to year
Advice: management should listen to its employees more and reduce the red tape around working at shell and the structure of the company
Pros: the pay is great but the work conditions can be arduous and perhaps even unsafe but the end of year bonus and safety bonus rock

Cons: In current economic climate for the Oil and Gas industry, Shell is having to let good people go.
Advice: Keep being transparent and showing sincere concern for employees; it's appreciated.
Pros: Shell employees -- from staff to managers to senior executives -- consistently demonstrate integrity, intelligence, dedication, transparency, and a sincere concern not only for staff development and satisfaction but also for the environment and communities at both the local and global levels.

Cons: Shell has become very competitive and one continues to get more and more work. Management also has a hard time making decisions which delays things from getting done.
Advice: Make decisions more efficiently and also dedicate more energy into training and preparing graduates.
Pros: The best aspect of Shell is that they people are nice to work with and that there are some people that care. Up until recently it was a diverse and very welcoming company.

Cons: Shell is sometimes considered the least competitive among the big oil companies because of slow decision making.  But I don't have much bad to say.
Advice: Not much to say here.  Maybe focus less on certain things that don't have a defined payoff.  Could save money that way.
Pros: Great benefits, great development opportunities for new graduates, they encourage growth, challenging and exciting work, and great work-life balance

Cons: Some employee's are underpaid a lot. Bad communication. In some departmentsort a lot of micro management.
Advice: Help us help you, we are all adults so treat us such, don't impose rules on is that you wouldn't want someone to impose on you. Start fixing problems and not always just finding someone to blame when something goes wrong
Pros: Good benefits, good work experience, fair amount of opportunity for advancement

Cons: Their philosophy of "I Care" is a fallacy.  Not committed to the safety and well-being of employees.  Corporation is too large of a beast.  When bad times hit and employees do not have the right support, management just throws them "under the bus" and blames them.
Advice: None, they are never at fault, so, therefore, will never listen.
Pros: None, except salary and benefits.

Cons: Store owner was never pleased with employee's efforts.  Regardless of full or part time status, benefits were not offered.  No advancement  opportunities.
Advice: Appreciate and reward individual employee's efforts.  Analyze store busy periods and schedule staff appropriately.  Offer benefits to full time employees.
Pros: Convenient Commute.  Great Customers.  Attractive atmosphere in which to work.  Ample hours with a flexible schedule.  Above minimum wage pay.

Cons: You must be willing to go beyond your comfort zone in your assigned job so that you can identify future opportunities within the company.
Advice: stress importance of linking daily work activities to clearly defined business objectives. Otherwise, staff will become confused when it comes to what are key success metrics, individually and collectively.
Pros: Upper end of compensation package, good environment to learn fundamentals and to be challenged

Cons: Work can get extremely busy, a lot of red tape tp wade through, and sometimes things don't get done because the other people you depend on are too swamped.
Advice: More visibility and better career development. Keep your doors open more and get more engaged in the day to day aspects of work
Pros: Great pay, good development, work is busy (depending on your project) and you're given real responsibilities

Cons: Group, European mindset leads to long decision making processes and minimal ownership or accountability, but that's finally shifting.
Advice: Continue the push for true accountability and fully commit to a fully diverse and inclusive culture.
Pros: Historically very fair in determining future career options and truly encouraging a work-life balance.  Still does a lot of research in house and has fantastic capabilities and samples with which to work.

Cons: Upper mgmt walks around on power trip, supply has taken the reigns in trading, archaic and non dependable systems in place for trading to full capacity.
Advice: Honesty is always best. Not tolerating under performance. Not flirting and sucking up to all the females.
Pros: Great benefits, busy and lively atmosphere, open-concept, fast-paced, nice people, room for career development if you are patient, flexible, family oriented, stable

Cons: Growth and mentoring is not good, would not recommend to stay here for too long as it would cause skills to stagnate
Advice: Invest more time and effort in developing people, Give people opportunities to grow through challenging assignments, institute an up-or-out policy to rotate senior staff and give opportunities to other
Pros: Stable job, good work life balance, opportunities to work across multiple countries

Cons: Too big with a lot of beuracracy that can be frustrating and hamper abilities to deliver results in a timely manner.
Advice: Contnue with the IT transformation program.  IT must be broken to fix it becoming an agile delivery IT organization.
Pros: Company to be proud of..Shell is committed to cleaner energies.  Great benefits, good people, much opportunity to move around and grow.

Cons: It only paid min wage, and no room for moving up. A great job for people in highschool or college
Advice: Continue doing what you are doing, work on the high turnover. And call off policy
Pros: There is a very friendly environment, the location i worked at was in a very small town. So it had more of a small business feel to it

Cons: As with any corporate job, you will have politics.  It's a Dutch company and currently most of the jobs will be found in other countries and the jobs in the US are being minimized.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are good. The people are professional and diverse.  Employee networks are available.  They have continuing education benefits and other training available.

Cons: no very weak to point out. just that it will take all the necessary skills to perform the job. work smart. get connected within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: very strong company near. starts with low position but when the time comes, you will get all the pay range during your employment over time.Glad to make it in the company for almost six years.

Cons: Big, slow, bureacratic. Going through a severe downsizing due to extended low oil price cycle.
Advice: Don't forget how important the U.S. to the company's future, even the HQ is in Europe.
Pros: Important company doing important work; full of smart people; solid corporate values.  Serious about adapting to a changing, lower carbon energy future.

Cons: Very competitive environment.  If you are considering joining our group please make sure you are ready to compete and do the best job possible.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work very welcoming environment.  Offers competitive salaries, flexible schedules, and great benefits.  If you are looking for a welcoming family please join our team.

Cons: Minimal promotion abilities, rude/intolerable  customers, short shifts at times.
Advice: Allow people to learn more. If employee wants to learn or take smaller responsibilities show them the correct way to go about it. Make moving up in the company an easier possibility and people would stay with said company longer.
Pros: Friendly people, plenty to keepay busy with,fast-paced.

Cons: No consistency in annual performance review across global. Big loop hole in the performance review process with very subjective ranking outcome. You have to be a big brown nose to get good IPF (Individual Performance Factor).
Advice: Be transparent and consistent in performance review process. Do not double standard on IPF.
Pros: Overall a good company to work for with great benefits and compensation package.

Cons: Big company,  can be slow on decisions.
Advice: We, senior management,  must continue to push for simplifying and speeding up the company.
Pros: High salaries, among the best benefits in America. Pension,  10% company donation to 401k with no employee donation required, great health insurance,  etc. Great people, technology and work family balance.

Cons: No work life balance, i am all for being safe while working but they take a cult like approach to it. You are always guilty util you can prove your innocence with a safety issue
Advice: Listen to your people they are extremely talented. Remove mountains of admin
Pros: Excellent compensation, and benefits, plenty of opportunity for those who wish to chase it across various locations

Cons: Very poor corporate culture.  Every employee know their exact retirement date.  You are very aware that it is a foreign owned company.
Advice: It is too bad that individual countries are not allowed to operate as a stand alone entity
Pros: Salary was excellent.  This is one of the few things that retains employees work for this global company.

Cons: Every month, one or two people are leaving the company. There are so many unhappy employees in such a small office. It has been like this for more than a year.  The projects are very boring. Engineers are wasting their time on doing the white paper study, instead of building the real products. The senior management is busy with their own career advancement, instead of being a true leader.
Advice: be a true leader
Pros: very good food. The location is nice. Excellent life work balance-- because the work is not challenging.

Cons: poor management and owners lac of interest
Advice: It all depends on the franchise owner. My particular franchise owner has 3 stores and they are not very employee friendly. The schedule is put out the day of and hours are given based on friendship with the manager which is a 19-year-old immature kid with drama.
Pros: it’s in the air condition and not difficult work

Cons: Benefits are not really at industrial standards. Work life balance is not readily attained and stress levels could be high
Advice: Invest in company events where employees can participate and have fun thus relieving stress and improving overall participation
Pros: There is opportunity to grow as new challenges are offered each day this improving skills ranges and experiences in a useful manner

Cons: no raises, overworked and underpaid world not give me more than 22 hours a week and if I worked over 22 hours I wouldn't get paid for the extra hours.
Advice: appreciate your dedicated and loyal employees more
Pros: it was close to home and it was an easy job and I loved the hours I worked and weekends off.

Cons: The oil environment is volatile and the possibility of losing your job or having to transfer roles every 4 years is a bit daunting.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked with some of the most down to earth and kind hearted people that you could possibly hope for. The opposite of what I had expected.

Cons: Like all big organizations it's hard to get visibility if that is what one desires and growth can really be a challenge without the right exposure.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to work with smart people from all over the world and it is truly multicultural. If you want to do something new, there is always the opportunity.

Cons: Long working hours, management doesn't know what they are doing. Lots of changes in management..very frequent change. Cut jobs easily and employee no motivation to stay
Advice: More training, involved
Pros: Generally interesting project, travel different places. Big organization. Many interesting people to work with. Off Friday and work life balance (at least they promote)

Cons: i got work as a pumper her in our country
Advice: i hope you'll accept my advice .. my advice is to maintain the good employer/employee as one of the respect to each other and no to bully
Pros: i want to work cause i love my job ab and also to earn money for my family

Cons: - Bureaucratic that can be expected at any company the size of Shell 
-
Advice: Keep giving young talent the ability to make an impact early on in their careers. Don't hold meetings unless they are needed.
Pros: -Competitive benefits 
- Ability to work with top notch people 
- Great work life balance

Cons: As with most of the oil and gas industry, stressful environment with current downturn in oil prices in the united states of America.
Advice: Continue focusing on adding value to the stockholder.  Ensure that carbon reductions or management is credible.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Have opportunity to work on cutting edge, state of the art, interesting projects or assignments.

Cons: For experienced engineers, they don't seem to value you that much. They think their army of new engineers can do anything.
Advice: Experienced engineers carry valuable plant operation experience. Need to ensure experienced engineers felt appreciated.
Pros: As a new employee, you will be fortunate to work a few jobs before settling down.

Cons: All meetings are virtual which does not allow one to meet their work mates. Too much structure with all of the processes a person has to follow.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent financial and medical benefits. Ability to work remote prevents you from being involved in daily traffic problems. The company is very accommodating to working hours.

Cons: Difficult to reach decisions
Matrix organization
Leadership lacks direction for employees
Limited forward thinking
Advice: Leadership needs to better understand where the company is going and provide more forward thinking to stabilize the company as a whole.  Decision making is slow and often mis-informed, delaying work making the company noncompetitive.
Pros: Great people
Great opportunities
Many challenges
Diversity of thought
Great benefits

Cons: The pay could be higher. They could choose a date to pay us instead of paying us when they feel like it
Advice: Set a date to pay us. Give employees a raise.
Pros: The owners are great to work for. It's an easy job with a lot of responsibility but I love it.

Cons: The pay is low at minimum wage, and working long shifts still does not bring in good enough money to sustain a career.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Easy and fun working here. I enjoy my time at work and look forward to it. Never a dull moment at Shell!

Cons: Unstable oil market is forcing employees to be severed unable to sustain shareholder profit.
Advice: Reward hard work and do not make it all about networking when providing benefit personal performance factors. Know what your employees are working on and acknowledge hard work.
Pros: Benefits, people first, Bonuses and Safety First

Cons: Management don't trust employees.  Can't express your self freely or offer ways of improvement without being black balled.
Advice: Accept employee input for improvements to be able to work better, faster, cheaper.  Let employees work smarter not just harder.
Pros: Easy work.  Pay is ok.  Free coffee and fruit.

Cons: There is a strong emphasis on consensus and it takes an act of congress to get anything done which can create a lack of accountability.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong emphasis on safety in all parts of the organization. There is also transparency for any decisions impacting employees, and it is great to take advantage of Friday's off.

Cons: Limited options unless willing to move internationally and management has a hesitation to move staff to different organizations once they have established a expertise
Advice: Embrace service leadership
Pros: Great technical training and many senior specialists to build depth.  Variety of projects and types of reservoirs provides opportunities to explore.

Cons: some of the downsides working for mamou she'll is you haf to run the store all alone busy or not
Advice: Hire More people since you can't be at the store when needed
Pros: The best reason to work at Mamiu Shell is because the owner is really patience and takes time training you.

Cons: The company is very big and often times it takes longer than expected to get approves or make necessary changes.
Advice: None
Pros: You get great experiences with various groups in the HR community across businesses. It is a very diverse set of employees and you get to work with people across the globe.

Cons: Rude customers and sometimes my bosses micromanage way too much. I really just wanted to read reviews about another job but ha e to fill out this silly survey to do that. Boo!
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours and I liked working for my bosses. Loved helping the customers and working with my coworkers. Fun job overall.

Cons: Too much talk about mentoring, diversity, inclusiveness, fair treat & play and promotions based on merit....nothing is real just a noise!
Company is internally clan-ish: "If you aren't Dutch, you are not much!"
Advice: Advice to Mid-Management: Walk the Talk!
Pros: Good, solid company. Outstanding opportunity to learn and grow your professional knowledge.

Cons: Nothing negative in my opinion. Not a perfect organisation but the leadership is doing great work to make it the very best in the industry.
Advice: Keep listening and you are doing a good job!!
Pros: Excellent career opportunities, friendly colleagues and well structured organisation with so much intelligent people to learn from.

Cons: Some degree of micro-management.  Change is very slow and painful.  Internal sales support can be lacking
Advice: If you ask for input from your employees then you should act upon it
Pros: Seem to care about employee health and safety.  Can pay well if you hit your targets

Cons: The major problem in oil & gas industry: everything goes well if the oil price is high and everyone chooses to do more politics if the oil price is low.
Advice: None
Pros: Big company, good work-life balance, good compensation, good training program, and good projects if you are in the right team

Cons: must suffer through posting on and landing a new job every 2-4 years, lots of reorganization, even good performers are at risk during reorg
Advice: quit letting loyal long term employees performing well go!
Pros: very flexible on working remotely/ schedules that allow for work life balance, great benefits, good diversity

Cons: Some employees look more to next promotion than common sense decision making, decision are slow and so is pace
Advice: Stop telling everyone they can be VP one day, you need more workers than managers
Pros: Many opportunities if trying to move up in company, many technical jobs and people

Cons: Like most corporate jobs, can be very political, but if you work hard, you will be rewarded most of the time.
Advice: None
Pros: This was a great, stable company to work for. If I had been interested in a long-term position, moving from role to role, I would have stayed.

Cons: There are no cons which I can think of other then the fact they sold the terminal to a not so high standard company.
Advice: Keep safety a top priority and remember a happy employee is a great asset for the company.
Pros: Excellent benefits and concentration on safety.

Cons: I was given the mandate to introduce 21st century practices and procedures in facility and systems commissioning to a group of direct-hire, long term employees, that unfortunately were adept in 19th century practices, along with resistant to change, mindset of employees
Advice: when giving such a mandate, ensure authority for enforcement is also provided
Pros: pay was excellent and could not ask for better support from commissioning team. Also, working in New Orleans was an excellent adventure and I recommend the experience to all.

Cons: Global company with lots of complexity
Lowering costs by streamlining people into Global Hub, making local opportunities very difficult.
Advice: Listen to employees. see the talent already in the company and do not lose them. Now your strengths and build on it.
Pros: great people,  good work ethic and competitive salary

Cons: There is a lot of movement of employees due to selling of assets. Job security due to the swing in the price of oil.
Advice: They do a good jobs considering the market. There is still a good ol boy mentality.
Pros: Great Benefits, outstanding retirement plan, lots of smart people.

Cons: Traditional managerial focus that sometimes makes slow decision making, some bureaucracy, departmental silos
Advice: Keep investing in people's development and improve decision making process
Pros: Strong company with large resources, good opportunities for moving up the ladder, great training & advancement resources. Nowadays concentrating on process improvement, very good company overall.

Cons: Low oil prices continue to force workforce cutbacks
Advice: Continue to demonstrate that you care by delivering exceptional leadership
Pros: Quality, professional coworkers, flexibility of work hours, special award recognition, compensation, safety mindset, plenty of opportunities to be challenged, travel policy, support from colleges, genuine care

Cons: Bureaucracy and slow to project excution often overtaken by cost. Not for a challenge loving professional.
Non competitive compensation.
Advice: Be more proactive and more risk averse on projects.
Need to eliminate lots of waste in the decision making processes.
Pros: Good Work Life balance.
Good office environment and commitment to safety.

Cons: Older management styles, still stuck in 90s.
Sometimes an unwillingness to change with current trends.
Who you know is more important than skills in some groups.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, competitive benefits, solid package. Overall a great place to work. Good people, willing to help you learn and grow.

Cons: Removed many of the flexible working options, Dutch company and hub focused in Europe with less attention paid on US employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits including pay, retirement, etc. used to be better about flexible working conditions, and great position in the industry.

Cons: Poor work life balance. Asked to do more with less to often. Jobs are regularly offshored or eliminated during negative market conditions.
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation and chances to become exposed to a diverse group of businesses. Good mentors and networking opportunities. Free gym membership.

Cons: The decision process may be too cumbersome and lengthy, not always including key people in decision making. Sometimes HR policies make the company loose good people.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance, especially the 9/80 schedule. Generally good work environment.

Cons: Unfortunately, must know what to kiss and when in order to move up.  Many of the hard workers are not acknowledged.
Advice: Would be nice for management to take a deeper dive into the unprofessional workers who report to them - in order to ensure fair and proper treatment of employees.
Pros: Good overall engineering discipline procedures.  Good access to discipline leads.  Knowledgeable construction team for field work but difficult to work with operations groups.

Cons: Uneven management quality; policies are nonsensical and not well communicated
Advice: Focus on decisionmaking is good; making tough decisions is needed
Pros: Good environment, particularly in US and European offices; supportive management at times and can be a challenging environment that helps you develop and grow

Cons: Cyclical industry
Red tape
Political industry
Too many people on one job can make it hard to get things done
Advice: More transparency
Pros: Good pay
Large projects
Great training programs
Good hours
People are generally very nice to work with
Lots of opportunity to work as an expat

Cons: - Too large company. You are a drop in a ocean to be recognized.
- A lot of changes in the company affecting many old time employees
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance
- A bit bureaucratic, decision making by consensus

Cons: Barely balance between work and play. By myself in the store all the time.
Advice: None
Pros: Local Shell so most customers were locals. Manager worked with me for hours and eve went out of their way for my birthday!! It was a awesome experience.

Cons: company too large and it is rather difficult to network
Advice: None
Pros: incredible benefits.  You are pretty autonomous and bosses are confident and trust your work.  No micro-managing which is great as experience, dedication and knowledge of your profession is regarded.

Cons: A company that tends to help out they workers on work done safely
Advice: Highly qualified staff profecional, making the company the best in its production
Pros: It is a well-known company, the way of working, and security they do

Cons: Matrixed organization with a lot of approvals and red tape.
Advice: Get more space on the trade floor.
Pros: You become cross functional supporting various initiatives across business units.  World class trading organization and asset base.  Aggressive culture.

Cons: Complete disconnect between job responsbilities and trainings i.e no support from management. To many reorgs and complete lack of interest of management in one's development plan
Advice: None
Pros: Structured training and ok benefits

Cons: The human resources department needs work. Many cannot answer simple questions.
Advice: None
Pros: Take care of their employees. Safety first! Feel empowered. The BOOST program really helped me excel when I arrived on platform in the Gulf of Mexico.

Cons: Roller coaster industry.  Layoffs every 5 to 7 years.  Lots of processes and standardization.
Advice: Reduce processes.
Pros: Great pay, great flexibility, opportunity to grow in jobs

Cons: The equipment that is at some of the plants is outdated, however improvements are always being made.
Advice: None
Pros: They offer a good benefits package, and they are extremely comparable to the rest of the market.

Cons: Shell has gone through several off shorings.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a great global company that gives you every opportunity to succeed. I had the opportunity to move up on an average of every 3 years.

Cons: Slow decision making by management, poor communications from HR, advancement is very slow.
Advice: Priorities and timelines matter. Effective leadership needs to be explored.
Pros: Co-workers are lovely for the most part. Higher pay than 95% of the region.

Cons: I don´t see and I don´t know any downsides.
Advice: the management should be improved all the time.
Pros: It´s a very good company, there is a lot of opportunities to grow in your career.

Cons: Some times too nice, hard to get feed back for others to personally improve and grow.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell really cares about their employees. They allow flexible work hours and opportunities are big for high achievers.

Cons: Owners do not care about their employees needs, pay minimum wage and no appreciation what so ever, no growing opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Co-workers are nice and almost no pressure environment if you are multi-task person you'll be fine

Cons: There really isn't any downsides about working here
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and atmosphere really enjoyed working here pay was good and benefits as well just wish we didn't have to relocate due to the economy

Cons: Vision is not always shared fully and deadlines sometime take precedence.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, smart and dedicated co-workers, safe and responsible working conditions. Progressive work atmosphere where new ideas are welcomed and encouraged.

Cons: The area was extremely dangerous with organised crime
Advice: None
Pros: This is a company who invested in its employees to the maximum possible and all of the managers were trained by the company with many years of service.

Cons: Initial challenges of a start up in Bangalore, but right actions are being taken.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities, Ideas are valued, Good Work life Balance, Management in conscious about employees personal time.

Cons: none really. everything is so good. I like my job there. It was great time
Advice: None
Pros: it was great to explore large warehouses like that and have lots of new experiences.

Cons: If you don't know how to network, this company may not be for you. Also seems to weed out older workers.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good, educational advantages

Cons: The work environment is very stressful and lots of politics involved. you should be very conscious of behind your back
Advice: Disaster. No help no support, even opposite of that
Pros: the pay is very good.

Cons: Uncertainty due to oil price.  Beware of 4-year window/term policy, which is normally good for upward mobility, but now it means you may be let go after 4 years.
Advice: Managers are arrogant, sometimes even abusive, certainly not a respectful work place, especially given the current climate.  Low morale will hurt the company.
Pros: Crazy high pay comparing to other industries.

Cons: Not too welcoming for contractors.
Advice: Attend too many "workshops "
Pros: You certainly get paid a higher rate for the services you are there to do, at the time there was alot to do.

Cons: Not to much bad to say only thing I can say is long hours
Advice: Keep up the the good work should do more hiring
Pros: Good company great pay each day is different

Cons: Slow, Red tape, no career path for lower level employees, cyclical business (lots of reorganization)
Advice: None
Pros: Fabulous benefits, good pay, great people, cool science

Cons: Hours were always at midnight forward.
Best shift went to seniority, should be on a rotation
Basic pay
Advice: Was not discussed
Pros: Uniform provided 
Good training 
Management always there to help

Cons: Not very good work-life balance. The timing should be followed properly.
Advice: Improve the work-life balance for the people. More social activities.
Pros: Good salary
Free food
Career growth opportunity

Cons: There can be quite some office politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to learn & grow
Training of employees is given high priority
Path for development and advancement is regularly discussed

Cons: Depending on what team you work with you may deal with a little bit of struggle to get information on your projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, benefits, and intern culture.

Cons: Chemical factory has potential danger factor
Advice: None
Pros: My intern there is relative good, Shell has advanced management system, people work efficiently there. And of course, shell's compensation is usually good

Cons: large corporation. many layers of management and procedures.
Advice: don’t have any advice for management at this time.
Pros: strong company to work for. good benefits. smart people to work with. great industry

Cons: Due to major layoffs, jobs were moved out of the United States.
Advice: With certain criteria advancements were great.
Pros: Good company to work for, excellent benefits and challenges

Cons: Large company with a lot of moving parts making it difficult to understand the whole business in a short period of time.
Advice: None
Pros: International company with a broad range of opportunities.

Cons: None that I could think of. Like working here.Colleagues and management are friendly.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/Life Balance
Good Pay - competitive
Very good Benefits
Colleagues and management are friendly and nice to work with
Proximity

Cons: Bureaucratic and large organization. Slow in decision making
Advice: To become thinner in the middle and taking option with new recruits
Pros: Safety and D&I conscious. Inclusive of staff

Cons: very political internal hiring
Advice: stop the CEP process and have a free market MOR system
Pros: good technical people and good work life balance

Cons: Not many opportunities to be promoted within. Management is not very open with all employees. Training is pretty much inexistent.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic and diverse environment. The benefits are good.

Cons: Large company.  Prone to re-orgs, lay-offs, and overall job insecurity due to oil prices.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has great benefits, a lot of opportunity for growth, values talent.

Cons: growing your skills and experience can be detrimental.
Advice: advancing your reports advances you
Pros: benefit package pay plan work life balance.  you with the best people in their field.

Cons: Large company, difficult to understand the larger picture
Advice: Do a better job of organization definition via org charts and share with lower levels
Pros: Focus on development and growth

Cons: - Terrible management
- Bad communication
- Can get quite boring
Advice: Learn to communicate more efficiently with your staff and treat them better.
Pros: - Flexible scheduling
- Easy work
- Good starting job

Cons: Still too many layers of management.
Advice: Listen to all your employees.  They all have a voice.
Pros: Benefits are comparable to other large O&G Co's.

Cons: Stressful, memory exhaustion , demanding and heavy artillery usage
Advice: Keep up the good work and stay focused
Pros: Nice pay out and workers welfare

Cons: Management is focused too much on the work process
Advice: pay for attention to capital investment
Pros: Great People to work with, interesting work, room for advancement

Cons: Way to many procedures and processes, but that is expected in a company the size of Shell.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Benefits, great support and extremely professional

Cons: No benefits with independent owner no communication trying to get repairs when needed is difficult
Advice: Be very careful when working with an independent owned company you'll be working for nothing and always expected to do more
Pros: The customers are the best part of this job working with an independent owned store
Needs improvement in how operation's are done

Cons: Complexity of process and procedure
Advice: Simplify and Lean process to promote efficiency
Pros: Promote work life balance, transparent organisation and decision making proceses

Cons: Typical bureaucracy of a large company
Advice: Less unnecessary process or metrics and more common sense assessments
Pros: Work/Life Balance and competitive compensation

Cons: Shifting responsibilities in a large corporations means things change fast, and often not for the best
Advice: More communication to staff
Pros: Zero micromanagement; reliable office spaces

Cons: Economy drive may make some projects difficult to execute
Advice: None
Pros: Best employer to work for.  Lots of opportunity for talent

Cons: Too many tiers of middle management, very conservative culture
Advice: Have better equality between management path and technical path
Pros: Good Benefits, Great people to work with

Cons: Not much to think of it would get busy at times
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work with for
Work 14 days on off for 14 days

Cons: Not really any, but their safety rules were a bit extreme.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment, very nice buildings, many perks to working there

Cons: Overworked and too many people to support at one time, over 50 employees per our admin
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and good amount of vacation

Cons: non-technical staff career paths are not as well managed as technical staff
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefit package
401 K match up to 11%
9/80 Schedule

Cons: Car wash always broken down
Advice: Replace brushes in carwash the ones they have are old
Pros: Great customers and employees who work there

Cons: No employer sponsored heath insurance.
Advice: Great place to work.  Owner very fair and supportive.
Pros: Competitive wages, employer sponsored 401K, great working environment.

Cons: layoffs due to market
Advice: i will be an asset to your company by being a team player and leader
Pros: great pay up to standards

Cons: Politics, sometimes feel like a "cog" in the machine
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, interseting work, smart people, HR cares about your development

Cons: n/a. I don't see any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: International exposure, continous improvement, very professional people and the opportunity to growth within the company.

Cons: Interview process was intense. There was a quick turnaround period of accepting.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and starting bonus coming straight out of college.

Cons: Nothing bad to say.  Enjoyed working for Shell Oil Company.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company to work for.  Very good benefits.

Cons: Not enough pay not enough peps not enough cut in hours
Advice: Friendly is the key
Pros: Customer service is great love helping people

Cons: Global processes and programs sometime not fit for US
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation and benefits
Good growth and professional development opportunities
Good environment
Excellent people

Cons: network matters. some managers play a lot politics.
Advice: need a fair employee performace valutaion process
Pros: good work-life balance. good compensation.

Cons: Challenging times in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful company, dedicated to your development and exposure through structured internship and graduate programs.

Cons: Sometimes can take too long for promotions
Advice: Take more active role in advancements
Pros: Great benefits and good opportunity for overseas work

Cons: there are not really any downsides to working for this amazing company
Advice: None
Pros: great company, very accomadating, really positive work environment

Cons: Nothing bad to say about working for shell
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a great company to work for, career advancement is great

Cons: Very beneficial to have a mentor, coach or sponsor.
Advice: None
Pros: Safety first. Strives to be top quartile, industry production leader.

Cons: Hard for experienced hire to progress through career path.
Advice: None
Pros: Professional atmosphere. Flexible work schedule. Good benefits

Cons: Not much career opportunities after internship is completed
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience, working close to management and to several business areas

Cons: Some of the locations and how the regular customers feel they should come in front of people who have been waiting in line.
Advice: Be equal to all customers
Pros: Great facility.  Love the quick pace and how there was never a moment to be non productive.  The customers are the best reason.

Cons: No cons to share at this time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company to work with, excellent development opportunities and career growth

Cons: Cannot Telecommunite or work from home.
Advice: Every administrative task can be accomplished technically from home...
Pros: Team Player Opportunities
Advancement Opportunities
Recognition
Great Dalary

Cons: checking behind people after they dirty up store.
Advice: customer service is number 1.
Pros: best company on the food industry.

Cons: not much vacation days, very strict on time
Advice: none
Pros: -good 401k, hourly, pay, bonus, 
-great place to work for
-great managers!

Cons: Individual Platform culture was a bit toxic
Advice: Clean house with toxic employees
Pros: Great pay, schedule and benefits

Cons: unsafe act, maintaining consistency, partners uncertainty,
Advice: History-making! Well done and Congrats to Shell
Pros: Safety ,healthy, environment ,security,global companies

Cons: Too much moving around
Risk averse
Many layers
Advice: None
Pros: Dedicated to performance
Opportunity to switch roles every couple years

Cons: Company struggles with doing things the Shell way vs. the most affordable approach.
Advice: 
Pros: Great benefits, great people,

Cons: Have to deal with many unpleasant customers on a daily basis.
Advice: None
Pros: Great way to learn valuable customer service skills.

Cons: Trying to complete tasks while being the only person on the shift. Stocking the cooler was the worst.
Advice: Could have shifts overlap by 1/2 hour to complete tasks. Then you wouldn't be interrupted accomplish your end work.
Pros: It was a study job. Got to know customers on a first name basis.

Cons: none. The company was perfect. It supports employees.
Advice: none
Pros: was good. Everyone should apply. Very hard to get in.

Cons: Distribution technology needs to be upgraded
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: Excellent Benefits
Excellent Pay
Great company to work for

Cons: Pay too high makes it difficult to find work outside of Shell
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible start time
Remote working capabilities

Cons: inside works area..so had to use bicycle to go to office area
Advice: None
Pros: Good Experience over there at Shell

Cons: Too many changes, constant down sizing
Advice: Stop moving job overseas
Pros: Good work life balance, great pay, benefits

Cons: When the price of oil drops, you job is gone.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with excellent benefits.

Cons: Unstable economy means unstable employment
Advice: Be honest about what's happening
Pros: Salary and benefits are good

Cons: -> cumbersome management, as expected at a global company...
Advice: None
Pros: -> diverse work
-> great environment

Cons: Decision is a little bit slow..
Advice: N.A
Pros: Good benefits
Friendly working environment
Work life balance

Cons: Office politics, slow career progression
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse culture, great exposure to Shell companies world-wide, high emphasis on safety.

Cons: minimum wage, no future, no benefits, no bonus, experience doesn't matter
Advice: None
Pros: they give flexible schedule for students

Cons: Slow decision making process
Job reduction program in progress
Advice: None
Pros: Very good salary & benefits
Global footprint
Diverse workforce

Cons: Management
Low pay
Horrible customers
Amount of work compared to pay
No way to climb ranks
Advice: Increase Pay
Pros: Very Flexible
Great coworkers
Flexible
Early Close
Good atmosphere

Cons: I really have nothing bad to say about them
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible and understanding of employee needs

Cons: Work life balance can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Strong company with good leadershiop

Cons: 1. Management cannot find how to motivate the employees
2. No work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: 1. New technology
2. Job security

Cons: Work life balance can be hard with after hours calls
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced work day, learn a lot quickly

Cons: Lots of time off and work two weeks a month
Advice: None
Pros: Shift work was seven days on and seven days off

Cons: Many roles have been affected by low oil prices
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities in the various departments

Cons: Very tedious work, had to get my own way around
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere enjoyed working there

Cons: Crazy hours, USW, if your not hispanic get ready to work harder
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, you work for "Shell", bonus, benefits

Cons: Office was nice but cubicles are not great.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Pay for contractors and decent hours.

Cons: big-company work environment; work-life balance wasn't great
Advice: None
Pros: great pay; easy role; get to travel with compensation

Cons: bureaucracy. slow desision making process
Advice: None
Pros: shell open university - internal personal development platform
structured organisation
policy and compliance focused

Cons: I have no cons, great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Fun, Work Life Balance, Bonuses, Flex Fridays

Cons: Big in offshoring and re-organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company to work for. Great benefits, flexible work environment.

Cons: The owner was rude and self-interest
Advice: Fire the owner
Pros: Loved the  local customers, and my manager was great!

Cons: Overlook quality people at times.
Advice: Be open to change.
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: nightshift, slow, boring, same routine, count change
Advice: None
Pros: Easy, meet customers, easy to learn, not hard

Cons: Narcissistic, arrogant, and marginally profitable.
Advice: Be humble and listen.
Pros: Large, established company with numerous global assests.

Cons: tend to cut back and lay off often
Advice: keep growing
Pros: great team, communication was smooth

Cons: Private owned, owner didn't care about his employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great manager, laid back, wonderful customers, flexible

Cons: pay they do not staff correctly
Advice: hire more people
Pros: Not a terrible job friendly customers

Cons: Currently a tough time in the industry
Advice: None
Pros: Take care of their people, work life balance

Cons: Management slow to react and constantly changing priorities
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and work life balance

Cons: Quick to lay off in low oil price environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits, flexible schedule.

Cons: Not easy to get a job opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Great work ethics and positive work enviroment

Cons: You have to clean, the often yucky, restrooms.
Advice: None
Pros: Great staff and benefits Fairly flexible hours.

Cons: I don't think there are any downsides.
Advice: None
Pros: good people. good techniques to learn.

Cons: Affected by low oil price
A lot of layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment
Good compensation
Good opportunity for growth

Cons: Can't think of any con
Advice: N/A
Pros: International exposure and the friendly environment

Cons: Is pretty boring standing around waiting for customers all day
Advice: None
Pros: It is a very easy job

Cons: To little connection to staff.
Advice: Watch management closely.
Pros: Flexible working hours and schedules

Cons: hard to navigate in terms of career development
Advice: None
Pros: very smart people to work with

Cons: more projects for young interns to lead are needed
Advice: None
Pros: Great leaning environment and culture

Cons: Too big of a company, lot of redundancy
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are really great here

Cons: Working day is sometimes long
Advice: None
Pros: Ever changing environment, tremendous opportunity for growth

Cons: questionable drivers on leadership decision
Advice: listen to technical staff
Pros: Compensation, technical staff, intellectual freedom

Cons: Tough market right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, competitive pay, great company and good people.

Cons: The drive away from home was too long.
Advice: None
Pros: It was a pleasurable experience.

Cons: Older employees stuck in their ways
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits including 401k and Retirement plan.

Cons: Expericence was average, speed of learning is slow
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, benefits and flexible timings

Cons: Low oil price environment has everyone pushed home
Advice: None
Pros: Good big multi national company

Cons: I did not find any
Advice: None
Pros: Good atmosphere to grow in career

Cons: No vacation no insurance
Advice: Be better involved
Pros: Nights are very simple. Same routine

Cons: company lay-offs, nothing else great place
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse workplace, great career advancement

Cons: This is a very big company
Advice: None
Pros: Good company and good pay

Cons: Management is oblivious to what is actually happening
Advice: None
Pros: Nice perks and people are helpful

Cons: Big organization, politics, biased to certain conntry
Advice: None
Pros: -Pension system
-good work life balance

Cons: There are too many processes and hurdles.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are really great.

Cons: No Cons, I enjoy my role!
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for!

Cons: Slow to make project related decisions
Advice: None
Pros: Great compensation and benefits for employees

Cons: Do not sponsor international students
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly people, exciting tasks, flexible schedule

Cons: complex organization affecting communication and efficiency
Advice: None
Pros: flexible working hours, competitive pay

Cons: Too much bureaucracy in the day to day
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: You will work with unmotivated employees.
Advice: Collaborate
Pros: Flexible employer with great benefits.

Cons: lack of inclusiveness and knowledge sharing
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance and benefits

Cons: fluctuating gas prices make it difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Did everything promised in the interview

Cons: Some employees are not so nice
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good learning opportunity

Cons: none to report at this time
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits and pay scale.

Cons: Stressful working environment and demanding work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and compensation package

Cons: Busy, taugh, not easy, cold
Advice: None
Pros: Experience, hard working, job, too hard

Cons: Too much work being off shored.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, flexible working schedule.

Cons: Some roles are very demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a safety focused organisation.

Cons: There is not much overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Easy working environment/ great pay

Cons: long internal process and short training
Advice: None
Pros: good HR policy and benefit

Cons: Late hours....some issues with co workers
Advice: None
Pros: working with the public...the pay

Cons: It has a slow growth
Advice: None
Pros: It is a good company, good salary

Cons: very, very, very, very boring
Advice: None
Pros: Discount on grocery items in the store.

Cons: Bureaucracy, levels of management, many silos
Advice: None
Pros: Training, expat opportunities, quality staff

Cons: boring, got old, not a career
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, easy, enjoyable, happy, life

Cons: None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly People Good environment improvement

Cons: people are losing jobs here
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: Very rules driven culture limits options.
Advice: None
Pros: Large company with good prospects.

Cons: Worker hours low pay no breaks
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly customers great staff great environment

Cons: they don't know how to treat their employers
Advice: get so manners
Pros: they are know pros to this company

Cons: Lots of rotation in Stock
Advice: None
Pros: Very laid back and fun

Cons: no 401k contribution the first year
Advice: None
Pros: no management oversight; left alone

Cons: Assistant manager was not nice
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working with the employees and loved the customers

Cons: The management was the worst I have ever worked for.
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits were really good.

Cons: horrible supervision, super rude, not worth it
Advice: none
Pros: the experience is a good thing

Cons: Very low pay for so much responsibility 
And time u practically live there and no pay raise
Advice: None
Pros: Good co workers and customers
