Cons: Reorganizations, open resourcing and footprinting activities may seem a bit too frequent.

Due to the management structure and corporate culture, one may at times feel that too much emphasis is placed on bending over backwards to perform inconsequential tasks and to drop much more meaningful tasks in order to do so.  Typically this will be a simple mandate from above which leads to each subordinate level of management scrambling simply in order to please their superiors.

There is also a tendency within Shell for various types of meetings to be presented as optional but for which management will deem "strongly suggested."  Management seems mold words to their agendas as these strongly suggested meetings are optional on paper but in attitude are quite mandatory.  Mandatory meetings are not a problem but honesty and decency demands that you call them such.
Advice: Disclaimer:  My opinion may not necessarily reflect upon managers pertinent to my current role.  As of today I've worked at Shell for 13 1/2 years.

Most Shell managers are quite well placed in their roles.  I am satisfied and happy at Shell.  That being said, the culture set from the top down needs to be adjusted to be a bit more open and less secretive.  Senior management means well but execution can often be lacking.
Pros: Shell has a wonderful and extensive set of benefits.  Additionally, Shell pays out good and fair salaries as well as incentivized performance bonuses and service recognition awards.

Finally, Shell places a respectable focus on career development and employee well being.

Cons: Organization is generally slow in terms of making decisions and very process heavy in just about everything. Sometimes simple projects approvals / decisions are difficult to obtain.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has a global presence so there are opportunities to work in other parts of the world, if that is appealing to you. 

The company is healthy despite the struggles of the oil and gas industry globally. 

The company has a healthy culture in terms of general respect for employees (disrespectful interaction and abusive interactions are generally frowned upon), family and work/life balance is important, increased cultural diversity seems to be a focus.  

General safety in all respects is VERY important.  The company spends a significant amount of time and money preaching safety in everything that is done. While this is no new or surprising for a terminal, off-shore, work operation in the field, the same laser focus takes place in the office buildings with all employees- accountants, finance, secretaries, etc.  For instance, if one is walking down a set of stairs, you are required to hold the handrail. If you don’t and someone sees you, then the may say (politely), “Please use the hand rail”). The idea is to keep people safe at all costs and creat a culture throughput the organization where safety is more important than profits and “efficiency”.

Cons: Safety framework that is applicable to factory plants or drilling platforms should not apply to other parts of the organization.

Innovation and people trying to innovate suffer painfully. 

Seniority is more often the most heavily weighing factor for performance and promotions.

Strong resistance to changes even good changes are proposed.
Advice: There are many intelligent and resourceful people ranking below middle management. Allow them to come forth and propose new ideas for innovation and improvements.

Give these people the opportunity to contribute and transform operations, methods and systems for the better, faster and more efficient. 

Recognize and reward innovators and people who are doing the extra mile for the company. There is a lot of frustration to people who see their contributions not receive the proper credit.  

Organization for technical and research positions is "shallow" with no clear career path.
Pros: Large, multi-discipline organization with a wide spectrum of R/D and engineering activities. Shell takes good care of its people. 

Great culture for safety and clean operations. Great social and environmental responsibility.

Some people are quit bright.

Cons: Due to downsizing, the work environment was highly stressful, with leaders unsure of what to say to staff.  And thus, work life balance was poor amidst departmental uncertainty. Additionally, although Shell has made great strides in promoting workplace diversity, there are still sexist leanings amongst the senior leadership levels. Lesser qualified male leaders are often promoted over more qualified female candidates.
Advice: HR needs to do a better job with bias training in its leadership courses, and leaders should take refresher training before starting every new leadership role, especially since the leadership training has been upgraded. Also the bias training is treated as an afterthought or a "tick the box" exercise at best. Perhaps the bias training simply needs an overhaul, because hiring managers are still picking people just like them instead of truly qualified candidates. Additionally, managers should more fully support females getting mentors and coaches. (They do in theory, but not in deed.)
Pros: Outstanding pay and excellent benefits, professional work environment

Cons: No leadership. No truth. No accountability for lousy supervision that don't know what they r doing. Shell talks a good talk but doesn't walk the walk. Absolutely no leadership at site.  No direction no accountability and lousy do nothing management.  Seriously. There is no training for supervisions and they have no clue how to supervise. saw some of the most childish behavior out of employees but management just gave them a pass.  site has NO LEADERSHIP. It's whatever the staff want to do.  Gotten worse over past few years. Great pay and benefits but what good does that do when u r in a monkey house.
Advice: GET OFF YOUR DUFFS AND GET SOME TRAINING. and stop blaming employees for your shortcomings
Pros: Pay and benefits. I can't think of anything else cmon. That's all I can see positive. Done down down done

Cons: If you're not an engineer you'll be overlooked. Performance reviews are extremely biased towards those that are in the right role at the right time. I saved the site over $3,000,000 last year and that wasn't enough for anything more than an average performance review. Had I been and engineer, I would probably have been promoted and given a huge bonus. GE invented the performance review process Shell uses and recently GE gave up on it because it doesn't work. What does that say? It's not a bad place to work, you just have to want to play the corporate game.
Advice: Consider valuing all roles, particularly scientists as much as you value engineers.
Pros: If you're an engineer, you can be CEO one day. Flexible work for some roles. Salary is very good. Benefits are adequate. Multiple locations throughout the globe.

Cons: Extreme glass ceiling syndrome, no way will you become the next big wig unless you are Dutch gentlemen.

Oil industry is hit particularly hard over the last few years, and it shows. Most coworkers work in constant fear of losing their jobs.
Advice: When you genuinely care about your employees, it goes a long way.
Pros: Great benefits including bonus, stock purchase, employee clubs and network groups... with top of the totem pole feels.

This company really cares about SAFETY as well as its employees. Employees are rather well taken care of and consist of a diverse group as its operations are all over the world.

Cons: As with any oil and gas company, when the price of oil dips, employees are at risk of layoffs (especially those supporting projects) and Shell is no exception.  Sometimes there can be a lack of clarity around roles and responsibiltiies depending on which team you're on.  Also, there are layers of management you have to go through to get decisions made, but I think Shell is trying to reduce this complexity and get more adept at making more fit for purpose and risk-based decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: This is a great company to work for - training, development and challenging assignments are provided just as long as your performance keeps up.  Most of all my line managers have been excellent - personable and very competent.  Even with the unfortunate layoffs that are occurring right now due ot the low oil prices, I feel that Shell has treated employees with respect and have tried to be as transparent as possible.

Cons: Senior Leaders look mainly for young people, once you get to 40, consider looking for another opportunity because the will not longer pay attention to you and may get rid of you very fast, even if you are a good performer....you make too much $$. 

It is a cut throat environment...but you can make good money, if that is what you care.  

They reorganize every 2 years and post your job under you....(no worries) they will pay you to stay quiet.  Integrity is not their Forte. 

They don't really value diversity...they may talk about a lot but...just be careful.
Advice: 
Pros: Salaries and Benefits above market
A lot of resources, in general, nice people.

Cons: As others consistently note, there is a considerable amount of bureaucracy, with multiple reviews and processes required for every project.  This is no different than other major companies.  One unique thing within Shell is the increased importance of cultivating one's professional network within the company for continued success.  It was confided to me that management, when determining ranking and performance ratings, takes into account if others in the organization know of you, and what their opinions are.

As a warning to earlier career professionals, re. Shell and most other majors, be aware that once one reaches age 50 one becomes increasingly vulnerable to industry downturns, particularly if one is at a higher salary grade on a technical ladder through either promotion or transfer back to technical from a management position.  One should not assume one will be able to remain employed past 55.  Also, strive to never make an enemy in management, as I have repeatedly observed they will always seek revenge during the next layoff.
Advice: Rationalize the business and stabilize staffing as soon as possible.  Maintain technical competence at all management levels.  Assign younger technical staff to field locations in lieu of layoffs during downturns, as done by Oxy.
Pros: I was a late career experienced hire who worked for several years in a technical service group.  When oil prices crashed, budgets, projects and technical services were cut, and lots of senior people were let go because there was no longer any work to do.  From my perspective, severance timing and procedures were very generous and humane.  I was lucky in that being near the end of my career the loss of my position was not as disastrous as it was to the younger staff affected.

For earlier career professionals, company training courses and access to experts and mentors is top notch.  Short term training assignments at other offices are also sometimes available.  Prior to the price decline, there were numerous opportunities to apply for expatriate positions around the globe.  Once prices stabilize, and the company completes its divestments, restructuring and absorption of BG, I suspect foreign opportunities will again be available.

The new Houston offices are very nice, although adoption of an open plan is annoying and distracting.  Flexible work hours and a 9/80 schedule were appreciated.  However, when necessary, long hours can be required, but may be compensated later.  My colleagues were generally nice, helpful, and very intelligent.  I never had a problem with any member of management to whom I was exposed.  They were all kind, fair and technically competent.

Cons: - Significant bureaucracy (probably comparable to a government job)
- Benefits are not as good as comparable companies; need to work for decades with Shell before the benefits get good (at which point you will probably be forcibly-retired)
Advice: Standardization can bring cost savings in certain scenarios, but it can also cause the company to overpay and become more rigid (e.g., in the unconvetionals sector). Learn from independent operators and loosen some of the bureaucracy in favor of adaptability and agility.
Pros: - International locations (although with current O&G prices, there is little chance to get them)
- Work-life balance
- Vast majority of employees are intelligent, good at their jobs, and a pleasure to work with

Cons: The oil crisis has made an impact on the company. Multiple lay-offs which has caused uncertainty about job security among employees. Job opportunities are scarce at the moment. Pressure to deliver more work with less people and less money has created a lot of stress.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, many opportunities for growth and show your potential. Challenging and rewarding work. For the most part, management actually care about employees having a good work-life balance, but that depends on the specific area/group/manager.
Diversity focused company - they make sure everybody's concerns are heard, which may lead to delays in making decisions.

Cons: Shell is currently outsourcing IT jobs and a lot of project work  to a new IT hub built in India per the latest  company  strategy to cut costs.
Advice: 1. eliminate bureaucracy and time consuming decision making. 2. bring back to US   key IT  jobs after evaluating the results of outsourcing.
Pros: Shell provides good salary and benefit package including employee  discount stock purchase plan. They have  a friendly international environment . I was  impressed by  internal mobility allowing to move around and get experience in different roles across enterprise.

Cons: It is not what you know, but who you know. Double standards for those who are protected by friends or family members. If you on the outside, then tread lightly for you could be looking for a new job.
Advice: Look deep into your ranks and try to find the gaps. Your staff at the field level or right above need more in depth oversight. More and more staff are running rouge using their position to influence favors in their benefit.
Pros: Competitive benefits, pension for those who started before 2015. Room to advance, if do not mind moving. If you are looking for a long term position this would be a good company.

Cons: As of today, I do not feel there are any downsides. I pride myself on honesty and would be scathing if there was anything to write home about. The fact of the matter is that, yes we had problems previously within our early years, ranging from the office space to systems not performing as they should however the more we grow as a business, the more we look to progress as an employer and have ironed out a number of creases we previously had (so to speak). I have experienced three office moves, and all for the benefit and growth. Opening up jobs withing Leamington, Warwick and now Coventry along with expanding across Europe.
Advice: To continue to put faith in our internal employees and help them further to reach their goals and personal development aims. Ultimately to remain loyal to our customers as without these, we would not have employment.
Pros: Having been with First Utility for 5 years, I have seen both ends of the spectrum. Having teething problems with the ever expanding customer base, given the more than competitive pricing to show customers there is a better way, than just the usual "Big 6". To then come out the other side with over one million accounts and growing our customer base further was a surreal feeling. To be part of the continued success is a great but also shows we cannot be content with where we had got to and rest on our laurels, but to continue to expand and make the difference in the energy market and for all the right reasons. The pros for me are as follows: Our customers (This is the reason we currently have a job so my biggest thanks to our customers), The People, The Environment, Reward and Recognition, Learning and Development, Location, First for Technology. These are to name a few and I really could continue forever and a day. You can never learn too much in this sector of work, as energy is ever changing and something I would love to continue to be a part of. I have personally been given the opportunity to progress within the business which I am forever grateful for given that no other company has put their faith in me as much as First Utility.

Cons: Not a place for short term (less than 20 year) employment.  Teams are not communicative with other stake holding teams, groups within an umbrella of operations (i.e.: accounting, HR) do not know one another or what functions are held by individuals, so getting work flows moving is difficult.  Getting decisions made is a heroic effort and takes a year of meetings to get all stake holders on board. Long term employees see this as "getting buy-in" meanwhile the plan being decided  on is now out of date and new factors are brought in, all with no action happening.  I know a co-worker in a different area that sat on 5 months of calls, only to have the final call to discuss who they would hand off the project to since no one could make a decision.
If you can deal with these kinds of issues, the pay is steady and job movement is encouraged every 4 years so you won't get stale in a role.
Advice: Encourage team building within the organizations, when people know faces and roles it is easier to be feel a part of the bigger team.  Empower teams to make decisions and take action, rather than trying to get by in from every possible stakeholder, this will allow Shell to be nimble and quick moving.  And when there are hiring freezes, but 3 people leave a department, consider the stress left behind.  Allow hiring on an emergency basis, when your teams are stressed and there is no hiring, it feels like no one cares and everyone starts looking for work elsewhere.  Consider changes to the wealth plans (short term incentives) that might entice the Millennial generation who we hope to be the future of the organization
Pros: The long term 20 year outlook is great.  The Wealth program is there to provide a really fantastic retirement for employees.  Depending on the team you are on the group can be motivational and team centric.

Cons: I have no qualms with working for this company except leaving due to moving back to my home state 😑
Advice: None
Pros: We were all like a family helped each other out when needed. Someone was always a phone call away when we needed each other. Was fair in the scheduling everyone got the average of the same hours. Pay was pretty equal based on dependancy of your job title, shift you worked, & dependability. No one person's pay out topped everyone else's we were all treated for the most part EQUAL...We had a diverse ethnic family working together white, Hispanic,owners were from India & we all got along beautifully.

Cons: Bureaucratic. The US projects are increasingly being led by non-us managers. Most of the top US senior leaders have been pushed out. Still believe that they know the best way versus learning from outside.
Advice: Shell may be overcompensating to the current economic climate and will be poorly positioned to respond to the next move in the cycle. Peers are poised to capitalize on the next increase in price. Find a way to support and grow US leaders to take the top roles in the US. Too many are filled by expat and LNNs, or staff that converted to local.
Pros: Diversity, International, Intellect,Global, well compensated

Cons: Stay in the senior leadership graces or you will not advance. Re-org takes place every 4 or 5 years. Good people let go esp when they fall out of grace.
Advice: Don't just promote favorites - or D&I candidates based on physical traits. D&I is much deeper than surface level.
Pros: Responsibility at all levels. Learning and development pushed. Good work like balance. Fair compensation. Collaboration is expected - however, some directive is required.

Cons: The legal management team is under-skilled and is primarily interested preventing discovery of that fact so that they can preserving their own great salaries and benefits.
Advice: Give up your seats to people who know the business.  It takes more than flag-waving to get value out of the team.
Pros: The company pays well and has great benefits for employees.  Also it is fundamentally a strong company.   It has a decent reputation and I believe that corporate leadership tries to care about the planet more than other companies.

Cons: Bureaucracy from hell. You will never ever get anything done.
Soul sucking as you realize you're just a cog in a machine you don't understand
Advice: Greatly reduce complexities and focus on the bottom line. The organization could exist with half as many people and would run far better. Too many cooks in the kitchen justifying their own existence.
Pros: Great benefits
Tons of mobility (if you live in Hague, Houston, or Bangalore)
Great stock discounts

Cons: Good ol' boy culture is still heavily ingrained - Fox news is played openly in a lot of offices, politics/networking is heavily emphasized, word spreads fast in a large company, management can sometimes be disconnected, lots of change and not all of it is good
Advice: Communication and employee work/life balance are always the 2 lowest rated in the Shell People Survey... think over it rather than starting yet another initiative. Transparency is key, especially in times like this.
Pros: Great pay and benefits, large company means lots of opportunities globally, emphasis on training and developing the individual, caring culture

Cons: Lots of unproductive compliance and occasionally overzealous Health & Safety - well-intentioned but sometimes extreme. Need approvals for everything - very slow. HR actively prevents the best people from doing the right jobs for them.
Advice: Unleash the potential of your people, allow the best people to work in jobs that suit them. Always aim to improve work efficiency, not increase compliance.
Pros: People are mostly intelligent, friendly and capable. Plenty of interesting and challenging work to do, while maintaining good work/life balance.

Cons: Middle management is not decisive and does not take an active interest in developing people. Appears to bungle the strategic vision of Senior Management.
Advice: Make more of an effort to be proactive in managing careers. Even highly rated employees end up being ignored at times since everyone is "too busy" focusing on the day-to-day. Ends up hurting long term performance of the company.
Pros: People are generally good to work with at your level. Senior Management has a clear goal and is very proactive strategically.

Cons: The worst part about working for any oil and gas business is the impact of layoffs when oil prices drop for an extended amount of time.
Advice: I have had the chance to work across so many of these businesses and thank Shell for every bit of experience.
Pros: There are many opportunities available in the business from Refining to Deepwater and now to Energy.  Global business in many locations around the world with our headquarters in Netherlands.

Cons: In a battle for cost reductions, no job is secure. Employee loyalty is expected but not reciprocated. Much discussion about cost reduction instead of revenue generation. Both are important.
Advice: Identify the traits you so desperately seek in employees, I.e., loyalty, honesty, commercial mindset, and assure the company practices them first. This will encourage tenure of younger workers where turnover rate is high.
Pros: Opportunity to work globally, impact lives through support of energy industry, complete projects that are massive in scale, manage large teams and budgets, see the world.

Cons: Internal moves decided by "caste system" that includes a set of  high potential employees who have their own rules and are usually European
Very little connection between work tasks and actual results due to long delays and complex web of decision making processes
Advice: Give more opportunities to non European , non white employees to take a shot at upper management
Pros: Competitive salary and benefits especially for the southern US 
Excellent work life balance- managers very respectful of workers evenings and weekdns

Cons: Normal stuff for a large corporation, HR and IT are usually where there is friction, and their processes are burdensome and old fashioned.
Advice: Never lose your focus on safety and environmental matters. Be free to explore new and contemporary management tools and methods, but remain authentic to your personal values.
Pros: Expertise is abundant and willing to help, benefits are superb, international opportunities are available, and colleagues are good friends. Willingness and leadership to adapt in current energy scenario.

Cons: Shell promotes a very competitive work environment.  Political acumen is certainly required if an employee expects to be successful in their climb to the top of the organization.  The ability to influence decisions and compete with team members is highly valued at Shell.  Work life balance gets lip service at best.  High performers work night and day.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell provides a technically challenging work environment.  There are many opportunities to learn about and implement highly interesting technical completions solutions.

Cons: - Highly bureaucratic culture
- everyone has their hand in the pot so the decision-making process is somewhat slow
- not much opportunity for international assignments at this time
Advice: Management talks about changing the way we work for speed and simplicity yet they continue to promote non-value added work sometimes. Management needs to be better at living the words they speak.
Pros: - Great benefits package with a 9/80 schedule
- Ability to grow within your role
- Thrown to the wolves and forced to learn quickly

Cons: Largely limited to New Orleans or Houston locations, huge company that is slow to make decisions and change, management doesn't communicate very well, performance rankings are more political and popularity contest oriented rather than business impact oriented, ups and downs of oil industry leads to numerous layoffs, IT infrastructure lags basic standards, data management/control is essentially non-existent.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay, benefits, 9/80 schedule, highly competent coworkers, work life balance, and fascinating technology to work with offshore.

Cons: Very competitive for upward movement limiting opportunities.  Difficult to establish long term relationships with constant movement of roles.  Slow to make decisions due to complex internal processes.
Advice: Take time to get know your people personally rather than only focusing on results.
Pros: Variety of roles to choose from with opportunities for frequent movement within the company.  Excellent brand and marketing.  High energy and fast paced environment.

Cons: No breaks, as with any customer service job there is a lot of bad apples in terms of customers, busy days are much busier than you'd imagine
Advice: Start telling new recruits yo take their time, it was the best piece of advice I got
Pros: Working here helps with getting experience super easily, they hire a lot because they're short staffed, and it's a fantastic entry level job for anyone looking to get into customer service

Cons: - upper management disconnected from technical teams (and their needs)
- large size can be an issue (communication across organization, slow to change)
- tend to lose experienced staff during cutbacks
Advice: Make sure you understand what the people on the ground do to provide value. Retain more experienced people during cutbacks, or capability will suffer.
Pros: - very competitive pay and benefits
- flexible schedules (9/80)
- interesting technical work
- team oriented

Cons: Big company slow to make decisions.  HR and hiring managers look for potential instead of results and experience.  HR and hiring not aligned at times
Advice: Manage middle managers better. They are worried about next job instead of doing current job good.     People should be in jobs longer.
Pros: Good network of people. Senior management good.  Good benefits and growth with the right manager.  Learn different organizational skills to help you

Cons: Never ordered the correct kitchen utensils, kitchen was filthy full of grease along the edges of the wall where fryer and grill were located. Top of grill had like layers of burnt food on it, they had a grill scrapper but blade was broken, manager never replaced blade. Manager would be only in office just watching videos on his phone. You couldn't bother the manager for anything important because he would always catch an attitude with employees. Always ran out of sanitary and hygenic products like; toilet paper, paper towels, dish soap, and gloves.
Advice: Replace the manager
Pros: former co-workers was about the only great experience there.

Cons: It's great work but not a living wage, basically a super starting job but not a career. Not a lot of advancement opportunities.
Advice: Not much I can say here. Very well-run business that treats their employees well and fairly. No advice here.
Pros: Positive relationship with management, coworkers, and customers. Good communication with bosses. Very reliable, steady work. Flexible hours. Good honest work for good honest pay.

Cons: In the current environment the opportunities for advancement are limited.  There is a great deal of pressure to move every few years,  with few roles to move into.  The development opportunities are also limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Compensation.  The company truly looks out for you well being and is big on work life balance.  It also has a great international presence, which allows you to travel the world.

Cons: Frequent movements mean there are very few experts. Strategies  are often formed from superficial perspectives and low appreciation for the value of technology.
Advice: Delegate more, trust your people, and ensure people have the right competencies for their roles.
Pros: Leaders have great vision and can communicate vision to organization. It is clear that management cares for your development and dedicates time to ensure employees are happy.

Cons: Worked at a JV site - management there was not great. At my site the culture wasn't great, and it was not enjoyable to work there. Anytime I worked with employees or teams from outside that site, it was great.
Advice: Pay attention to all your sites. Team culture is important to employees.
Pros: Great company, great training program. They are invested in your development and have good benefits.

Cons: i am aware for northern accent. i cannot speak so fast. i have so many questions. i don't like liers, and don't like people stabbing my back.
Advice: I am 100% confident to give you a high quality of my work.
Pros: i love stocking items.i love to learn new things.i love being honest. i love working with group or alone. i will get the job done.

Cons: In a move to recover capex, recent cost cutting measures are somewhat overboard - or maybe this only impacts some functions.
Advice: None
Pros: Company gives high regard for employees safety at all times. Employee value proposition is one of the best in the market. Just ensure you make yourself always marketable even inside the company. Bonuses are still given even during oil market is down.

Cons: Work-life balance is unheard of if you are in operations. Plan on working while sick and on vacations.  Some of the folks that have worked there for their entire careers can seem a bit too engrained into the company culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good development. Great pay.  Good community of employees. Upward mobility is possible every 3-4 years if you desire to move up.

Cons: Represented Workforce negotiations can create hostile work environment every time contracts are negotiated between company and USW .  Absentee tracking program can create strained company USW relationships.
Advice: Treat every worker with respect; listen to / considervworkers suggestions
Pros: Fair, equitable, Diversity and Inclusiveness, Comparative Salary Administration, Challenging, Represented Workers treated fairly. Paid leave and bereavement benefits; major medical/denta/eye/LTHC programs

Cons: Tries to be too cookie cutter with training
Stressful work environment/Lacking team feel 
Work life balance
Management doesn't value new hires/is very hard to communicate with
Advice: Pay more attention to the team. Try and listen more than talk. Keep up work on D&I
Pros: Pay is good
People are generally very nice and willing to help you learn 
Lots of opportunity

Cons: Very political, Older personnel not valued for knowledge. Would rather have younger, cheaper, followers. Lack leadership.
Advice: Looking ahead five years, you will find your error of not keeping your more loyal and knowledgeable employees and hopefully realize they are your biggest asset.
Pros: Good work/life balance. Good compensation & benefits

Cons: The main challenge is that with a big company comes bureaucracy and politics. You. An feel like a very small cog in the machine.
Advice: None
Pros: The best reason to work for Shell is the wide array of businesses that Shell is involved in which makes for an expanse of different career paths and experiences within one company.

Cons: Owner  was up and down with her  emotions and giving all the emploees a hard time. Intimidating us in a way. Only gave me two days of training.
Advice: Be more sensitive to new non experience employees's and give them two weeks of training to get a hold of the store's tasks and duties.
Pros: Meeting new people, Learning new things.

Cons: It is easy to overwork yourself, because we have endless problems to solve.
Advice: Continue to take calculated risks and hold your employees accountable for the organization and execution of creative ideas.
Pros: Shell supports my growth and development. My managers have all encouraged us to innovate. We adapt to a changing energy landscape and drive creativity within our organization.

Cons: Work life balance needs improvement. It can be difficult to find genuine time away from work. Oil prices changing can effect your job currently.
Advice: Team build
Pros: Wonderful work environment and great people to work with. You will make life long networking connections. This company genuinely cares for its people. They really walk the walk. Not just talk the talk.

Cons: You really need to know someone to have future opportunities.  Those that choose to be in the bosses inbox everyday seem to succeed better than those that stay quiet and do their job.
Advice: Make sure that you know the whole story and that you know about each of your long term employees
Pros: Good Pay and Good Benefits

Cons: Low-price environment caused excessive organizational change, lay-offs, and international assignments more difficult to attain. Complex organization and a lot of processes
Advice: Allow more time between organizational changes
Pros: Very ambitious and bright people to work with. A lot of exciting work and projects in places all over the world. Great pay and benefits.

Cons: The company is euro-centric and has a European culture, which is fine, but can have strange quirks at times. 
The industry is in a tough place right now and some job uncertainty exists.
Advice: None
Pros: She’ll hired the Smartest people.
We engage in Challenging projects that provide energy to the world
Forward thinking company
Strong individual development opportunities

Cons: the location is in a dangerous area and far from the city
manages are not leaders, the do not like people who disagree 
rigid culture, like in a fabric
Advice: should not have double standards
Pros: there is a good worklife balance for this position. 
the colleagues are normally supportive
there are a lot of learning opportunities and career development

Cons: Too much instability in energy jobs right now. Shell has outsourced finance, IT, customer service, etc. Lots of jobs sent overseas.
Advice: Not always honest to employees. Employees distrust management.
Pros: Good benefits, Allow you to change jobs every 4 years so not stuck in a rut.

Cons: I feel that it is my own institution because of the freedom I have with due respect I this company really
Advice: Management is great
Pros: I enjoy working in she'll because it is a joy to serve the public with pleasure all the time rather the hanging out without any job

Cons: is bad when your bos dont help and dosent splaing to you how the maching work sou it really sucks
Advice: be prepare and have fresh basic maths at all time
Pros: is really easy to work at a shell gas station as a student it help paying schoold

Cons: Be careful to not be missed by the "in" crowd.  Professional advancement can be driven by "clique" mentality.
Advice: Be clear how you are managing the development and retention of talented contributors to the business.
Pros: Excellent pay, outstanding benefits, marketing changing projects.  Generally, very nice people to work with.

Cons: Managers abuses schedules , favouritism, unmaintained equipments, place looks like it is falling apart, high turn over
Advice: Managers need to go on courses on how to properly manage their environment and pay heed to staff when suggestions are given to improve work place. Also not to make it so obvious they are giving themselves shifts they want and that they should know who to call in to cover a shift.
Pros: Not really any pros as the place does not strive to keep their workers.

Cons: Decision to off-shore many finance jobs. Losing much of the experienced talent pipeline, replacing with off-shore service centers and recent MBA graduates to reduce costs. This has been the situation long before the recent issues due to oil price drops.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay / benefits. Focus on safety.

Cons: Pay doesn't  compare to smaller operators like BHP or Hess, and too many people trying to be chiefs and not enough Indians
Advice: Look at minoritiy males to be put in upper management positions not just females
Pros: They have a pension plan, pay is decent

Cons: Senior management very much focused on themselves versus the business performance. Politics matter increasingly at higher levels vs capabilities and results.
Advice: Current direction seems good. stay the course, clean out the dead wood. Reduce expats.
Pros: Smart Colleagues and good ethical standards of doing business with the outside world

Cons: indecisive management; poor career development planning
Advice: think about the business not about the politics. Do what is right for the customer, not what is right for your careers. in the end, they should be the same
Pros: Benefits, global opportunities, international connections

Cons: Incompetent HR
Extreme bureaucracy
Very inward focus
Talked incessantly about diversity. But look at the people in the board.  Just one kind. 
lack commercial mindset and culture
Talk work life balance incessantly but still conference call nearly nightly
A very cold place to work. Politics ranks supreme
Advice: Really concentrate on increasing shareholders value.  
Reward commercial mindset. Do it. Stop talking about it.
Value employees as human that has feelings . Employees are not robots.
Pros: Good safety attitude.  
OK salary pay master

Cons: No work. A lot of senior managers with not much money to spend on large projects.
Advice: Looks like you will have to cut more staff.
Pros: Good depending on what group your in and work load. Pays well. For years best place to work for career development and opportunities.

Cons: Industry downturn has added extra stress, lots of process and paperwork.
Advice: Eliminate unnecessary practices - one of the best ways to do this is to avoid constantly creating new campaigns and processes.
Pros: Respected international company, access to industry experts, quality training programs

Cons: Political, like I'm sure several companies.  All in who you know.
Advice: Weed out the bad managers.
Pros: Good company with great benefits.  Good communication in regards to company status and strategy.  Good work/life balance but that is dependent on your manager.

Cons: Sometime such huge structure will play against your work. Oil base company therefore oil fluctuation will impact your job
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are really good and it is one of the best companies on how treats its employees

Cons: Can be boring. Owner is hard to deal with. Can not call in. Hard to manage personal life
Advice: Listen and trust employees more
Pros: The customers and manager are fun and lovable. Decent pay for work down. Decent hours.

Cons: It gets packed in the stores.
Advice: I'm really looking forward to this job.
Pros: I'm going to college right now and I would like to work to help my family out in the same time while im in college. Thank you

Cons: Always changing I love it, but not everyone like change
Advice: Young professionals, you not going to be CEO in five years! Concentrate on your position today, do your best, and future will tell.
Pros: Great Company to work for

Cons: Leadership wants to dictate, hesitates to engage, and doesn't value performance as much as they value being told what they want to hear.
Advice: Learn to hold yourself and those around you accountable for results delivery.
Pros: The people are talented, motivated, and great to work with.

Cons: Absolutely mind boggeling and unhealthy work culture, office politics, and lack of ethics.
Advice: You are in a difficult place where everyone around you is complacent and fears change...so nothing will change
Pros: Fantastic benefits and travel while developing problem solving skills

Cons: The company is too large. Decision making process can be unpleasantly long and not efficient. It is slow to climb up the corporate ladder.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, relaxed environment, great work life balance. Global company, opportunity to work in different countries.

Cons: Lots of work being off-shored.  Low point in the Oil Cycle means more jobs being shed and fewer new hire opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits.  Interesting work.  Great facilities.

Cons: So many re-orgs, consistent job uncertainty; very much Houston/Hague-centric
Advice: Just because someone is a great individual contributor does not mean they are a good manager
Pros: Flexible working, excellent benefits, work experience has been extremely valuable

Cons: Management at the place I worked was awful. The manager was very mean and always insisted on yelling at his employees
Advice: Get a new manager
Pros: Easy work, shifts went by fast, always something to be done

Cons: The job gets old quick. If you don't want much with your life then find a job that will make you want to work.
Advice: N/a
Pros: The work hours and the available hours are perfectly accountable.

Cons: Shell is very consensus driven so it can take time to get all stakeholders aligned and moving on a given topic or project
Advice: None
Pros: The people who work at Shell are easily the best reason to work there

Cons: Too much "who you know" culture
Frequent relocation required to advance
Advice: The different segments of the company don't communicate between each other, wastes time and money
Pros: Decent Benefits
Pension for previous employees
Pay is on par

Cons: None to speak of at the moment.
Advice: Embrace the job culture change.
Pros: Shell is superior to the competitors. They treat you well and reward you when you go above and beyond.

Cons: Progression is slow. Need at least 4-years in a position
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, benefits, retirement plan, and company environment. Schedule are flexible. Technical services department are not good with training. Better for Geoacientist careers

Cons: Large organization with lots of complexities
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent company to work for - relationship driven culture
Excellent pay, fantastic benefits, best in class
Work / life balance is second to none

Cons: Seems like most people would step on you to get above you.
Advice: When taking over another company,  all leadership positions should be replaced with Shell personal.
Pros: The pay for the area was good.

Cons: Slow Company level decision making, 401K contribution is much lower than industry, vacation (2 weeks) is lower than industry
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, flexibility, maternity/paternity leave (16/8 weeks), competitive pay, interesting projects,

Cons: The industry is heavily dependent on oil prices. If working upstream, your job might be at stake.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell really cares about their employees! What a great company to work for!

Cons: Not a lot of control over career path.  Working harder doesn't really pay off other than job security.
Advice: Show employees how you are being competitive against competitors.
Pros: Pension, benefits, work life balance.

Cons: Engineers move up quicker than non-engineers, American staff deprioritized, slow moving, tons of bureaucracy
Advice: Make a decision!
Pros: Great benefits, strong corporate culture, varied job opportunities, culture of debate/discussion, international exposure/opportunities

Cons: I was happy and  very easy to handle
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: The best reason I worked with shell is we getting very very  discount  on the gas

Cons: Have to pick up the slack for day shift. Even if they’re not the ones doing their jobs, we get in trouble for not completing their tasks on top of our own.
Advice: Work on your inconsistencies and keep a better eye on your employees; reward those who deserve it and punish those not doing their jobs.
Pros: Always hours to work. Minimal managment contact.

Cons: Some rude customers. Sometimes you're busy with customers all day & can't stock what you need to
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced. Friendly staff. Friendly vendors.Decent hours . Decent pay

Cons: Ups and downs with the industry
Advice: Don't be shortsighted when downsizing is being considered on a large scale
Pros: Good opportunities for advancement and locations all over the world

Cons: Not many. If the bureaucracy of large organizations bothers you, that would be a con.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture, benefits, 9/80 work schedule, mentoring, training.

Cons: Nobody shared their ideas and everybody tended to not share their ideas, which I didn't like.
Advice: Share your ideas
Pros: Had a lot of fun. Met a bunch of great individuals.

Cons: onboard is a nightmare.  Very competitive and misguiding.  Almost seems like a lottery when in the interview process.
Advice: None
Pros: great money, great benefits.  Secure place to work

Cons: Can be overly focused on process, promotions often come to those with inside connections
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative, communicative, innovation-driven, socially responsible, exciting work

Cons: Company does not handle lay-offs or office closures tactfully.  Company forces you to move to Houston to stay with them long term.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, pay and good people to work with.

Cons: Thankless job with no benefits and minimal pay. Customers are usually rude and messy. You don't get a lunch break,  you just eat when you can.
Advice: Treat your employees with some dignity and offer some benefits to employees other than management.
Pros: It's good for young people that don't have many bills and a flexible scheduel. Great if you need job experience.

Cons: Career path can be playing musical chairs with locating the next job...
Advice: Drive more accountability and experts vs. generalists...
Pros: Great benefits and salaries and bonuses....career can very empowering as you dream...

Cons: Re-org times can be chaotic and uncertain
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning curve
Broad range of opportunities to work on
Platform which promotes sharing views and opinions
Direct involvement in initiatives that impact the bottom-line

Cons: Bureaucratic processes makes it difficult to make changes to the business.
Advice: Eliminate processes that prevent innovation.
Pros: Good benefits and work/life balance

Cons: Lock-Step promotion. Mid range pay
Advice: Need to recognize talent to be promoted faster - simple herd promotion on seniority discourages discretionary effort.
Pros: Work Life Balance; International Opportunities

Cons: Jobs continue to move out of the U.S. leaving several without a position - reorgs every couple of years.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and benefits package.  Opportunities to grow and develop.

Cons: Any large organization has process, bureaucracy, and red tape; Shell is no exception.
Advice: Accelerate.
Pros: Some of the best people to work with out there. Driven, passionate, dedicated.

Cons: Management was lazy. Communication conflicts
Advice: Management needs to pay attention to their employees better. Management is almost never around
Pros: Clean, safe work environment. Fun Coworkers

Cons: employment impacted when Oil prices drop
Advice: Keep remember the importance of the people in the organization.
Pros: Great pay and benefits!  Incredible opportunities.  Care for employees.

Cons: Very busy, lots of OT expected
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company. Very professional, environmental conscience and job security. I feel like Shell cares about me and the value I add

Cons: Had lazy co-workers and rude people to deal with. Hard to get promoted.
Advice: None
Pros: Job is simple and pretty straight forward. Management is well organized.

Cons: Pension plan is lacking compared to competition  (Exxon), better than some, worse than many.
Advice: None
Pros: Stability is great, most fellow employees were happy and good people.

Cons: by virtue of its size can be slow moving
Advice: None
Pros: smart and kind people with genuine concern for one another and the company

Cons: very toxic environment. a lot of office politics and a general psychologically unsafe culture
Advice: None
Pros: great training and opportunities for growth

Cons: Hard recruitment process
technology does limit candidates while on tests
Advice: Give  more opportunities for students to have insights
Pros: Good company  
Good internship

Cons: No help, no breaks, and no lunch, work alone
Advice: Let person do the job they were hired for
Pros: Customers are great, very busy place to work

Cons: Regular corporate reporting cycles can sometimes be a little taxing
Advice: None
Pros: Good can do culture, smart people to work with and great refinery-trading interface role

Cons: I can't name to many  cons about working here.
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Flexible hours good atmosphere decent pay

Cons: Large process driven company; Difficult to affect change
Advice: None
Pros: Large company, Great pay and benefits, Excellent talent, Fun energetic employees, large amounts of responsibility quickly

Cons: Nothing really bad to say.
Advice: Don't hire an assistant manager you don't get along with
Pros: Good wookplace, Very Clean, Lots to do to keep busy

Cons: Job security fluctuates w/ the price of oil.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, however, some of us get the feeling Shell wants out of the gulf.

Cons: Too many chiefs and not enough Indians.
Advice: Make sure Manager speaks clear and fluent English.
Pros: Flexible Hours, you can keep u with your hours, owner communicative.

Cons: Lack of leadership and structure
Advice: Need to have a better structured system to tackle everyday job schedules
Pros: Fast pace environment, fellow employees great to work with

Cons: general managers are not well rules are way to high for a gas station
Advice: None
Pros: Small atmosphere not many customers

Cons: Heavy work load and competitive culture
Advice: Consider the impact to the front line employeees before making decisions
Pros: Flexibility and international opportunities available

Cons: Too much red tape and levels of leadership for expedient decision making. Be ware of clicks...
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership at some levels and departments.

Cons: The downside is not being able to have benefits from this job.
Advice: None
Pros: The customers are great and being able to make them happy

Cons: Different company now,  I wish it was not so
Advice: Think about what made you great....the people
Pros: Was top of the Class technology

Cons: Tough times in the oil industry
Advice: Please retain your identity -- please don't follow other majors
Pros: Great people, lots of autonomy

Cons: People not doing there job don't even get written up
Advice: Fire people who need it
Pros: Plenty to stay busy and easy to do.

Cons: Managers sometimes a little too annoying where its busy.
Advice: Dont let your anger get you blind
Pros: Free lunch and dinner plus off in thanksgiving

Cons: Disruptive IT Environment at Shell.
Advice: Consider loyalty more.
Pros: Great pay and benefits at Shell.

Cons: Stack ranking. Forced to a curve per group.
Advice: Remove the horrible ranking methodology
Pros: Great team. Good work life balance.

Cons: Performance appraisal process is very subjective
Advice: None
Pros: Shell takes Safety as top most priority and believes in developing her employees.

Cons: as every office job, lots of time sitting down, office gossip
Advice: None
Pros: safety is important, caring to the employers, great food,

Cons: A lot of politics, office mainly geared to 'good ol boys'
Advice: None
Pros: Good hours, good people, good pay

Cons: To much stress not enough workers no breaks bosses are uncaring people
Advice: None
Pros: 525.00 a week don't have to worry about other people

Cons: Forced ranking of employees creates competition rather than collaboration.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is good, can change jobs every 4 years which prevents boredom.

Cons: When people try to rob the gas station
Advice: None
Pros: 40+ hours,  great pay

Cons: work can get boring and tedious
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule, good pay, let me go to school for my undergrad while working

Cons: Things move slow, large company with strict ways.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: People, culture, work life balance, 9/80

Cons: management does not take into account personal life issues
Advice: I don't want to work Tuesday'S!
Pros: easy shifts, short hours, free pretzels!

Cons: Gas equipment is very outdated and always has problems.
Advice: Update pumps
Pros: Great owners and management, flexible hours. Fun, laid back atmosphere

Cons: No future with this job, start at the bottom & stay at the bottom
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job, active with the public

Cons: low payment  rate
Advice: building good team sprite
Pros: Good management and working environment, the job is nearby my residence

Cons: A big company always comes with inefficient and complex systems and processes
Advice: None
Pros: They have great benefits and pay

Cons: Global company so takes a lot of time for changes on regional level
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, good work life balance

Cons: nothing bad about it, left becasue i wanted to work in my degree
Advice: None
Pros: great , amazing, and incredible.

Cons: The hours were crazy at timescale
Advice: Have faith in your team
Pros: Wonderful company great pay and love the people

Cons: 12hour shifts are long and the shift differential isn't enough incentive
Advice: Open door policy
Pros: Benefits Salary Culture People Atmosphere

Cons: A lot to learn in a short period of time
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Great people to work around

Cons: In job promotion is not common.
Advice: Good Management from Top down.
Pros: Good Benefits and Leadership. Work life balance.

Cons: Having to sweep and mop on closing shift
Advice: None
Pros: The customers  smiling making customers happy

Cons: hours are brutal and long
Advice: Step it up
Pros: Teamwork is a great influence

Cons: Work locations and large company has its pain points
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, interesting work, and respect for people

Cons: None it is awesome to work there
Advice: Keep up good work great job
Pros: Pay hours benifits friendly environment

Cons: no1 in oil and gas field
Advice: the highest salary
Pros: the best company in the world

Cons: Many processes and red tape
Many layers of managers
Advice: Balance efficiency with effectiveness
Pros: 9/80 Flexible Schedule
Great retirement benefits

Cons: industry fluctuation will impact on the business planning.
Advice: None
Pros: people development was prioritized by top leadership team.

Cons: none at this time good location
Advice: need proper restroom
Pros: need a job and it a source of income

Cons: no cons, no I don't think that there are any cons
Advice: None
Pros: everything is good
I like this comapny

Cons: Market makes it very unstable, constant Re-organization, Far commute
Advice: None
Pros: Great People, Great Benefits, A lot of Networks

Cons: No job security over worked under paid
Advice: Fire management
Pros: The customers were the only thing that made it worth while

Cons: No issues with company, nice coworkers
Advice: Increase pay for employees and provide good benefits
Pros: very friendly and nice coworkers

Cons: Boring hours, customers can be extremely rude.
Advice: None
Pros: Good management with a lot of flexibility

Cons: No regular breaks and little work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Dealing with tweakers wasnt worth it anymore so I left.

Cons: Long hours and not always good work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and good pay

Cons: Company is so big simplest tasks are difficult to acheive
Advice: Make things simpler
Pros: Good salary and benefits package

Cons: Moving finance stuff to shared service center
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and great team and environment

Cons: High rate of employees quitting, poor management, no room for advancing in company
Advice: None
Pros: Easy to get hours in

Cons: Experience is dependent on your boss.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Overall enjoyed it.

Cons: High number of Layoffs
Advice: Trust more in employees
Pros: Good salaries & work life balance

Cons: Hard to balance randoms shedule hours
Advice: Could work on some regulations
Pros: Well good co workers

Cons: Can get lost inside a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Great training programs and lots of opportunities

Cons: Career options are limited for senior people
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and compensation package

Cons: Constantly changing management and priorities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits - Great People

Cons: No issues good place plus
Advice: Good Company goals And safety
Pros: Goood Company with benefits plus

Cons: Long days, little vacation, uptight management
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, good benefits, great people

Cons: constant change, high turnover can make work difficult
Advice: None
Pros: great people; one-team mentality makes working enjoyable

Cons: Could have better medical benefits
Advice: Keep up good work!
Pros: Great employees; everyone enjoys their job.

Cons: No cons at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Promote healthy work-life balance.

Cons: the pay is low then my expectation
Advice: None
Pros: it is really near by my house

Cons: Oil prices changes have affected work environment with large layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: No holiday pay, no over time pay even when you work overtime. My hours are short frequently on my pay check. No insurance or any benefits other than free fountain drinks or coffee. I actually don't know why I'm still there
Advice: What management?
Pros: It's close to my home

Cons: Interrupted breaks, dangerous working at night, drunks, no benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Not very demanding, work alone

Cons: Cant think of any right now
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, good culture and work life balance

Cons: as with any customer service job, the customers
Advice: none
Pros: Easy work, flexible hours, clean stores

Cons: European feel and mentality; foreign opportunities limited
Advice: None
Pros: Stable; lots of perks; fantastic coworkers

Cons: i work a lot  uh oh
Advice: None
Pros: I have flexible hours  yay

Cons: massive bureaucracy, painfully slow to make decisions, frequent reorganisations
Advice: None
Pros: excellent compensation, decent work/life balance

Cons: Boring and not very good pay
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible hours and easy schedule

Cons: Fire you over things that are not even in your control
Advice: None
Pros: You will get paid weekly

Cons: Constant reorganizations create many inefficiencies.
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects with talented people.

Cons: no cons, no issues, looks perfect
Advice: none
Pros: great  place to work always

Cons: busy hours in my opinion
Advice: nothx
Pros: nice place, decent pay i guess

Cons: Not enough hours. not enough pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly atmosphere, relaxed atmosphere.

Cons: Management was not considered consistent with employees
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment. Excellent work ethic

Cons: There are no cons to this job.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at.

Cons: They are laying off too many people.
Advice: None
Pros: They have a great health plan

Cons: none to speak of at this time
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work with advancement

Cons: Working with the public is not fun.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice and updated gas stations

Cons: Politics, unsustainable cost-cutting, poor morale in industry
Advice: None
Pros: Decent benefits, good work-life balance

Cons: none for working an internship
Advice: None
Pros: Great mentors, flexible hours, great co workers

Cons: Lack of mobility to other areas of the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: nothing really, Smelled like gasoline.
Advice: None
Pros: They were very nice to me.

Cons: Hours are bad
Rocky industry ups and downs
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good
Retention is good

Cons: Awful pay. But very easy
Advice: Increase wages
Pros: Its cool, easy. Worked at car wash

Cons: Don't really know anything about the company
Advice: None
Pros: Fair and equal opportunity employer

Cons: Worked late shift, didn't care for the hours
Advice: None
Pros: The people were mostly friendly

Cons: They do not offer benefits.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Great place to work .

Cons: communication is bad. Manager sucks.
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and work place.

Cons: It gets lonely in the nights
Advice: None
Pros: Fast, easy job to do

Cons: Management are shifty due to  micro-management.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good w/ incentives.

Cons: not good work environment dirt y
Advice: do better
Pros: awesome time to work out

Cons: No family time. Always at the job.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy job , fair wages

Cons: Difficult to have change implemented.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: mechanic is not a good job
Advice: None
Pros: there is nothing to say

Cons: Isolated location makes it tough on family
Advice: None
Pros: Great Schedule, pay and benefits

Cons: long hours/schedule unpredictable/ no set schedules
Advice: None
Pros: excellent benefits/ excellent management and mentors

Cons: Limited opportunities outside of Houston
Advice: None
Pros: Good company and good benefits

Cons: salary increase is relatovely slow
Advice: None
Pros: benefit is very good for sure

Cons: Yo many rsts in the place
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work

Cons: Slow, bureaucracy, hierarchical, incompetent.
Advice: Speed up.
Pros: Money, retirement, work life balance.

Cons: the work can get repetitive
Advice: None
Pros: No micro managing. left alone

Cons: Too much work pressure and none opportunity if you are not originally from UK or Porland
Advice: Give local people more opportunity, less politics
Pros: The compensation is not bad.

Cons: No one is ever around, a lot of call offs, a lot dangerous customers.
Advice: Do more to keep people safe and train more
Pros: Lots of independence and self learning,

Cons: The pay was sad I can’t not live like that School is really high and bills. I just wana upgrade myself
Advice: Stay focus maintain stay positive
Pros: It pays some Of bills I want to do better then that.

Cons: Management is bad really bad
Advice: Promote from within
Pros: Benefits none other than that

Cons: Company doesn't use new software updates
Advice: Needs improvement
Pros: Moving experience is good

Cons: I don't have any downsides to working here
Advice: None
Pros: Being able to work around different people..
