Cons: This company is over-burdened by "process" and general overhead in comparison to actual work.  It really over-burdens the staff.  I spend 90% of my time dealing with "process" as opposed to real work.  When i started work with this company in year 2000, it was 90% work and 10% process.  Over the years the trend reversed to the point where "process" greatly exceeds work.  I am paid as a glorified Admin assistant instead of an IT professional.

I am part of the Shell Trading organization.  Trading is essentially a Financial Services organization with different requirements and needs from the parent company.  Unfortunately, Shell treats the Trading division just like the rest of the oil company.   Shell applies a "one size fits all" methodology to all the business units.
Advice: Eliminate all the excess "process" that prevents employees from working efficiently.
Pros: 1)Incredibly diverse workforce creates an interesting and unique work environment.
2)encourages employees to give back to the local communities via volunteer work
3)upper management communicates regularly to the general employee workforce

Cons: Lots of beauracracy , to be expected in a company of this size.  Because of the varied departments and plethora of roles, responsibilites, and diversity of customers, every role is a little different so in that sense it can be a grab bag at times.  Companies this big can be very political.  Learning opportunities sometimes more specialized compared to a smaller company.
Advice: Continue the initiatives currently in place to streamline the business.  Take on slightly more risk than current risk appetite allows.  Be more transparent in delivering bad news.
Pros: Shell is a very people-centric company with a global vision.  It offers so many various classes of business with so many areas of expertise, you really can do anything in a company this size.  Left to your own ambition, there really is a sense of taking a hold of your own future.  Work life balance, compensation, and diversity are all top notch.

Cons: Management was always very slow to make a decision and wouldn't always hold steadfast down a path that they preached about.  As for climbing the corporate ladder, it was nearly impossible to move up in the company, regardless of how hard you worked.
Advice: Be more transparent and act decisively and efficiently.  Stop outsourcing jobs that you're going to turn around and bring back to the States in a few years when you realize what a terrible mistake you made to save a few dollars.
Pros: The work-life balance within the department I was employed was exceptional.  My direct manager recognized my personal situation and worked with me to find a schedule that would fit both of our needs.  There were ample opportunities for personal and professional growth, salary and  benefits were above average.

Cons: Most of the full-time employees are content to be just where they are.  They are not motivated and they know that it is literally impossible to be fired from Shell unless they steal large amounts of money from the company, and their work and work ethic shows it.  There is extreme absenteeism, and a general lack of knowledge and/or un-willingness to learn displayed by the older employees who are just waiting until they get enough points to retire.
Advice: Work harder to keep your good employees, even if they are contractors, and most of all, find a way to motivate your employees who have become fat and happy and have no need to work hard.
Pros: If you are a full-time employee, and not a contractor like me:
-Great pay/benefits/vacation
-Flexible work life balance
-No 9/80s but they do have summer hours (get half day off on Friday in the Summer)

Cons: Working of projects, I felt that a lot of the things we were doing were inconsequential, almost meaningless. Some folks are far more interested in keeping their jobs and preserving the status quo rather than doing valuable work. The culture is very male, very white, and if you are not golfing with the inner circle, you will not move upwards anytime soon.
Advice: Top quartile performance should not be lip service only. It is embarrassing that this oil super major can't get past spot #2.
Pros: It has a myriad of businesses where you can learn. It also has pockets of competent managers that make the jobs interesting and meaningful. The pay is also good.

Cons: Their system of "Job Grades" is extremely inconsistent and is apparent after someone has finally left a position after several years and they have to raise the salary and Job Grade to fill it with someone with the same qualifications.
Advice: Senior leaders within departments really need to get more involved with their sub-departments.  Often they let their direct reports (who are the managers of these sub-departments) just do what they want and they have no clue what their direct reports are doing (or not doing).  All they care about is that they come in at or under budget.
Pros: 9/80 (every other Friday off), very understanding with inclement weather, stress on safety

Cons: Complicated supply chain across wide range of product lines.
Large company; slow change progression.
Political mine field between agendas/accounts.
Health benefits lacking behind most companies.
Advice: Continue to listen and support members of team.  
Continue with excellent leadership during low and high stress periods.  
Need better team unity between Sales/CPFR/Category.
Pros: Customer focused with strong upper-level leadership support.
Wide range of career opportunities nationally and worldwide.
Strong and stable company with long history.
Salary above average compare to similar position in area.
Very good work life balance; minimum 40+ work week.
Cross-training available; support to grow knowledge base.
Financial benefit options positive.

Cons: ...... they will support projects as long they have a profile and are "urgent".... but sometimes they are likely to drop them in favor of the next "priority".... often leaving the first project incomplete and benefits not fully realized.
Advice: Complete the task.  See projects through to full implementation.  Squeeze all possible benefits from the investments you make.  Keep on being willing to resource projects as you do.
Pros: Company has deep pockets, and a desire to do the right thing, correctly.  They will spend to get the result they are looking for...

Cons: Like most large multinationals Shell can, at sometimes, move slowly. This is something that's being worked on with the current reorganizations.
Advice: Continue communicating with staff as often as possible, it's greatly appreciated. Additionally, work on creating the energy that was around a few years back.
Pros: Great opportunity to work in various locations / cultures. Shell offers average compensation, compared to the other "majors" but definitely has the leg up on benefits.

Cons: Working with the client base was not the most enjoyable experience.  Company policy sometimes at odds with dealer wants and needs.
Advice: Work in a more co-operative way with all of your constituents.  Serve the higher purpose whereby all would benefit.  Keep looking up.
Pros: Benefits and good employee perks such as office parties, good location of the office and very easy commute on a daily basis

Cons: Senior management often times lack direction
Severe lack of decision making in times of crisis
Too many project parallel paths
Advice: Reduce internal processes that hampers the overall group progress and trust in the abilities of your staff to make proper judgement calls that will advance the program.
Pros: Personal and career training highly encouraged
Unlimited number of skilled personnel
Good work/life balance environment
Exciting work assignments
Competitive salaries

Cons: Moving finance function overseas, so there was no room for advancement within the company only the realization that our jobs would end sometime in the near future.
Advice: No comment
Pros: Good pay and beneifts and I would have stayed longer if they were not moving the positions to India.  Was allowed to work on challenging assignments.

Cons: Managers make their own rules as they go along irrespective of global policy
since headquarters is in the Netherlands, US sorts off run off tangent with Policy interpretation

promised opportunities of moving withing company is held down by local managers
Advice: No at this time. they have heard it all but choose to run the way it is.
Pros: Global Company
Great benefits Package
information sharing can be quite effective

Cons: Work/life balance depends on manager (mine is positive experience, but others not as much), international opportunities not as prevalent in downstream.
Advice: Empower younger employees with more responsibility, trust, and opportunities. Foster greater learnings between upstream and downstream groups so employees understand the entire picture of Shell.
Pros: Competitive pay and emphasis on employee safety (especially the assistance provided during natural disasters which includes housing assistance, check-ins with managers, etc.).

Cons: Extremely large company, it can feel like you get lost in the crowd. Only US opportunities are in Houston, Texas.
Advice: Make all employees feel recognized and a part of the daily process. Build and expand your college recruiting programs to include more fields.
Pros: Great company to work for, goes above and beyond for it's employees. Good opportunities to move up and around within the company.

Cons: Too hung up on estimated potential of staff for promotion/hiring decisions, lack of consistent evaluation method for performance reviews, poor people skills of most manager/sr managers,
Advice: Stop getting hung up on performance factors and current estimated potential factors used to select potential candidates. Instead base on actual achievements. Stop trying to be like Exxon!
Pros: Excellent pay, benefits, bonus, education reimbursement, opportunities to work across divisions

Cons: Career opportunities are getting more limited with little to none developmental programs in place.
Advice: Mgmt often lacks decision making prowess, ie quick, decisive actions based on available information.  There is always too much fear of being wrong versus ability to accept mistakes.
Pros: The people at Shell are generally very top notch, smart and friendly.  This makes the working environment very nice and comfortable.

Cons: unfairness in promotions
not transparent in decision making within teams
alot of office politics to deal with
laid off a lot of good people, so everyone is now overworked
Advice: be more fair in promotions 
pay needs to be better
Pros: training, friendly people, name recognition, global opportunities

Cons: Corporate bureaucracy is incredible. Americans are sencondary citizens. Siloed culture among various groups and communications are usually bad.
Advice: Get rid of bureaucracy, streamline the corporate process.
Pros: Flexible hours, freedom to do work your way. Good pay.

Cons: Continuing to offshore key opportunities as accounting, it, engineering
Advice: Retain some key knowledgable staff as you can't depend on SSSC to be process experts
Pros: Very good pay and job Security

Cons: People work in silos
Slackers are able to coast
Advice: Grow talented and proven individuals outside of technical fields
Pros: Great Benefits
Enviromentally Responsible
Working enviroment is comfortable and pleasing
Allowed to work with minimal supervision
Fair
Employees are valued

Cons: Sometimes it can be a little boring. Not as fun as working in the refinery.
Advice: Keep up good work
Pros: Good benefits and good people.

Cons: Large company, job for 2-4 years and then have to reapply for position
Advice: Not in touch with employees
Pros: Total benefits package is excellant

Cons: chargibility issue, work load, communication
Advice: more efficient, work life balance, more opportunities
Pros: good working environment all over  the world

Cons: sucking management, weather and etc
Advice: 
Pros: ok salary, work place, cheap city
