Cons: Shell often hires you for one job, but ends up giving you another job.  Often it is outside what you have been trained for or have experience in.  Every year you are "evaluated" against your peers and the lowest evaluated employees are "put on notice" that they must improve or will be let go.  The problem with this "evaluation" is that you are compared with all employees worldwide who have been evaluated by their immediate Manager.  All "evaluations" are sent to HR and then people who do not even know you or your work performance are determining your future with Shell.  Shell uses this method of Forced Ranking to get rid of employees and hire less experienced employees to keep costs down.
Also there is little or no communication between upper management and the employees.  HR does not handle complaints for the employee but only for upper management.  The HR representatives I have witnessed who took complaints from my fellow coworkers did nothing to help the worker but suddenly our immediate supervisor knew everything about the complaint.  It does no good to go the HR with any employee complaints because the employee will suddenly have poor "evaluations".
Advice: Listen to your employees and eliminate the use of Forced Ranking for Employee Performance.
Pros: Shell offers great opportunites for recent graduates.  They can get the necessary experience on the career ladder to pursue a more satisfying opportunity at another major corporation that will respect the individual worker.

Cons: Very large company.  Can be hard to navigate such a large structure.
Not American owned.  Dutch owned and consequently there is always a tension between global processes and local needs and laws to be overcome.  Global can mean a loss of personal identity in the larger scheme of things and can also offer complications, especially with hiring laws, environmental laws and overall product quality.
No real say as to who is placed in Sr. Leadership.  Employees are never asked about changes in leadership and tend to be the last to know something that huge is changing within the company structure.
Advice: Listen to the questions that employees are asking and actually answer the question or bring someone with you who can give a reasonable answer.
Pros: Ease of communication with immediate management.  Shell has a very strict open door policy for its employees.
Ability to seek and receive training in personal development as well as critical business skills.  Shell offers a learning center to its employees called the Shell Open University where outside consultants come in to educate employees and help to keep their skills sharp.
Great compensation and benefits.  Shell offers one of the best salary and benefits packages in the industry.
Good personal feedback both as an individual and as a team.  Shell is very good about asking for 360 feedback.
Plenty of intellectual challenges offered.  Shell offers projects that are stimulating and very rewarding.
Great personal achievement recognition awards.  Shell offers great monetary awards for outstanding work.

Cons: I believe that the company would benefit a great deal from setting up internal committees or advisory boards made up from employees across all levels to add value in real business challenges. Also, i believe the employer brand should better match the working conditions and the career development that is offered. There is a perception that a career with Shell automatically means international travel, that is not always the case and this can cause disengagement amongst the employees. A fair and honest description would be far better and would be seen as a great attraction point once employees get this.
Advice: Listen to the workforce more
Pros: They have a great brand that attracted me to the organization, however the reality doesn't really stack up to the dream that was sold. I believe that the company would benefit a great deal from setting up internal committees or advisory boards made up from employees across all levels to add value in real business challenges. Also, i believe the employer brand should better match the working conditions and the career development that is offered. There is a perception that a career with Shell automatically means international travel, that is not always the case and this can cause disengagement amongst the employees.

Cons: Big and bureaucratic, but nothing is perfect. The IT systems are quite dated and crappy, run by some outsourcing shop in India or wherever. A lot of dead wood, that is quite proficient in the appearance of being highly busy at all times.
Advice: Train employees better in people skills, otherwise clever contractors can often run circles around the folks who have been typical engineers their entire lives.
Pros: Excellent work/life balance, good compensation, and training! Every 2nd Friday is off with their 9/80 schedule. Some smarter folks avoid meetings on any Friday, thus you never know what schedule they are on and if they are ever in the office on Fridays.

 Most of the work is done through contractors, thus in reality it is not clear why an oil company would be penny pitching their employees. And Shell does not! A million here, another million there, thus it is far more important to ensure that people are happy and do not squander the money on contractors in order to retaliate.

Cons: The only downside I can think of is the commute to downtown Houston. Though I have done it for so long that I am used to it.
Advice: Keep a long-term view of business. Short-term gains may lead to long-term losses.
Pros: They are good people to work for and work with. There is mutual respect for each others professional point of view. Ethical and safe behavior is expected from all employees and is practiced at all levels of management. Input into decisions and work processes is encouraged and self-direction is expected. Although this is not true for most of Shell, Shell Pipeline in Houston still has private offices, which is a bonus. Shell Pipeline, like most of Shell in the US, is on the 9/80 (80 hours in 9 days) program where we work 9 hour days and get every other Friday off. Overtime is kept to a minimum. Also, bus fare (or parking) is subsidized.

Cons: Too many rules and regulations, everything one does has to be in "compliance", didnt appreciate the fact that one has to go thru exams and training to be safety and rules compliant but I figured this is something every large corporation has to go thru. Also alot of outsourcing going on in Finance and IT which has caused alot of people to leave Shell.
Advice: Cut down on the excessive regulations and be more opeminded about issues in the workplace other than that everything seems great.
Pros: Overall a great company to work with, always has plenty of work to do. Shell is a very well structured company with a strong work ethic. Would recommend working for Shell. Definitely alot of growth due unfortunately Shell has started layoffs and shrinking due to the new CEO but those that have the opportunity to work for Shell gain a lot.

Cons: Upper management gets it.  First level supervision and management generally get it.  Sometimes it is weak in-between.  (Upside is that this generally corrects itself)
Advice: Don't make detailed or technology decisions without feedback from the experts.
Pros: Tremendous amount of empowerment.  The more successful you are, the more you can do.
The people of Shell are tremendous to work with.
9/80 days are a real benefit (Trading - Lubes - Get with it...)
Senior management is making a real effort to communicate to the employees, at all levels.
Shell gets diversity.  The most progressive of companies of all the ones I intimately know.
Great information sharing.  Very few co-workers that hoard information.
Commitment of recruiting talent by VERY senior management.

Cons: There are a lots of rules. . . .  procedures.  . . Need to follow paperwork at every stage and the procedures seem to change frequently . .   . .  . .
Advice: Need improvment on knowledge sharing and IT issues
Pros: There is a lot of diversity and growth opportunity for women. There is freedom to share ideas and voice your opinions including staff who are less experienced and even newer graduates. You can contribute and make a difference. There is flexibility at work and mutual respect. They advocate and practice work life balance. This is great when you have a family needing attention .. kids or aging parents to take care of etc.. Finally there is opportunity for growth and of course the compensation is competitive..

Cons: You will never do the job you think you've been hired to do.  It doesn't matter how many questions you ask in the interview - it will be nothing like you expected, and not in a good way.  If you're brought in as a contractor, expect to stay that way.  I finally left after my convert-to-perm date had been pushed back 3 times.
Advice: Quit interviewing people for one position and placing them in a completely different role.  I can name at least 5 people this has happened to in the last 2 years.
Pros: It's great to have on your resume.  Once you get in this industry with a major player like Shell, you're pretty well set for your career.

Cons: In such a global company at times it's easy to feel the sting of bureaucratic policies from centralized functions such as finance and policy.
Advice: I would say continuing to be very transparent through these economic hard times will continue to be an advantage at Shell. Despite cost cutting, and organizational changes, they have been fairly transparent, and I think that is what is keeping employees engaged.
Pros: Company culture facilitates employee engagement, assignments keep you challenged and interested at work, your able to see how you directly add value to the business, your given opportunities to learn and grow along with a formal development process, and your surrounded by people who are smart, open, and willing to help.

Cons: Slow progression, not enough differentiation between good and great, Too much complacency, not enough of an external focus, HR function is not as strong as it should be; too many promotions based upon technical talent instead of leadership ability.
Advice: Aim to make HR world-class, develop leaders earlier, promote for direct leadership ability not technical talent, more opportunities to move top performers more quickly, if not at least have more split job grade roles where you can get promoted as you move from individual contribution to project leadership in a role.
Pros: Learning Company, Great compensation, talented colleagues, intellectual freedom, global projects and teams, great collaborative technology, big projects, Technological Leader, pay tied to performance

Cons: Weak senior leadership.  Very bureaucratic.  Focused on generating processes and procedures rather than on meaningful action.  Slow decision making.  Paralysis by analysis.  Comments to leadership are in reference to non-US based leaders.  The same innovation referenced in best reasons can also be a hindrance when we go overboard to gold plate a project when something simpler may have sufficed.

IT and HR are horrible.  IT extremely fearful of new ideas and way behind and HR is clueless.  IT decisions appear to be based exclusively on cost of maintaing system/software and not on value to end-users.  This results in tools being rolled out with features rendered shut down.  This reduces the cost of support.  But that is only because so many features have been shut down or configuration is so convoluted that the software is practically unusable.  So, obviously support costs are down because no one is using the software.  

Greater offshoring of jobs, especially at the lower levels but also review of moving jobs at the next level.  The problem with that model is that if you don't have entry level jobs in the US, what happens to the jobs pipeline?  Where will the people for the next level jobs come from?
Advice: Retire.  Reference is to non-US based leaders.  The senior leadership in the US (in my business) is excellent with a great deal of credibility.  But are hamstrung by the Royal Dutch Shell leadership.
Pros: The pay and benefits are excellent.  The engineering staff is great and very innovative.  Impression that there is a greater degree of freedom to be creative than in other companies, e.g. Exxon.  Exception to creativity is is in general IT, i.e. desktop tools.

Cons: Some the upper level management personnel seem to avoid communicating at times.  Then again, the engineering profession hasn't been known for its socialites.
Advice: Learn how to talk.
Pros: Great company, a lot of opportunity to work on developing projects.  Although, it all depends on your specialization, some have more opportunity than others.  Shell tries to make their employees feel at home in their job environment.  Sense of family/togetherness compared to other companies like Exxon.

Cons: Rare when members of management coach you, very poor coommunication between supply chain and sales, poor communication of changes by management
Advice: Communicate better with all levels of sales.  Hold more team meetings to address sales training of new products and programming
Pros: Company Car, Flexibility with time off, rarely have to work weekends, rare when management wrks with you, good pay and benefits

Cons: Disorganized
Poor communication to employees
Complex organizational structure
I felt as though I was not well matched to my project and not given the tools to succeed. Adequate training for complex tasks was not provided.
Advice: Streamline corporate structure, standardize procedures, act like you care about input from employees.

Lastly learn from outgoing employees, my exit interview left me with the impression that no one cared why I was going and nothing would be done to keep people like me.
Pros: Flexible hours and relaxed workplace. Work-life balance is easy to achieve. Individual employees are for the most part pleasant to work with.

Cons: Shell is reducing staff substantially, which causes uncertainity in the workplace.
Management needs to communicate better, they communicate a lot, but they need to do it better.
Advice: Focus your attention on a few key items.
Pros: Large company benefits; 401K, pension, medical benefits
Good salaries
Nice offices
Provides training
Mentoring for younger staff
Community service opportunities

Cons: Fairly bureaucratic work environment, slow to change, considerable sense of entitlement among employees
Advice: Out with entitlement, in with performance - regardless of experience level
Pros: Compensation, work/life balance, long-term stability, long-term advancement potential

Cons: Very hard time moving up to management, takes possibly 8- 10 years
Advice: If the company's making money, then i guess good job
Pros: Their salary is very competitive and good locations to work at

Cons: Lack of smart, motivated people in many areas
very bureaucratic
Lower relative pay
Advice: It helps immensely  to find a senior level mentor to help guide you thru career advancement process at Shell
Pros: 9-80 Work Schedule
Great Benefits
Opportunity to change positions within different Shell businesses

Cons: Bureaucracy, company strategy, volatile commodity environment.
Advice: Need to weather the storm and get back to basics!
Pros: The people, the culture, the international opportunities, the compensation.
