Cons: Can't seem to think of one
Advice: Keep up the good work, and we will be the number one product in a few years.
Pros: People share a passion for the brand

Cons: management superiority complex, high schoolish drama, fear tatics and the blame game a normal thing
Advice: stop hiring idiots who capped out in high school be in charge cause most of the time their disrespectful bullies who are costing your company customers but blaming their underlings
Pros: great pay/laid back work when management absent

Cons: You manage your career alone, and explore new opportunities under covert. The HR system doesn't work although they claim for 'best employer' program. Promotions are very rare. You are promoted from outside. From inside promotion doesn't work and you have to do lots of  politics.
Advice: Walk the talk and o objective review of career path and be honest about skills and potentials. If negative opinion on promotions then give true and objective guidance on how to improve, and make it part of the regular (quarterly( follow up. Check also with skip level meetings.
Pros: Different jobs, experiences, areas. Moving from one to another area is quite easy if you are a people person and skilled in what you do. Company has international and growing business. Opportunities may help you land on other parts of the planet if you want (and can).

Cons: To reach a higher positioin you must be german, mexicans and others take too long to reach a higher position because in my experience the CEO and the other chiefs are germans.They also make you work saturdays and sundays if necessary.
Advice: Try to get more points and really helpful courses for the especialist according they necessities but also they schedule.
Pros: You can find anyplace to work in your interest areas, they have really good benefits as some clothes cupons at sears and other stores also they help you to rent a car from the brand.

Cons: Yes there are some defects in this area as a person in my designation should get some appreciation.
Advice: VW as a brand has made a remarkable stand in the field i just want the Dealer Principles should take this note and should enhance the employee..........
Pros: This Company has definitely enhance my skills.

Cons: working timings in sales and providing canteen, consider missallanieous expenses.
Advice: continue the felities which are providing from the company like training programes.
Pros: providing good training , structure of the top level management, giving performance appraisals for the internal motivation to give optimum output, and healthy environment.

Cons: No graduate scheme, but has now been introduced
Open office planning is not always a good thing
Advice: None
Pros: Open office planning
Even MD is addressed on a first name basis
Competitive but rewarding graduate scheme
Excellent and tax efficient company car scheme

Cons: Coordination skills are more required trhan technical skills.
No customizing/programming scills required.
Advice: Bring more deep technical knowledge in company.
Use local technical university for preparing/hiring well educated personal.
Pros: Great experience in system and processes architecture at a big automotive manufacturer.
Access to the technologies/best practice of the whole concern.

Cons: Management is the main problem to employees
Advice: Try to improve a lot for customer satisfaction service
Pros: Salary is the best part of reason from Volkswagen

Cons: to be refines of indian law's with group co.
Advice: care small worker also.
Pros: Future Good company for existing employee irrespective of profit of organisation

Cons: Oportunities in other facilities of the Group
Advice: None
Pros: Great labor atmosphere
Excelent job oportunities and develop areas

Cons: Not innovative and low efficiency, relatively low salary
Advice: give young talent more opportuinties
Pros: Process-oriented, international environment, work-life balance

Cons: Girls are less and so enjoyment is less
Advice: Increase female employees
Pros: Working Culture is good and highly negotiable

Cons: none, just good. 
Best german company
Advice: Go on, 2018
Pros: Great focus on employees, good development opportunities

Cons: sales statergy not good for india
Advice: change sales startergy
Pros: Employee satisfaction, 5day week good work culture

Cons: salary not according to work
Advice: think about employes
Pros: best place of work and growth

Cons: German culture too strong and sometimes difficult the work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great values and knowledge.
