Cons: underpaid and it's hard to get pay raises as there is no performance review or stated raise schedule. lots of old guy bro culture despite anti harassment training.
Advice: None
Pros: easy to take days off if needed and there is no conflict.

Cons: No work/balance. Not for someone with a family or trying to build one.
Advice: None
Pros: Family Atomsphere with some what decent pay.

Cons: Inventory isnt all that great and some staff shouldnt be managers.
Advice: None
Pros: Great General Manager and great staff!

Cons: Do not join VGC if you don't speak German.
Advice: None
Pros: The job was easy with good work life balance.

Cons: Poor management up top, lack of resources to be successful in a role, and huge pay deficit compared to other OEMs.
Advice: Step down and let the US market function like other OEMs. Stop the lying and unethical behavior associated with the delicately problem.
Pros: VW builds really great vehicles.

Cons: There are no cans I speak to. This is an amazing company and great job.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the job at Volkswagen. Teardown is a great job ensuring vehicles meet standards.

Cons: Not such, As a large european company , very less Reasearch work is done in India.;
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company, Good atmosphere, Words ;largest automobile manufacturing company. Good for learning.

Cons: Car sales sucks but thats normal
Advice: Pay more
Pros: Great place great boss and full of energy

Cons: Slow advancement process, balance work and life.
Advice: Keep it up the good work.
Pros: Open doors policy, great compensation package, international traveling.

Cons: Rotating schedule is terrible for families.
Advice: Finds solution to schedule concerns.
Pros: Good benefit package, and employee sponsored events.

Cons: Can't think of any cons all good
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: They care for the employees

Cons: Poor management, lack of pto, no communication from leadership, most co workers spend more time watch fav tv shows on phones then working. That includes direct hire leaders.
Advice: Look up, look around,communicate what you want done and how to do it. Have some continuity within the dept. Return to the vw family concept. Customers are family, but contract workers are not.
Pros: Good location, gym available, friendly co workers

Cons: I am looking forward to help the company continue to grow and succeed.
Advice: Great group of management team.
Pros: Great company to work for looking forward to being for many years to come.

Cons: Minimal free time. And no overtime pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful car and amazing brand.

Cons: no raises, tell you to sell more
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment, care about employees

Cons: Sometimes stressful, especially during customer complaints
Advice: Do it
Pros: Good salary and very good spirit

Cons: rotating shift days to nights
Advice: change the shift rotaton
Pros: Good pay excellent co workers

Cons: Lot of Control freaks running the show
Advice: None
Pros: Salary. Brilliant People. Trip to Germany!

Cons: lack of communication at times
Advice: less meetings and more production
Pros: PTO, flexible hours, opportunity for growth

Cons: They expect a lot out of their employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great support from fellow employees. Safety

Cons: work a lot of hrs
Advice: Listen
Pros: Great company, Great compensation

Cons: Culture of big German company have difficult to adapt quick technology change, especially apply data science technology to future concept car
Advice: None
Pros: Driving a car which is not on market yet

Cons: Presenting a product to humans requires audacity and strategy, which can require enormous effort and investment.
Looking at the history of the world we realize that the simple is amazing, the detail is unique and exclusive.
Advice: Focus and value on employees is the largest requisition that a company.
Need high investment in experts and knowledge holders, are the soul of success!
Pros: Company Strong! Strong Values! It has the agility and the competence to launch in the world market, vehicles with high and excellent added value!
It has the tenacity of only with a single launch, have the power to create worldwide trends in technology and safety in vehicles around the world!

Cons: Sometimes not the best place to be if you are not working in the headquarter office, once most of important decisions are taken according to a local point of view, putting aside some important cultural aspects abroad.
Advice: Internal values are important and are there to be used, the departments should be driven in a professional and ethic way and it must be understood that this is the best and only way to perform the work. Departments should not be seen as the backyard of private houses.
Pros: Solid company with factories all over the world and high technology oriented. Continuous searching for higher standards. Concerned about world wide environment.

Cons: everyone is only in charge of small area of the whole department, if you want to study more, it's better to choose a small compay;need more balance between job and life
Advice: need to hire more staff and pay more in order to decrease its turnover rate
Pros: they have great training programs provided every year depends on your job and interest. 
great lunch offered every day 
 nice working environment

Cons: The same exposure to customers many times makes urgencies more important than really important things and you have to work on demand rather than following a plan.
Advice: IT Services should have more considerations from a management perspective since it´s a really customer facing job and it´s how customers perceive how IT works for them and what IT do for them.
Pros: It´s a very challenging career with lots of opportunities to shine and exposure of your job duties to internal  clients, most of them VIPs. Really customer oriented position,

Cons: The main challenge I found with Volkswagen Ireland was the poor pay and the huge pay gap.  We were rewarded as staff with good car purchase opportunities but money is not evenly distributed.
Advice: Cut high paid surplus staff and employ younger, vibrant and innovative staff
Pros: Flexible, trusting, innovative and rewarding environment, a place to learn full scope of a business. The management are nurturing and look out for and understand every individuals personal circumstances

Cons: Some poor managers when 25 salesman leave in a year it's not the staff at fault it's the sales manager. A lot of good people lost because on one persons failings.
Advice: Promote from within somebody who know and likes the brand and knows how to manage and motivate people not stress and de motivate them.
Pros: Excellent product, large customer following, fantastic buildings to work in, good training

Cons: Slow growth opportunities. Lack of good projects. No go ahead without approval from VW AG; this slows down the process. Lack of innovative ideas and thinking
Advice: Build your R&D in India and reduce dependence on Germany. Invest in better marketing to improve share in India
Pros: Good culture. SOP and systems in place. Good opportunity to work with cross functional teams. 
Good transport and food service

Cons: - Diesel scandal (Lots of upset customers)
- No communication with Head Office
- Lack of focus with brand image
Advice: Great work overall, more communication between upper and lower levels would encourage better overall performance of employees.
Pros: - Flexible hours
- Lots of benefits
- Room for upward growth
- Lots of potential with future models
- On-going training

Cons: Unfriendly blame company culture. 

Extremely unprofessional and unskilled colleagues. Nothing gets done right or on time. 

Most management not interested in getting any clever ones in, they will become their threat!

Career wise you will fall far behind industry standards. 

Boring tasks. 

Yes man culture.
Advice: Please start doing some work, VW is a great brand.
Pros: If you want an above average salary and have no challenge until retirement, Volkswagen Group Japan will be your dream place. 

Nice cars and decent lease programs. 

Retirement benefits. 

Some very few great colleagues!

Cons: Not the best pay in the world. Messy and at times dirty. Not many benefits. No company healthcare or life insurance. No cell phone.
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Learning new experiences and skills. Driving different tyoes of cars. Liaising with customers. Sense of achievment.

Cons: job could be pressured, company has its own target on each sales. 
sometimes has to deal with disrespectful customers.
Advice: managers need be more organised, and listen more about sales opinions
Pros: challenging, easy to get in, don't require too much work experience. 
payment is based on commission, get to talk to different kinds of people.

Cons: Headquarter in a very small city in northern Germany where it can get really cold 
Still a bit too German for such a multinational
Advice: None
Pros: Possibility to work abroad
Great products
very social and flexible to employees
great salaries and other benefits
you can interchange area and learn a lot
known brand, very strong worldwide

Cons: Future of VW in india is a cause of concern,  Rest Best place to work with
Advice: Focus on the Future, VW is such an excellent brand, but if there are no products in the market, it will not work
Pros: Nice work life balance, Good Management, Caring approach, Excellent for the guys needs to learn operations of such complex company

Cons: working hours can be change from 8 to 6 it can be 9 to 6  but i know it is their company standard which they can not change.
Advice: None
Pros: facilities provided by the companies are very good they provide breakfast, lunch,coffee and bus service to their employees. and every other benefits and working environment are also good.

Cons: missing organization. missing respect from many high position executives with employees.
Advice: to eliminate the people that works with lies and focused only on his own career and not to company Goals.
Pros: empowerment, good salary, good benefits.

Cons: It is always important to have a good level of German, since that is the official language within the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful company! The possibilities to learn are endeless. Colleagues eager to help and guide. You will definetely be involved in exciting projects.

Cons: Sometimes can be a bit difficult to advance in the carrier due to hierarchy. There are a lot of people within the organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent training conditions, international opportunities arise offen. Good experience and interchange opportunities with other colleagues from different countries.

Cons: - long processes
- decision processes are long
Advice: None
Pros: - very structured and organized company
- very professional 
- good work environment
- friendly colleagues
- big company with a lot of opportunities
- good salary
- flexible hours

Cons: High management pressure
long working hours, Lack of employee retention policy, lack of employee elevation plan
Advice: None
Pros: Month end closing
know how to  convince the customer 
management  too Good
Secure Place and friendly
Can handle unsatisfied customer
Every day enjoyable day

Cons: Incompetent coworkers, especially employees that are sent from VW AG. Low salary, no perspective to transfere to Germany,
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting Work, large amount of responsibility, Travel, possibly to have direct involvement with other departments.

Cons: automobile
warranty 
product support 
technical trainer
Advice: good understanding
Pros: I like this job very much because it is my feeling and joy for me to be an product support technical trainer to save money to my company.

Cons: Need more improvement in the vehicle and error are coming in the vehicle
Advice: We work hard and effectively and we want as on the salery
Pros: The quality of work ,the maximum learning about the brand and features

Cons: Als Praktikant finde ich gar nicht.
Advice: Excellent Management.
Pros: Excellent Working Environment and Very NICE colleagues. I am Looking forward to work and learn more. Love you VW.

Cons: Long hours, emissions have totally buggered up sales but hey ho
Advice: Go on a few man management courses
Pros: Training,  upskills, wage, light and airy

Cons: Short term view on business, lots of politics and back stabbing to progress
Advice: Stop playing favourites
Pros: Car scheme, young staff, room to progress

Cons: Work and relaxation balance can be improved given the increase of new working standards
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and support by the management. Well organized team and highly skilled.

Cons: I did not learn a lot at the company
Advice: It is well managed.
Pros: people are really friendly to you.

Cons: Management team old and in conflict with new generations. Lack of investment in RRHH (not capacitation at all)
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, good compensation

Cons: Nothing I can  make out .. simply perfect
Advice: Nil
Pros: This   has been the Best time spent in the best  Company

Cons: Management is not taking right decisions for the growth of people within organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical organization and nice work environment , good exposure for newcomers

Cons: average pay, personal development slow
Advice: improve efficiency, less unnecessary process
Pros: big company, stable, legit and rather good employee benefits

Cons: I can't see any for now
Advice: Listen to the front line staff more
Pros: Great environment and collaborative teamwork.

Cons: Progress takes time, no fast track
Advice: keep the young talents motivated
Pros: Organized and structured - you learn a lot

Cons: Lack of interaction between areas.
Advice: Beware of excess bureaucracy.
Pros: Great company to work for, with good pay.

Cons: lacking of inclusiveness, silo, lack of new innovation, technology
Advice: none
Pros: Great Culture, Fair, Employee-Focused, Knowledge based, engaged

Cons: Take long time to grow in company
Advice: Give more opportunities to novices
Pros: Very stable and well paid

Cons: I can name any con, many long meetings
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly work environment and employees

Cons: Hours of work.
Holiday Availability.
Extremely competitive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good sales commission
Company Car
Friendly staff and management

Cons: Corporate management style, which can be limiting in terms of development.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of perks in the job.

Cons: atmosfere, pace, hecktic, help, cooperation
Advice: None
Pros: stable, good, exiting, intersting job

Cons: Nothing as such to mention
Advice: they are already wise
Pros: Good Place to work here

Cons: travel time takes so long.
Advice: flexible working time
Pros: Learn new things, develope my self

Cons: Bad work culture,no work life balance
Advice: Improve work culture
Pros: Good salaries,good infrastructure and facilities

Cons: to be serious AND manage employee
Advice: None
Pros: best for people love automative

Cons: Many responsibilities, work under pression
Advice: None
Pros: Time vacations, grow possibility and adquire experience

Cons: Slow career development, Small Career Opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Teamwork, Health insurance, Job Security

Cons: Timing issues, less work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work with.

Cons: communication could be better at times
Advice: None
Pros: forward thinking cutting edge manufacture

Cons: - Centralized decisions;
- Career with slowly evolution
Advice: None
Pros: - On time payments
- Good salaries

Cons: travel time takes so long.
Advice: flexible working time
Pros: Learn new things, develope my self

Cons: Minimum chances for carreer promotions
Advice: None
Pros: belonging to a global brand

Cons: Worktime, pressure, weekends work, conpetence
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, career, oportunitys, Salary, cars

Cons: Long hours and poor location
Advice: None
Pros: Great cars on offer for staff

Cons: high stressed and internal competition
Advice: None
Pros: good pay and bonus

Cons: No loyalty, HHRR seems to be run by trade unions rather than Management
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, state-of-the-art technolgy, global group, training and development
