Cons: Large company processes and politics from Germany.  This bogs the ERL of VW down and prevents us from being competitive in an extremely competitive environment.
Advice: Upper management can provide better direction and  do some of the creating and idea generation themselves.
Pros: The people that work here are great, and it is probably one of the lower stress and time commitment jobs in SV.

Cons: No appreciation for the real team player, always being watched , even after seeing and acknowledging that the job is being done better than expected. Favorites among the supervisors and employees.
Advice: Treat people according to their performance, not personality. Allow advancement, reward achievement, show understanding , and BE FAIR. Please, thank you.
Pros: Factory, fast paced team work. Incentive for being on time and at work every work day, and a on site workout spot.

Cons: Poor pay. Mid and lower level employees have been punished or let go due to high-level VW decisions like the diesel scandal. I left after the revelations of the diesel scandal broke because I did not want to work at a firm that intentionally lied to consumers and regulators for years. VW had the arrogance to use the slogan 'German Engineering' -- as if that meant something -- when in reality the engineering teams were cheating on emissions because they could not engineer better diesels.
Advice: Take full responsibility for 'Dieselgate' and don't take it out on your thousands of mid- and lower-level employees
Pros: Decent benefits and pleasant coworkers.

Cons: Everything. management did not give a dang about anyone else. if we had a problem that was causing work disruptions, they didnt do anything about it.
Advice: None
Pros: None. Except maybe we got lunch bought for us every Saturday. and free coffee, but thats literally it. nothing good i can say about this place.

Cons: hard to get promoted, not many innovation, too much procedures
Advice: cut some procedures, act quickly
Pros: fun work, good work life balance, marketing is strong

Cons: Politics, Limited resources, Work/Life Balance, Duplication of work,
Advice: None
Pros: Self Learning, Support from Peers, Salaries

Cons: Detail is a lot of work. Sometimes the bottom gets treated poorly.
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience if you want to work on cars or learn anything about cars.

Cons: Better communication for employees and Associates
Advice: None
Pros: I think I could be a very good asset for the company I've got a lot of experience in manufacturing

Cons: conflict between departments, no team working
Advice: None
Pros: colleagues are nice, some managers are really helpful

Cons: it is very nice at all.
Advice: None
Pros: people there are nice. can learn a lot.

Cons: too much work to do!
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people to work with!

Cons: There were some areas that needed to aggresively needed to be worked out...
Advice: Promote more within the company
Pros: excellent employer to work with.

Cons: LONG HOURS
COMPLETELY COMMISSION BASED
DISHONEST PRACTICES
Advice: None
Pros: can be decent money if you're good at prospecting

Cons: Will not be given any meaningful work or work at all. Most of the day in spent day dreaming. HR  and payroll is not transparent at all and attempts to conceal information from you. Extremely boring and worthless internship unless, you want to experience living in Japan. Almost all other interns will be people that major in  Asian Studies  with no knowledge on Business or Economics/the automotive industry. No "native" English speakers, most employees 98% of employees are either German or Japanese. So, if your Japanese is not very good, it will be a difficult experience. Toyohashi is an extremely boring part of Japan and if given the option, goto Tokyo. Although, your salary will not go very far in Tokyo. It will be 100% better than frequenting the same 3 bars that close at 11pm every weekend.
Advice: Don't needlessly hire interns. If there isn't a project or assignments for them, don't hire them.
Pros: Get to live in Japan
Respectful Colleges
Job offer likely with successful internship
No drug test
Paid(Most internships in Japan are unpaid or extremely low-paid compared)
They will find you housing if you work/live in Toyohashi.

Cons: The company desperately wants to grow at all costs ....at all costs! The attitude is that anything is able to be overcome with money and that means all resources are funnelled into paying for discounting cars or pushing more and more equipment into them to make them appealing enough to overcome buyer resistance to issues that are surfacing about quality and reliability. Staff turnover is high in some departments due to very poor management.
Advice: Dont pretend to care about your customers or staff, actually care enough and respect that they are valuable. Selling more cars is not going to solve the problems in the brand or at the dealerships.
Pros: Really good products and people who are completely committed to the brand despite not all being well below the surface.
Good pay and conditions but terrible location.

Cons: New in Indian market. Slow decision making. More process orientation sometimes brings with it less flexibility. Need to align HR standards in line with Indian corporates.
Advice: Fast decision making. Decentralized decision making. Keep going strive for excellence.quality which is core of our group makes us very proud.
Pros: Very structured and organized company. Process and system oriented.  Always strives quality& excellence. Focused towards bringing more & more transparency. Employee friendly company.

Cons: Too structured organisation and very difficult to get in to. Moreover the organisational structure does not allow for new ideas, it is very stuck up. In the marketing department, tasks are usually outsourced.
Advice: Be more open towards new ideas.
Pros: Very good pay. as an enrolled student you (if the internship is obligatory) you get 600€ there tax free, because the internship is obligatory. after 3 months you can get a raise to up to 800€ a month.

Cons: - No natural progression, apply for promotion. They give the impression they care about your development but really they care about very few.
- MK location
Advice: To care more about your employees, and focus on not blindsiding them with new plans. They are also toxic people in the business who management should be dealing with better.
Pros: There is a good Company Car Scheme, you get a new car for family and friends every 6 months. It is a good workplace where you work with intelligent colleagues.

Cons: It is purely people driven organisation. 
There is huge discrimination between salaries of employees of similar grade or position. Favouritism is quite prevailing. 
No standards to merit employee's performance. 
Processes of appraisal are just for sake, nobody follows it. 
Management does not take care of performers.
Advice: .
Pros: Good work-life balance is maintained. 
Nice pay packages are offered. 
Nice working atmosphere. 
Employee benefits are good. 
Employee feels no burden.

Cons: The Mangement has no vision at all. Promotions are more based on coffee talk than performance and knowledge. You have to be "visible" was often heard. It is part of the game but if those people take the leaed it is understandable why the company falls behind in new technologies
Advice: Change your culture and allow innovation
Pros: Work-Life-Balance

35h working week and 30d vacation are very good for someone who enjoys freedom.

Cons: Sometimes would run out of stuff to do, would occasionally get angry phone calls from unsatisfied customers but most were understanding and pleasant.
Advice: Improve your filing structure for us receptionist... our location had a mess of a system that was sometimes a pain to sort through.
Pros: Amazing coworkers, not too demanding of work, good training.

Cons: Local employees are underestimated. Limited opportunities for growing and promoting. Benefits could be better for that amount of work, that people perform here.
Advice: I would advice management to care more about their employees. To motivate them and give more opportunities to develop themselves.
Pros: Interesting work for a world famous car-manufacturer. Good multicultural experience. Good place for a career beginning.

Cons: Medium innovative products, limited development opportunities, strict hierarchies, too bureaucratic, German is main business language, Joint Venture partnership and therefore limited on the Chinese market
Advice: None
Pros: Fair salary, a lot of training opportunities, dynamic and young workforce, sports activities and good benefit scheme, diverse range of representative companies nation and world wide

Cons: as the HR fresher best organization to learn but as you grow for career you got to learn just one area of HR field and not the other because for every work one specialized person is assigned
Advice: keep the good work going
Pros: best Management with in the organzation

Cons: Work kind of stays stagnant for a bit and there is little room for advancement
Advice: To allow employees to rotate around department more often and be involved in every aspect
Pros: There is a lot of ownership to the projects you're working on, and you learn about the relevant job scope pretty quickly because of this

Cons: Third class management
No strong will in the management to even deal with vendors
PMs are like taunting machine
Now they are even increasing the goal %age to 110.
Please please never join this company.
No faith in resource, they always think that resource is wrong.
Advice: Please atleast have some courage to deal with vendors.
Stop being a taunting machine.
Have faith in your resources.
Pros: I guess there are no pros besides them providing food for breakfast and lunch

Cons: - Lack of opportunities to grow.  Career opportunities are not based on merit
- Lack of incentive to people develop skills
- Lots of demotivated employees
- Inefficient corporation as a whole
Advice: - Start valuing performance
Pros: - Good people
- Product quality is impressive
- Job stability
- Great network

Cons: slow learning curve, overall comfortable environment unable fast career path. The time to get a promotion is somehow very long. Employee has to undergo assessment center to promote to management
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment, flexible working hours, overall good compensation & beneftis

Cons: Manager left and other manager making things different starting off with making staff redundant
Advice: Stop making people redundant with using poor reasons
Pros: Great colleagues, easy to learn and have fun aswell as doing your job at the level your expected

Cons: There are almost 10 000 employees in VW's Emden factory, which means that they're busy and interns may be forgotten sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: If someone wants to understand how a leading industrial organisation works this is a perfect place to start.

Cons: Location is Wolfsburg - not an interesting place to live.
Advice: -
Pros: Very friendly environment. Good Work Life Balance. Hands on mentality. One of the best employers in the automotive industry.

Cons: They don´t have a clear trainning program. Well, However, it depends of place where you work
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company, well knowed where you can undertand how a big company usually works.

Cons: Shift Timings are more as compared to other IT
More Paperwork
No Automation
Advice: More interactive Management
Motivation to employees
Pros: Frequent Onsite Interaction with Users
Employee Friendly Policies

Cons: no opportunity no challenge no real development
Advice: give the opportunities to young people instead of believing in only working years.
Pros: Stable, well paid, work life balance

Cons: Bad to own. So many issues with quality of parts
Advice: None
Pros: Fun to drive and good to look at. Good technology

Cons: very bad internal politics in the company
Advice: Control internal politics and some good facilities to employees
Pros: we can reach to direct top management.

Cons: Declining industry and shrinking car market size in HK.
Advice: Look into customer true needs and future trend.
Pros: MNC
Nice package
Opportunity to transfer to other markets

Cons: - politics at management & HOD level
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Company
- People are helpful & ready to share information

Cons: You'll work 24/7 if needed
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible employer and a good place to work.

Cons: Nothing as such to mention.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the worlds largest company to work for. Great work atmosphere. Good pay.

Cons: Apparent red tape and contrast in management
Advice: Let your capable employees design new solutions.
Pros: great company, great people, fantastic opportunities.

Cons: Slow decision making by mgmt.
Advice: Speed up decision making system. Decentralize complete system.
Pros: Good work environment. Respect fr people.

Cons: Should be more flexible
Advice: Great management
Pros: Best company to work with

Cons: company is too big and benefits are low
Advice: none
Pros: nice place to work. Work is very interesting and diverse

Cons: do not have such cons if finds try to solve it
Advice: None
Pros: ability to work in any condition

Cons: long hours, brutal head office
Advice: Respect employees
Pros: cars, can get help to learn German

Cons: No good Mentors, stipend Should be more
Advice: None
Pros: Great Exposure, Good Team, Great Project

Cons: Quite low wage for that type of position
Advice: None
Pros: One of the biggest car manufacturers

Cons: long hours, brutal head office
Advice: Respect employees
Pros: cars, can get help to learn German

Cons: work Pressure, Deadlines, Flexible timing
Advice: None
Pros: Perfect MNC culture, good growth, Good salary

Cons: Career opportunities are poor and not flexible
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits 
Great people to work
Good work

Cons: ot good for freshers, less experienced
Advice: None
Pros: Its good for experinced resources

Cons: Bureaucratic, highly hierarchical, hardly opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, top 3 Brands, world relationship

Cons: Diesel gate,language barriers,can have better operations.
Advice: good
Pros: good work environment,management etc good gender diversity.

Cons: Focus in diferent countries that need to be improved
Advice: None
Pros: Big multinacional of automotive segment

Cons: Mid range salaries 
Under resourced 
Bad processes
Advice: None
Pros: CSR
Health Insurance 
Company Car 
Training

Cons: Working hours dealera priclist and
Advice: None
Pros: Cars innovation technology das auto

Cons: Management can be quite inflexible.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of learning opportunities.

Cons: Office timings ,No other cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good Projects to work,
Approachable management
