Cons: Terrible hours. HIGHLY QUESTIONABLE LEADERSHIP. Stohlman service managers create a hostile work environment and verbally assault their employees (LAWSUIT TIME-BOMB). Cost-cutting and profit-bloating rampant. They hire and fire weekly. I remember constantly training new hires, only to watch them leave a few months, or weeks, later. My schedule changed on average every 6 weeks, etc, etc, etc....
Advice: Mrs. Stohlman, Mr. Reznek,
I advise you audit your service department. I implore you to create a better environment for your service employees.
I have used Stohlman Automotive as a good example of a bad example, in my own business endeavors and discussions. My experience with Stohlman Automotive engraved in me memories of the worst work environment I have ever had. How many more of me are there?
Also, use your product ;)
-Anyone who has worked for you
Pros: Wonderful sales staff, advisors and technicians. My coworkers were my friends. Good benefits. Great location.

Cons: Extremely difficult to get time off, especially on weekends - also mandatory long shifts such as at least one 12 hour day per week, no overtime, and commissions may be based on surveys from sales and service customers. Also, Volkswagen currently does not have a 3rd row vehicle, and they typically are a more expensive vehicle with less features than most competitors
Advice: Better hours and more flexibility for time off - sales reps gets stressed out from long days, long weeks, and extremely little time off
Pros: Volkswagen offers a high - quality product with a fantastic variety of turbo-diesel and turbo-gas vehicles, including the awesome SportWagen. VW also has a great offering for manual transmissions.

Cons: I was advised I would be able to move through positions quickly and increase my rate as I went. I am now in my third position and my rate has not increased at all.
Advice: Be more up front about the opportunities that are available to the worker.
Pros: The people are fantastic to work with and the company is genuine in its caring for the customer.

Cons: Not a very good work life balance.
Advice: Look beyond what employee tells you in interview to determine who is/is not prmotanle. Too many people know what to say that cannot back up with their actions.
Pros: Great pay and benefits. Loved with with the advanced technology.

Cons: horrible work hours flipping back an forth from days to nites
Advice: None
Pros: competitive wages and has good benefits

Cons: Schedule. Buddy system is how promotions occur.
Advice: Micr managing doesn't work
Pros: Benefits are pretty good. Pay is above average for area

Cons: No career advance, felt stuck
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: Unfortunately i would say that the hiring policy is very strict and depends on your top managers if they heard about you. Work hard and might have a change to be rewarded, knowing that a recommendation from the top managment in Volkswagen group is worth a lot if you apoly somwhere else.
Advice: Keep up the good job and the management you are following. It not uncommon to meet the president of the company and naturally says hi to you because he trully value his employees from interns to top management.
Pros: As your managers are all seniors they are just an awesome source of knowledge and inspiration. I think the management used in Volkswagen by some managers is just brillant as they try to put you at the best of your performance. you will participate all the travels and most the car dealer network visits and these kind of things. Today I can say that I gained in maturity and changed a part of how I was working. Also the end of the months is an exciting moment to live in the automotive industry.

Cons: Few opportunities of promotion. Men have advantage over women. As they have more employees than needed and no threats in the company, some professionals do not contribute while others work hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company in a still growing market in LA, it is not a company who threats the employees. More associates in Brazil than needed, the work is not ver hard to everybody. Good salaries and defined time work. Invest in Marketing and Advertising.

Cons: Lack of focus from HQ.
Currently no new projects.
No coordination between departments .
Advice: Get some projects for India
Pros: One of the few manufacturing companies having 5 days working.
Great systems. Well connected to all the VW plants in the world.

Cons: Low career development path; not good for new people
Advice: None
Pros: Low work load so that you can have good work-life balance

Cons: excessive hours, takes 2 years to promote people after they join according to policy, food sucks
Advice: fairness in pay and promotion
Pros: good work culture, friendly people around, robust systems and processes

Cons: Not much room to grow
Advice: If people can't advance in their career, they should get an increase in their salary
Pros: Good salary,good Medical/dental, recognized employer Group

Cons: poor corporate culture, never say well done or thank you
Advice: walk the cultural talk
Pros: stretching tasks, learning and development opportunities, international experience

Cons: Almost everything is alright but not a pay master.
Advice: None
Pros: Biggest brand name in Auto industry

Cons: I have no Cons to discuss at this point.
Advice: None
Pros: Corporate staff are down to earth.

Cons: I have no Cons to discuss at this point.
Advice: None
Pros: Corporate staff are down to earth.

Cons: Mechanical Fields, Automobiles Industries, Clean & Disaplain
Advice: Good Industry
Pros: Automobiles Industry, Likes Vehicles, Engines
