Cons: The Volkswagen India plant is although a high tech plant but it still is a manual plant and does not have the latest technology in use for production.
Advice: Investment in new equipment will greatly boost production figures. Developing products according to the market you are targetting will go a long way in increasing the brand value.
Pros: One of the best automotive industries with very high production figures. High tech equipment and a lot to learn. Especially about process design and optimization.

Cons: The culture is very hierarchal and the management does not plan strategically at all. We have foreign managers in every two to three years, so there is no consistency or organizational investment. They are usually out for themselves and their next promotion. Also, the morale is poor because our hourly employees work a ton of overtime. Also, it is a bus driver environment, where folks will run you over and back the bus up.
Advice: Stop band-aiding issues and figure out the root cause. At executive level management--Let an American lead the company and give them freedom. Also, appreciate innovative ideas--and stop making last minute decisions. Management needs to encourage others to take accountability and ownership of mistakes. Also, be open to change.
Pros: Volkswagen pays very well and the bonus is pretty awesome. My management is very good, but is the rarity within the organization. Volkswagen offers many training and development opportunities.

Cons: It’s really on you to rotate or develop.  Heath insurance is not great (high deductible plan).
Advice: Career path for employees.
Pros: Positive culture, like to celebrate their employees.  Great work perks (summer hours, good bonus structure, competitive pay).

Cons: Executive management is top heavy, considering size of organization.
Advice: None
Pros: Lean organization, fulfill multiple roles; excellent environment for managing talent.

Cons: Most of the work is routine and there is not much innovative problem-solving.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot to learn for beginners.

Cons: Management. Co-workers. No work life balance. Dont pay enough. Only cares about cars being produced.
Advice: If Volkswagen don't care about the small guy then I know they don't care for you.
Pros: Good if you need money real fast. Benefits are great

Cons: Completely white male dominated and no upward mobility
Advice: diversity is not a dirty word
Pros: Friendly staff and good hours

Cons: Insufficient resources and management superiority
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule and friendly coworkers

Cons: They don't always treat people how they should.
Advice: None
Pros: Virtually do nothing each shift.

Cons: just too crowded, traditional industry
Advice: None
Pros: large standard company, complete workflow

Cons: Like isolated region, top management seems arrogant for Local people, making business plans for his own career, selfishness. Connection between HQ and korea is not communicated very well, I don’t know why. We need secret inspectors to review all directors of NSC. They don’t see long term strategy but see short term plans for his personal career.
Advice: Because of your(top management) political arguments in Korea, local people are getting loose strong motivation to work and to see further actions. Hello VW HQ!! Please send us inspectors and re-check the organization. As long as I see, local people want to do for their future and everything. Please set this organization for more healthy and futuristic.
Pros: Usual benefit programs. Name value from brand power.

Cons: Unfortunately they have a big problem with blame culture, people spend a lot of time trying to cover themselves instead of collaborate or work . The company is slightly behind compared to other large corporations, no working from home or flexibility culture. It’s up to the managers to decide how their team work. Some perceive that as too modern.
Advice: Let’s move to the 21st century, listen to the employees’ feedback.  I think you are trying but there is much more to do.
Pros: Fantastic car scheme, excellent professionals.

Cons: There are some pockets of management that do not follow company values and frankly, should not be there. Beware of the occasional snake.
Advice: Find dissenters and remove them to retain the best people.
Pros: I worked at VWG UK for nearly 5 years. Most people I came across were friendly, helpful and competent. Overall my experience of the company was a positive one. Good benefits.

Cons: Volkswagen is a place where they try to create rules to make work efficient and fair for everyone, but the truth is these rules are only applied to certain people.

For example, there is a rule that 2 people with the same education and work experience should not be paid differently. 

There is another rule that sets payment levels (tariff groups) for people based on experience and education.

There is a third "rule" not written anywhere but enforced by HR when they find convenient that says people cannot be promoted more than 2 tariffs up.

Sounds all fair, but now, if you told HR that you were getting a salary of X which happens to be way lower than you would get at VW with the same experience and education. They will offer you less than they should, you accept, fair enough, not their fault you don't know better.

You get hired, you are already making less money than people with the same education and experience and thus there is a rule being broken. Then you ask for a raise to put yourself on the same levels of your colleagues, they say no because you can't be "promoted" many tariffs like that. But it is not a promotion as according to the tariff group that is exactly what you should be paid in the first place.

Would be great if would stop there. Let's say you have a friend in high places at Volkswagen and you don't have the education nor the experience to ask for a high salary. Still, you ask for a category (salary) that is meant for someone with at least 6 years more experience than you have. In general, HR would say no to this kind of request but as you came from internal and very important recommendation you get the salary that is not meant for you.

Now you are breaking 2 rules, where you make more money than people more experience and having a category not meant for you, just because of nepotism.

To make things even worse, Volkswagen pays way less to women than men.
Advice: Managemen at Volkswagen is the reason why the company is such much behind innovation. Old managers, with old mentality and old ways of doing business and managing.
Pros: Good name on your CV and not much pressure. If you are the kind of person that doesn’t care about your work, that is the place for you. If you do care about doing something meaningful, that is unlikely the place.

Cons: There is not a defined plan for employees' growth and development,
Advice: Develop a plan to coordinate and match both employees' and company's expectations.
Pros: The whole company structure gives employees the freedom to learn from any field, regardless of their area of employment which enriches the overall understanding of operations, it all depends on proactivity.

Cons: Regional dominance, instable production,bad canteen food, bad behavior of people on high poistion, company's policy for indian market
Advice: Need to rethink strategy for Indian market, maintaining class with some better design and features to the car on time in comparison to the competitor in market
Pros: Culture of the company, process,quality of cars,safety,facility's

Cons: - Outdated technology to run business (i.e. old computers, they need to print every single page to keep record, restricted internet, restricted cell-phone signal)
- Huge company and few cars to walk around it
- It is like working in the 60's because of the macho culture and the strong "Boss only gives orders and you better obey" culture.
- Toxic environment for LBGT community
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong sense of community between co-workers
- Many opportunities to grow inside the company and change areas
- Opportunities to live abroad are hard to get but they happen

Cons: Blame culture is everywhere. Feeling of being undervalued. Work from home scheme is almost non-existent.
Advice: Although you listen to our feedback, try and implement more of our recommendations.
Pros: Company car scheme is unparalleled.  Looked after well. Application process was fantastic.

Cons: - working hours (a lot of overtime)
- big gap between people working by agencies and directly by VWP
- it is hard to get contract directly by VW
Advice: None
Pros: - Salaries and bonuses system
- well strucrured working system
- everything has its place
- friendly environment

Cons: Emissions, high pressure, only as good as your last month
Advice: Start hiring people into management who have an education and good people management skills in your retail sites.
Pros: Great brand with one of the largest global market shares

Cons: No Cons only Pros....You work hard and be honest. They will take car of you.
Advice: Non
Pros: Very employee friendly, transparent, Career oriented. Best place to work if you have zeal to work hard.

Cons: Supervisors tend to feel threatened by young engineers, so they are not really helpful when it comes to mentoring.
Advice: None
Pros: As an engineer, you get a lot of exposure to high end machinery.

Cons: Management direction, little interest in the individual , just getting the job done
Advice: None
Pros: Cars given to all staff plus lease cars for family (up to 3 in total), pension, holidays, other staff normally long serving so built so good friendships

Cons: The working environment has a lot of politics involved and never let people grow
Advice: HR policies should be revamped. Should have a good feedback mechanism.
Pros: The overall package is good and well-equipped factory provides a great learning.

Cons: - there's not meritocrazy
- top managment
Advice: Support the best people and who is frined of a friend or able to lick your a...
Pros: - Cars quality
- Salary not so bad
- Benefits

Cons: None of the downsides at my former employment
Advice: None
Pros: I was trained as a Toolmaker, Excellent Company, Best when it comes to Training

Cons: Different working shifts. Long working hours.
Advice: Individual opinions matter.
Pros: It's a competitive industry that offers a lot of opportunities. There is always something new to learn.

Cons: No R&amp; D in India
Advice: Try to do all the work
Pros: Good for pay and disciplined company

Cons: some work output is not suitable for China environment.
Advice: do more research on loan and IT in China
Pros: the company provide good trainings

Cons: Too much of Politics in the office
Advice: None
Pros: I got support from management

Cons: salary low promotion strategy not encpuraging
Advice: need to adapt to indian conditions of employment
Pros: Unique global atndards and less local practices

Cons: A little less focus on process adherence.
Advice: None
Pros: Brand image and proud of being associated with one safest car manufacturing company.

Cons: Slow pace of upward mobility
Advice: Involvement of employees and constant communication
Pros: It's the good company to work for

Cons: A lor of time to grow in the company, few promotions, and culture
Advice: None
Pros: Relationships, expertise, and logistics knowledge

Cons: not the best treatment for the employees working in the production lines
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to work and very good pay

Cons: Long hours, stretch targets are difficult to reach
Advice: BE MORE INVOLVED
Pros: Company trusts you to manage your department

Cons: Big company, so a bit slow in implementing change
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed most things, great learning curve

Cons: no development opportunities for employees
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit package,  stable and no change

Cons: office politics and pay scale is poor
Advice: should encourage internal talent to retain employees
Pros: exposure and brand knowledge in the company

Cons: not very dynamic, not particularly appealing to young generation
Advice: implement a more dynamic work ethic
Pros: benefits, food, working hours &amp; structure

Cons: More market share yet to be attained in India
Advice: None
Pros: Working culture, MNC, Process and policies

Cons: So, many changes in hirarchy
Advice: Growth plan of existing people
Pros: Work life balance is appreciated

Cons: Lot of pressure  as last minute changes
Advice: Need many more cars
Pros: Good Learning experience and growth

Cons: Not really any cons at this workplace.
Advice: None
Pros: very good and supportive culture with out of office events

Cons: Not a clear follow of work
Advice: Don't partially treat labour
Pros: Good communication with higher officials

Cons: Operating with plenty of unknowns and uncertainties.
Advice: None
Pros: Steep learning curve with exposure to OEM operations.

Cons: I like this company a lot, no cons
Advice: None
Pros: nice culture, nice pay, nice work

Cons: Commission based salary makes it hard to make a living
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly co workers, easy work, schedule varies

Cons: I like this company a lot, no cons
Advice: None
Pros: nice culture, nice pay, nice work

Cons: work /life is not balance
Advice: None
Pros: rewarding pay 
short time of training is need

Cons: Nothing to say, very nice
Advice: None
Pros: Great place, huge responsibility, lots to learn

Cons: Market share is low in domestic market
Advice: None
Pros: It is World's largest car manufacturer

Cons: No communication, no explanation, just do as told!
Advice: None
Pros: Kantine but nothing else unfortunately.

Cons: Unnecessary Bureaucracy here and there
Advice: None
Pros: Self responsible working, new project encouraged

Cons: unstable top management, poor HR
Advice: None
Pros: employee friendly policies and perks

Cons: not so good to live
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work and development

Cons: workload was unmanagable at times.
long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
company benefits
company car

Cons: less salary, difficult for further development
Advice: None
Pros: good working atmosphere, multi-culture

Cons: unstable top management ,less transparency
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture and environment

Cons: Salary is below industry standards
Advice: None
Pros: Very good place to work

Cons: Old school company, slow process
Advice: None
Pros: Stability, Payment on right day

Cons: Terrible work culture and location
Advice: None
Pros: Nice car to drive

Cons: No work life balance , pressure is high
Advice: No work life balance , pressurise more
Pros: Nothing to say , good benifts for team members

Cons: 100% commission, poor management, unorganized...
Advice: Get a better handle on what vehicles cost
Pros: Get to drive cool cars

Cons: Dreadful Culture, the company is completely under resourced
Advice: None
Pros: Good company Cars across all brands
