Cons: The cons are most definitely the famine months of the winter.  Industry slows down, people drive less, and you get fewer cars in for repairs.  The dealership does nothing to mitigate this famine for the technician, because you are flat-rate.
Advice: Pay your techs better, they haven't gotten a raise (industry wide) since the 80's, but you require four times as much from them.
Pros: Working in the automotive field is not gravy by any measure.  There is a lot asked from the technician, and a lot of responsibility placed on his shoulders.  Volkswagen, pays slightly more than other brands, and the continuity between dealerships is pretty good.  Just be ready for a lot of feast or famine scenarios.

Cons: Office space is lacking.  You share desks with other people.
Advice: Actually a pretty good management team.  They seem to care what you have to say and tend to take advice.  Keep on keeping on.
Pros: The dealership has many different jobs available at any given time.  I have been with them 4 years and have truly enjoyed working for them.  They also have the best ever Christmas Parties!!!!  Lunch is also provided on Saturday if you are scheduled to work.  Sales people also recently went to a salary plus bonus program, it makes life so much easier not to only work of commissions.

Cons: There is favoritism from management.  There are cliques. Pay is low regardless of the effort and time you put in. There is no upward mobility. Language is crass. Management doesn't know how to manage . Management is constantly hiring unqualified people who they promote before existing staff. And work hours are terrible. If you have no life outside of work then this place is perfect.
Advice: Invest more time training existing staff and providing more opportunities to grow. And throw all personal favoritism out the window
Pros: They try to work with your schedule. The building is state of the art. The customers are such lovers of vw they make your day.

Cons: It is a very traditional company with high hierarchies. A lot of interns are hired, more than I've ever seen in any other company before. Also their wages were below what I have experienced at other companies and not many of the interns are actually hired after their internship.
Advice: None
Pros: If you're passionate about cars, then that's one of the companies to go to. You might get an opportunity to improve or change future cars. They take care of the workers rights, like a regulated working week and enough holidays. My tasks were interesting and I was challenged, so I have learned a lot when I left the company.

Cons: As a German company it seems they only hire germans for high tier positions even in North American operations, unrealistic goals at times, there is a sort of 'drink the koolaid' cult vibe with some of the more extreme VW enthusiasts that work there, during the soccer world cup no work gets done as everyone is too busy watching the game in the break room
Advice: Get realistic goals, avoid putting your employees down in meetings and other than all of that just go ahead and keep up the good work.
Pros: Easy hours, decent pay, managers are knowledgable to some extent, very good work environment

Cons: Usually have to be willing to move for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work hours.  Very lean company that allows you to interact with all levels of management, including CEO

Cons: i had a convincing ability, also i am a good lister , so every Customer becomes satisfied with my Works
Advice: None
Pros: i had an experience of 4 years, as a Service Adviser , also i won the challenge of Star-adviser i 2014 , in Volkswagen ahmedabad.

Cons: a little more emphasis is given on quality, quality week etc.
Advice: The extra money spent in sending out quality messages can be utilized for something else
Pros: New/ advanced technology, every employee is treated as same, wide exposure to different fields, encouragement is provided to employee, interesting events are organized to keep employees engaged.

Cons: It is not easy to work on the most important core technology of the company.
I guess the hot projects are taken by the Germany side.
Advice: None
Pros: very friendly work environment. good benefit such as 401k, car leasing program, employee discount on new car purchase, good training program. Most people are young and energetic.

Cons: Management of warranty is abusive, and there are no advancement opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Other departments seem better, and direct employees are treated better.

Cons: You don't have much free-time
Advice: None
Pros: You can make a lot of money if you have the excitement and drive

Cons: Room for quick growth is limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to learn customer service and sales skills along with business acumen.

Cons: Location is not ideal and office is very small.
Advice: Need more team building activities
Pros: Very professional environment and nice atmosphere.

Cons: Very fast-paced industry. If you are not able to adapt quickly to next places that is not your site.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice atmosphere
People care about my opinion and a great place where to lawn a career

Cons: I really hate the layoffs
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to have great benefits

Cons: This place is a sick, unhealthy place to work. There is no company culture left.
Advice: Stop it! You've ruined a good place. McNabb, Barnes and he Region Directors should all go!
Pros: Salary is competitive to good.

Cons: Most upper management have no people skills only book smart.
Advice: Treat your workers as people not numbers.
Pros: Nice facility.  Free coffee.  Good cafeteria.

Cons: Hours, No vacation time, management at the time was awful
Advice: None
Pros: Work was easy, night shift barely anything to do

Cons: In some departments you are seen purely as a mean to get work done. Most often the human aspect is set aside.
Advice: Praising to maintain a policy of equality doesn't just mean stating it on you websites, it also means internalizing and incorporating it to all departments and devisions.
Pros: Great salary and unbeatable working hours. The work live balance is will not be harmed, except if it comes to three shift work.

Cons: The location is not perfect as it is located 40Km south of Lisbon. Can generate the feeling of being in a prision if you work there too long.
Advice: Keep up with the spirit of team work. Increase the hiring of young people to create the inovation spirit and allow generation knoledge transfer
Pros: Fantastic for new Engineers. Good team work. Very well organized and comunicates very well with employees. POssibility to learn German

Cons: Insufficient management diversity, need for higher  comercial and sales orientation, not strong enough in marketing, poor performance in USA market, strugglingh with SEAT, very high fixed costs, too many number of Brands
Advice: More orientation to customer experience, more focus in marketing, review of structural costs, skip Brands with insufficient performance, more diversity in management including more nacionalities apart from German
Pros: Many successfull brands in the group, great product development, worlwide sales leader, extremely high market share in Europe, Latam and China, good geographic balance, outstanding financial results, high stock market capitalization

Cons: Terrible development
Awful HR
Management promise jobs to people before they are on the advertised wasting others time at interview
IF your face fits you will be fine, or a woman who entertains her male "boss"
Advice: Managing Directors need to watch the management below them as they truly are running a muck!
Pros: The only positive of this coming are the benefits such as onsite physio, but they use these benefits to cover up the fact they are terrible employers.

Cons: Bureaucratic, too much emphasis placed on processes, although employee car ownership scheme is an exceptional benefit you aren't always guaranteed the vehicle you want yet you must still pay the same amount. Also employees on starting salaries must pay the same as Directors for their vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere, amazing benefits, opportunities to move around the brands and functions, iconic brands and talented colleagues

Cons: Gender bias, Lacks transparency in work
Advice: Should provide career opportunities even to girls while accepting that they are no less capable and qualified than a man
Pros: Supportive work culture, Good place to learn while interacting with some of the finest and talented people of industry

Cons: It was incredibly bureaucratic and a very slow moving corporation. Change was generally not welcome and it operated much like a government.
Advice: None
Pros: The cars are truly fantastic and working in Germany was a great experience. It was very interesting to learn how a huge corporation like Volkswagen AG operates.

Cons: If you are not German, run away from it. There is a very old mentality there, non Germans cannot evolve in their carreer. There is a lot of people coming to VW from all over the World, and then literally running away after a few years, once they realize how racist and German-oriented is the company.
Advice: Do something for internationalization. After many years working there as non German, the mentality seems more like a landside farm then an Company willing to lead the Automotive domain worldwide
Pros: Perfect for Germans. Higher salary than the average

Cons: Communication flow to all levels
Advice: In some instances to apply the communication flow to all colleagues.
Pros: Corporate and professional, good work-life balance, opportunities to grow, clear company values

Cons: Huge charge, everyone works more Than 8 hours a day
Advice: The y should encourage tema work and asign aperitivo task to ea y member. Focus on the new employees.
Pros: High tema Performance and team work across units.

Cons: No good research and development. Job mainly focused on productivity and not research.
Advice: Awesome Management everywhere. Couldn't have been better
Pros: Great Food, Big company, lots to learn in production and Motorsports.

Cons: Improve the keys and quality and minimize the cases of repeat repair
Advice: Keep looking for the best results
Pros: Managing people and time to achieve the target and css

Cons: No compromise when it comes to quality.
Advice: Good Management
Pros: Global Automotive manufacturing organization. Very Good Process & systems.

Cons: Not a lot of investment in interns
Pay is awful
Advice: Interns are potential future employees, so invest in teaching them more.
Pros: A lot of perks come with the job
Good people

Cons: Dealership level management isn't too good. Needs more people that care bout its employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Brand. Great Training. A lot of opportunity to move in the VW company.

Cons: A bit bureaucratic. Projects takes long time to get approved.
Advice: None
Pros: Well established company and brands in China, which makes work much easier to proceed.

Cons: - Work / life balance
- Bad planification
- Unequal workloads
Advice: None
Pros: - Good working environment
- Challenging environment
- Good and experienced colleagues
- Interesting business sector

Cons: Heavy Enviroment of production area
Advice: Oportunities to travel worldwide and improve the production area
Pros: Good Salary and development, you can learn top world methodologies

Cons: Respect to Ideas, Nothing as such
Advice: Work Hard as a new IT Office
Pros: Environment, Freedom, Exploration, Services, Breakfast, Lunch, Transport

Cons: No parallel growth , Senior Management close group
Advice: be more open to employees
Pros: good work culture and work life balance

Cons: Promtions and salary increase fixed
Advice: Appreciate tour personal
Pros: Good perks, job garantee, good learning experience

Cons: low salary
Rigidity in organization make employee isolated
Advice: Give salary as per industry standards
Pros: Good for Learning
High motivation standards

Cons: Bad management with bosses on short term assignment
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great brand

Cons: + tto much work by the deadline
Advice: None
Pros: + good enviroment, health insurance

Cons: not getting paid on time
no proper increament
Advice: None
Pros: very cool environment.
no much workload.
better understanding between people

Cons: low benefits and low salary. Don't treat as an intern
Advice: None
Pros: nice environment and work culture

Cons: Decisions are very long, take too much time. Extremely hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: Worldwide know company. High technology

Cons: Salary not up to mark
Advice: ...
Pros: 5 days working, work life balance

Cons: Very less scope of development
Repetitive Task
Advice: None
Pros: Good Working Environment
Good Food
Get to understand the German culture

Cons: Minimal Politics and favoritism is there
Advice: None
Pros: Big company. New setup is there

Cons: Has to deal with legacy 3rd parties
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse tech stack, smart colegues.

Cons: bureacratic and slow environment
no merithocracy
accomm
Advice: None
Pros: stability
global company
internal mobility
salaries above market level

Cons: Difficult access to Top Management,
Advice: None
Pros: Trainning, competitive salaries and bonus,

Cons: no communication
no structure
no idea what they want
Advice: have some vision
Pros: dumb staff
cheap food
work for 5 months without anyone knowing what you are doing

Cons: lots of politics
restrictive work conditions
Advice: None
Pros: good interview experience
got to test my potential
