Cons: Poor management, not enough communication with employees, pay scale needs to be higher to be competitive with other automotive manufacturing companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Indoor climate controlled work
Interesting process/work

Cons: Managers from engines now managers in electrification with old mindset/no background
Advice: Change or you need to be changed
Pros: Work/Life balance is very good

Cons: None that I'm aware of in my line of work
Advice: keep it up
Pros: Great Place To Work. Highly Approve

Cons: Process Engineering department is run very poorly with incredibly high turn over. Process engineers are expected to work longer hours than other departments with little regard for work/life balance. You will always be behind on one project or the next and goals are purposely set to be unachievable. Communication with management is very poor. In my person experience, I was fired without warning, negative review or any performance improvement program. There is no formal training program so expect "trial by fire" approach. Process engineers are expected to work on the assembly line when production is short staffed (this is not a requirement for other engineering departments). Expect an earful of cringe motivational quotes from Christophe daily ("SUCCESS") and get on your knees for Harry or you'll end up unemployed like me.
Advice: If a department has gone through 20+ engineers in 3 years then the problem isn't the engineers. Check your turnover rate vs. other engineering departments and open your eyes.
Pros: Coworkers are awesome and friendly.

Cons: They don’t really care about there employees. To me once the Americans took over they changed it from the Sweden culture. Management it awful!
Advice: The Volvo cars in the United States needs to be taken back over by Sweden!
Pros: Love my fellow team members I work with!

Cons: poor leadership, chasing moving targets, poor work life balance, firefighting issues constantly, inconsistent bonuses, sketchy hiring practices
Advice: hire and promote qualified people. Appropriately staff your teams so they are not over worked
Pros: great vacation package, new facility

Cons: No Standard process to work. everyone take you own direction
Advice: Spend more time on the floor and less during meeting
Pros: Good benefits
Good work life balance

Cons: Slowed production, but otherwise fine
Advice: None
Pros: Working here is fantastic. Good pay, great benefits, opportunities for travel. Open to challenging the status quo! Great place for diversity (culture, thought, etc) too.

Cons: Management does not separate personal/work life.
Advice: If I was the head of this plant I would clean house completely and start over as far as managers.
Pros: A lot of resources to utilize towards career progression.

Cons: Way too far from the house
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good experience

Cons: Not enough technicians for volume of cars at times
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful place to work for, great customers and technicians.

Cons: Long hours but as expected in a startup plant
Advice: None
Pros: Great Job with a good company culture

Cons: We are 1 distributor on the island
Advice: Maintain the excellent current performance
Pros: Focus, Kind, Ethical, Professional, Empathy

Cons: I do not have negative views.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and atmosphere, competitive comp

Cons: Too big company, many politicals
Advice: None
Pros: Good personal devlopment in the company

Cons: - Big organization with some slow processes and in the middle of a reorg at the moment.
- The company is "Gothenburg-heavy", most of the decisions are made there, and the Stockholm office lacks some perks they have in Gothenburg (on-site restaurants, gym facilities, etc.)
- Stockholm office is too sterile (plain white walls, grey floor carpet, no decoration, no colors).
- I miss some perks I had at my previous employers (tech education budget for courses and conferences, massage in the office, language course, gym membership, top-notch computer and phone, fika, Friday beer, hack days, meetups, swag, etc.)
Advice: The digital transformation is a good step, but maybe try to make the company and the office a bit more "trendy" so you don't have to solely rely on high salary offers when it comes to attracting young talents.
Pros: - Good office location in downtown Stockholm; free fruits, coffee and soda; playing room.
- Decent work equipment (Macbook Pro and iPhone, but not the newest models like at other companies ).
- Nice, talented coworkers, international environment.
- Meaningful product, interesting project (mine at least is).
- Really good salary (Volvo Cars is able and willing to pay the price of the best talent, they seduce people from top Swedish tech companies like Spotify, Klarna, King, iZettle).
- Perks (pension contribution, annual bonus, discount on cars, etc.)

Cons: If you are a serious software developer, please keep away from VolvoCars. This is a quite traditional company. Most managers did not have a strong background in the software area, even in sometime, they refuse to do the change as a software company. 
Lots of people only have the ability to talk, open the meeting, As a developer, please keep away from this company.

By the way, this is the first company what I have meet, the ScM was a dedicated role, whose jobs is talk, talk, talk.......
Advice: Please try to learn some knowledge of software engineer. give respect to the software engineer instead of dedicated ScM.
Pros: work/life balance. work/life balance.work/life balance.work/life balance.work/life balance.

Cons: A traditional automotive company trying to become a Tech company. People working in tech should expect a long and bumpy road during this journey to Agile ways of working across the entire organisation in making lightning fast decisions and shifting quickly with the trends.
Advice: None
Pros: Equal opportunity employer. Rich history and prestige  building the world's safest cars. Starting an exciting new phase into making only electrified vehicles from 2021.

Cons: It’s management only looks flat, the old established systems are not possible to change even if they are proven wrong, for non-Swedish it is more difficult to get promotions, innovation is less focused upon, the management and the unions would rarely intervene if there is a problem leaving the employee vulnerable to toxic conditions.
Advice: None
Pros: It is almost what you expect from a corporation: good benefits, international community, lots of projects to work with and etc

Cons: Old company with strong traditions, some people might be resistant to change
Advice: Regarding the current transformation I think an entrepreneurial approach to validating the new business models is essential to success
Pros: Great resources for self-improvement
Great culture (engagement, openness, diversity, ethics)
Interesting transformation of the company. Volvo is in a nice place right now with a focus on mobility services, electrification and autonomous drive.

Cons: 1. Culture discourages working from home
2. Hard to increase salary while under contract. 
3. Architects have way too much control over the day to day work and implementations of the software developers.
4. Overtime requests are quite common (once to twice a year).
5. Not much fun or perks at the office
6. Office space and area (Torslanda) is boring and too far from the city
Advice: More autonomy to software engineers.
more perks in the office. (breakfast, snacks, music...etc.)
More software engineers closer to the city to be in par with other software companies
Pros: 1. Everything shifting to Agile and therefore things are moving a lot faster
Teams are having more and more autonomy to build products
2. You manage your own time.
3. Easy to change jobs within the company.
4. Management encourages to build competence (pays for courses, books and provides rewards for passing courses)

Cons: Auto industry is experiencing a disruption and Volvo Cars is not fully ready for it. Currently working at the autonomous driving department, which means major part of the job is securing the delivery from the suppliers (integration/testing/analysis) to guarantee the car safety, but not much of real technical development. There is a lack of personal competence development as an engineer. Obscure future about the merge with Geely Auto.
Advice: Vertical integration with suppliers, further remove the workforce redundancies / duplicate functions within the company or subsidiary companies.
Pros: Care and respect for people. Nice and competitive colleagues to work with. Good sales number so far until Oct 2020, so the business runs well.

Cons: Wages tend to decrease  in relation to other companies. The bonus system is also low in relation to similar manufacturing industries
Advice: None
Pros: a very good employer. Very high security for the employee. Bonus system.

Cons: To slow moving company. Many different areas of development and it is slowing the machinery down. It needs to review its dev processes and let management get much more hands on until processes and flows move swiftly.
Advice: Needs to start managing the companies software pipe to several 100% better. There is no direction no operational hands-on to get things in place.
Pros: Company cars, new frontline technology

Cons: Some departments are manage by incompetents with wishful thinking and no connection/experience to the real world  - too much small politics instead of focus in work when that happens
Advice: Get real and stop applying fairy tale management theories - Agile. Everybody knows that doesn't work, except you that should be the first to know!
Pros: Big company, many departments, many possibilities.

Cons: Internal policies are not always working due to politics and weak management.
Advice: Aligned the vision globally,  focus on red threats and make sure you stand up what is right and not what is politically safe.
Pros: Human centrist culture, good colleagues to work with, giving opportunities if you perform and behave well.

Cons: - Travel out to Torslanda.. (far away)
- Slow moving, everything takes time and have to go thru corporate ladder
Advice: None
Pros: - Good colleagues
- Fun industry to work in

Cons: Agile way of working steals focus from product development.
Advice: Focus more on development of new technology.
Pros: Interesting technology, good working environment, great colleagues and often really great results.

Cons: big co allows people to hide and do little.
Advice: None
Pros: great brand - great cars - culture improving

Cons: chaotic business management, location too far out of the city - you need a car to get there,
Advice: N/A
Pros: super benefits, nice co-workers, close-by lunch places, full digital focus

Cons: Hard to climb up career wise, a lot of "I'll scratch your back if you scratch mine."
Advice: None
Pros: Very safe job with a strong faculty presence behind.

Cons: The work ethics are strange, the managers are pretentious and usually not qualified for their position.
Advice: None
Pros: A forward thinking company that is aware of customer needs.

Cons: High quality, high demand for excellent product
Advice: Focus on customer voice
Pros: Multinational Company,  work with people from the world. Nice car and nice working environment

Cons: Red tape like all other big corporations
Advice: Keep up good work
Pros: Excellent management, friendly colleagues, no stress at all

Cons: Not a bad thing to be said here
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and feeling among a family that works hard together for the same aim.

Cons: The length of meetings and agile work really hinders the development cycle of products.
Advice: None
Pros: Very positive work environment where teams take on new challenges and adapt consistently.

Cons: - Disorganized purpose
- No significant learning experience provided by the company
- Unpaid
Advice: None
Pros: - Nice, quiet and clean workplace
- Friendly co-workers
- Flexible work schedule

Cons: I can not say something much about it
Advice: I strongly recommend all Engineers to join Volvo Car Corp
Pros: Really good atmosphere to work there

Cons: Slow working pace. Very medicore management people.
Advice: None
Pros: Company car is possible. Internal training is somewhat okay.

Cons: Decision making is very slow
Advice: None
Pros: Flat organizational and no hierarchy

Cons: low salary and benefits offered.
Advice: None
Pros: cool industry to work in.

Cons: slow process and very relax environment in company
Advice: None
Pros: Fast changing technology within company

Cons: non-english speaking people might find it difficult to make friends
Advice: None
Pros: amazing opportunity and best experience

Cons: Stress levels within procurement quite high
Advice: None
Pros: Purpose driven organization
Career opportunities
Non-hierarchical organization
String diversity and includingness

Cons: Salaries in Sweden are quite low right now.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible time, reasonable bonus program, car benefits for employees, great curious culture.

Cons: Not yet reached its full potential.
Advice: None
Pros: Very much on the way up and it has a very inclusive culture.

Cons: Not easy to implement ideas as the process are very structured.
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for.Nice working environment

Cons: re-organization of the company, location is not the best but it is a factory
Advice: None
Pros: entering new phase of electrifying vehicles

Cons: Automotive industry might have slower pace for some.
Advice: None
Pros: Volvo work culture is certainly one aspect to look for.

Cons: There was no cons in my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Meeting knowledgeable people at Volvo and boosting your career

Cons: Slow development , Swedish are necessary for development
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance . Kids friendly company

Cons: Slow decision making
Slow progress
Middle management ineffective 
Multiple channels of instruction
Advice: None
Pros: International work culture
Sustainable transportation 
Flexible work hours
Vacation

Cons: Agile way of working ?
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work-life balance, great first level manager.

Cons: Low salaries for Junior:
No training for junior
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours,:
Huge Benefits, working life balances:

Cons: City is a bit sperated from rest of sweden
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and great culture

Cons: - slow paced
- low salary 
- boring
Advice: Nothing
Pros: - challenging
- good people 
- good work

Cons: Pay
Long hours
Difficult to move up
Advice: Up the pay!
Pros: People Showroom Clean Management Casual Uniform

Cons: Not very high salary and good growth
Advice: Nothing
Pros: Easy work contents, good atmosphere

Cons: not think of any at this point
Advice: None
Pros: care about people, good benefit

Cons: Nothing that strikes my mind atm.
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy company culture, great team.

Cons: Politics, lack of speed, complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Cars, values, summer vacay, work/life

Cons: awesome work culture and learning environment
Advice: None
Pros: great work with in team.

Cons: Pay was not the best
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging yet fun every day

Cons: follow the process, limited for development
Advice: None
Pros: interesting projects , international work

Cons: There is no cons for Volvo
Advice: None
Pros: Good for work in Volvo

Cons: Bad location, low salary, weak co-workers, slow pace
Advice: None
Pros: The restaurant is fairly decent

Cons: No difficult to take decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Flat organization. Good work/life balance.

Cons: swedish salary levels, poor compensation
Advice: None
Pros: flexible and challenging work. exciting

Cons: Weekends, customers, long hours, sales
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic cars, great company, honest

Cons: There was Not good collaboration
Advice: None
Pros: The was Not stressful situation

Cons: there is no a god at Volovcars
Advice: None
Pros: there is not a good place for any IT job
