Cons: When I find one, I'll post it.
Advice: Keep doing what your doing.
Pros: Opportunity for growth. Excellent training. Employee safety is first priority.

Cons: 1. Requires a significant commitment, travel, and off-hours calls are common, but rewarding. 
2. Very early in the transformation, can also be a positive, but it essentially like working at an early stage start-up within a larger mature organization. Some roadblocks and old thinking will present challenges.
Advice: Keep investing in Digital, keep empowering the lower level team members. It would be really devastating if they were to reverse course in the near future.
Pros: 1. Exciting Transformation underway to move the company to become an industry leader in tech and digital experiences.
2. Great leadership visibility and support, you will have a direct impact on the business outcomes for Volvo as well as the opportunity to present your work to senior leaders on a regular basis.
3. Opportunity to take on a larger role, with the expansion of the digital team everyone will need to take on more responsibility and help us manage and direct our growth. You also get a chance to be on the ground floor and implement your ideas for how a car company should interact with and sell to customers.

Cons: Work conditions needed update on building example office layout
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people to work for.  Good salary setup

Cons: competitive industry. dated used car inventory
Advice: None
Pros: up and coming product line, competitive commission structure.

Cons: Ironically, no career advancement possibilities if you're not Swedish.
Advice: Get woke.
Pros: Reasonably attractive Scandinavian design offices and furniture.

Cons: It is never enough, if you work hard, they want you to work harder 

Volvo gent should be more important than your private life 

Bad communication 

Work pressure to high 

Pretend to be a good employer  but only cares about making cars and profit 

Benefits of the company are only adapted for the people Who are making the rules instead of those Who are making the cars
Advice: Have more respect for the People Who work for the company
Pros: Good salary, good payment 

Company car program

A lot of benefits such as bonus and insurances 

Company restaurant with cheap food 

Nice cars

Cons: No career growth, less Salary
Advice: Maintain the standard salary slab for everyone
Pros: Flexible , good culture, brand value, good colleagues

Cons: we were a small company in South Afriva VCSA with not a lot of room for career growth.
Advice: You are on the right track! Well done
Pros: Family orientated, transparent, great work atmosphere, care for the environment

Cons: Increase its confidence as the products are so good
Advice: Attract positive people and include the Swedish heretic in the company world wide
Pros: A company with very positive momentum, spirit and code of conduct

Cons: Arranging and setting up rotations to different departments can take some effort, small price to pay though.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Flexibility
Being able to choose to try things both new and interesting to you

Cons: Job not so exctiting as expected, low multicultural environment, continuous changes from the management, slow paced environment,
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, team working, low stress job, skilled people, flex hours, fair salary, adequate work-life balance, people care

Cons: Many processes are quite slow. Often, it takes much time to get the information one needs.
Advice: Improve data management
Pros: Flat hierarchy, interesting projects, opportunities to contribute, work/life balance, nice offsites.
Good opportunities to meet leaders and learn from them.
All in all, nice internship and I would always recommend Volvo Cars as a good employer for interns.

Cons: The working location is a litter bit far from the downtown.
Advice: None
Pros: The working environment is really nice, and the colleagues are also kind to help you. The company has a great culture to value you and inspire you. A lot of resources are available to you if you want to be better.

Cons: Pays less than the main competitors at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of momentum at the moment with several exciting projects and nice working environment

Cons: ..... .... .... .... .....
Advice: None
Pros: international move, salary, benefits, working ethic

Cons: Slow promotion, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: good salary, stable, caring, working with smart a lot of people

Cons: Didn't encounter any. Was there only for 6 months.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, did my thesis there.

Cons: Language and not much of cons though
Advice: None
Pros: Resources, openness, freedom, work and life balance

Cons: Sometimes a little too much bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects, many professionals eager to help

Cons: Nothing I would like to change
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Environment and challenges
