Cons: - The full-time employees had to work too much, and it didn't seem to be temporary. 
- So much meetings nobody had time to do their work. Both these things gives a hint of a malfunctioning work environment.
- Poor salary, considering one year to M.Sc. and doing relevant tasks. The salary among the full-time employees where not especially competitive either.
Advice: None
Pros: - Very good colleagues and closest manager were great. The were welcoming and supportive.
- Interesting tasks that was needed to be done and not just something stupid you because the summer intern have to do something.
- Good insight in work life and a good experience for the future.
- Good career opportunities as the contacts that were made there could be used for M.Sc. thesis opportunities and a first job after graduation.

Cons: Since the culture is not very aggressive, the development is slow too except the market in China. Global strategy is very centralized in Sweden HQ, and there is less communication between different country markets.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, never overload, very Swedish. The culture is very much to "avoid conflicts" and is not very performance driven - very easy to survive in such environment.

Cons: Completely hopeless senior Swedish leadership team. Still reaping the benefits of Stefan Jacoby's past decisions and vision. No new ones of any substance since he unfortunately went.
Advice: There are other countries & cultures outside of Sweden. Stick to design & let the markets sell the product.
Pros: Good people trying to do the best thing locally

Cons: A truly global company is needed to face the future challenges
Advice: Keep it going, right direction
Pros: Great culture, great people, great company

Cons: Not very competitive compensation if working at VCC for long time without going into management.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of resources to pursue interesting ideas.

Cons: Transformation time, a lot of changes happens all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Transformation time of product launches, many opportunities.

Cons: Not much of a future in job scope ....... redundant
Advice: Look into this seriously
Pros: Friendly Staffs and encouragng to everyone

Cons: no real cons to mentionm
Advice: None
Pros: Good team integration within the department i worked in

Cons: a bit much red tape 
slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: great culture 
knowledgable people
high quality products

Cons: nothing bad to say about Volvo
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for
