Cons: Unacceptable intern situations in some teams of some departments
Advice: None
Pros: Great Environment, Friendly Supervisor, Convenient Location, Interesting Work Content in the team I joined

Cons: Changed pay plan would pay out comm owed for sales made
Advice: None
Pros: laid back good people to work with

Cons: There is a risk that the processes becomes too bureaucratic due to Volvos size. Too much administation reduces creative time for the engineers.
Advice: Continue on the path towards more efficient and environmental products packed with innovative solutions that make the customers lives better.
Pros: Innovative and caring corporation with great products. Volvo is well equiped to handle the changing environment and new customer demands. A lot of creative persons.

Cons: Not yet a global company. Still most employees work in either China or Sweden. Needs to work on more female leaders and a better international balance of management.
Advice: Don't forget to give credit to those who work with great loyalty to construct and produce these beautiful cars.
Pros: A Company in ramp-up phase with a lot of exiting products ahead. Building up capabilities for autonomous drive and e-commerce.

Cons: Tough competition in the industry, hard to predict the future for cars as a product
Advice: None
Pros: Global company, great colleagues, including culture, fantastic products, challenging job, possibility to develop

Cons: Multinational typical bureaucratic procedures.
Swedish attitude rether slower response than some german competitors
Advice: The latest decisions and policy definition is the right track.
The fast growing / quick development of Volvo Cars, which already started, is the final proof that current strategy is right. Should continue that way.
Pros: Extremely dynamic industry.
Position of the company very Person Oriented.
Extreme care with Customer Satisfaction.
Swedish attitude. (Relaxed, flexible and target oriented).

Cons: Need to work garder on getting a full global mindset
Advice: None
Pros: Creative, can do attitude, modern
