Cons: Moving to IT support was awful. Micromanaging (was called in for walking around for 1-2 min every hour because you're expected to be sitting and taking calls your ENTIRE shift) and irate customers gave me anxiety to the point of daily anxiety attacks before my shift. When I reached out for help or to be moved to a chat role I was basically told I was SOL. Moving to IT and being given completely different responsibilities from the job I actually applied for decreased not just my morale but all my coworkers to the point where most of us quit because it was no longer worth it
Advice: Stop micromanaging and actually provide mental health support to ALL employees, not just your valuable engineers and designers. Bragging during regional meetings about not having to lay anyone off isn't the flex you think it is when half the team leaves voluntarily due to the poor conditions.
Pros: Flexibility and pay were great for the position, and having freedom to manage time as needed was great

Cons: Apple is comprised of many teams and the orgs are hard to keep track of so it takes a long time to learn how to work cross functionally
Advice: None
Pros: My team is extremely supportive and the onboarding is paced out very well. There are a ton of resources that help you get up to speed and you definitely feel the power of working for such a large company. 

The management is great
The vision is clear 
The work is challenging and rewarding 
There is a lot of space for growth and innovation

Cons: Fully remote, so lacked onsite experiene. Very inexperienced manager who had not lead people before. Work is very segmented where they want you to follow a robotic script, process and minimal involvement in the creative process. Would not work there again.
Advice: Train your managers.
Pros: Good energy, excitement, well-paid, overall organizational openess to explore, learn and grow.

Cons: Limited growth for part time employees. They seem to reserve most advancement for full time employees committed to Apple for the foreseeable future.
Advice: Roles that allow for vertical growth would be really appreciated by the people not in full time roles.
Pros: Working at Apple is quite the experience. The energy is undeniable, the people at the retail level where I work are some of the best I've ever met. Everybody is so different but everyone possesses the same quality that they truly want to help. I've never been denied genuine assistance and they have maintained a proactive and safety first approach to COVID which I appreciate every day. 

I'm a part time employee while also being a full time student. They are tremendously supportive with college schedules and as long as your availability meets the needs of the business, the company is more than flexible. Apple knows I will not be with them beyond the next year or two but they continue to push me to accomplish all I can and invite me to be my true, best self every day. It's a terrific experience and if you get the opportunity I recommend giving it a shot.

Cons: not enough repair time; spread out with customer interaction
Advice: None
Pros: Abilitiy and education to instill comfort within doing repairs on your own. you do have someone holding your hand. they provide you with training to gain proper confidence for any repair necessary.

Cons: Old vs New mentality. Very clear hierarchy according to tenure. There are few real problems but people complain about the smallest things. Gossip culture, difficult work-life balance. People seem to hate their lives. After months of thinking about it, a few other newbies agreed that it felt like high school. Possibly specific to the Austin office. Very little focus on maintaining a positive culture with depth. Shallow realtionships.
Advice: Challenge your own management and fight for things that will enrich the culture and create more connections with the teams. Free food/ events aren't cutting it.
Pros: versatile workspace (you can work all over the building, wherever you have access to), awesome lunch venue, excellent benefits, devices provided, understanding management

Cons: Difficult to move up. Always given vague feedback as to why you weren't promoted. There isn't a work/life balance. You're held accountable for other employee's mistakes. No weekends off. Always short staffed. Budgets for store use are very low which means you sometimes can't even get a new shirt.
Advice: Take care of your staff. They work hard, even when burnt out.
Pros: Health / Medical benefits are good

Cons: No guarantees of permanent employment after working for 4-5 months, recommendations to other stores are difficult to secure, difficult to communicate with store leaders after work hours due to insulation of communications (for good reason)
Advice: The hiring team is amazing, they really do pick the most "human" people (for lack of a better word in the retail sense) and it shows. I hear though that the quality differs from store to store, but the team at Victoria Gardens was a pleasure to work with. Getting back in after being let go feels like getting kicked out of heaven though.
Pros: Discounts on products and stocks, flexible schedule for FWE workers (Temp. Specialists), good starting pay, great training and development opportunities

Cons: customer can be a lot at times, especially during peak season some teammates don't help out as much as they should
Advice: keep doing your thing, they have been flexible with my schedule and have helped me out a lot as I have begun my journey.
Pros: good benefits, great teammates, lots of learning

Cons: Poor staff and leadership Short breaks No unity/teamwork
Advice: Work with your employees and their schedules for the work like balance you promote and have. Don’t force employees to do your job and then some
Pros: Great health insurance and benefits

Cons: Monotonous daily job,
Lack of exposure,
Lack of transparency and fairness in terms of growth opportunities,
Managers who don’t fit into Apple culture,
Favoritism culture in some teams,
Unprofessional managers. Pure luck getting stuck with toxic manager.
Advice: Please train and coach your managers well and on par with Apple culture. The measurement of a productive and successful employee is not solely based on NUMBERS or butter the boss up. Lack of inclusion and diversity values.
Pros: Great colleagues
Diverse team
Stable job
Great benefits

Cons: Just like any job, they do still have metrics that are uncontrollable that do effect your performance.
Advice: None
Pros: At first, coming into the company I was very shocked at how much the company cares about it's employees. Its a very nice change of pace

Cons: They do have metrics to see your performance, and the managers tend to have favorites, and not check up on the ones they don't like, but it was not a big deal.
Advice: Management could do better by hiring people that are unbiased, and most of all fair.
Pros: The work environment is the best thing due to the fun and creative group of people that work there and also you learn a lot about technology.

Cons: Can be draining pretty quickly just due to fast pace sales and consistent interactions sometimes. You can feel the work politics sometimes when trying to move up. Always will be a numbers game despite anyone saying it’s not.
Advice: None
Pros: The work culture is great. You meet great people, both customers and peers. Lots of opportunities to connect with individuals. Job isn’t as hard/bad as people may think for a sales job.

Cons: no growth no advancement opportunities
Advice: give more pay when more work is done because there's no incentive to work as hard as possible when colleagues can get by slacking doing minimal work
Pros: get to meet some really nice people

Cons: The interview systems of situational-based experiences was honestly stupid. They would rate your answer based on an experience that you had and a lot fo people just learned how to play the game and answer the question (sometimes with something that didn't even happen to them) and they would get promoted over someone that actually deserved the job.
Advice: When I worked there my manager wouldn't allow me to go for different roles, even make lateral moves. I was a top seller at the store and had amazing sales stats. I wasn't allowed to get another leaders permission to apply and they had to do what he wanted for me because he was "my manager." But that really just meant he spent 30 minutes once every 8 weeks in a conversation with me, that made no sense at all.
Pros: Great pay, great benefits, especially for part-timers. I received healthcare and stock options!

Cons: Lacking in growth opportunities or clear career paths
Advice: Learn from the last decade of tangible proof that remote work is the future, that not knowing how to move forward towards a better future isn't a reason not to.
Pros: medical, dental, vacation time, sick time, annual raises

Cons: Same process for internal and external candidates. You have to inform your current manager before the interview Good luck If the new role is nor on your location
Advice: Allow more permanent remote roles Ease the internal transfers
Pros: If you land a job on apple products or services you get to write history.

Cons: Schedule is brutal. Have to use vacation days sometimes just to get weekends off. Some favoritism/accommodations made for employees if they complain about their schedule enough which makes it harder and harder for everyone else just to get time off on the weekends or earlier shifts. Hard to see a long term career in retail management when schedule is so hard to get regular time off with kids or partner.
Advice: Please please please get rid of the Lead job and instead hire more managers. Or, assign the same priveleges to leads on top of comp (such as ability to work remote/vpn provisioning). Its hard to grow and network when the only time you are able to do this is in the store when you can access email/systems, etc, where you are expected to spend much of your time customer facing.
Pros: Great, I mean, GREAT benefits. Bump in RSU grants since you are apart of leadership. Really competitive hourly rate. Different types of sick or time away pay so that you only use sick time when you are really sick (other than with Covid-19)

Cons: I don’t feel as though I had any cons to working along side Apple employee!
Advice: None
Pros: I loved working with technology and the Apple community to build my skills working with technology and community!

Cons: A lot of the managers will tell you company jargon to compete with your life issues. Most people call it the "Applesauce" lol. 

A little bit less Micromanaging would be nice.
Advice: None
Pros: The best part of working at apple to me was my peers. So many different people with different personalities. Everyone is also very willing to help you if you need it. 

Training is great, a good amount of time to get up to speed, and growth is exponential at Apple.

GREAT benefits package.

Cons: There is mandatory overtime. They require you to multitask and expect the same result as if you were focused on a single task.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is positive. People are usually excited to work for a large company that pays reasonably.

Cons: - a lot of young people, take that how you will - inconsistent hours &amp; weekend work
Advice: None
Pros: - some of the most amazing people I’ve ever met - mentors &amp; leaders that care about you as a person

Cons: -Extremely hard to advance, particularly out of your current department -Pay raises are given as flat rates except to a few employees -Pay discussions are extremely hidden and taboo -Disparity of pay between female/male employees -Inflexible with working remote exceptions
Advice: Please actually listen to your employees and provide actionable, working feedback instead of fluff.
Pros: -Excellent benefits, including stock options -Astounding on-site campus benefits including local medical staff -Approachable management

Cons: Little to no work life balance, long hours, not worth the pay if you can find a better team or company. Blindsided by manager and higher ups.
Advice: None
Pros: Cool company to work for and have on your resume. Great pay.

Cons: There have been many changes that seem to be in the interest of money that have never been an issue before.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, nice environment, helpful team, many resources

Cons: It's retail, you are going to deal with impossible-to-please customers and hectic days where the store is always so packed.
Advice: Give some of your people some time on the weekends to relax and take time to catch up on their mental health, working at Apple is not always rainbows and sunshine, ESPECIALLY in the retail setting.
Pros: The benefits and people are always the core for working at Apple, on top of working with some of the best tech in the world.

Cons: To much focus on "business" which seems just like solicitation with extra steps because it's all pay to play Not enough focus on the employees growth, just how much they can squeeze out of them in terms of sales
Advice: None
Pros: Great job if you're just graduating and looking to add a valuable skillset

Cons: Not all upper management is fully vested in their teams. At many times it seems their focus are in other places which causes a negative down trickle effect on lower level employees.
Advice: Have better accountability on upper leadership. Test their business knowledge on what they do and low performers will stick out like sore thumbs.
Pros: -Competitive pay -Hard work is recognized through stocks and bonus -Amazing teams

Cons: Not fully buying into Remote work, believes employees need to be together to allow for innovation.
Advice: None
Pros: Best leadership from CEO, COO, CFO, Board as well as Senior VPs. Company fights for what it believes in. Invests and plays to win, not to be second place. Top benefits in the Tech Industry.

Cons: You are the verbal punching bag for Apple.
The customers are awful &amp; panic-inducing.
Apple does not have your back when customers threaten you.
No room for growth
You have to bid for your schedule and it's 100% based on surveys or CSATS. 
TM's will lie and say it's not, it is.
Below average pay for the scope of technical support AHA offers 
AHA is the redheaded stepchild of Apple.
Advice: None
Pros: I think some of the kindest people I've met work at Apple.
The pay is above average for call center work.
Remote

Cons: Promotions can be difficult when applying inside the company. They tend to hire for higher positions externally
Advice: None
Pros: Great job to have during college as it offers a good work/life balance

Cons: When I tell people I work at Apple they say "quit bragging"
Advice: Notta
Pros: Good work-life balance - I like to stare at birds in my spare time. Some people call this 'bird watching' but I like to call it 'staring at birds'. I like birds.

Cons: a lot of overhead and is a very old style company at times
Advice: None
Pros: You have a lot of good benefits, and discounts, depending on team dictates a lot of things

Cons: a little chaotic sometimes, as some portions of the company are less driven by success given the eternal appeal of the iphone
Advice: a little more structure would help
Pros: during economic downturn, apple is stable is profitable. The technology and co workers are great.

Cons: No opportunities to grow beyond this role.
Advice: Look outside of the department you are currently in for growth opportunities.
Pros: Team environment with lots of opportunities to focus on people development!

Cons: -with that said… biggest con is : working on the weekends. All day. I was with Apple for 4 years, and I rarely got to spend a full day with family or close friends.
Advice: None
Pros: -The health benefits!! Apple employees get some of the lowest copayments when visiting the doctor/ hospital. 

-The culture in the store varies depending on where you’re located. My experience with management in the Lincoln Park store in Chicago was not good at all, but in Brickell City Centre in Miami… hands down some of the most supportive managers I’ve ever had. 

-Friendships built in both stores were amazing and I’ll cherish them.

-Major flexibility with school schedules/ parenting schedules.

Cons: For the amount if work required and the relationship maintenance needed to be successful the pay could be better.
Advice: all the benefits that the other departments get should also be included for this role. for example relocation incentive is not something that is offered but should be.
Pros: Work flexibility is something to take away from this role. Knowing I can perform this role from anywhere in the world with internet access is comforting.

Cons: EXHAUSTING Get's old Politics Racism and bias in store leadership/management/corporate Management plays sides (ALWAYS) Unionizing Ostracizing
Advice: Not even worth it. I sent Tim Cook a message and got fired for it.
Pros: Total Benefits Employee Friendships (Excluding Management) Certain leaders truly go above and beyond and will support you

Cons: -Prides on being solely to help the customer but pushes numbers towards the employee despite customers being satisfied. -Scheduling can be a bit finicky sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: -Fantastic benefits -Generally good work culture -Management pretty good (varies from store to store)

Cons: MOST TOXIC PLACE I HAVE EVER WORKED!!! Idk a single person that hasnt worked for them that hasnt developed some type of mental illness from the stress and unreachable expectations that they set for you! For the amount of harassment and added on job roles that you have no choice but to do they do not pay enough and heaven forbid you seek help for the stress they will make it as difficult as possible. The harassment and cult culture is toxic and manipulation, gaslighting at it finest do not work for these people
Advice: redo everything
Pros: Working from home and health care was good

Cons: Two Companies. One Name.

Apple Retail is treated as a separate company even though it's not.
Leadership is concerned with profit, sales, and metrics.

The people don't matter even after the creation of the the "People" organization. Granted - in Apple Retail the leader of Retail is the People department - because that's where most of the employees are.
I'm sure life in Apple Corporate is hunky dory.

Cons for Benefits?
If you needed a vacation in the Retail arena? Boom - we ain't got time for that.
Local Leadership- Oh you don't like to sell things? Let's promote you to customer.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros on Benefits? Most benefits were outstanding. If you wanted a discount on a product? Boom - 25% off one item per grouping. If you wanted to adopt? Excellent, here's some money for that. If you had a transplant? Excellent, have some money for that. If you had health issues? Excellent, here's some time off for that.

Cons: Team culture is totally opposite to company culture. Very toxic team environment, never encouraged for cross training and change of responsibility.

People around you working on same things for more than 5 years. If you ask for change in responsibility or cross training manager would decline. Manager expect you to work on same thing every day. You would have no motivation lack of new responsibilities and challenges. 

Very micro managing by manager feels like you are working in store as an hourly employee so you have to answer for every minutes you worked on which task. You need to take permission from your manager for 1:1 with their managers.

You have to include your manager as an optional in all meetings you schedules with your stakeholders so your manager keep an eye on you.
Advice: Please do not make anyone as a manager if person does not qualify for manager without lack of leadership quality or vision. 

No matter how intelligent your employees are without good manager you will not see great result.
Pros: Great benefits
Good pay
product discount
Great company culture but not in all teams.

Cons: Sometimes you get overwhelmed with all the appointments you have to take.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. I feel as though management at the apple is amazing.
Pros: Supporting team around you at all time.

Cons: Customer prioritization over employee mental health
Advice: Re- introduce previous roles to those who show consistent feedback on new role performance Employee mental health value over customer satisfaction
Pros: Benefits Team Hourly pay (Highest in a “retail” space) Time off health insurance stock

Cons: -Stressful - this is a metrics and customer survey-driven role. You will need to assist customers as quickly as possible while ensuring the Apple experience remains intact for the customer. 

-Facade - this is in the minority, but some folks from more senior roles are more interested in keeping appearances and advancement than assisting you. Again this is in the minority, but enough to mention.

-Resources - this company does a fantastic job of pumping out resources to their workers to help with everything from career advancement to personal well-being. However, the resources are spread out over dozens of different sites that could benefit from some considerable consolidation.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility - allowed to modify the schedule to fit your educational needs.

-Remote Work - tremendously helpful, reduced commute, and more time at home with family.

-Great Pay - the company will occasionally adjust pay if the cost of living dramatically increases in your area.

-Great Benefits - being a massive company, they offer various benefits.

-Great People - you'll encounter many career-driven folks that are willing to give you advice on succeeding in your role.

Cons: This position is not compensated fairly as opposed to other positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple has great benefits to choose from including stock options. Take advantage of perks to get ahead in your career.

Cons: Company wants people to work on site but does not offer enough pay to survive in the expensive cities where their offices are. Management basically said sorry but go back on site or leave. When I tell people I work at Apple, they imagine I have a decent life, I really don’t. Can’t see my future here.
Advice: Advocate for your people if you don’t have the power to change the system.
Pros: - Big company
- product discount 
- RSU
- smart coworkers

Cons: should make more programs and remote work available for those who wants to work from home. as well as international program for those who wants to work over sees
Advice: when new employees become specialist, the training should be understanding and help for those that needs to be worked on
Pros: amazing skills sets that they teach. Very diverse with their community. have amazing program and networking when to find new paths to a career.

Cons: It could take years to move to a leadership role. No more promotions once you become genius.
Advice: None
Pros: Once you reach genius you’ll be able to work on all apple products

Cons: better than most jobs out there during school.
Advice: None
Pros: jobs got great benefits and part time hours are great to have free time during the week but also picking up shifts if you need it!

Cons: A lot of people believe they know everything when they don't. Sometimes unorganized because people can't communicate effectively. Managers don't give you much freedom.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, the latest tech, and great pay.

Cons: This is a company that strives to be the best. Not really a con.
Advice: None
Pros: The team trusts employees and gives freedom to create your own schedule.

Cons: Simple but exhausting due to the many personality types you deal with. Constantly talking all day is draining.
Advice: None
Pros: Simple work. A career experience opportunity that lets you apply to corporate roles.

Cons: Weed is not allowed on Apple Campus and that is why I am no longer employed by them.
Advice: Allow weed.
Pros: Really enjoyed being around innovation, some of the software engineers can be mean but thats ok. Food was dope.

Cons: Co-workers lack proper education about the products being sold, small internal spaces for workers at retail stores, and lack of amenities for the retail environment.
Advice: Educate your workers to provide better customer service.
Pros: Safe job to have, lots of benefits, and a very relaxed working environment.

Cons: It may be overwhelming as a lot of customer come in, and none of them are the same. You have to care a lot about your customer no matter what and push towards satisfying their needs and wants.
Advice: Just be yourself and be friendly. None of the management hates you nor wants to bash on you doing something wrong. They'll help you with everything that you need, all you have to do is ask.
Pros: With the amount of customers that come into the store, you're able to broaden your communication skills by using what you've learned throughout your training and applying to real situations. You learn about different devices that are either recent or new.

Cons: Not many of any at all maybe my 10K Securities book that makes it hard to understand what 2 trillion in cash and 16 billion in company stock has to do with when I get paid. I keep getting transferred to the teachers department?
Advice: Maybe that has something to do with me only after being one of the smartest people in technology whether getting paid does matter only there is little game involved especially working for myself and someone sometimes.
Pros: I have a worlds record for computer programming that compared to professional researching analysts.

Cons: Wages are nowhere near covering the cost of living.
Higher management does not listen to employees. 
Food insecurity following low wages.
Management sells the vision of our roles being important and impacting people all over the world, yet expects us to live on feeling proud of our work, when it is money, not pride, that pays our bills.
Everyone is soon to be forced back to the office destroying any modicum of having real work/life balance.
CEO and his sycophants pride themselves in breaking barriers yet do not see that their employees are unhappy, that remote work helps in productivity, and would ultimately save the company money.
Advice: Remove Cook and his followers, replace them with someone who actually puts employees needs before investors, after all, it’s employees who create the value, not investors.
Pros: Medical, vision, dental insurances.
Requesting days off is quick and approved 99% of the time.

Cons: Compensation is a sore point for every single person on my team and for everyone I talk to on other teams. Business claims to pay the competitive market rate but as people leave in droves we learn they find much higher pay for similar roles across the board elsewhere in the same city. More and more outsourcing taking place to save on paying employees a living wage. A recent “generous” attempt to raise wages and appease people managed to go lower than total inflation this year so was effectively a pay decrease in terms of purchasing power for most people. 

HR plus the outsourced business that does all the paperwork seems to be designed to help Apple rather than the employee. Heard dozens of sad and frustrating first hand experiences from direct co workers about being ignored or made to fill out complex paperwork to het help. I’ve witnessed a few (but not all) managers being confrontational and unprofessional. The public image is far removed from the extremely negative vibe in office exacerbated by the snails pace that the business has in addressing any of this, often with people forgetting all about things before a resolution . 

Offices are colorless, lifeless, dystopian grey/white/silver with a splash of “art” of a phone or computer product here and there, so it makes a fairly miserable place to spend time in. Outside is much nicer but the heat is too much to be out there a lot and there is very limited shade for outdoor seating.

Inflexibility on work from home feels silly after doing it well for 2 years. No real rhyme or reason why some people get to work at home and others to not on the same team.
Advice: Treat employees like humans (not disposable robots), support them, and pay the real market rate. Have better ways to share feedback often from employee and really listen. Overhaul the office culture from top to bottom.
Pros: The stock plan is excellent and the campus services are top notch - medical / dental / gym / vision all on site. Restaurant used to serve great food at reasonable prices and might do again one day (was very reduced post-covid). 401 k match also solid. Facilities are modern and easy to navigate. Leave generous for US companies even if it’s a bit behind some direct competitors.

Cons: Busy work environment and requires you to multitask on a different level some days.
Advice: Hire the best person for the job not someone who meets a metric.
Pros: Benefits are the best I've ever received. (I've also worked fulltime for Amazon)

Cons: The time commitment for a part-timer can come close to that of a full time position.
Advice: None
Pros: Apple's culture is great at both an individual and team level. It was great to have time for personal development with the aid of a wide range of tools and leadership feedback. Great benefits and opportunity to pursue passions.

Cons: Management can be prone to favoritism and in severe cases retaliation. They aren’t great at recognizing the employees who actually work hard and want to provide a better a culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and starting pay for a retail job.

Cons: Lack of staff, management isn’t the most supportive, it’s retail so customers are a big con at times
Advice: Rules should be applied to everyone, specific people get away with things from specific managers
Pros: Coworkers are great, pay and benefits was good compare to other PT spots

Cons: The environment is very much "how can we get you to work as much as a possible" - most jobs thrive on work/life balance. Apple Retail's is all talk. Working in the Genius Bar, they mostly care about how many appointments you can take.
Advice: None
Pros: This company can provide high compensation for a retail job and opportunities to create a great future for yourself. Especially if you do not have the education or experience background.

Cons: Retail hours are challenging. Plenty of nights and weekends
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is amazing. Great place to learn, grow and work on yourself. Benefits are stellar.

Cons: Horrible management that did not have proper core values and good morals.
Advice: Be more diligent with how you speak with teammates.
Pros: Great opportunity for customer rapport and customer relationships. Room for career development and clear representation of diverse community and company culture.

Cons: You have to be willing to be on your feet all day
Advice: None
Pros: They really take care of every individual and I believe they part in effort to make sure they put the team over the customer. Best training I’ve had in any job.

Cons: Extremely Fast Paced Environment All the time
Advice: None
Pros: The People you meet and get to work with are great

Cons: - Fast paced (can be overwhelming, especially during busy times) - Little control over scheduling, always need weekends available. (Comes with retail)
Advice: None
Pros: - Personable Staff - Learning Opportunities - Supportive Management

Cons: Very under staffed compared to demand of customers.
Advice: Help out and don't stand there when they get behind.
Pros: Good Benefits for the employees

Cons: -Overall direction of new leadership and management. Prioritization of metrics and statistics. Although these stats were always important (they are factored in to determine pay increases), I've noticed newer leadership change how they treat different employees over small changes or minor trends in sales metrics (Applecare,trade-in, accessories,connected).

-Work-life balance is not well for a full-time role. Hours are long and can be tedious, working long is expected and rewarded. For college students, I would've recommended a part time role, but even then the schedule inconsistency and still high commitment would only be for those who can effectively balance the two as equal. I was burnt out and ready for something new after about 2-1/2 years, many will stay for years, some decades.

-You are taught that the Apple experience is about doing what's right for the customer, within the boundaries of what's possible for the company. Often, even a straightforward and legitimate solution (the one our service guide recommends) involves jumping through many hoops to get the customer,leadership,and system to all agree. As a starting specialist, you are the professional hoops jumper, especially at the genius bar.

-Consistent issues with in-store software and hardware, internal tools and services going down, loss of written notes and repair details. Service blackouts are usually minutes but can sometimes last for hours. Daily re-write ups of unsaved repairs or broken repair chains. Extreme lack of production due to these problems, usually amplified by the higher amount of customers we saw at our smaller and less employed store.

Slight anti-union attitude, but no outright call against them. We saw other large stores in cities unionize, I know some of my fellow employees weren't opposed to the idea given the dissent from work-life balance.
Advice: -New management is treating many employees differently, doing favors for them or their customers, or prioritizing them for promotions based on sales statistics. This is something that was trending worse before I left. 

-Solutions are becoming more restrictive, higher cost, almost no room to work with customers and leadership. Often, we are just button pushers on an ipad.

-Recent high turnover at our GB and larger stores unionizing are proof apple retail has changed significantly since reopening post-lockdown.
Pros: -You will work with some fantastic and creative professionals, everyone is kind and very welcoming. The company culture is good, although it can be a bit corny or repetitive at times.

-Excellent benefits and free/discounted Apple services, products etc. Great coverage for insurance and family options available, lots of little company perks. Good stock options, RSUs, occasional bonuses. 

-Competitive/higher than average starting wages for retail space.

-Room to really grow and work your way up in the retail space. Getting promoted/role change is hard work but would pay off well for those looking to lead their team. Many options available for those looking for a career experience at the corporate level after being successful in your current role.

-Great loyalty to and from their employees, although sometimes this means we just 'do whatever corporate thinks we should'. During store closures amid the pandemic apple had all of us work our full hours remotely on collaboration and individual and group projects, great to see them take care of us like that compared to many other retail spaces.

-Genuine joy from helping others often at no cost (depending on hardware/software issue) and repairing trust in Apple's products and services. A personal passion of mine.

-Some new minor benefits and lower schedule requirements for employees coming soon (mostly in response to work life balance issues, see below).

Cons: I believe the leadership team is not organized on the retail level. Communication was lacking.
Advice: Communication within the leadership team on the store level is lacking, which does not instill trust.
Pros: Personal and Professional Growth! I had an opportunity to work with a great team.

Cons: Retail Hours but flexible with work schedules.
Advice: None
Pros: Great role for individuals with Presentation skills. Responsible for all thing learning and education with Apple product and software systems.

Cons: Can get exhausting dealing with high volume of the general public.
Advice: None
Pros: Enjoyed the diversity and meeting new people.

Cons: - Poor management
- Proper raises were only ever considered after losing 2/3 of our team in under a year
- Being a giant corporation, resolutions to issues come at a trickle
Advice: Management should treat their staff with more (or, in some cases, any) respect. Employees have been told over and over that they aren’t good enough for leadership opportunities unless they move to other stores. Managers are continually demeaning to employees, using gaslighting tactics to try and squeeze anything extra from people eager to prove themselves and move up in a company most of us were excited and hopeful to work for. The least offensive trait I see from management on a regular basis is just laziness; constantly shoving employee needs onto other managers, or refusing to do overrides because we are supposed to be watching how many we do. Respect will go so much further than condescension.
Pros: - Decent discounts
- Good staff
- Good benefits

Cons: Very hard to promote- especially if you work from home.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent pay, great benefits, options to work from home

Cons: It’s retail so you know what comes with that
Advice: Definitely recomendable knowing the company before coming in
Pros: Great pay and great people

Cons: Retail hours without being able to pick your shift. Pay was terrible for being a trillion dollar company.
Advice: Need to be able to pick first, second, and third shifts like any other company. Need better pay. Better signing bonus like stock.
Pros: Great values. Great products. Always wanted to help the customer.

Cons: Low-pay, retail hours, poor work-life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, team, learning experiences are good. Great to get started in tech. Good for retail job.

Cons: Retail life schedule is hard to balance with family.
Advice: Help your employees who have been there a long time.
Pros: Team oriented. Competitive salary. Always new product.

Cons: * Compensation could be better
* Raises are less than inflation
Advice: Keep up with inflation please. Otherwise, we will have no choice but to UNIONize!

Railworkers are getting 24% (retroactively)
Nurses are getting 36% raise (over 3 years) in San Diego.

We all know that the stock you issue is overvalued. We demand a higher base pay!
Pros: * Good quality of work
* Good team/work culture

Cons: Less paid. Costly meals Some managers aren’t very good
Advice: None
Pros: Works with very brilliant people.

Cons: work - life balance can be challenging specially in retail
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to stay ahead of technology, good benefits.

Cons: Working weekends in retail Management wasn't great towards the end of employment
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay Great People Good work environment Good Stock plan Good discounts Good Opportunities to network

Cons: unorganized programming, bad communication, heavy seasonal work
Advice: communicate to the entire team better
Pros: flexibility, no micro managing, easy going

Cons: Politics within the buildings are annoying. If you aren't faking it until you make it, you will not get far. You need to absorb everything that management says in order to be considered for a promotion. If you don't, they will overlook you every time. For an atmosphere that emphasizes feedback, the same feedback that you dish out will come back to haunt you down the line.
Advice: It's very hard to work for a company that preaches diversity and inclusion, but having stores with "token" black managers. In a management team of 7-8, there's no reason for there to be one black person on the Leadership team.
Pros: This was a wonderful company to work for when I was looking for a job fresh out of college. The stock options are amazing and the health insurance is amazing. The pay is above normal for retail.
