Cons: GM's senior leadership team (SLT) has gone back on their word several times over the past year.

A year and a half ago they said "work appropriately" (which allowed employees and their direct managers to choose when work at home or in office was needed) was here to stay. However, just a few months later, they started requiring us to be in office three days a week. Now, starting January, they are also mandating which of those three days we have to be in office. To make it worse, my whole team is in a different location, so I now have to come in office just to be on Teams calls all day...

Also, there have been multiple times this year the SLT said there would be no layoffs and then proceeded to do layoffs a month or two later. One of these layoffs included closing an entire IT center in Arizona with +900 people.

Through this all, SLT has not acted on feedback from employees or addressed our concerns. Work things the way they are, I would strongly recommend looking somewhere else for a job.
Advice: Listen to employee feedback and let us be where we actually do our best work.
Pros: It really depends on the direct managers you get. If you have good managers then work life balance can be really good and they advocate for you when it comes time for promotions at the end of the year.

The 401k match is also really good and health insurance doesn't cost to much.

Cons: I happened to land in a not so great org in IT and had some really horrible managers during my time there. One especially would bully her team members until enough of a pattern was established that people started reporting her to HR. She seemed to be friends with a higher up manager and only got moved around until she finally left the company to wreak havoc elsewhere. I also had an developer friend on a different team that got bullied out until she quit. The automotive industry tends to have layoffs pretty often even in good times, and very often during the year that UAW contracts need to be renegotiated. The performance review structure has changed recently to include more feedback from your manager every quarter. I would say GM is a better option for business backgrounds than software developers. And college hires tend to get promoted more than individual contributors due to their raise structure. I feel my skills stagnated during my time there, but some have done well, YMMV. And those I know who have left, usually make more $$$ elsewhere.
Advice: Assume goodness, what a crock.
Pros: It's a very good company for those just starting out in their careers since they tend to hire a lot of new college graduates and cater to their training and development. Depending on what area you get into, and your management, your experience can vary widely. They do have a very generous parental/family leave policy, just implemented in the past few years. They also have a very generous tuition reimbursement program. Once established, there are opportunities to apply for international assignments.

Cons: Senior Leadership has been trying to hire in the right person to change the trajectory of the company on the IT and strategy side. They hired a strategy guy - a few reorgs, but no noticeable changes. They hired a digital product guy from pixar - a few reorgs, no noticeable changes. Now they hire an Apple guy who so far has only been working to bring in people he knows from silicon valley. He appears to not really have a plan other than using this experience as an internship to learn from Mary Barra. Expected result - a few reorgs, no noticeable changes.
Advice: With a company as old and storied as GM you cannot hire a visionary to dramatically change everything. They are met with too much resistance - often from within the C Suite itself. Inertia is real and when you try to fabricate change faster than the organization can absorb it you usually degrade the culture with few if any measurable improvements to the bottom line. If you want rapid change - spin things off like Cruise and Brightdrop. Let those things incubate outside of the womb that is still really just trying to build cars and put them on dealer lots. Otherwise the collateral damage of trying to inject change could actually erode the core, and sacrifice the culture that has been hard won over the past decade.
Pros: The Mission, Vision and Values are solid. The work is diverse and exciting. You can work on literally any IT system. GM has one of everything.

Cons: 1.People leaders within the SW space need to be reduced to enable rapid collaboration.They just get in the way of workflow more than helping, coming up with processes for the sake of it. The few that try to collaborate at the working level get easily flustered but having said this there is no doubt there is year over year changes in people leaders that is going in the right direction. 2.In house SW development quality is very poor to put it nicely. 3.Infotainment design and execution is several years behind competitors , needs a complete overhaul fastest option of it being paying suppliers for the next few years to get closer to competition than trying to do it ourselves
Advice: Thanks for trying to do your best, everything written is in the best interest of the organization, Best wishes.
Pros: 1.Lovely People at all levels. This is the single biggest reason for things not falling apart 2.Decent pay ,a good benefits package. 3.A lot of new employees replacing old hands that left are doing well to cover them when provided with the right guidance and the freedom to go about their way to get work done. 4.Mary and the executive leadership are doing their best and to march towards business goals.Its Good to see executives genuinely try.

Cons: Job insecurity: during a lay-off round, sleep is a four letter word Labor is a a commodity: You're on your own. Don't get comfortable with the chair you sit in. You'll move before it's warm. Sometimes you'll move as a team, other times you'll move on your own. High expectations: Expectations aren't always expressed. You have to learn through the grapevines and they mess with your work-life balance. Example: if they give you a cell phone (pretty much standard now) it's expected to be on you pretty much 24/7 and it's not for private use. I used it as such anyway though, because I'm not going to carry around two phones. Another one: at a level 7 you're pretty much expected to work all the time. Not doing that precludes you from moving up the ladder, because it's a rat race. I recommend it, because in comparison to other US employers, GM is pretty good.
Advice: Barra has done great work, but management needs to come off their high horse and start to live what they preach about the GM family. That should be more than saving cash-back points for oil changes and accessories.
Pros: Job stability: In between lay-off rounds you're in a safe place. Work-life balance: Has improved, but there are still some old-school expectations You contribute to stuff that dreams are made of.

Cons: The SR system has gotten a lot better, but a lot of the work can be a series of requests and approvals you have to account for in planning. Something you cant really get away from in a company this big, but its always a risk in planning. Leadership is all over the place about layoffs and layoffs. Most the employees think its sketchy. Only main con is compensation for those who do more than others. I get inflation is a thing now so you have to hire new college hires and experienced hires for more, but those who have been here through the thick and thin are also impacted by inflation. New college hires coming in close to level 7s in terms of salary is a slap in the face when you dont plan on giving us any sort of adjustment.
Advice: None
Pros: Started here out of college and worked my way up to a mid-senior level 7. I think your experience here is mainly impacted on where you land in terms of space/org and manager. I personally loved my experience and the opportunity to grow where you are or move laterally is there. My managers have always been supportive and cared about how I was. Just depends if you decided to outshine others or not. Also an easy place to coast if you are looking for something of that nature. Work life balance has always been awesome. Management has always been flexible for me. Unless you are a slacker, annual raises were always 3-4% maybe more. Bonuses are up and down, but last few years have been good. PTO and Holidays are awesome because of the factory shut downs.

Cons: - Pay is lower than essentially every tech company, GM will claim they want a tech presence but will always be a corporate car company first. By this I mean at a certain point the only way to make career progress is to go management route and climb through endless ranks of management. - GM invests a lot into new hires and as a result has a lot of turnover after 2 years (New hires have to pay back relocation) - Not a lot of senior talent here.
Advice: Attracting and retaining senior talent would provide financial rewards in both the sort and long run. More technical leadership leads to higher reliability / efficiency and less buggy code bases. Its more expensive to rebuild a system several times than to build a system with the experience of forsight.
Pros: - As a senior you are able to hop on more impactful teams since there is a lack of senior talent. - Job security used to be more certain but after layoffs this pro may have shifted. - Work life balance varies, a lot of college new hires like to work weekends and work late to prove themselves but this culture is not expected. It really just depends on the team.
