Cons: They're not interested all forms of DI. Really good Out@Loreal and Parental networks but they aren't ready to tackle race at senior management.
Pay is terrible.
A lot of decisions have to be made in Paris who are culturally very different to other countries so the decisions don't always make sense (and can take forever to arrive).
Advice: Listen to employees and actually do this do tackle the lack of ethnic diversity. It's currently just for the headlines.
Pay more, you can't just rely on the brand name.
Pros: The people, the desire and drive to be a beauty tech company, the staff shop

Cons: More fixing of mess ups because some people are lazy and don’t do their stuff properly. 
People in power tend to be bullies. I am coloured and I hear black pepper complain all the time about the white people.
Advice: Stop going on about ethics when everyone that works there knows the company is not ethical. Say nothing and continue being the way you are and get more respect for it than lie about being it.
Pros: Staff prices on products. Good vibes with some people.

Cons: - overhours, even you need to leave the office on time, often you finish work from home until late at night
- depending on the teams often hostile environment
- feedback on incompetent leaders are continuously ignored by HR and those manager keep getting promoted as long as the sales numbers are correct
- a lot of talks on inclusiveness, but mostly as a PR story
Advice: None
Pros: - nice lifestyle with the job 
- young teams who are willing to bring the brands forward
- lots of responsibilities from the start

Cons: -Extremely stressful work environment. Everything is done last minute, no one knows who is responsible for what, and everyone is over-worked. Everything is thrown together and assigned to you at the very last minute, despite management knowing about projects months ahead of time. Pure chaos.
 
 -High turnover rate means that people are shoved into roles and there is a lack of continuity. New tasks outside of your responsibility will be assigned to you without even asking. It's hard to keep up with who is in charge of what because it changes so often.
 
 -Insufficient, disorganized, and informal training of new hires. You must constantly hunt people down to try get trained on programs and processes that are essential for you to do your job effectively. It is hard to find people willing to show you things. Management tells you to just figure it out because that's what they had to do.
 
 -Management is not open to constructive comments about process improvement. When you question the processes in place, they will tell you that "that's just how things are" and gaslight you for questioning them.
 
 -The work culture is very fictitious. They will talk about inclusion and diversity. They will send e-mails about mental health. But in reality, they promote only a certain type of people, and the high-stress work environment and lack of any structure make it difficult to maintain your mental health.
 
 -There is very little teamwork. It's every man for themselves. 
 
 -Unreasonable workload. You will be expected to juggle upwards of 20 projects at a time. Management loses track of what you are working on, so they will just assign more and more. They will not ask you if you can take on new projects, they will just forward them to you. You will receive so many big complicated projects with extremely tight deadlines that you will have a panic attack each time you get a new e-mail from certain people.
 
 -Lack of job security: the company is infamous for hiring people on contract. They want to test you out. They will string you along with the vague idea that you will eventually be hired on permanently. You will receive no health benefits and you will be excluded from additional perks such as public transit allowances. You will feel like you are not a true employee, but instead, a lower class within the workplace.
 
 -Zero transparency with staff. Management makes many "strategic" choices behind closed doors. There is always a lot of whispering and secret conversations. Everything always felt very sneaky.
Advice: -Provide formal and standardized training, tools, and resources to your employees upon hire.
 
 -Senior managers need to closely monitor middle management to ensure that their staff is happy and well-equipped with proper resources and knowledge.
 
 -Be transparent with your employees.
 
 -Recognize the hard work of your employees and thank them regularly.
 
 -Truly listen to your employee's concerns and work with them to find a solution. Do not just tell them to "figure it out" or that "that's just the way things are here".
 
 -Ensure that workloads are reasonable.
Pros: -Summer Fridays = finishing at 12:30 every Friday in summer
 -Winter Fridays = finishing at 3pm on Friday during winter
 -Free access to Coursera and other online courses
 -50% discount on their products in the employee boutique
 -Downtown office

Cons: very senior executive leader who he thinks its ok to make advances at Christmas party's with DJ's, have inappropriate conversations with more junior staff about 'relationships' and likes to talk about motorbikes and bayside living to pump himself up. I would expect more from a female focused business. ashamed to work here.
Advice: locally under this leadership nothing will change, its for Paris to get involved and clean out the local rubbish, this would start making this global business a local standout.
Pros: great brands with global support, fun to work with retailers when global brands, great office location,

Cons: The retail and education departments of the LUXE division in the UK are very 'clicky'.. it's all about who you know and they are discriminatory if you are not white and British. Terrible and toxic environment.
Advice: a) Be more inclusive and walk your talk with regards being diverse and inclusive. b) Respect people's work-life balance and not make people work 60 hours per week with no overtime payment.. 
c) Senior management to at least pretend not to be clicky with each other and give fair opportunities and treat others with respect.
Pros: their benefits package is okay although a little behind competitors.

Cons: Fast environment, plans change often.
If no process or workflow to manage these changes, it will become overwhelming.
Time consuming operational, manual tasks and processes.
Advice: Remuneration can be more competitive.
Some committed employees who stayed a long time and salaries are not pegged to market should have their salaries reviewed.
Pros: Supply Chain and Finance have strong position with business divisions
Favorable career opportunities 
Flexible work conditions
Decisive managers

Cons: Put into a new employment structure of be luxe with a couple of weeks notice, don’t find the training to be beneficial although it’s put together well. 
Not working in the role I originally desired and has with the company due to cuts.
Advice: None
Pros: Great during lockdowns and covid, transferred when store closure.

Cons: * Diversity is openly discussed and treated as a tick box exercise.
* Unethical behaviours in HR function (e.g., blatant nepotism - we were asked to hire on the children of friends of senior HR leadership)
* Incompetent, borderline cruel management (e.g., bullying and harassing employees that they dislike or want to drive out of their team).
* Vain, toxic, disorganized, and inefficient culture driven from the top.
Advice: None
Pros: Ambitious, fast-paced environment. Loads of projects always on the docket.

Cons: Can be very stressful with the amount of workload and you find yourself working outside of work hours and sometimes in the weekend to complete work.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities, equal pay, career and personal development, support, and the people are great!

Perks: Product allowance, summer hours, Friday drinks, gym membership, tennis court access, health and life insurance, profit share, various events, and much more!

Cons: Had to let security search bags entering and leaving the building, management/supervisors were very mistrustful of employees in general. Had to work a certain number of hours to earn the employee discount.
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee discounts, flexible work hours

Cons: Intense, salary could be better for hours spent. HR is a joke
Advice: None
Pros: It’s a good school to begin with. It is very fast paced and intense at time. You must like that kind of vibe to stay long.

Cons: Average pay, management is not diverse, a lot of fire fighting
Advice: Reward deserving employees more, else they will leave
Pros: Autonomy, ownership of work, relatively flat hierarchy

Cons: - Very high expectations 
- No work life balance
Advice: - listen to employees when they sound out frustration and really make an action to change
Pros: - Working with some of the smartest minds 
- Steep learning curve, eventually pick up lots of skillsets
- People are generally nice

Cons: Long working hours.
Some management likes to give credits to those who doesn't know their work.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexi and good benefits. Able to work at your own pace.

Cons: Very low salary increases as everyone is raised, huge uncertainty in terms of career projection/evolution, lack of process &amp; structure.
Advice: None
Pros: Sense of exigence and a company that always targets excellence. It's an amazing place to learn and grow, a real school.

Cons: Scarce jobs making it hard to secure a job with them
Advice: None
Pros: All products have clear indications on use
They pay their employees on time

Cons: - very toxic, fake environment; a strong career development plan involves a lot of sugar talking and getting along with the right people
- huge workload
Advice: None
Pros: - trainings and a lot of resources if you want to learn new stuff (and you have time for that)
- a lot of free products and other benefits (events)

Cons: I was hired at the the outcome of my interviews
Advice: Be sure your technical skills and experiences
Pros: Loreal is a huge global company to be having excellent skills and improving yourself

Cons: Stress // pushing the target. Lots of late night work
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Learn a lot
2. Stretch yourself 
3. Opportunity to have training and travel abroad

Cons: - Fast pace day-to-day work style, sometimes can be overwhelming.
Advice: -
Pros: - We are constantly learning, it is a company that invests in their employees

Cons: During peak season work hours can be very long and I would argue for the amount interns do they’re underpaid
Advice: None
Pros: Work Culture and People are amazing

Cons: Status and being seen it's what matters the most, not good work
Advice: Stop trying to have the coolest kids, start having the best employeees
Pros: Well known in the market, opens a lot of doors

Cons: - Work life balance (number FTE too low)
- Processes not efficient (the company requires better IT tools to make collaboration easier)
- Remuneration not competitive for juniors 
- Digital expertise sometimes missing internally
Advice: None
Pros: Great team spirit, people &amp; great brands

Cons: Day-to-day tasks differ from the tasks advertised in the job description.
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, network, professionalism and work-life balance.

Cons: don't keep promises on position availability no matter how hard &amp; good you work
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work hours, serene environment, work from home

Cons: Workload can be heavy at some periods
Advice: None
Pros: Your experience really depends on the manager you have. Exciting, dynamic and rich work environment.

Cons: Bad salary, long hours, not easy to move up
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great learning experience

Cons: No Benefits, Little to no development, Slow foot-Traffic
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Schedule, Easy Scheduling, Local, Simple Job Responsibilities, Independent Work

Cons: - overtime 
- huge workload
- no bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: - good office location
- good tools offered: good notebook, personal phone, good monitors

Cons: Long working hours and terrible company culture
Advice: None
Pros: Mature management trainee program and able to grow up in few years.

Cons: not many cons to write about
Advice: None
Pros: great people and an awesome brand

Cons: Not very nice to foreign workers by not allowing them to work from their home country during Covid quarantine
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and nice office.
A lot of training

Cons: extremely catty work environment, no work-life balanace.
Advice: None
Pros: you get to try products.

Cons: Some responsibilities should be conducted by agencies instead of the role's owner
Advice: None
Pros: Acts both as core marketeer and digital marketeer

Cons: Overloaded job tasks may lead you to frequent overtime work
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work arrangement &amp; environment. Caring WFH policy allows you to work best

Cons: Things get unstructured in Loreal due to very people oriented company
Advice: Better SOP at important processes
Pros: 1. Collaborative colleagues
2. Great benefit 
3. Exiting projects

Cons: Work can be intense sometimes but it gives space for intern to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Nice team members and great scope of work

Cons: Long Working Hour
Office Politics
Average Salary
Advice: None
Pros: Free Goods
Medical Insurance
Remote Work
Flexibility
Nice Colleagues

Cons: Some out of scope work depending on the function, but this something that also makes you grow and explore other areas so not that really negative.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, Team Spirit, Fast Paced, International Cultural context

Cons: lack of process
politics can slow things down
Advice: None
Pros: great company culture, amazing people, learning environment, challenging (in a good way!) work, entrepreneurial, fast paced

Cons: Work on modernizing was of working globally
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands and great people

Cons: Administrative complexity
Too many stakeholders
Often teams keep their actual job while doing project on top
Advice: None
Pros: Possibilities to propose innovative projects
Great team competency in IT and Business

Cons: Old fashioned processes, French culture
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting brands, fast paced culture

Cons: Same objectives with a good vibe at work
Advice: None
Pros: Good school and a big family

Cons: 1. slow in transformation 
2. organized chaos lack of processes
3. Nepotism
4. Lack of trainings and learning opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: 1. International team and brands
2. High salaries 
3. Employee retention
4. Enterprenuerial culture

Cons: Have to be multitasking. Bottle neck in terms of getting Promotions..hard to achieve
Advice: None
Pros: Good renumeration
Good Perks
Work Environment is good
Management think abt employees

Cons: Can’t think of any.. :)
Advice: None
Pros: Superb working environment, strong and agile team, always ambitious and think big!

Cons: Pay starts ok and becomes increasingly uncompetitive
Advice: None
Pros: Learnings are amazing, stability with budgets through big brand marketing.

Cons: Working hours, Stres, Work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Digital, Beauty, Ecom, Global, 360 Marketing

Cons: Bad company culture and senior management. Not a cohesive environment to work in.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and product allowances. Good bonuses.

Cons: weak communications among people and full time hours of service
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and teamwork and good products

Cons: Increment and promotion is very less
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly , medium term for employment

Cons: Challenging environment requiring high working hours and people management skills.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of good employee benefits such as Profit Sharing, CSE and in-office hairdresser, spa and banking service.

Cons: fOR THE MOMENT I SEE NO ISSUE
Advice: nO
Pros: Highy recommend THE OMPANY FOR A GOOD WORK LIFE BALANCED

Cons: The salaries are quite low
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly company, where experience to work

Cons: Sometimes given unreasonable targets when it’s quieter.
Advice: None
Pros: Great discounts, great training, good products

Cons: Low salary
No extras at all
Advice: None
Pros: People, interst, processes, success, like a family

Cons: Not enough level of average salary
Advice: None
Pros: Best company in the world

Cons: incentives are low need to improve
Advice: offer good incentive please
Pros: Offer good salary and expenses

Cons: - Roles to upgrade into are limited.
Advice: None
Pros: - Work environment is very positive.

Cons: Very high paced environment, requires being on top of the work all the time.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities are plenty and very useful for long term career building.

Cons: Long working hours all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Get to work with smart people

Cons: workload too much, a lot of agenda
Advice: less stressful
Pros: good discount, nice office, work from home benefit

Cons: Crazy hours. Be ready to work HARD!
Advice: None
Pros: Great discounts on all LOREAL products. Closed du ring the holiday, plus min 3 week vacay.

Cons: No cons no cons no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work ours, good good good

Cons: Too many working hours overload workload
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good salary, improve

Cons: Top down pressure and unrealistic deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Hard working team and collaborative

Cons: The career path is not so greatfull
Advice: None
Pros: The remuneration and atmosphere is really good

Cons: hight performance expectation, low support to achieve this
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, good environment to work

Cons: Rotation shifts, long hours commuting
Advice: None
Pros: Traveling, luxury products,education, team spirit

Cons: There isn't anything to say.
Advice: None
Pros: There are a lot of opportunities of career growth and development, very amicable working environment.

Cons: Competitive working environment 
All woman
Advice: None
Pros: Hard working people, Fun, fashionable, leading company

Cons: Very stressed il and carry ambience r
Advice: Nonce
Pros: Good insurance and good bonuses overall

Cons: busy busy busy work overtime
Advice: None
Pros: fast paced environment, you will learn a lot.
good benefits

Cons: It can be very political
Advice: None
Pros: Sharing beauty with everyone - including employees 
its more of a community where you can find yourself

Cons: -Non-competitive wages
-Bad work/life balance
-Unclear processes
Advice: None
Pros: -Generally cooperative colleagues
-Good reference in the FMCG sector

Cons: low salary
lack of cooperation
competitiveness
Over 40 hours work
lack of sex balance
Advice: None
Pros: experience
drive office projects Diversity SWAG

Cons: heavy workload, constantly stressed, lots of internal procedures to follow
Advice: None
Pros: 2 days of wfh per week
medical benefits are quite good

Cons: Apac gone, over work, time management, meetings,
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse, opportunity, open minded, gifts,work from home

Cons: Promotes too quickly, before employee is just learning their role.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, 
Great benefits 
Growth program is excellent

Cons: huge amount of workload and bad worklife balance
Advice: None
Pros: Enthusiastic team and very collaborative

Cons: Very closed in some aspects
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to go international with lots of privileges

Cons: This king of job could be paid
Advice: None
Pros: Various tasks that you choose yourself

Constant feedback

Learning opportunities

Cons: High pressure work environment and long days.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast learning curve, a lot of responsibility for junior employees and opportunities to develop.

Cons: poor work environment poor management high work load
Advice: None
Pros: nice aesthetics. freebies training opportunities

Cons: Manual processes during day to day
Advice: None
Pros: Great autonomy to make decisions

Cons: crazy hours and stressful environment
Advice: None
Pros: good opportunity to grow your carrier

Cons: High workload and stress
No solutions to reducing this
Making teams leaner and adding no headcount
High targets and limited resources
Many people having work related mental health breakdowns
Advice: None
Pros: Good brand on CV
Free/discounted beauty products

Cons: French culture 
Long hours
Volatile 
Tough culture 
Networking
Advice: None
Pros: Ambitious 
Flexible 
Horizontal 
Proactive 
Nice people

Cons: low salary and low work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good environment and lovely workers

Cons: presure on Qtr endings &amp; lots push
Advice: care for understanding ground reality
Pros: good working culture , free to work

Cons: Growth rate is very slow
Advice: None
Pros: I have learned a lot
International environment

Cons: You are not told of current openings. Salaries are not posted.
Advice: None
Pros: Growth Potential in most markets.

Cons: very nice people and environment
Advice: None
Pros: I am excited to work in loreal

Cons: Not many processes in place
Advice: None
Pros: Good people and culture ☺️

Cons: Demand by season. Central work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation. Good salary. Time

Cons: male dominant energy in my domain
Advice: None
Pros: growth is available at the start

Cons: work schedule is pretty hectic
Advice: None
Pros: work environment is really nice

Cons: many procedures, complicated environment, stress
Advice: None
Pros: ethical company , people management and salary

Cons: Team, manager, environment, daily tasks
Advice: None
Pros: A very good annual salary

Cons: some managers doesn't give the real appreciations no matter how hard worker you are, there is some communication issues between the managers and their teams. my manager wasn't supporting me all the time. the HR as much as they are doing the best to make the work place better but they didn't take a considerations when it's comes to any reasons why people get terminated.
Advice: please give your team a space to breath and to speak up freely about the negative points and listen to them when it comes to what they feel and what they think when it's related to the work and the business, for the HR please ask the employee about the real reason why they cannot work smoothly with their managers. and before you decide to terminate  anyone make sure that you have investigate enough to be fare.
Pros: Career Opportunities , Benefits, Culture, Diversity

Cons: Despite the numerous yearly evaluations done to the employees, HR does not fully nor profesionally review them before firing someone, so they keep firing good people just becuse "a Manager said so". 
In the end, you can be fired just becuse a new boss is not very found of you in a personal level, depite your many top contributions to the Company. So sad!
Advice: Establish additional control and investigation processes within HR, to ensure that your top employees are not fired for personal or false reasons.
Pros: I worked there for almost 9 years and the overall experience was awsome!!
L'Oréal is a place where you'll never get bored and where you'll be able to learn and apply as much as you want. There is a lot of freedom to work and they also offer great additional benefits such as flex-time, home-office, etc.
I loved every single moment of my time there!!

Cons: - No babysit culture (applicable to new hires) - may serve as a challenge for new hires who prefers to work alone with minimum interaction as you need to take initiative in reaching out to your buddies/ mentors/ internal stakeholders 
- Not the top payer in FMCG
Advice: Please look into improving dated benefits for local markets and key functions
Pros: - Results driven company, therefore high pressure and fast paced culture, which equates to having colleagues who are direct and straight forward but not unreasonable; they are actually helpful if you take the 1st step to approach and ask questions
- A company that actually works WITH you on your career development, and offers internal mobility (disclaimer: for good/ top performers that genuinely delivers at work!)
- Flat hierarchy 
- Genuinely encourages "speak up" culture, values voices and opinions of talents regardless of seniority

Cons: Unsustainable workload (particularly in the marketing brand teams) with extremely stretched thin resource. Especially during the beauty “bounce back” after Covid-19. This leads to frustration, low team morale, regular burn-out and always feeling like you are firefighting rather than getting ahead.
Advice: The only way to improve colleague stress is to reduce workload and increase headcount. It’s nice to have wellness programmes but ultimately the only way to shift the dial is to change those two things above.
Pros: Fantastic, inspiring work colleagues
Forward thinking ways of working (though not 100% there yet)
Fun social perks
Great employee benefits 
Free products
Sense of pride and admiration for working for an amazing beauty company. A family team feel.

Cons: Unachievable sales goals, management not respectful of your days off, they expect you to take the calls even though they are off on weekends and are unavailable to take calls. Not alot of ability to move up or progress in your career unless you work in the head office in Montreal. They keep giving the upper management more work instead of promoting employees. Some managers have 3 or 4 job titles.
Advice: Please give credit where credit is due. Give part time workers benefits and show appreciation for the employees who are working for you
Pros: 4 weeks of vacation, global profit sharing, stock options, bonus pay, heath benefits and comprehensive care and share program. Workplace stability.

Cons: 1) No regard for work-life balance
2) Usually under-pay compared to competition
3) Compensation levels not consistent for the same role. Discrimination very common in compensation levels
4) Management attitude not to the standard of a global MNC
Advice: 1) Have a clear definition of what will be earned upon reaching a certain role. Lack of consistency in pay for those taking up a new role impacts motivation.
2) Facilitate work-life balance. 
3) Invest in "human". You call the company a "people-first" company.
4) Investment in tech development should not come at the cost of investment in people.
Pros: 1) Company invests in learning
2) Good co-workers (pre-pandemic)
3) Opportunity for growth
4) Immense learning opportunities
5) One of the biggest companies in the world

Cons: All about networking far more than performance, very competitive. Young leadership that needs to be shapped. Poor HR management with lack of undertsanding what leadership trully means (despite the country)
Advice: Please HR, be caring to your employees. Understand who your public is and enable them for what they can acutally become. Do not hinder people's growth due to your frustrations. Leaders...be mature before you aim to grow in your career, your knowhow and expertise has to match your emotional maturity, after all your first product is the peple you work with!
Pros: You will be very autonomy to create new procedure, millenials workstyle, awesome brands to work with

Cons: Too agile, no career progression/ development planned. People come and leave in 2-3 years, taking with them entire knowledge on brand with no cross training for the junior ones. Mid management are then hired but they bail in half a year due to poor work life balance and this expectation that you’re hired to solve a problem with little to no context.
Advice: More for loreal to grow in having structured communications for new-comers, taking over database without any handover. Most importantly to plan for career opportunities and development, high turnover rate isn’t helping business urgencies or morale.
Pros: Young culture. Lively workplace. Trendy topics

Cons: - due to fast-paced nature of business, guidance is often lacking making work a lot harder (need to place much greater emphasis on creating clear systems and processes)
- very results driven (understandable) but often feel like individual guidance is a side thought.
- long hours
Advice: Encourage managers to place more emphasis on people rather than results - results come when there is transparency and people feel valued, take the time to iron out systems/processes early - will save time in the long run
Pros: - Great setting to start your career, thrown into the deep end early on 
- lots of great people 
- good perks: summer hours, generous product allowance

Cons: When I went back into a casual role after being made redundant it was like I no longer existed. It took 10 weeks for me to get a Christmas casual contract and then another 5 weeks to get a regular casual contract despite being a loyal employee for years prior.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked at L’Oréal as both a manager and a casual. When i was a store manager I got a lot more support from the area managers and head office. The other L’Oréal staff were also amazing and fun to work with and there were some awesome work benefits with a great range of free products.

Cons: Very lean structure, I did not have a life while I was there. I was so busy I didn't have time to take advantage of their training opportunities or leave benefits. Went to work while sky was dark and came home when sky was dark. Didn't have a supportive manager as well, I was the third person to leave the company after a year in the same role.
Advice: None
Pros: I was at the Singapore branch, excellent benefits, training opportunities, generally good productive people to work with, opportunities to showcase your work and shine

Cons: You are not guaranteed a graduate role at the end of your internship and the way the talent team judge your performance is beyond flawed. If you don't look or 'fit' the L'Oreal head office brand you won't make it far. They rate your performance based on the big projects you've been involved in but not everyone has the opportunity to be part of those.
Advice: Review the internship / graduate process before you lose talented graduates that have spent a year contributing to the business. The company couldn't survive without interns.
Pros: staff shop
staff sale
a lot of responsibility from the beginning

Cons: - Stressful, unrealistic timelines.
- Worked long hours with little recognition.
- Don't believe in creating processes, expect existing staff to take on more work as they make people redundant. 
- No work life balance - If you are unwell or have annual leave, management still call you on you on your days off. Expected to work  and still check your emails and reply.
- No proper handover for new staff, expects staff to pick up and run with it. 
- Every decision is controlled by overseas Executive team.
- They get staff to spend useless amouts of time of internal presentation packs, when they should be concentrating on fixing and upgrading their internal processes and systems.
- Management level are in their own bubble and need to see and experience how other companies managing and operating.
- High staff over - except for the Executive team, they promote from within.
- While many companies are still encouraging to work from home*Covid* L'Oréal wants to staff to come back into the office asap. - They say they are flexible but really they want to see staff in the office.
Advice: Most of the Management level are in their own bubble. Some have never worked anywhere else except L'Oréal, so they don't  get to experience how other companies managing and operating.
Need to have a  mix of New management, fresh pair of eyes to bring new ideas and give an outside perspective. Otherwise the company will be in the same cycle, with high continuous staff turnover and Ex staff bad mouthing about the terrible experience they had with L'Oréal. Great brands, but don't have a good reputation in the marketplace.
Listen to your staff if they say they're stressed or overworked take action and make sure you can help them. Don't call or text/interrupt them on their days off, annual & sick days are taken for a reason.
Pros: - Summer hours 2pm finish on a Friday.
- Staff shop perks.
- Free department products. 
- Good colleagues staff are great.
- Great range of global brands under L'Oréal.

Cons: - Overworked and poor work/life balance. High attrition rate. Even before the pandemic, you can feel that everyone just wants to survive the week. Sadly, you will even have to worry about urgent issues or problems to fix on weekends. The pandemic made it worse but the high-stress environment has always been there. You will most likely see employees ranting out on Instagram/Facebook that they just want the week to be over. But it’s a cycle and it seems to never end.
- Long working hours. Pre-pandemic you will see employees working in the office until evening. You will feel ashamed of leaving early because your colleagues are still in the office even after dinner time. You will realize that the compensation and benefits such as 'Freedom Friday' are just to compensate for your overtime every day.
- No investment in modern tools/apps and process efficiency. It seems people are stuck with Excel to do most of their work. This is a problem because employees spend a lot of time and energy on manual processes and execution, and no one wants to initiate change because everyone is just too tired already just to finish their tasks. 
- Managers are all smart and great individual contributors, but I think too young or still need maturity in managing direct reports. Those are different yet equally important skill sets.
- The ‘too much friendly’ culture can be a problem in the workplace also. Because everyone is your friend, everything becomes urgent and people work by asking for favors and considerations all the time. Sadly it becomes toxic because it seems your life will revolve around L’Oreal and you will not have a personal space/time outside L’Oreal. Not to mention the gossipy culture evident in L'Oreal PH.
Advice: Please accept that people are overworked and there is poor work/life balance. Be an example of changing this culture by setting realistic deadlines and a manageable workload. Keep up with the modern times on improving efficiency and how we work.
Pros: - Compensation and benefits, generous allowances on top of monthly salary
- Free products at company events and employee discounts
- People are all nice and willing to help each other get through the week
- Sustainability efforts on all of its brands
- Once a month half day off
- Great established global brand, sadly not so much as a workplace when you are already inside the company. They say L'Oreal works like a start-up, but it operates on a bigger scale being an established brand, which makes it chaotic.
- Growth and fast career advancement, but only if you are willing to sell your soul to the company

Cons: They create positions for people who are already high up just for the sake of it and the title without them actually being a true asset to deserve that position in the company
Advice: Promote people who actually deserve it and instead of asking more from your Beauty Assistants and Makeup Artists ,  ask the regionals and national makeup artists to put more effort towards taking the business further.
Pros: •Some good benefits ( staffshop , commission , hamper bags) 
•My team in the stores I’ve been has always been great.

Cons: The culture is so trong you realize that is highly unhealthy and toxic for young people to grow as young professionnals. They will teach you the L'Oreal way, which will make you a very good profesionnals. But you will also have a compltemy biais vision of what it takes to be good. It is not made for everybody. When you realize that sometimes is too late.
Advice: People are not assets you can play with.
Pros: Strong culture, feels like you "belong somewhere" when you are young. 
Possibilities are endlress (if you are ready to pay the price for it...)

Cons: 1. Career Development Plan is not set for many, poor milestones which makes you lost , depends more on the opportunities raised (reactive) rather than creating ones (proactive).
2. Salary package is poor, the curve is decreasing make it less competitive to others.
Advice: Work more on the career development for employees and the salary package and benefits after benchmarking with others.
Pros: 1. Career Development in a very flexible environment. Company promotes change of positions despite background. which increases the learning curve.
2. Clear vision and strategy on the corporate level which helps to make things clear and promotes alignment.
3. Learning.

Cons: - Conflict is a very normal way of communicating in this company. Not always very efficient nor constructive. 
- Ensure that employees are mature before you promote them to avoid creating a playground at management level
Advice: Show that respect and constructive feedback are the basis of every healthy functioning company
Pros: You'll get the opportunity to learn from the best and experience a company culture that aims at pushing you out of your comfort zone. It's a fast faced environment and it's not for everyone, but the empowerment they give to employees is unrivaled.

Cons: L'Oréal is great if you have no children and are starting your career and are ready to put a lot of hours in. It works great at the beginning of a career because of the involvement required. Once you advance in experience, you might want to move and get something less challenging to have more of a balanced life.
Advice: None
Pros: You work like an entrepreneur and manage your own work. Fast pace environment and energetic co-workers from all horizons. Standards are high in the output and it brings the best out of you.

Cons: The work ethos can be overwhelming, they're notorious for working incredibly hard but this can sometimes lead to staying in the office until 8pm, merely because the rest of your team is.
Advice: Set a better example of healthy working ours, everyone should work at their own pace and on their own terms - sometimes this can get lost due to teams working incredibly long hours, which then gets filtered down as something that's expected of you.
Pros: They really take care of their employees and your mental wellbeing within the company.

Cons: The work/life balance has always been (and continues to be) an issue - unrealistic expectations in terms of deliverables, and endless rework and revalidation mean that things take far longer than they should. It is also a very political environment, with a lot of paranoia amongst managers - especially at a senior level.
Advice: None
Pros: The company has some great brands and there is a lot of energy in the place. The company is also very good at fitting your career path to your individual interests and strengths,

Cons: No work life balance
Too many meetings
Senior management keeps changing priorities
Senior leadership are great at beauty but not great leaders
Toxic people are kept even at upper management
Advice: Learn how to make choices and stick with them
Expand requirement for leaders to not just be beauty experts but be great people leaders, and exit toxic leaders
Greatly reduce # of review meetings
Pros: Fast-paced so things are always exciting, at the forefront of innovation
Working on beauty brands is a lot of fun
Very competitive salary &amp; benefits

Cons: good morning and then I can be there for you guys have a great time to get the best way to get the job description and the institution of the incoming batch
Advice: good, efficient extract of all the best way to get the job doneand is not a problem with this new one is the best way to get the job
Pros: good, efficient extract of all the best way to get the job doneand is not a problem with this new one is the best way to get the job

Cons: - the constant necessity to be "agile" merely a euphemism for extremely heavy workloads. Expect to be working long hours and sacrificing a lot of personal time especially with the "work from home" initiative. Impromptu calls while having dinner and excessive meetings late into the evening / night is common
- work culture can be toxic
Advice: None
Pros: - benefits and perks are definitely a plus point. Staff purchases as well as insurance package (flexi options) is very desirable
- definitely adds value to your CV by having L'Oreal as part of your work experience due to their presence
- exposure to various aspects of FMCG and luxury products is comprehensive

Cons: Only come to work here if you are ok with having terrible work life balance.
Many staff are prone to burnout so turnover is relatively high
Advice: While I understand having a lean structure is sometimes necessary when business is down, having 1 person cover multiple roles is not working efficiently. It is double batting and definitely detrimental to long term productivity of your employee.
Pros: Looks great on your resume
Great place to learn 
Attractive benefits (eg. Company freebies, medical benefits, transport stipend)

Cons: - Can be a highly stressful environment
- Remuneration could do with some work
- A lot of red tape to get projects moving smoothly (also, understandable given the nature, size and responsibility of the business)
Advice: Keep making progressive changes that have been seen in recent years. Keep your focus on "the people" and the culture.
Pros: - Opportunity to work on some of the most globally recognised brands
- In recent years, a huge focus on company culture 
- Great perks

Cons: Discriminative in Salary, Nationality and gender.
Appointments and promotions more on contacts then Merit.
Good work atmosphere but very political.
Long work hours for some.
Management very far from ground realities.
Advice: Ignorances is not bliss!
Stand for and support  the employees on company drawn ethics  and not make it a scapegoat.
Be neutral and give a ear to your employees in critical situation on employees career and exit to know if the decision is not biased.
Pros: Good company to work for.

Cons: Good Processes but ghastly execution. 
Lack of transparency. 
Too much politics/ Lack of meritocracy - the best person for the job might not always get it.
Advice: Time to walk the talk as per L'Oreal's Ethical Principles which India is nowhere close to. 
Integrity, Respect, Courage and Transparency can't be just shown in  slides but needs to be followed in person as well.
Pros: Global Exposure, 
Good Processes, 
Vast avenues for learning
Know how to build products/brands.

Cons: Poor pay- well below competitor companies. 
Challenging targets resulting in minimal commission payout. 
Days can be long and boring.
Advice: Listen and respect your part time staff as much you do your counter managers. This part time BA did a bulk of the account managers role yet all credit went to the manager instead of joint acknowledgment.
Pros: Stong and supportive management team. 
Good staff discount and generous product allowance.
Staff well-being very important to the company.

Cons: Database not well-organized for new comers to catch up on legacy work and many documents still exist only in French.
Matrix organization within the company difficult to navigate through to get to the right contact.
Despite new reorganization, people still work in silos.
Advice: None
Pros: Provides dynamic career trajectory for those who excel due to less structured and rigid career path.
A very ethical company that is mindful of safety, performance and sustainability.
A lot of learning opportunities through training and short-term assignments.

Cons: - EVERYTHING
- Everything is a LIE , they advertise women of color, but there is no WOC on executive boards or HR management 
- Make a labour board complaint and in writing
- HR is racist and will no help employees
- They pay marketing more than sales
- D&amp;I is a lie
- 60+ hours on a terrible salary
Advice: STOP CARING MORE ABOUT PROMOTING FRENCH MALES AND START WORRING ABOUT HAVING HR AND MANAGEMENT ACTUALLY BE REPRESENTATIVE OF PEOPLE YOU ARE PUSHING YOUR PRODUCTS TOO
Pros: - discounted products
- you get to say you work for l'oreal

Cons: Very poor management that encourages unethical behaviours , HR has no active role. Not such an ethical company after all.
Advice: People don’t leave companies - they leave bad managers. Take care of your asset employees more - if you don’t want to be left with the B’ class ones . It will ruin the company’s reputation.
Pros: Great company with a large portfolio of brands, you get to learn a lot.

Cons: - Very undefined career path for some roles 
- Instability at management positions
Advice: Push harder the career evolution of your people and try to stabilize senior positions
Pros: - Work-life balance in my team is very good
- There is a high level of flexibility
- Benefits are a lot 
- People are the best part in L’Oréal
- From junior levels, you’re treated fairly and given all the opportunities to shine

Cons: - Little work-life balance because much time is spent figuring out processes and who is in charge of which area.
- A lot of administrative work falls onto Marketing teams due to lack of structure.
- Because of strict finance control, it creates even more unnecessary processes.
Advice: Simplify for real efficiency. Not just for showcase.
Pros: Good pay and benefits. Exposure to regional and global team and trends.

Cons: Within the team everyone wants to perform and will indirectly or directly arrow you. If the Boss is good and fair, you are safe. If the Boss ears are too light, then you will be arrowed.
Advice: Base on your Bosses
Pros: Great in staff benefits &amp; opportunity to grow with different division. A place you can demonstrate your skills. Able to work with many different function within the Company.

Cons: It is a very high stress environment; they say they want creativity, but truly they want you to say what the boss says. Limited possibilities to implement new ideas.
Advice: Leave off the micromanagement, don’t send email after work hours
Pros: Pay, dresscode, cafeteria, friday hours, holidays, advantages, social benefits, coffee, discounts, work from home, christmas time off, advancement possibilities, location

Cons: -the new CEO Hieronimus is well known for being extremely tough. It’s a huge step backward for the company as it has strived for years to improve its reputation and external image. 
Career paths are random for the most part: they remain extremely unclear and down to the people you meet and work with. If you end up working on the wrong brand or in the wrong division, you will get stuck and have a slow progression with endless parallel moves that will degrade your curriculum. HR’s do not even hide the fact that each career at L’oreal is highly singular: in other words, it’s down to plain luck. Those that emerge are not the most talented ones but those who were lucky enough to work with influential people who over the years worked their way up the corporate ladder. The so called meritocracy that the company often boasts is a complete lure.
Don’t expect a progressive stance on home office either: at best employees will get 2 days of home office whereas most corporations have taken the leap and now let their employees work 100% from home if they wish.
Increasing positive discrimation too: if you are a mid age white male, you will struggle, however good your records are.
Terrible work life balance if you work in a local business unit or in a DMI.
Advice: Merit-based promotions leveraging 360 evaluations. 
Higher monthly salaries with much less profit sharing: when a company delivers 3,5 months of revenue in profit sharing and about 12% of variable pay you know that something is wrong with your monthly pay slip. 
Real training: E-learning is used massively to keep most employees away from proper personal development trainings. Only a handful of employees still benefit from coaching or leadership training. 
Stop simplicity: everyone knows it’s a decoy.
Pros: Most brands are good, but lots of them are also totally overlooked. Pick the right ones or end up suffering a lot with zero budget and maximum pressure to turn them around like all your predecessors who tried, failed (and left).

Cons: Hierarchical organisation that you have to be able to resist. You have to earn your time to speak.
Advice: Don’t be afraid of the younger generations. Experience is important but the world is changing to fast to think your years on the job make you know it all.
Pros: If you are willing to work, the sky is the limit. Being french defenitely helps as well.

Cons: -Its a very matrixed organisation- can be hard to get decisions made or to find out the right answers.
-Keep the focus on development
Advice: None
Pros: -World class brands, really innovative.
-Great team; can see that the Leadership team have a vision
-Lots of opportunity to develop &amp; grow my career
-Employee engagement is taking seriously
-Really supportive over covid &amp; lockdowns

Cons: Trust in senior management is low and treatment of women on maternity leave is poor.
Advice: Practice what you preach
Pros: Training is vast and continuous. Huge investment in this allows you to always learn. Job roles can be very diverse and movement into different departments is often possible, even if you don't have the full skill set.

Cons: You never rest. 
If you do, it’s never well met. 
Everything is an emergency, you can’t seem to prep in advance always unexpected projects falling in your lap.

Internal structure and procedures abound and there are no real training or learning system established. You learn by ask questions, and venturing into the unknown.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Opportunity to learn different careers 
Great and big projects
Big budgets

Cons: Not very competitive package.
Young Local Management Leaders is a good thing but in cost of Management experience and decision making.
No room from career path development.
Good talents leave frequently
Advice: Keep on hold to good Talents, by reviewing pay scale benefits, and create a practical career path plan.
Pros: Room to innovate and apply your innovation without being afraid to make mistakes.
Good Ethics.

Cons: Lack of processes
Too much French influence
Advice: None
Pros: If you want to build entrepreneurship, this is the place. While it could get chaotic and it might take time to get used to the L'Oreal culture, once you do, you realize that you can scale great heights in your career. The organization respects its people and encourages creativity

Cons: If you are a woman of colour, don’t even bother entertaining applying. It will be a waste of your time and mental health. They only promote Caucasian French people to reflect their Parisian roots. Everyone else is overworked and never compensated.
Advice: Listen to your employees. They are suffering and begging for better leadership. Don’t promote those who have no experience in a management into management. Simple as that.
Pros: You feel “fancy” with the perks of the office and product discounts

Cons: Too much attention to production statistics.
Advice: Human resources must be aware that they are loosing good working people. The employee is a very important key. Must give chances for the ones that are eager to do the job at its perfection .
Pros: Salary, good training , good and working people

Cons: Worst ever org culture
Entirely perception driven judgements
Pathetic regional leadership - zero understanding of ground realities and business
Regional leader is a forwarding manager
Perception based discrimination
Advice: HR intervention required to bring a check on the extreme level of hierarchical pressure and emotional harassment done to employees
Pros: Strong brand due to investment in marketing and advertisement

Cons: Zero work-life balance, horrible bosses, bashing culture, sink or swim environment nobody cares what you do as long as the "JOB IS DONE". Too many conflicting strategies make the work a zero-sum game.
Advice: Please reevaluate company culture, invest more in hiring and training management.
Pros: Free product samples, staff sales. Good Brand recognition can provide fair opportunities.

Cons: Long processes to get anything done. Constant blockages from upper management but pressure to be agile. Processes can be improved not willing to give workers the freedom to lead.
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is great but it’s really based on whether you have a honest and genuine manager otherwise your quickly pushed out.

Cons: You will become overqualified very quickly, but your salary won't be improving much. Doesn't incentivise long career.
Advice: Try promoting key employees before they submit their resignation letters.
Pros: Best place to start your career. I have been working for L'Oreal for 4 years, and I am constantly learning and improving my skills with their internal training.

Cons: - Low pay, especially if you compare to other FMCGs
- No room to negotiate your pay, so many excuses
- High stress
- High expectation
Advice: Listen more to employees. Hire more people if you want to do more. If you expect people to work harder, pay more, it’s simple..
Pros: - Good benefits
- Free products
- Flexible hours

Cons: Low work life balance, catty atmosphere, demanding schedules, sometimes toxic communication styles
Advice: More balanced teams ranging across ethnicites, nationalities, ages. Also much more training for interns, most are thrown into the deep end without any orientation
Pros: Fantastic opportunities within the beauty industry, chances to move to other offices, and female dynamic environment

Cons: Not much vision for employees growth and next steps in career and succession planning
Advice: Build a stronger career plan for all employees. Identify better avenues to evaluate employees more frequently with regular and consistent feedback.
Pros: 1. Great name and brands
2. Good support and vision
3. Good pedigree and culture
4. Independence to work

Cons: fast paced environment, little time to follow up on projects; laid back culture (less structural in terms of procedures - but this can be also a good thing, especially for people with entrepreneurial mindset)
Advice: None
Pros: team spirit, amazing brands, access to knowledge, trainings, digitally driven approach, innovations, consumer research, agility

Cons: - Rules keeps on changing based on your current supervisor /manager. 
- Meeting companies
- Lots of travel
Advice: Reduce meeting and visit from zone, which will creates another new policies afterward. 
Trust local opinions.
Pros: - Fun colleagues &amp; environment
- Many opportunities / career path
- Lots of travel

Cons: Incredibly unethical, uncollaborative mindset, manipulative and political people. You will learn hard skills but definitely not soft skills
Advice: Simplicity program while you mostly have L’Oréal babies at top management that have been in the company for 25 years won’t change anything to your ways of working.

Ethical department is just here to protect the company and deal with HRs while manipulating employees and push them out of company in fine
Pros: Good for your cv if you have ambition for your career next step outside of the company

Cons: sometimes new moves and changes are not well announced or not transparent enough and it can be hard to access new positions without a real network
Advice: None
Pros: growing and evolution and a lot of internal trainings to help you gain skills for new positions

Cons: Few People at higher position are egoistic and don’t bother to follow company ethics policies and do wrongs things very frequently and go away with it very easily.
Advice: should have more open communication with employees and try to check on people at higher positions.
Pros: Company have very high values and is employee oriented.

Cons: Really difficult as there is very little opportunity for progression. Would like to stay in the company but little chance to progress further than junior management role
Advice: None
Pros: Great perks like product allocation, fun trainings (pre Covid), ample support from management, feeling taken care of during the Covid pandemic

Cons: Meeting time is always delayed. It had never ended within the agreed time. This was the biggest obstacle to my work.
Advice: Conversation between executives and staff members is not working well
Pros: This company has the value of being the best cosmetic company in the world as of now.

Cons: The sales target is very high .Need to achieve the sales target , but i think its normal when you’re working in the luxury retail.once you achieve it , you will get the big pay .
Advice: None
Pros: Very good environment to work with, positive colleague and good pay as well.

Cons: Some internal rules of getting promoted do not go in hand with the way you perform. But at the same time these rules are not same for everyone.
Advice: None
Pros: great brands, a lot of carreer possibilities, opportunity to work abroad, progressive global firm, a lot of women in leading roles

Cons: - May be a bit overwhelming as the working pace is very fast and projects keeps rolling out
Advice: None
Pros: - Provided with mentor at the beginning of your career to help you adjust to the culture
- Given actual projects to work on even as a fresh graduate

Cons: Fast job rotation, especially for junior positions; low salary compaired to competitors; hard to create job - work balance due to 7/24 demands coming from employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Easy access to new products... Change to meet with brilliant people... And also for new beginners, great place to have experience...

Cons: Decision making power is varied, subjectivity is high depending on the role. It can get at times quite political, like any big corporation.
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurial, fast pace environment. You get a lot of responsibilities and visibility rapidly and can make a real difference no matter your level of experience.

Cons: People in higher management refuse to innovate and change their ways for the benefit of the company. Staff were still using paper timesheets in stores when it is the age of technology.
Advice: Listen to employee feedback and try to improve.
Pros: Bonuses, balanced lifestyle, employee discounts

Cons: There are no career opportunities for employees hired through employment agencies even when working for long periods of time, no benefits received like the rest of the team.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing group that enables to work for many iconic brands, positive work environment, motivational mindsetting team leadership.

Cons: You might need to stand whole day at your booth and trying to introduce your products to as many people as you can.
Advice: Management is quite professional
Pros: Get to improve your communication skills and presentation skills while trying to explain the products to your customers.

Cons: - Gets very political depending on the team
- Managers who do not know how to manage people
- High turn-over depending on the team, which destroys work&amp;life balance of the remaining members
Advice: None
Pros: - Company's name value contributing to the resume
- Opportunities to participate various projects

Cons: Lots of political games happening in the company
Advice: I think its important to be close to management once you criticized the work ethics and management they will find a way to destroy your reputation. Management talk about open conversation
Pros: Lots of perks, good salary and good bonus.

Cons: Nepitism
Salary and progression based on not what you know but who you know
Advice: *More diverse employment to reflect your diverse customer base
*praise the small wins 
*more communication and not waste money on apps which are challenging to navigate
Pros: Good progression if they like you
Allocation

Cons: Process and lack of support within other business functions. Extreme complexity, pushes work load to individuals, not good work life balance.
Advice: Listen, your processes are out dated and complex, simplify.
Pros: Benefits package, holidays, option to buy, company car scheme good, flexibility in working hours.

Cons: Volatile, no clear job description and role, ambiguous direction, frequent change of direction, still apply partial WFO during covid pandemic
Advice: None
Pros: Growing company, flexible work hours, generous training, good medical scheme, car facility for certain levels, provided working tools, life insurance provided

Cons: Some of the most inhumane managers I've ever come across. Demanding, poor communication, expects something given at 9pm to be done by 9am the next morning.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, camaraderie amongst brand, fast paced and learn a lot

Cons: Poor processes
Heavy workload
Little to no training 
Promotions based on schoomzing not merit or skill
Advice: Do better, listen to your people, stop gaslighting, pay better. Just be better.
Pros: Discounts on products, sometimes free products

Cons: Not good to build up your skills.
No system in the team and organization that many made by uncertainty.
Advice: Embrace cultural ethics and mindset for work and life rather than sticking to its own conventional style of life.
Pros: Good to experience French culture.

Cons: Business units can sometimes be seperated working on misaligned projects
Advice: Continue driving diversity and inclusion 
Try to ensure easier mobility into different business units
Pros: Takes D&amp;I seriously heavily diverse workforce
Excellent benefits
Start-up culture in a large company which is rare

Cons: It is a very fast paced business, and may not be the business for everyone if you are super process oriented.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and dynamic business. The business is supportive of internal movement and looks to develop people across the divisions.

Cons: It took me a while to adjust to the competitive environment.
Advice: None
Pros: I have learned a lot after almost a year at Loreal. From improving my organizational skills, learning how to manage my time better to learning how to work with different programs.

Cons: Same mistakes over the time with no correction or intention off.
Advice: Suggest changing the management team as they are not involved in the team, just the sales.
Pros: The umbrella and safe net of being on a well know company.

Cons: The managers can be a bit disconnected from the work necessitations for the intern at times.
Advice: None
Pros: For an intern, it is a highly challenging work environment, where you will have the opportunity to meet many people from different backgrounds and expertises.

Cons: No balance, no matter how much you give, it's never enough.
Lots of moves, that jeopardize sustainability of best practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with a lot of opportunities and a lot of side benefits.
Generally have room to apply your own initiatives.

Cons: Fast-paced, highly responsive, changes are inevitable, may not be for everyone for long term. Great place to explore and hone talents. Diversity can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, fantastic products, brands, awesome company events

Cons: Shift pattern in retail can make it hard for work life balance but that is the same with any retail job!
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive managers, great benefits, lots of training to keep you up to date, opportunities for development.

Cons: None! If you get an opportunity here go for it!
Advice: None
Pros: One of the most recognizable brands in the world, Supportive and motivational, most caring culture, appreciative and recognition is given on contribution, lateral movement and reskilling is encouraged

Cons: I cannot see any down side of working in Loreal. I was really enjoy the time there.
Advice: None
Pros: I was happy be a family member of Loreal China, working with very creative and energetic team members and supportive team leader.

Cons: Not a process oriented company, Confrontational and no continuous feedback culture, Poor management with lack of meritocracy
Advice: Guide and nurture your teams, adapt to local culture and make processes more efficient
Pros: Financially robust, Talented Team, International Exposure

Cons: Can be stressful, lots of meetings and presentations.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and benefits are good, mgmt reviewed often to stay competitive.

Despite pandemic, bonuses and profit sharing is paid out and no salary cut.

A company which emphasises on diversity, inclusion n ethics.

Cons: No teamwork, Work-life balance doesn't exist especially for those that are in the field. The company is highly understaffed
Advice: None
Pros: International recognition of the brand is great for your resume, and you get to work with several brands

Cons: I can’t think of anything negative.
Advice: None
Pros: I found this company to be excellent ,fair ,employers. I worked for Yves Saint Laurent for 14 yrs until recently being made redundant due to the closure of John Lewis Birmingham

Cons: • Long hours standing but the hard work makes up for it
Advice: None
Pros: • Lovely team!
• Great incentives
• So generous, especially involving COVID-19
• Commission is great!
• Area manager always makes the time
• Proud to work for my company

Cons: Yearly salary increases are quite low unless you change roles
Advice: None
Pros: Not a competitive environment, very team players culture, committed to improve mental health and learning to become better people

Cons: because it's a beauty industry, strategy can change very fast. Confrontation is part of the culture
Advice: None
Pros: Very entrepreneurial which help me understand more about business, suitable for people who like to learn something new every day.

Cons: No work life balance 
Lots of reports to do.
Advice: Hire more assistants to do admin work
Pros: Good challenge for those who like a fast paced environment . Good place to learn where you do everything. Good benefits.

Cons: Constantly demanding, though as expected from a big corporation.
Advice: None
Pros: A good support system, if they see potential in you (mainly for students) they will try to help you reach your future goals.

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Work life balance, great benefits, no micro managing, supportive and friendly coworkers, lots of supporting systems....

Cons: No work life balance, bad leadership, unfair treat, dramas
Advice: None
Pros: Complimentary, fancy trip, digital exposure, flexibility, skin care knowledge, easy to get promoted compared to other companies

Cons: salary,
too much multitasking
pressure which does not match KPA
Advice: take care of your people Especially who are performing and the most important try to normalise your salary structure.
Pros: culture ,

allowance
travel
company policy
sometimes manager

team building activities

Cons: data and financially result driven but human capital &amp; soft skills not enough valued during yearly interviews (even if the external and internal communication says otherwise).
Advice: None
Pros: great dynamic company, proactive: anticipates business changes very well.

Cons: Exceptional performance not always rewarded - everyone promoted at a similar pace
Advice: None
Pros: Good focus on wellbeing e.g. summer hours, enforced lunch breaks, constant free online meditation / yoga / fitness classes

Cons: I had zero cons for the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great staff discount, free uniform. Management are supportive, full training and constantly being trained and kept up to date with new launches with training. Also on counter incentives.

Cons: - Political
- L'Oreal babies would have better career path
- Competitive
Advice: To build an ethical company, you must start from the top down!
Pros: - Multinational
- Meet new people from different brands
- Develop presentation skills

Cons: Not a healthy culture, employees well being is not a priority.  It is surprising how a multinational coorporation can lack so much structure and basic processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Acess to good products and international working enivornment.

Cons: None! You get back what you put in!
Advice: None
Pros: Everyday is different and exciting! You feel engaged and challenged amongst like minded hardworking peers but it is also fun and rewarding lifestyle

Cons: sometimes high peek hours, no mentor, no career opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary for beginners, good work life balance, nice culture

Cons: Not the place to stay a long time, or you stop getting what you deserve for the long hours and effort you put in
Advice: None
Pros: Well viewed, good learning experience

Cons: Work life balance, short staffed, international processes which cannot be modified.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company benefits: health insurance, life insurance, free gym, staff discount, flexible working, great colleagues, supportive management.

Cons: Immature culture. Not very diverse . Not adapted to the Indian Market
Advice: Focus on business goals.   Adapt more to the Indian consumer.
Pros: Good brands. Talented team. International exposure. No 1 beauty company

Cons: - casual
- pay too low
-not enough hours 
- not stable 
- no employee discount
Advice: increase pay for more experienced spritzers
Pros: -incentive 
-flexibility
-fun 
-learn new things 
-meet new people 
-no two day is the same

Cons: Beurocratic in nature
Internal Politics is difficult to overcome
People have made their comfort zones and not receptive to ideas
Advice: None\
Pros: System Oriented organization with focus on processes
Ample opportunity to grow in system
Innovative

Cons: -commission fluctuates depending on whether store target is met 
-store target usually too high and can't be met hence lower commission rates
Advice: None
Pros: -received commission for each sale made
-in-depth training provided

Cons: Complexity in working, networking and hierarchy
Advice: Top management should be clear in their vision and roadmap. Should also avoid frequent organizational changes
Pros: Its a very big organization and safety is given the highest priority

Cons: Politics 
Hr are not to be trusted 
Too much stress and work
Advice: More aligned 
 Less territorial 
 Less boiling of the ocean
Pros: Great package
Constantly learning  
 Some teams are very strong

Cons: too much internal bureaucracy and little flexibility
Advice: They are a sort of statist employee without ideas or competences
Pros: good economic condition and great international environment

Cons: Confrontational almost all the time
Limited growth
Pay could be better
Somewhat isolated if not francophone
Advice: Improve diversity
Pros: Autonomy
Biggest company in the beauty industry

Cons: Lot of political moves 
Can be hard to get promoted if you are not networking with the right persons
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of learnings
Self Performance based bonus
High pace environment

Cons: Sometimes they could be very long days.
Advice: I truly enjoyed working for this company and totally miss it.
Pros: I enjoyed every minute of working for Loreal and a great management and support

Cons: Lack of structure hence alot of disorganization which leads to cinfusion
Advice: None
Pros: The East African division operates in a startup kind of culture therefore alot of room for learning since there's nothing set in stone

Cons: n/a no company is perfect, no its for everyone
Advice: Keep being open and transparent.
Pros: Very flexible
Open minded
Accepssible Leadership
Amazing Managers and HR 
Dynamic, thriving business,

Cons: No promotion opportunities, playing it too safe for all brands, high stress amount.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary is ok, dynamic environment, open to trial &amp; error.

Cons: too centralized, HO power force, no scope to take initiatives, new ideas are not just brushed under carpet
Advice: decentralize your power to managers down the line
Pros: humane, supportive during crisis, benefits and perks

Cons: Nothing comes to mind immediately. Maybe too many internal languages for a new comer?
Advice: None
Pros: People first, simplicity minded. Efficiency and barriers at work is always reviewed. I feel strong empowerment.

Cons: Long hours, catty rivalry and emotional disputes, gender balance is off- not many men except upper management
Advice: None
Pros: Best of practice in product marketing, company name value, decent salary

Cons: - not open to remote work
- overworked 
- too much INTERNAL meeting preparation
Advice: Offer remote work
Pros: Way behind in digital best practices and no room to grow.

Cons: Work can be quite intense during peak season, but all good in summer.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance policy, work from home 1-2 days / week. Friendly relationship among colleagues.

Cons: Not a very organised company and tries to work on too many projects at the same time.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay with good benefits that covers your family.

Cons: I don't think there are any cons as far as you are doing your work.
Advice: None
Pros: One get the credibility of being associated with a Global Market Leader

Cons: Toxic culture (can be for some people)
Advice: Take care of your staff better. Promote good culture
Pros: 1. Great Benefits, Good Career progression, You learn a lot. Everyday is a new day

Cons: Welfare and salary is not the best compared to other foreign companies in Korea.
Advice: None
Pros: Rotation programme allows you to experience different brands &amp; functions within the company

Cons: Less structured somehow because all structure is ‘flexible’ and requires the colleague to be very agile.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours and movement if given the opportunity.

Cons: The timetable is fixed on a monthly basis so it is difficult to accommodate sudden changes in schedule
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and caring full-time staff

Cons: Worklife balance for some functions (e.g. Marketing, Finance), complexity in processes
Advice: None
Pros: Fair salaries, nice comp &amp; benefits, ethical place to work, recognition. learning organization

Cons: - Low Pay
- Work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - Learning never stops
- Invest a lot in people to make them stronger and better knowledgeable of what they do
- Great team work

Cons: Bad company’s culture, French oriented
Advice: None
Pros: Can get to experience global brands & working with Multi division.

Cons: Senior management can be chaotic, very little alignment between GMs
Advice: None
Pros: Very fast paced, never a dull day. You learn a huge amount of skills very quickly

Cons: 1. Salary is not competitive
2. Depends on the division and project you work in 
3. Difficult to switch domain/role
4. Learning Trajectory is quite slow in PPD.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Work Culture is good

Cons: Overworking culture and its hard to overcome the barrier when you start working in-store and want to be promoted for an office position
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits like health insurance

Cons: It’s hard to move geographically compared to other multinationals. It takes more time.
Advice: None
Pros: At l’Oreal you are cared for, and you get great benefits.

Cons: Takes time to grow in company , hard to access new opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Gives many building blocks for growth and development , will help you grow personally and professionally

Cons: Constantly changing system &amp; company direction 
High stress level 
No work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Offer nice benefit package
- 17 days AL
- Medical insurance 
- Free goods

Cons: now the zone offices move to SH and SG
Advice: None
Pros: Nice experience at APAC zone but now the zone offices move to SH and SG

Cons: Need to be able to deal with lots of agility
Advice: Keep the great work
Pros: Great people, lots of passion and possibility to make an impact

Cons: - May be required to work late often.
Advice: None
Pros: - Lots of opportunities to gain responsibility.
- Very fast-paced and dynamic company.
- Fantastic networking opportunities.

Cons: Split culture (France and US)
Advice: Empower teams to do good work, don't micromanage to look good in front of your boss.
Pros: Fast moving, dynamic, leading edge

Cons: If you aren’t earning additional incentives, then your incentive earning might take a hit
Advice: Kindly revise your variable part
Pros: You can earn handsomely if you hit your targets

Cons: There is a huge gap in employees’ ability and performance level that sometimes very frustrating.
Advice: None
Pros: Products are great that easy to develop great relations with journalists and editors.

Cons: extremely fast paced. only the resilient, agile and positive ones can sustain.
Advice: None
Pros: very enriching career, accelerated growth. A company which protects and care for their employees

Cons: Bad IT system. Many things needs to be updated in the system.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Policies and They take care of employees like anything

Cons: If they mess up your commissions paperwork you only will get it by next month
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work, fair salary good commissions great for freebies

Cons: Teams are very stretched, could do with more junior members of staff that aren’t interns or contractors
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, supportive team environment.

Cons: Fast Pace and a bit demanding
Advice: None
Pros: Number one beauty company in the world, great benefit, and opportunities for career development

Cons: Long Hours, work/ life imbalance
Advice: Keep going, the success speaks volume
Pros: Exposure, visibility, constant learning, results are rewarded

Cons: Lack of harmony and cooperation
Advice: To reach the goal we have to work hard with a strong will
Pros: The advancement in everything we do

Cons: RM5 per hour is way too low.
Advice: None
Pros: one of the best part time jobs that pay commission .

Cons: - Toxic and backstabbing culture within HR, especially the HR management team. Lots of lies.
Advice: None
Pros: - Working with people who are passionate about beauty
- Free products

Cons: Open office, quite political sometimes.
Not much men
Advice: No open office please
Pros: Good benefits, flexible working
culture e.g Two days work from home per week
&amp; flexible working hours

Cons: Politics, compensation,............... doesn’t pay fair market rate salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, autonomy - here you get the opportunity to grow

Cons: Lines of work life balance are often blurred 
A lot of internal politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning, culture, mentorship and opportunities for growth

Cons: - Can be too process oriented so getting approvals on big projects can take longer.
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent Benefits
- Great Team environment
- Fun job

Cons: Very small hikes, Bad HR control
Advice: The management is driving way too many things at the same time
Pros: Good company policies,Allowances, learning opportunity

Cons: Underpaid compared to the market and lower titles compared to years of experience.
Advice: None
Pros: A nice environment, good start for a marketing career and very interesting brands

Cons: no proper handover when changing positions within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits like the best health insurance, life and disability insurance;
Company products on a discount;
Flexible working hours

Cons: Often High stress &amp; long hours, lots of internal meetings,
Advice: None
Pros: Staff shop, female managers, quick progression, great brands &amp; lots of autonomy at lower levels

Cons: High workload requires good anti-stress ability and high requirement of being organized.
Advice: None
Pros: High Involvement in global projects.
High level of responsibility on all topics.

Cons: Salaries are not high compared to competitors, they depend on monthly commission which is quite stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: Multinational firm with different and great products lines

Cons: Salary
Lack of opportunity to growth
Advice: It's only for Japan L'Oréal, create more opportunities to growth
Pros: Physical employee shop
CV impact (international company)

Cons: not very organised internally, might seem a bit mess at times
Advice: None
Pros: nice pay compared to other consumer goods company
quite flexible in terms of position

Cons: Old fashioned process. Internal politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Big Budgets, Autonomy, Great brands, Grad programme, Education of pro community

Cons: - Not much opportunities for growth
- Stressful work environment
- Bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: - Grow your supply chain Skills
- Grow your SAP skills
- Grow your multitasking skills

Cons: Support from finance team can be better
Advice: No advise as such
Pros: People centric company, lot of emphasis given to the employees

Cons: Very French though. They say they are global but they are very french
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for - good talent management

Cons: - lack of control
- top down management
- low salary + other benefits
Advice: None
Pros: - high passion for beauty
- move fast, really serious once it's into work
- high ambition

Cons: Not for small retailer rural Market is untouched
Advice: None
Pros: Nice company ,bujet friendly product s, easy to use ,Good Market image

Cons: No issues in the company
No problem with culture
No problem in anything
Advice: None
Pros: They treat like family
Company has a very nice working culture

Cons: Complex culture, fast moving yet not well equipped with the right resources at the right place
Advice: None
Pros: Many career opportunities if deemed as good performer

Cons: You got fired when the business goes low.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked in the Hong Kong office for a year. The company culture was quite nice.

Cons: No commission on the sales you make, part boots so do not get all loreal benefits.
Advice: None
Pros: Commission when hit sales target, conferences, allocation

Cons: long working hours and plan changed very often
Advice: None
Pros: have plenty of opportunities to learn and try

Cons: hard to navigate the company as very large and sometimes is political
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary
Colleagues
Reviews each year
Professional
Happy times spent

Cons: Not big salary in LOREAL and hard to be promoted. No work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and professional colleagues! Amazing parties with celebrities)

Cons: If you are not outspoken, you may under-evaluated
Advice: Embrace diversity in working style
Pros: Demanding but working with very smart people

Cons: - Slow desition company 
- Not flexibility 
- Dificult enviroment
Advice: None
Pros: - Multinational company 
- Good salary in comparison of the italian market
- Discount on the products

Cons: Working with international team who weren't at all modern in their ideas
Advice: None
Pros: People
Flexibility 
Ability to challenge
Great career opportunities
