Cons: As opposed to what I thought before coming into the company L'Oréal is run separately for their four business units (Luxury, Professional, Active Cosmetics & Consumer). They have a strange culture that doesn't allow them to fully leverage on the company's name. They like having things run the L'Oréal way and are not open to any new ideas or changes that threatens this.

Teamwork doesn't exist if you are a newcomer to the company. You will find yourself dealing with people that have many years in the company and who don't like "strangers" with weird ideas. 

No open culture to talk about problems within teams. If you say something is wrong in a meeting you'll get buried. The culture of the company is to cover your back first and then point towards someone else to blame.

REALLY , REALLY, REALLY DISORGANIZED company. This is one thing Loreal is very proud of because they love to say they are a cellular company as opossed to a process driven company such as the American ones. They hate being told that it urges to have a process and basically everything comes down to just telling the ones you like on your team what you are going to do and the rest of the people doesn´t matter. 

GOSSIP EVERYWHERE

Really bad HR team

COUNTLESS HOURS OF WORK, FORGET ABOUT WORKLIFE BALANCE. 

CONSTANTLY REDOING THINGS. ENDLESS LOOP OF NOT GETTING THING DONE AND REPLANING AGAIN, AGAIN AND AGAIN WITH NO TIME TO EXECUTE.
Advice: Be open to change and have a more welcoming environment. If you want to succeed in this era, you can no longer behave like a dinosaur.
Pros: Employee discount to buy products.

Cons: 1.) I wouldn't call it a con but you must be willing to work hard - it is not an einvorment that is friendly to people who aren't willing to put in their fair share.
Advice: None
Pros: 1.) Responsibiliy - whether it be doing analysis for crucial meetings, or managing my own projects, the level of discretion given to even junior levels is impressive. I have found myself creating assets for pivotal internal/external meetings, and also managing several of my own projects.

2.) Work-environment - as long as you are willing to work hard, it is a very rewarding environment to work. It is very much work hard / play hard and this has helped anchor my lifestyle to being energetic. The people are extremely friendly and welcoming. An environement that really is design to make new employees thrive.

3.) Career progression - The fast moving environment transcends to career movement, which means that your career can be boosted very quickly. It also provides many opportunities to begin your career abroad or in a development role. 

4.) Variety - There are so many different roles/jobs/people/benefits that it isn't possible to get bored. I have been working for over half a year, and I haven't looked at the clock once!

Cons: Part of our culture is that we rely more people and personal networks than systems and process. This can create a feeling that things are not always smooth or defined. It is not considered a bad thing for the organization, as it has worked for more than 100 years, but it is not always easy for newcomers to understand. You have to be someone that wants to work in ambiguity and constant change.
Advice: None
Pros: My favorite part of the L'Oreal culture is the never-ending quest to create and innovate. No matter what your job is, you will be expected to find new and better ways to work and to challenge the old way of thinking. Leadership is more accessible than most companies of similar size, and top managers encourage junior staff to disagree with them and create an opportunity for debate - this is how we get our best ideas! One of the perks is that you will never need to buy any beauty or grooming products (at least not a full price). There always seems to be free goods or you can shop in the L'Oreal company stores.

Cons: Politics
Lack of effective systems and technology
Lack of headcount - there are too few people to achieve the objectives set for the business by Paris
Workload and expectations are huge
Lack of process and an air of confusion about who is responsible for what which is disguised as flexibility and creativity
Graduate and intern recruitment is huge which sometimes gives an overriding feeling of immaturity and lack of experience.
Pay is much lower than market average
Advice: Increase headcount and give people the opportunity to excel at what they do. Currently, people are too busy trying to cram in the basics to reveal their true flair.
Invest in systems that work and spend money on making them appropriate for the business. Currently, a business process that works is being altered and adapted to suit the system.
Diversity needs to be considered more, from a politically correct standpoint, but also from the perspective of the 'type' of person being employed. Everyone is very similar in terms of their approach and personality.
Pros: Great brands that people are genuinely passionate about
Great events and parties - emphasis on fun
Lots of responsibility for those who want it
Lovely staff shop and freebies
People are constantly open to change and new ways of doing things

Cons: -Long hours; you will often have to work long hours. This can be a positive or a negative, as if you enjoy your job then there are always new and orginal tasks to be done. However, if you are not accustomed to longer hours, then I can imagine it being an inconvenience.
Advice: -Provide more training courses to interns.
Pros: -Responsibility; from your first week there shall be a considerable amount of responsibility handed to you, allowing an individual to make a significant difference within the business from an early stage
-Atmosphere; the work atmosphere in the office is warm and lively, everyone in the office are very approachable and more than happy to help
-Challenges; if you want to take on a new and exciting challenge, teams are very open to giving you project opportunities that shall help you develop in the direction you are interested in
-never the same; every day is different in the office, when you walk into the office, you can predict about 30% of your day, the rest is often new and exciting challenges that will ensure you are never bored

Cons: Too much favouritism and hate politics. More attention is paid to your image rather than what you bring forth to the table. It's like working in a chawl filled with dumb fashionistas.
Advice: Cut down on your extravagant expenditures. France must get a hold on employees and mancomm's leave structures and attendance. Install finger swyping. Ppl work for two days in a week and get paid for five and still have leave balance at the end of the year. Get accountability in order. There is too much favouritism and undercut in employing vendors, consultants etc which is a known industry fact. All business is routed through vendors who give a cut to the management and everyone knows that. It's just a given. You will survive well here only if you are dishonest or good looking. Unfortunately, that's the kind of employees the HR seeks and prefers to tame. Mr. Agon, you're not only running  Loreal globally, but also running the homes of your India Mancomm, which don't run on their salaries but on your company's expenses. Personal expenses are billed to company and shown as company expenditures. HR is well aware but won't do anything. Till the time the entire Mancomm and senior management is not reshuffled or refurbished, this company will not report the profits it's capable of reporting.
Pros: Good work life balance and discounts on products.

Cons: - Long working hours. Most of sales do a 10 hour day as a minimum and this is only getting longer (I usually start at 8/8:30am and finish at 7pm), meaning I'm too tired most nights to socialise and switch off. Sales contracts are 35 hours per week...
- Management are very slow to make decisions and often seem to be looking out for themselves by wanting a large amount of information. This can mean that we annoy the retailers and miss opportunities
- More concerned with market share than profit
- Low pay for the market (between £5k and £10k less compared to our competitors), no overtime or days in lieu for all the extra hours
- Little collaborative approach to issues or problems. Those in sales are expected to come up with the answers individually and then present to management, but then of course they're slow to act
- L'Oreal is a very 'lean' company = not enough people to make all the work = sales teams work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: + Job moves happen frequently due to people leaving so there's always something new to get stuck into
+ Agile working means that you can work out of the office once in a while
+ Lots of NPD and new initiatives to keep you busy
+ Ambitious individuals

Cons: - Beyond my team (ie the nerdy ones :-) ) it felt like I was living in the Devil Wears Prada
- Not a very hardworking atmosphere
- Employees were not always appropriate (behaviour, clothes etc) for a working environment
- Culture of interns (not my team) doing boring and bottom of the pile work til late
- Very transient work force, people come and go so quickly development is slow
Advice: Better communication channels between the different brands and global teams (scientific, legal etc). 
Individual's responsibility to set up an organisational map of when people come and leave jobs
Pros: - Lots of women so a very different to usual working environment 
- My team were VERY friendly and helpful (not all teams were)
- Very work load conscious and careful that I was still enjoying my summer break
- Lots of care given to the type of projects I was working on so that they were interesting
- TONNES OF FREEBIES AND FREE HAIRCUTS/MANICURES etc

Cons: Level of stress on employees is enormous and for some hard to handle. Chaotic culture of constant change of mind is very deep in the company's DNA. In love with its products, and less oriented towards consumers. Definitely not a people-centric company, one does not feel appreciated by a system, but more as a very replaceable gear wheel. Promises from management very easy to be given, but hard to be implemented later.
Advice: People do matter. Don't forget you depend on Millennials and Generation Z. And both of them want to be appreciated and can tell a heavy photoshop when they see it.
Pros: Very fast-paced environment, with a relaxed and friendly corporate culture when it comes to people relations. Great for learning and developing your potential because of demanding challengesin front of you. High level of autonomy. If you have a record of good results your ideas and proposal will be highly appreciated and very possibly implemented.

Cons: Lack of clarity over career opportunities for Graduates at the end of the program, stemming from an inability to confront the realities of the situation (too many graduates, too few operational roles). Responsibilities and amount of engaging (as opposed to menial) work varies too much from role to role on the graduate scheme, with some roles similar to operational roles and others too heavily admin based.
Advice: Re-consider the role of the graduate scheme (cheap labour or future leadership development) and adapt the balance between entry level full-time roles and graduates accordingly. More formal organisation of graduate scheme such that it is ensured all management trainees have serious responsibilities and engaging work across all roles.
Pros: Relatively good benefits. Young, energetic colleagues. Friendly, relaxed atmosphere on the whole. Relatively flexible working arrangements. High level of mobility between functions. Well-structured graduate program, with exposure to variety of roles, responsibilities and functions.

Cons: - extreme pressure
- unrealistic expectations
- little to no structure/process (very chaotic) 
- expected to work long hours and on weekends 
- management and HR are often not transparent with employees (love to promise promotions/move to international offices but always takes much longer than what is promised, or it never happens at all) 
- high turnover rate within teams
Advice: Be more transparent with employees - don't over promise and under deliver on timelines for promotions and moves to international offices
Pros: - a lot of responsibility at a young age
- if they believe you are talented they will reward you and you will get promotions very quickly
- high exposure to upper management early on in your career
- work on some of the most incredible brands in the world 
- learn from amazing, talented individuals

Cons: the workload is very high and you usually work till night.the environment and the culture are not the best. competing so much takes also the worst out of people. plus, it's a french company, so huge hierarchy and higher mgmt don't make you feel valuable sometimes.  it's ok for an internship, but i don't know if i would like to spend some years there
Advice: it is necessary to take more care of employees and their needs. more attention to the balance of life and work.
Pros: Very challenging environment, people always compete and that takes out of them their best sometime. Constant feedbacks. Very well structured internship with a mid-intership and a final internship projects. very nice offices, lunch included.  i learnt really really a lot during this experience (my first one), and i have in general a good memory of that, even though there were some flaws

Cons: Senior Management visits from Paris are a unhelpful.  Senior Managers from Paris can be aggressive and quite the divas but this is also changing.

The office is quite crammed and old.  It is not representative of a glamorous beauty company.

Not many British senior managers.
Advice: Continue the change you started.  You are doing a brilliant job.  Please invest in the office.
Pros: Fast paced, early responsibility, very entrepreneurial for a big company.  Best portfolio of brands in the industry.

Inspiring leadership. UK MD comes from a different company and is very approachable.  He is really transforming the company into a modern business.  

Despite the intensity of the job, the new Work Smart program allows a lot of flexibility to balance work and life

Cons: Too much politics slow down processes and initiatives. Such a big and successful company, that´s often ends up being too conservative, and not that innovative.  Salary not that competitive. 12 hours shifts very often.
Advice: As said
Pros: The Beauty business is inspiring, fascinating and challenging. Working as a Brand development manager on start up brands at L'Oreal, offers a rich experience on many different fields: From Marketing, to Education, PR, Digital and sales, experiencing both the Selective and the Professional medical channel. Dealing with different business models form a perfumery open sales one to the department store, from a  free standing store retail  business to the launch of your own e-commerce. Finally relationships with colleagues is an additional  reason to keep standing the cons.

Cons: Sometimes the great amount of responsibility can mean long hours, but generally it is not anything outside the ordinary in comparison to other graduate schemes. A level of uncertainty in terms of jobs after the grad scheme is apparent.
Advice: None
Pros: You get real responsibility right from the off and you work on challenging projects that really make a difference to the business. 

A company where there is real relations between all levels of employees, you get exposure to senior management and are able to showcase your own work. 

A very sociable office culture where you can easily fit in and make a group of friends.

A huge amount of opportunity to learn and improve with a plethora of training courses available.

Cons: You work till late hours, first 2 years I worked till midnight, no much respect for personal life private life balance; company of chaos and confrontation culture. More you fight more you are successful.
Advice: It is important to respect to life/work balance of employees. In the country I worked, we used to work even on Sundays to prepare presentations for regional or headquarter teams visits.
Pros: They give you a lot of responsibilities even if you are at the beginning of your career. You learn fast and a lot. You learn a lot on how to create 360 campaigns, press launches are very important. You need to be on top of fashion, personal care trends.they recruit people from same background so when you work you make many friends also.

Cons: Very hierarchal  
Not a very diverse organisation
Ruled from Paris, if you want to advance your career you have to factor in a period of time there
Badly trained managers
Advice: Root out the bad managers and dead wood - there's quite a lot of it. You need to have more operating model reviews so people don't get too comfortable in their roles. Having people in the same roles for over 5 years is wrong and you lose good talent because they're blocking promotions
Pros: Work with great brands
Great name to have on your CV
If you can survive a few years here you can work anywhere

Cons: difficult to have a working and private life balance, difficult to get support when you face difficulties with your line manager, difficult to evolve if you don't know the good person (lack of transparency in the career management sometimes)
Advice: Take the principle of managing with generosity as a value that has to guide your day to day business. Making line managers accountable for the way they manage their team in stead of taking only into account the quantifiable objectives set.
Pros: Multinational company that has a lot of mean to develop its staff, compensation and benefits, multiplicity of career paths, autonomy

Cons: Complete and utter disorganisation, hidden by 'being entrepreneurial'. I.E. Do what you want, and if it works, pat on the back, but if it doesn't, I would have some stitches ready to patch up the knife wound lodged in your back (metaphorically speaking).

I can see the company are trying to make it a nice environment for their staff, such as implementing agile working hours (something that has been in the industry for about 15 years already in other companies), but it just doesn't work. 
People at the top of L'Oreal are far too stubborn, old school, and don't believe in change. Therefore, if you dare work from home, which is the new policy, I wouldn't bank on getting a promotion anytime soon.
In my opinion, the only way L'Oreal is going to become a top place to work is if they get a good old sweeping brush, and have a good clean out of old management at the top, to then bring in fresh thinkers who are not brainwashed by the old school French power house that rule the roost.
Advice: Go on an training course at a company like Google or another top place to work FMCG company (check the times top places to work for inspiration), take all the learnings you can from what they do, and then implement it at L'Oreal. 
Sounds easier said than done, but there is no other business in the industry that has a higher staff turn over than L'Oreal.
They must be doing something right, and L'Oreal must be doing something wrong.
Pros: Great business experience due to a lot of responsibility. You are basically put under that much pressure that you are forced to learn at a rapid pace. Great if you want to go on the apprentice.
People are brilliant though, and you can have a great laugh.

Cons: In terms of logistics - the products by big cosmetics brands owned by L'Oreal often only reach New Zealand months after their release in the USA or overseas.
Advice: None
Pros: The managers, from your Area Manager to everyone in the head office who you will communicate with, are so friendly, supportive, helpful and efficient. They are fair, give positive and encouraging feedback as well as constructive criticism (without making it personal). I enjoyed the training and learning about the history of my brand too - it helps to really cultivate a genuine passion within the company! Best employer I have had so far.

Cons: Even if you ace the ratings,  you can't beat the colleague who sucked up and got fast tracked. Pay scale is hardly competent although HR keeps screaming from the roof tops that we are market aligned.
Advice: To have your favourites is human,  but at least be aware of true talent that exists in your midst. Stop discouraging the hard workers.
Pros: Opportunities to learn are galore. Work culture is what you make of it,  but it's fun and stressful.  Performance gets rated for target achievement as well as networking.

Cons: - Things move slower than most places.
- The different divisions are still very separated.
Advice: Cultivate more cross-divisional collaboration and knowledge sharing - digital is leading the way on this. My only other advice is to keep up the fantastic work.
Pros: + Everyone here is driven. It's great to be with other motivated people.
+ The company ACTUALLY cares about its people - compared to wanting to look like it cares.
+ Even in the busiest of times you're never too overwhelmed. Enabled through management initiatives and your working environment.
+ We live and breathe beauty.
+ Ethics isn't a buzz word. This comes out in everything we do.

Cons: - The culture nurtured by the leaders (especially the one who's been there for long time) is very political and very bossy. The way the senior managers communicate is very top down with sometimes disrespectful attitude
- It's not so transparent, guys from french came to local office just to be served with presentation and market visit. They didn't communicate anything to local office and just make their own "gang"
Advice: None
Pros: - Strong business fundamentals due to the presence in the categories that are complementary and relatively strong growth 
- Great brands 
- Positive outlook due to the strong presence in emerging countries
- Vibrant teammates and environment

Cons: very political, a lot of chances for management trainees to grow, however, if you were not joined as management trainees, there would be very hard for the company to promote you internally
Advice: be opened mind to people who can preform, not only focusing on growing the management trainees, a lot of staff who joined from external firms who might have amazing experience which would be a pity if they don't have a chance to grow
Pros: There were a lot of opportunities in the company, you can take on roles on different brands, and lead different projects, good trainings and exposure within the company.

Cons: Work/life balance. Nobody leaves at 5 although it is when work suppose to end. A lot of stress from your boss/top management. 
Fast-paced environment with considerable amount of stress but still takes a lot of time to get anything done.
Advice: Work/life balance needs to be improved. Keep your talents in your company by providing more free time for employees to spend with family/friends.
Pros: Pay is pretty good as an intern
Nice co-workers
A lot of side benefits (including annual sales tickets, percentage off on all loreal products for employees, etc. You female friends/girlfriend would suddenly love you more for no reason at all)

Cons: Compensation doesn't seem the best
Sometimes things get too political instead of purely business oriented decisions
Sometimes good practices implemented get lost as the culture is not very process oriented
Advice: Many good talents sometimes leave the company due to the not so competitive compensation, company has to be profitable but being just a little bit more competitive would help keep most of them
Pros: Potential to grow with smart, consistent, hard work
International cultural experience, even if you don't leaving your country, working with expats gives you a different vision
Some great leaders to learn from

Cons: Very few processes, bad work life balance, unrealistic demands from senior management
Advice: We say we are consumer centric but much of what we do currently is not. People are too focused on their own career progression by delivering one or two great projects and not focused enough on doing a good job overall. People are often promoted too quickly and so there is often a skills gap at senior management level.
Pros: Very few processes, very talented people, agile working scheme

Cons: Poor HR policies. Growth is fully dependent on your immediate Boss. Worst part is, if s/he isn't happy with you for whatever reason, you can't survive in the company. The company feels, boss is always right.
Advice: Strengthen HR. Current Training module isn't of much use. Training should be need basis. Also, change from one department to another department (eg sales to Marketing) is an improvement Area.
Pros: Good company to work with. Good products and good in Marketing those products.

Cons: Very low retention of Talents coming from external companies. The company is ready to pay the high price to attract them, but sometimes HR don't know how to motivate and keep them.

I felt like there is a gap between the values and the ethic codes written everywhere and the actual behavior of some people in the company - especially HR Directors. 

A lot of processes and waste of time on projects and basically pretty much everything. Some people work more to serve their strive for power and fulfill their work ambition rather to actually serve the interest of the brands or the company itself. 

Being polite is all about being considerate and appreciative, but for many people, it remains a challenge.
Advice: I very highly encourage top management to be more empathetic and act with more generosity when dealing with people. Sometimes it's only a matter of basic rules of life about politeness.

I also encourage the top managment to place all their employees - from the sales associate from the stores to the head office directors, at the heart of their company values. Even though the HR are claiming out loud equality and so on, in reality we are still far from it. 

And please do not judge others, don't be the first to throw the stone, even if you have higher education it doesn't mean you can't learn from someone with less education.
Pros: Great salary and benefits, working with intellectually stimulating and international people. Everything is done to make you believe you are part of the Elite when you work at l'Oréal.

Amazing projects to work on and real budget behind it to realize it, a lot of new products launched all the time. 

Great Learning & Development policy and programs to keep developing the employees. Also some conferences on diverse subjects to really keep you thinking out-of-the box.

Cons: If you want to be successful, you will work hard. The hours aren't crazy but don't expect to get everything done in 9-5.
Lack of process/structure is challenging at times, you have to know lots of people to get things done and often have to ask forgiveness rather than permission. This could also sit in the PROs too!
Advice: More interconnectivity between countries would be really smart. Particularly for corporate functions.
Pros: Lot's of responsibility and autonomy, freedom to be entrepreneurial.

Flexible working for all staff in the UK is amazing.

Cons: I felt it was unsupportive working environment. I would describe it as dog eat dog type of place.
Work / Life balance was not something I did enjoy and as a result I was feeling depressed and lethargic. I felt that the processes and systems were unnecessarily cumbersome and manual.
I felt like a cog in a wheel, totally expandable - replaceable in a heartbeat. Pay-wise its not a very generous employer, given the expectations of staff.
For me personally it was not a time well spent working there and I will look back at this company as the bad mistake I have made in selecting a workplace.
Advice: Look after your staff
Pros: I honestly could did not see any pros working there

Cons: The culture can be somewhat chaotic and unstructured which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but takes time to get used to and learn what's going on (not really any sufficient training materials). The pay is also not great for interns (especially given the cost of living in London!).
Advice: None
Pros: Working at L'Oreal can be really enjoyable. The people are generally really outgoing and fun. You can get exposure to life at a top firm with a diverse range of products and processes. The staff shop is also a real bonus!

Cons: Crazy working hours and zero to no work life balance, employee viewed as a mere number and not person, hr very much a siloed function with junior staff not getting a lot of support
Advice: better work life balance needed, mentor system should be set up. more secondment options, junior members need to see a work life balance structure in place so they could see themselves growing with the company
Pros: excellent training, inspirational peers and seniors, marketing excellence, ownership and accountability, good benefits and good location compared with other FMCG businesses, good career progression

Cons: CYA enviroment.
Upper Management often looks out for themselves and doesnt try to develop the majority of talent.

High turnover, long hours and pay is below market equivalents.HR has as large say in career succession and is very disorganized.
Advice: Invest in your people and look out for their best interests.
Pros: you work with great people in a young and dynamic environment. A place where you will make good contacts in different cities should you choose to stay in the FMCG industry when you choose to leave.

Cons: Bad atmosphere in some luxury brands, difficulty to communicate with the hierarchy, extremely vertical organisation. Very stressful environment but it can also be considered as an advantage to learn and go beyond your limits.
Advice: Stop the useless meetings, it is not always welcome to make a "point" on Monday AND wednesday AND Friday whereas you could have solved it way better by yourself.
Pros: Great salary and good training, there is a competition that allows you to give the best of what you can do.

Cons: Sometimes you can feel in over your head but you always make it out the other side and I guess it always mean you can improve.
Advice: The management that are above me are absolutely great. My General Manager sits right next to me, really approachable.
Pros: I have such a great team. Get given a really high level of responsibility but all the necessary support. Great social life, interesting work. Flexible hours have been introduced. Great training.

Cons: As an Account Manager the Salary was very hard to survive on independently. Having so many famous models i  felt it would have been more appropriate to reward front line staff ( Clarins currently employ no famous people to promote products that im aware of)
Advice: Provide more support and more store visits .Ensure staff get expenses back and supply tools to achieve or exceed targets.
Pros: Beautiful effective products, given allocation of £172,50 twice a year retail value. Also given products at training to try. Given uniform .

Cons: - Not enough staff for the number of projects, resulting in mainly spending your time treating emergencies. 
- Marketing rules everything.
- Very "political" people, and a sense that quite a lot of people work for their career more than in the interest of the company.
Advice: - Make sure you promote people that have managerial skills : there is sometime a huge difference between a great engineer and a great manager.
Pros: - Great name to have on a CV
- Great company perks
- Interesting people, from diverse backgrounds

Cons: A nice place to work... until you're 35. To go further, it does not depend on expertise, dedication and good work. Like any other company? No, I can tell you it's much worse....
Advice: Colonization time is over... It's time to change the old-school model: best opportunities for foreigners, high subjectivity on feedback and performance evaluation, high workload, bottom of marketing compensation and benefits.
Pros: Good environment to develop entrepreneurship and management skills. A leader company, where you'll have access to high level resources and information.

Cons: Be prepared to work really long hours. If you dont perform, likelihood your colleagues may just outcast you instead of helping. Very elitist environment - for those who dont come from very good schools, it will be a steep learning curve.
Advice: HR needs to learn how to be more tactful and efficient. Get more manpower for each team so everyone wont be burned out.
Pros: You can get to learn a lot, and people are usually willing to teach if you are on okay terms with them.

Cons: no job offer, even though I got excellent feedback on my work, but have been told that they do not have any vacancies at the moment
Advice: hire less interns if you do not have vacancies to offer, it seems like the entire business model builds up on interns, that is a pity.
Pros: worked in marketing. good working environment, great team, good learning experience, great intern programme, you learn a lot and you will nit get treated as an intern, more as an junior manager

Cons: Political culture - management values a very specific type of people. People tend not to make rational decisions and are instead motivated by emotions, without focusing on driving business.

Very limited training opportunities, everything is learnt 'on the job'
Advice: Attrition issues will never be resolved if you refuse to solve the root of the problem
Pros: Reputable brands, wide scope for young people to learn from

Cons: Everything happens in a very "organic" way... i.e., desorganised. Average age is very low so there is a lot of inexperience, stress and wasted energy.
Advice: Continue the changes so not so much energy is wasted reinventing the wheel without learning from experience
Pros: Very passionate and talented people. Average age is very low so there is lots of energy and passion. Current management is simplifying and making changes to make things more organised.

Cons: Communication is tough.  A lot of things can be decided when the product manager is not there and debrief is not well done.  You will sometimes need to get approval not only from your reporting line but also cross functionally
Advice: None
Pros: Many responsibilities and deep ownership at a younger stage of career.  Many chances to be promoted up to senior / group manager.

Cons: Lack of management skills by most of the top people 
Some people only think about "terror management" > the main strategy is to alternate between compliments and harassment to make people go faster. 
Lots of decision changes, even at the last minutes. 
Lack of honesty in the products. 
Salary if you are a l'Oreal baby.
Advice: None
Pros: Creativity
Energy
You never get bored 
Some very nice personalities
Beautiful brands
Possibility to go up fast 
Nicolas Hieronimus : a great leader.

Cons: Constant change of direction, non conclusive meetings, outdated digital, sales and hr approach. Weaker focus to keep talented employees instead very tolerant on non performing employees.
Advice: Stick to direction set for global point and avoid decision on people, spending, forecasting and sales in silos. Update current supporting functions / system to meet new consumers demand.
Pros: Good learnings about beauty brands. Lots of opportunities to drive own proposal and construct own rules. Accept diversity and individualism.

Cons: Senior Mangement treat people like they are disposable. Pressure enormous and fast pace means extremely long hours and no work like balance. New Work Smart program isn't working
Advice: Work on treating employees like human beings and they will respond by showing real long term commitment to the company.  HR need to focus on success planning.
Pros: Passionate and intelligent people, amazing brands

Cons: Time Consuming, Disorganisation, Pressure of growth, Paris dependant, lack of disruptive changes, lack of long term vision, hierarchical conservatism, lack of expertise in support departments, comfort of work facilities
Advice: Dare to risk short term profits to build true sustainable business models
Pros: Entrepreneurial, Passion, Innovative, Market Leader, Beauty specialist, Dynamic, Young Spirit, Consumer Oriented, Challenging, Marketing innovation, Sharing beauty with all, Atmosphere with colleagues

Cons: Work-life balance is awful. Peers and management too busy to reflect on projects delivered and recognise a job well done. True promotions are rare.. mostly employees move sideways.
Advice: Allow management to enact the cultural change that is constantly spoken of, but not supported.
Pros: Great product perks. Highly ethical company to work for & leader in technology. All roles allow independent thinking to achieve tasks and hold large responsibilities that would not be afforded at other companies.

Cons: not sure of whats happening due to its siloed business units. so no trends can be seen or analysed, leading to all cases being treated as unique ! this further leads to 'the more you cry the more you are heard' phenomenon. Adversely the quite contributors are left wondering...
Advice: Reachout more ! get an Indian head (MD or chairman).
Pros: Dynamic fast paced environment, employer image is a plus. Aspirational though not inspirational

Cons: very long process from first application submission until we get a phone interview with HR (mine was about 6 months long), and the selection process was not very fun
Advice: better to have faster response for people intend to apply to work in L'oreal, and give the employee more work - life balance (and benefit!)
Pros: Good opportunity for networking and learn about FCMG industry, plus the salary is quite competitive for intern level in Indonesia

Cons: Moving so often means that you have to let go of your existing projects you have worked on without getting to see them through.
Advice: None
Pros: An amazing opportunity- a  scheme that lasts one year, with the chance to discover three brands for 4 month periods each. It gives great exposure to different brands in the company before you start a full time job after the year management trainee scheme!

Cons: i have no complaints to speak of at all this job was good for me and my family.  thank you very much for employing me.
Advice: keep a positive attitude and a positive work environment for you staff, we completely appreciate it.  thank you very much.
Pros: Friendly coworkers, lovely work space. long commute from other areas, enjoyed it very much, would do it again. thank you very much for employing me.

Cons: - poor level of management maturity
- aggressive, arrogant and rude leadership
- individual &gt; team
- no work/life balance
- unstructured career management selling company needs as opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: - interesting challenges in a mature multi-national company
- results orientated and always looking for improvements
- interesting people with great ideas and a drive to get things done
- real masery of the topic of beauty
- great school to quickly develop skills within the first 2/3 years

Cons: Working overtime especially in supply chain department, still being payed without bonus, plus senior management is not appreciating your long lasting work
Advice: Senior management should employ more humanistic managers to handle also people not just work overload. Missing that part will harm the valuable employees of this company
Pros: International travel opportunity once a year to every employees from bottom to the top is the best thing at this company

Cons: non flexible work hours, limited room for career progression, no salary review or pay increases, limited benefits, hours worked monitored, decisions delayed as a result of too many cooks
Advice: staff moral is important and review of benefits, career progression, up-skilling should be considered more strongly, limited mentoring
Pros: nice friendly work environment, varied daily tasks, opportunity to up skill in a fmcg  brand, strong  heritage with global presence

Cons: there is a room for improvement the culture of innovation, out of the box. The culture of confrontation could be less confrontation and more collaboration.
Advice: it must pay attention at company's culture, values, behaviour and the management fits with company's culture. The quality of products is fantastic.
Pros: multinational global company, leader globally in some categories as hair coloration, skin care. Global brands with an excellence in quality of products.

Cons: &gt;You must speak french
&gt;Have to know the right people
&gt;Too impulsive - can improve in vision
&gt;"The faire & refaire pour mieux faire..." is sometimes misunderstood outside the headquarters
Advice: &gt;Better asign job description
&gt;Career long term planning
&gt;Better work conditions - building infra-structure / IT services
Pros: &gt;Fast career growth
&gt;Fast pace
&gt;Tailored positions to capitalize on talents
&gt;Interesting people
&gt;International opportunities
&gt;Great autonomy
&gt;Allows you to express you personality - really encourages diversity
&gt;Very creative

Cons: Long working hours
Too many layers on management makes decision making too time-consuming
Advice: Should try to provide work and life balance working style for employees to avoid high turn over rate.
Pros: Holistic views of logistic marketing management, including advertising communication, digital marketing, PR, CRM, trade marketing, media, etc. 
Get to work with top tier advertising, media agencies. 
International experience

Cons: Demanding work culture, expected to be strategic, keeping the big picture in mind while working on the tiniest detail.
Advice: Be more patient.  Focus on laying foundations rather than short-term results.  Allow the right to be wrong, don't judge a person too quickly.
Pros: Great People, smart and passionate.
Lots of learning and career opportunities, a great place to grow if you stay long enough.

Cons: Long Hierarchy. The decision making takes time due to being a big organisation. Can cut some processes to reduce time. Good control on profits.
Advice: More Trainings to employees on skill enhancement in their respective functions.
Pros: Great culture and people. Company has great senior level talent pool in professional products division. Perhaps this is the major reason of their leadership.

Cons: Horrendous (lack of) management. Phenomenally politicised system lacking a total system of meritocracy but rather purely based on time spent in the company and age. Vast amounts of false promises never kept and overselling of situations which never materialise. Some in the company even make parallels to being in a political prison whereby if you don't play by the rules you get either shunned aside or annihilated.
Advice: None
Pros: Good starting salary, the human capital is really great at operational level and there are some very special people that work in L'Oréal.

Cons: As an intern, the work load is highly demanding for a considerably low pay and work relations feel very superficial
Advice: Long working hourse, high perssure on deadlines. Everything seems fake and superficial.
Pros: Constant learning from the first day in a demanding market. An industry such as the beauty can turn you into passionate person.

Cons: graduate programme is a sham with no clear reasoning as to what departments you are placed within. don't bother wasting your time applying for the graduate scheme here like i did! definitely would have taken up the other offers i had at the time. HR are unreasonable and unskilled - appalling.
Advice: stop focusing on the 'favourites' and actually take care of your employees. you may be able to keep someone on for longer than 2 years this way!
Pros: good company culture, however this is dependent on your team

Cons: Short termism, unability to developp processes, pace and innovation at the cost of good organisation, questionnable decisions, hard customers
Advice: I will not write the advice here in this section it is quite ridiculous a section in my humble opinion
Pros: Fast paced fast moving environment that requires a lot of investment. Great smart people to work with and great products

Cons: Internal politics, egos, personal competition. No clear growth path unless you're friends with HR. No processes, lack of communication between depts and countries. Evaluation based on looks more than on actual performance.
Advice: You have to offer better salaries if you want quality personnel. Don't loose focus on the final consumer.
Pros: Great brands, great school for beauty industry, dynamic pace.

Cons: very stripped down marketing activations, much like a temporary event planner where you have to prepare all the logistics
Advice: give interns more job responsibilities which allow them to grow and develop rather than just the menial tasks
Pros: very fast-paced environment with challenging tasks. Good for those who are looking for a headstart in FMCG marketing

Cons: too much of France in everything,badly needs decentralization,lacks systems , lack of entrepreneurial culture
Advice: bridge the salary and hierarchical disparity across functions and appoint and an Indian CEO.
Pros: not a typical hire and fire company,cares for employees, very holistic appraisals,flat organization structure, highly methodological

Cons: International carreer are more complicated than it seems. Once you are in place in a country it is hard to move to another one. Less exposure if you are not in a marketing position.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging company, intellectual level is high, projects go fast, entreprenership spirit is pushed and appreciated. Opportunity for developpment can happen pretty fast

Cons: The really long working hours, but often you don't mind about it due to so exciting projects. And of course there is some bureaucracy.
Advice: Some technical upgrades could be helpful.
Pros: The interesting and ambitious projects. Strong team, but warm ambience. Nice perks and benefits. A lot of opportunities for personal and career growth.

Cons: Work life balance is getting better, structure too
Advice: Get involved with the employees and give them realistic objectives , otherwises they will leave
Pros: Great culture, fast paced environment and a lot of challenges. I noticed that you need an entrepreneurial spirit to work here, a sense of ownership and dealing with changes

Cons: Heartless company that talks a lot about being like family which could not be further from the truth. Low pay for extremely long hours and little valuation for the dedication that one is giving
Advice: Be more human and inspiring be leading as example. It is sad that only those go far that cry the loudest and not those who perform the best and remain humble.
Pros: Good reputation for a hard school to go through.
People are young and dynamic.

Cons: Differentiation between the Singapore and APAC office, some people should just stop doing that already and start thinking like one body.
Advice: None
Pros: - Love the free products
- Great team, well at least my own division 
- Same amount of parental and maternity leave for both locals and foreigner

Cons: Getting a work/life balance
Lack of clarity on "Career path" for Corporate functions
Advice: Continue to push vision/strategy "past" those at (top) management level - inspire bottom-up
Pros: Inspiring leadership
Great employee perks - summer working hours & monthly after-work events
Career potential
Fantastic products & passionate people
Good atmosphere/network
(Key) Responsibilities from day one!

Cons: - Poor Work/life balance
- Too many women + very policital mindset 
- Complicated validation processes &gt; heavy hiearchy
Advice: - Listen to your teams &gt; management should be more consensual and less "top down"
Pros: - Great wages
- Exciting projects, and good budgets to implement 
- many opportunities within the company

Cons: The location is quite far away from the city center so the transportation may take quite some time. Except that everything is fine.
Advice: None
Pros: Worldwide level platform and excellent colleagues to work with. Challenging and inspiring environment for young students. Worth to experience and learn from them.

Cons: Too much fluidity in structure resulting in doing too much work to achieve a simple goal.
Advice: More business structure is needed.
Pros: L'Oreal is a great place to work with a 100% push for work life balance. Employee welfare is top focal point for the management team.

Cons: nothing really. I enjoy working here. Work is work anywhere you go it depends of you if you make it a good thing or something that stress you everyday
Advice: None
Pros: great company, great environment. You will learn a lot only if you really care about doing that. there is growth opportunities

Cons: - Wages
- Heavy workload, long working hours, pressure
- Small teams, heavy turnover
Advice: -Invest in better compensation incentives for employees
-Bigger teams to reduce turnover
Pros: - Teamwork
- Nice coleagues
- Fast paced environment, young people
- Learning fast, responisbilities from the start
- Training fro employees
- Interesting industry, a lot of brands, changing constantly

Cons: Sometimes lack of process thus new people redo what was already done.
Advice: Employees enjoy flexibility and protect them from being overloaded.
Pros: Fosters talent, appreciates pillars. Amazing opportunities to learn, grow, expand your horizons, travel, perks. I have been there for 10 years and love it.

Cons: Sometimes the instructions were not to clear, as a result my create confusion when executing the tasks.
Advice: Perhaps can give more mentorship to interns, otherwise all good!
Pros: Lot's of Fun! 
Had tons of opportunity to explore by myself as the company's digital analytics were still not too mature.

Cons: Applicable to the finance department: Very top-down driven, hard to get involved in stuff outside your tasks, you cannot change the way things are done
Advice: Listen to employees
Pros: The free/discounted products, the working hours, the canteen, the summer working hours, some of the social events

Cons: Managementstyle can be improved and you need to be aware to manage your own work/life balance
Advice: None
Pros: I work in Belgium. Great company with an incredible business model, great brands and global vision. Entrepreneurship, meritocraty and passion are core. Active careermanagement and infinite learning posiibilities.

Cons: Dealing with World Duty free staff was really difficult. Lack of organization and respect for the employees.
Advice: Pushing the retailers to be more respectful with L'oreal brand.
Pros: Working in an internacional enviorment, great area managers and bonus if you achieve the sales target.

Cons: Can be stressful - the "nothing is impossible" mentality is a blessing and a curse.
Advice: None
Pros: Bright, warm, confident people to work with.
Great opportunities for responsibility young in your career.
Huge selection of beautiful brands to work on.

Cons: Could be more competitive in salary
Advice: Keep things simple abd promote top talent
Pros: Real beauty experts a lot of focus on formula, pack, and brand equity. Inspiring team of young people who have an eye for beauty rubning through their veins

Cons: Work life balance doesn't work for married with children, unclear performance review, like  dislike culture quite strong
Advice: Good company with good brand but not good maintaining good Talent
Pros: Lots of travelling, energetic yet fun and Dynamic. Good environment for entreuprenership.

Cons: Fast paced
Poor systems
Lack of clarity
No planned career advancement
Lack of coaching
No consistency in remuneration packages
A lot of multi tasking
Advice: Have more clarity in progression and remuneration package. Look into workload of individuals. Promote based on ability.
Pros: Talented work force
Motivated young team
Good brands
Decentralized leadership
Open culture

Cons: Not so many opportunity to grow (career-wise) if stay in 1 country.
Advice: More acknowledgement of people's talent and career development
Pros: Highly challenging, Experience to work with many different nationalities, space to do things in our own way-as long as comply with L'Oreal way.

Cons: For strategic decisions to actually take action it takes quite some time due to the burocratic structure of the company.
Advice: None
Pros: A company with a very wide portfolio of brands which allows its employes to analyze different markets, customer behaviors, competitors, etc.

Cons: It doesn't matter your personal time. No respect for timmings whatsoever. Management misses deadlines and so everyone else need to work on weekends...
Advice: Get some Project Management skills.
Pros: A full Marketing company. Everything is around marketing. Everything else is secondary... (including product quality...)

Cons: Every day is a new day to be creative and innovate your knowlege
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working enviroment, Benefits, salary and great oportunities to improve your capacibities.

Cons: Very long working hours even for interns, a lot of OT needed. Too much red tape and processes to get simple stuff done.
Advice: None
Pros: Good insight into a FMCG and beauty industry. Heavy responsibilities given to interns, can learn a lot.

Cons: Management is very protective of itself. Bashes on employees, negative workenvironment
Advice: Try to really understand what happens instore, get your hands dirty and trust people
Pros: Great freebies, good social plan (except if you work for bodyshop of other retail job)

Cons: Lack of internal systems & processes.
Work culture is very negative.
Biased organization.
Advice: Encourage diversity across all levels. Currently it is very anti-management trainees / anti- men in general.
Pros: Good brand.
Compensation & benefits are as per industry standards.
Market leader in certain segments

Cons: lack of basic processes
Opportunitie to develop Operations e Sales departments
Advice: Achieve the same excelence we have in R&D and Maketing, but also in Operations & sales.
Pros: freedon to share & develop your ideas
Flexible job description

Cons: Management Sucks. No Process. Lack of Career Management.
Advice: Make Sure you propose real carrer management.
Pros: Great Company, with great budget. You can run fantastic projects if you get to convince the right people.

Cons: Difficult work-life balance and politics. Very little training provided and inefficient policies make it difficult to adhere to tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: The people are some of the smartest people you will ever meet.

Cons: - Relatively lower pay then market
Advice: Invest compensation in home-grow talents rather than paying headhunts and high salaries to external hiring
Pros: - Very flexible in process
- Organic culture
- Appreciate individual contribution
- High rotate and transfer opportunities

Cons: Long gruelling hours, non-competitive pay. High turnover rate
Advice: Provide better work life balance.
Pros: Great recruitment of Management Trainees who are like minded individuals, interesting job rotation that allows breadth of experiences within different divisions

Cons: Management
Changes are not well managed
Last minute changes
Figures oriented
Most of the time, presentations are key to go up the ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Other people passion
The product
Social advantages
Nice teams
A lot of young people

Cons: Inconsistent, subjectivity, last minute change, strong like & dislike, blaming, uncertainty
Advice: More mature in terms of taking decision by taking into account more aspects and also thorough
Pros: Creative, dynamic, flexible, thrilling, fast-paced, culture of excellence

Cons: ~work life imbalance
~political
~staff turnover is high and dufficult to retain potential employees
Advice: should review on how to retain current employees
Pros: will have good profile in cv after working couple of years in loreal

Cons: -very people, not systematic
-need high energy level, can be too exhausted
Advice: None
Pros: -Strong career development program
-fast paced working environment
-innovative, encourage creativity and ownership
-strong brand portfolio, great business potential 
-value individual contribution
-competitive

Cons: It's very challenging and no life work balance. Very operational
Advice: Challenging and up to the head office implement strategy - no local flexibility
Pros: Great place to work, innovative and challenging! It's brilliant working there!

Cons: have to dual with a lot of pop-up issues and long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: lots of exposure and ownership as a junior position, seniors are helpful and very open to new ideas.

Cons: Work ethics, hypocracy, questential requirement to network within organization
Advice: HR is still a recruitment agency. Can do with a bit less of showoff culture.
Pros: Brand, cash, responsibity to certain extent

Cons: Work Life balance, no right to make a mistake, management unaccessibility, exagerated sense of detail...
Advice: Middle management style, negative influence and politics...
Pros: Inspiring people, strong corporate culture, challenging playground, responsibility, intrapreneurship, credibility, international

Cons: Intensive, hard to have a work life balance but it is to be expected i feel
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: great place to work!!! Great colleagues as well!

Cons: No Job Desc for each position, allowance and benefits are not competitive
Advice: Create competitive C&B pckagae, Trust the employees
Pros: Very Dynamic Organizations, Comfort Around Higher Level Managent is easily gained, Very Entreprenurial Spirit

Cons: 1. Saturday's are working
2. Need to work on proper work life balance
3. too much pressure
Advice: Weekends off for sales people will enhance productivity and reduce stress
Pros: 1. HR team is good
2. Young atmosphere

Cons: Low flexibility of the hierarchy and general top-down management (depending on the teams) within the group.
Advice: /
Pros: Fast-pacing environment, great responsibilities, warm atmosphere, importance of team building and huge diversity of brands.

Cons: A very aggressive company which encourages competition within teams and gives very less motivational factors.
Advice: None
Pros: They give you an opportunity to be entrepreneurial in nature and let you explore more skills.

Cons: Ukrainian office has not very good location
Advice: None
Pros: Loreal is grate place to work

Cons: Really bad management, unrealisic sales goals.
Advice: Some managers arre very old fashion and dont like working with younger people
Pros: Nice to make your own schedule

Cons: 1. lack work life balance- it's common to work till 9pm and at weekends
2. not enough headcount
Advice: Should hire more people
Pros: 1. free goods and staff purchase
2. friendly colleagues
3. good medical benefits

Cons: long hours, sick pay isnt great, hard to progress due to bottleneck at higher levels
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit scheme, lots of flexible hours, good small team easy to get along with

Cons: Low pay, heratic organization, bad project planning, no work incentives
Advice: Optimize the workload by better planning of projects.
Pros: Many ways to learn by doing, you never know what you are going to get

Cons: High turnover, Heaney work load with minimal direction. Not very consumer focused as a key driver for decisions is senior management, not consumer insights.
Advice: Employee retention.
Pros: Great starting salary and benefits. Head office is downtown which comes with the obvious perks. Lots of young, eager talent. Very fast paced and dynamic.

Cons: Work hours makes you question your existence.
Advice: Lack of headcount creates a shorter life expectancy for employee loyalty.
Pros: Freedom to manage your own business.

Cons: Sometimes, horrible people
Can be very rude / harsh sometimes,
Very short term
Sometimes shallow
Spent most of my time doing internal politics
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurship,
Gives high responsibilities - very early
Passion for details,
Autonomy
Sometimes, amazing people

Cons: You lose your life and the old dragons that have worked there for 15 years plus are so dull and do not think a life outside the company is possible. They talk about work life balance but do not support it In The slightest
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits , discount products fun for young team

Cons: No clear process
Besides, I don't realize any cons for Loreal Vietnam.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly and stimulating environment.
Place for entrepreneurship and initiatives.
Managers care for personal development of employees

Cons: sometimes too many dramas. salary not as good as the job desc
Advice: keep on focusing on employees benefits that it'll be fine
Pros: very close relationship with colleague.

Cons: Work overload and not always reworded by performance
Advice: Can contribute more to the career path of employees
Pros: Dynamic, challenging, ownership of brand development

Cons: low work-life balance, no product discount for intern
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and the workplace is dynamic. You'll love it especially if you're passionate in beauty industry

Cons: Very stressful job. Poor structure.
Advice: Educate people to work in an uncertainty. Pay them more. Compensate tale hours.
Pros: Trips to Paris. Free cosmetic products.

Cons: Hard to get an internship of less than 6 months.
Advice: None
Pros: You learn a lot, the work is interesting and peers were inspirational.

Cons: Complicated, need to clarify and understand the situation, not easy to fit it at beginning
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities, flat communication, welcome freshman to try and learn

Cons: - work - life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - very nice work enviroment 
- a lot of projects
- motivated team 
- access to the newest trends

Cons: Demanding, not on par with work life balance
Advice: Listen more and to progress be more flexible
Pros: Innovative, fast paced, good culture,

Cons: working hours, bad work-life balance
Advice: try to promote policies to work the right amount of hours as written on contracts
Pros: nice environment, young people, pretty girls

Cons: Complicated and a bit slow process in terms of implementation of the latest digital trends.
Advice: None
Pros: Working in multicultural environment with clear opportunities for relocation.

Cons: Needs improvement on work life balance and environment aesthetics.
Advice: More outdoor/non work related activities
Pros: Great team, many staff benefits and comfortable working hours.

Cons: political game management and development of long-term careers.
Advice: improve career planning for the employees
Pros: passion for their products and brands, market leaders.
