Cons: Bad Management that covers each other when they do wrong things. What you see, is not what it is. Never judge the book by its cover. Management are can able to take leave without applying on the system and drown the employee at work. Worksmart suppose to be once a week but was violated to take several times without people knowing. Management are able to watch drama and throw all the works to employee and credit themselves. Best is you can actually get your position if you have connection or ‘bribery’. Efforts will be credited to those who are not working. Is a good place for management level but bad place for employees. The turnover rate is super high that there is overlapping things not done or follow up by the previous employees. Guess how unhappy that the ex employee is. Most of all flavourism take place and drown the work to the unflavored ones which cost unstable feeling. Only good feedback are allow to show and hides the bad ones. If you could accept bad feedback there will be many who will willing to write over here. No one wants to leave for a good company but they leave because of bad managements. If you need to survive in L’Oreal you need to learn to be fake and be a ‘Yes’ man.
Advice: Nothing will change as management just covering each other mistakes. The turnover will just continues.
Pros: Good Self-learning (Requires to know how to swim by yourself if you want to learn hard this is the place to learn and grow) Good Benefits, Quarterly Goods, Worksmart.

Cons: I originally started working for another L'oreal brand, which I loved, and am going to write a separate review for. When they decided to merge our brands together, it came with new management, who were complete bullies. They claimed to care about your mental health, and how you're finding it, but in the next breath would belittle you, threaten and bully you. Within the span of an hour, I was told I had no talent, that I was never a makeup artist, and would only benefit from small, unknown brands outside of L'oreal. The way the company treated staff who weren't management was disgusting. Two members of staff were signed off with stress in one month due to the way this brand treats people. I truly loved L'oreal when I started working for them, but never again would I consider working for this despicable company.
Advice: Actually care about your employees. Don't pretend to in attempts to save face. Stop letting in store management take advantage (Going home early, Taking Lieu time they never accrued, getting other employees to do their job for them, ETC). The bullying towards younger staff is appalling, considering they will be the future of your brand. Also, keep your promises of progression
Pros: Staff Shop
Allocation (If you ever got all of it)

Cons: 1. Still an old fashion type of company in a state of the art building with billion euros profit 
2.They really need to review their HR
3.Big question mark in diversity, they need to improve their efforts in providing sufficient working condition to female employees so they can grow their career 
4.Oh yeaa politics ...
5.Stuck career movement unless u are happy with constant situation and poor package of compensation 
6.Make it clear on what you wants to HR and your leaders make sure it is well writen before you make any deal on assignment.
Advice: Your employees is your investment. Treat them at its best.
Pros: Great in reputational management but they really need to walk the talk! 
They are good in making jargons n tagline
Good perks but also quite political in the leadership team
Good in insurance coverage for family
Free products 
System already in place just like other multinational company
Commitment in the social and environmental management is clear and proven

Cons: International Mobility: A big con is that it does not allow for easy international mobility. Hence, if you want to move out, no matter how much you love the company, you will have to switch jobs
Internal Movement: You will have to wait in the current role for 18 months, before you can even apply to another role. This is a longer time than in most other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely transparent: You can discuss anything with your boss, especially in sales. There have been multiple instances of something going wrong on field, and the first instinct is to tell the superiors, instead of covering it up
Lot of learning: Since at least in India, it is still growing, a lot of systems are being put in place now. This means that you learn the processes as they are being developed, and can even contribute to it

Cons: Above everything else, L'Oreal is exceptional at sales - selling the product to customers, selling "opportunities" to new employees, and especially selling a certain type of delusion to everyone who works there.

Here are the main difficulties I faced while working at L'Oreal:

-3 out of 5 senior and mid-level managers are generally unequipped for the role

This means a lack of understanding of what it means to manage in a professional sense (setting objectives, defining role scope and responsibility, removing roadblocks, etc), but what's more concerning, is that a lot of management is unequipped for the role emotionally - with no ability to empathize or understand the needs of the subordinates, they are followed only because the employees have to follow them.

-Ego + Politics &gt; Merit + Results

I vividly recall my manager obsessing over the most insignificant details on a powerpoint deck, only to ensure that when he or she presents it to upper management, she is seen as a "superstar". I also recall manipulating the data to make a failed launch look "good", just so my manager could have good news to share. There is a general preference for ignoring data-driven decisions in favour of whatever makes the manager in question look good.

-Emotional abuse

It is a regular occurrence to see co-workers cry. It's even more commonplace to have a vacant role on any given team because the employee is on "sick leave" aka "stress-leave" aka "burn-out". The scary part is that no one is bothered by either of the above because they happen so frequently. 

-Hardcore cool-aid culture

There is a strong expectation that everyone who works at L'Oreal must absolutely love it all the time, never mention anything negative, and ALWAYS show intentions of staying at the company until retirement. If you as much as mention that you might have an interest in perhaps exploring another industry or company way down the line, you will be told to keep quiet as it will damage your career progression. The ironic part is that L'Oreal Canada has by far the highest turnover rate in the industry, and forcing employees to always pretend to be "loving the experience" only makes it more difficult to get to the root cause of the problems.

-Lack of ethical backbone

I can't disclose any details relating to product development for legal reasons, but there are a lot of very questionable products both from an efficacy stand-point as well as from the consumer positioning standpoint.
Advice: Without sounding like a broken record - please take off your L'Oreal-tinted glasses and assess the state of the company objectively. The issues I mentioned have been voiced hundreds of times over the years and no one has done anything about it. You know what the problems are, you just need to choose to resolve them.
Pros: The positives include:

-Lots of free and discounted product
-Young/fun co-workers
-Nice office following the most recent round of renovations
-Good mentorship available if you seek it out

Cons: - Relatively poor work life balance with long hours often continuing into the night. 
- Can be very 'political' at times with many decisions being made due to 'the boss wants it this way'
- Pay is 'competitive', but not better than other companies offering similar roles 
- Management are slow to implement the deep changes necessary to secure and retain young talent.
Advice: Implement financial incentives and penalties for management based on teams feedback, to ensure change is adopted faster across the organisation.
Pros: - Invests in training for staff across multiple disciplines
- Chance to own your projects 
- Passionate colleagues
- Good career opportunities for top talent to move overseas with the company

Cons: - undervalued
- treated very differently to full time staff (treated as a contractor)
- expected to give ideas and pressured to do all the work but then not recognised when pulled off, praise is given to managers which can be demotivating
- very limited progression to graduate scheme with lots of pressure to do way over and above job role which is already a vast work load
- little support from HR as they are busy recruiting next interns
Advice: None
Pros: - real responsibility from day 1
- big project/brand involvement
- exposure to senior staff
- good hands-on experience for when moving onto other companies
- name looks good on CV

Cons: - Very bureaucratic environment
- Poor management significantly impacts team morale
- Lack of upward mobility if you are unwilling to move to Montreal
- Communication between head office and field team is problematic; feedback from field teams is rarely leads to improvements in strategy
- They don't invest in the professional development of their employees
Advice: - Listen to your sales reps given that you emphasize the importance of gathering market intelligence that is communicated to head office
- Value your employees and take reasonable sources of job dissatisfaction as opportunities to improve your organization and reduce turnover
Pros: - Significant level of autonomy
- Flexible schedule
- Plenty of opportunities to be entrepreneurial in your territory

Cons: People left leaders not organisation! The top management were unethical and disrespectful. Business is more important so it's OK for leaders to behave unethically  .. a lot of lip service on their people mission and vision, a lot of "writing on the wall" but the truth is ????!!!!
Advice: Walk the Talk! Unethical behaviour leaders should not be in the organisation.  top leaders must show best example, Respectful and act in ethical manner with high integrity, don't undermine the locals
Pros: Dynamic, Great Products, Love the speed and empowerment

Cons: Career development can be improved. Mostly left to the manager so it really depends on who you get.
Advice: Make sure that employees have an ongoing and transparent discussion about their career progression with their manager and HR. Implement 360 evaluation (evaluation by manager, employees and collaborators)
Pros: Working at l'Oréal is a bit like working at a global startup. Their commitment for enabling entrepreneurship is real. And it's a bit like being at a university, tons of young and motivated people. Inspiring vibe and constant exposure to new ideas

Cons: Lots of admin work for finance manager level, too many financial forecasts with tight deadlines throughout the year, lots of overtime, compliance is sometimes too loose, in general chaotic working experience between functions
Advice: Need to dramatically improve work-life balance, internal employee equity needs to be standardized to ensure balanced salary ranges
Pros: Not a lot of red tape, new idea and innovation proposals are taken seriously, power of decision-making, amazing learning infrastructure, full of fun and young talent, opportunity for overseas development, hard work is fairly recognized through bonus and salary increase

Cons: Bad Management, brand leaders always makes you down by keeping their low ideas. Thinking about a day you're senior staff but your new brand leader tell you that "it's my brand my money, don't say no to me". 
No traning no oversea meeting, no development plan over the past 2 years.
Advice: Please check your brand leaders again, they are the reason that we - senior staffs leave company
Pros: Inspiring luxury brands to work for. You can learn brand story and adapt to your lifestyle. Flexible working time

Cons: Old school management (incl. top management).
Toxic atmosphere (high pressure, big turnover of the teams, can't trust HR and managers).
Most of managers are there since years and are being promoted not for their competencies but thanks to politics games. All good elements resign after a few weeks/months.
The company in Australia is getting bad results year after year (i.e. the global sharing is at its minimum since couple of years). However, the staff/management responsible for this poor performance is still being promoted to the top position.
Advice: Bring more Ethics and get rid of the useless managers.
Pros: International company.
Nice location.
If you're good in networking, then you can be promoted very quickly (no matter if you perform well or not in your job).
Staff shop.

Cons: Never got a rise, low salary compared to other cosmetics' companies, very hard to get a promotion, no life-work balance for most of the departments, lowest scale' workers are consistently getting advantage of, high pressure environment, no parking lot. Best parties ever but just for office workers.
Advice: Please, value people by its worth, competences, results and passion for the job, not by its social skills.
Pros: Get paid on time, nice company benefits, most managers are well mannered, learning opportunities, nice and incredibly cheap food on the cantina.

Cons: Salary is less than competitive. Lack of human connection sometimes. Very political.
Advice: Great work has been done to improve the workplace and attract new talents. However there is still a need to effectively foster collaboration and team spirit. People need to be less judgemental and more open minded. Management by fear should stop.
Pros: Good learning curve, beautiful offices, very smart and talented colleagues and managers, inspiring and stimulating working environment. Pionner in Research and Innovation. Beautiful brand portfolio.

Cons: Company culture- lack of focus or prioritization. Low recognition for hard and consistent work, low pay compared to other multinational companies, no matter seniority or responsibility.
Advice: Try to keep knowledge in house by rewarding your employees equally to their responsibilities, loyalty and seniority. Work - life balance encouraging and stress levels to be improved. Invest in external resources for project work, workload is too high to the employees.
Pros: Fast learning steep curve, central location, good office facilities.

Cons: Complexity of divisions and brands working silos with limited focuses on resources sharing or optimization.
Advice: CEO succession planning and transition takes too long, extremely draining to organization, both HR and IT are not up to par to support organization cultural and digital shift focuses.
Pros: Opportunity to fully embraced into French beauty giant culture, learning about amazing marketing brand strategic approaches, obsessions on innovation and agility in business decision making progress.

Cons: Where to start...
Very poor management, I had never seen so unprofessional managers (not fair, not knowledgeable, speaking to staff in extremely rude manners,...)
Very childish environment, people spend their time gossiping 
Highly disorganised, seems like it is in the company DNA
There is no culture of being good at your work and efficient it is all about showing your passion and staying endless hours at your desk and working all the time then you get promoted even if you are bad
Advice: Hire good and fair managers you should finally see the staff turn over going down...
Pros: Good benefits, lots of free products 
Holiday leave

Cons: Sometimes excessive pressure and focus on the minor details that don't shift business performance
Passion sometimes turns to overly emotional aggression from senior leaders
Advice: Consider the international mindset of employees that want to travel within the company
Focus on better gender equality at senior level
Give more global visibility to each local market
Pros: Full focus on consumers and the power of brands
Fun, passionate people around to motivate
Steep learning curve from the outset 
Innovative thinking environment lends itself to achieving strong results

Cons: Work/Life balance, the company do encourage healthy work life balance, but the reality is most of the time your direct manager expect you to work late nights and weekends on top of 40hrs + at the office
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity to learn the "metier". They support your development and coaching. A lot of training is offered depending of your seniority and your role.

Cons: - A lot of pressure
- Kind of toxic work environment (it feels like every department is in war against each other)
- Heavy workload
- It feels like HR does not hire talents, but just an additional 40 hours per weeks
- Low salary
Advice: None
Pros: - Prestigious Company, good opportunity to discover the products (for free or with discounts)
- Impossible to be bored at work
- Possibility to regularly work from home
- 3 Weeks of paid vacation

Cons: lots of workplace politics and passive aggression within the team, hardly any support from manager to progress in company, high labour turnover of colleagues, generally disorganised at times, had to work massive amounts of over time
Advice: support your team more, have weekly meetings, guide them to achieve their goals for progression
Pros: Amazing name to have on your CV, lots of responsibility in the role, great company benefits, amazing training and up-skilling oppourtunities

Cons: Work/life balance can be poor depending on the team, lots of pressure from top down and culture isn't always the best (but they're trying to improve this).
Advice: Acknowledge hard work and improve the culture.
Pros: Really dynamic workplace, many roles anchored in digital, get a lot of autonomy and opportunities to learn and progress in the company. Working with lots of young, like-minded individuals so can make friends for life.

Cons: Pay is a lot lower than with other competitors
Advice: Review poor area managers and their actions, make sure they have have experience of people skills and the importance of respect, employees thrive when they are encouraged and supported. Can’t lead by fear, and the importance of showing their leadership skills. I have had the worst experience in a interview for a Loreal job and even in training at head office when asked where I came from I said Newcastle, the trainer said oh Newcastle your all orange In Newcastle .........
Pros: Amazing products I have loved Lancome

Cons: -Company management style is a matrix systems, you will find yourself reporting to different bosses based on your current project. 
-Salary does not match the big name(not all that good)
Advice: With  better pay more young talents will stay.
Pros: -Great learning environment
-Great medical and social security policies
-you have an opportunity to interact with colleagues worldwide.
-You stand a chance to work in a foreign country.

Cons: experience is highly recommended and new graduates will find it hard to be offered a job by L'Oréal
Advice: Your work is phenomenal. the ammount of people that dream about working with you is tremendous. you set the bar too high on the quality of employees you require. thats how reqruitment should be done.
Pros: Huge conoany with endless possibilities to grow and upgrade yourself within this huge institution

Cons: ‘In with the right crowd’ culture to be promoted, bullying tactics by senior staff, HR unable to help, your word against theirs, time in company is used to ‘protect’ a person meaning they can act however they choose.
Advice: Stop promoting people without management training.
Pros: Great benefits, great brands, dynamic people to work with, fast paced and ever changing - no day is the same.

Cons: Since my project was a new thing to the team at that time, senior management couldn't help much in terms of strategy and operation.
Advice: None
Pros: I was the creator and leader of a project in which I learned to build, manage and evaluate from scratch under supervision of senior management. Great chance to learn about leadership, business skill and entrepreneurship.

Cons: Poor on-boarding and integration for new joiner. Not sure why do they have a Buddy program.
Advice: Need to invest in smooth on-boarding and induction program to make new joiner feel a part of the organization. Even after 6 months, employees are made to feel like outsiders,
Pros: Very challenging and good culture

Cons: Unfortunately, at the end of the day, it's about who you know instead of being about the work you do, and your full potential.
Advice: Take the time to listen to your employees. Follow-up on expected changes, a lot of people will continue to leave if you do so.
Pros: Great perks, nice discounts, you meet a lot of different people

Cons: Leadership from the top, HR lack of support and enabling bullying, ethics not valued by senior team, senior leadership protect each other and not held accountable to anyone,
Advice: Bring in 3rd party consultants urgently to get rid of this toxic behaviour and culture and start again with a new Country Leadership Team right from the top. I feel so disappointed that a business targeted predominately to woman would let us down so significantly.
Pros: Speed, brands, location, diverse retailers and categories, breadth of responsibility, empowerment, making a difference,

Cons: - a bit more guidance on arrival
- need to get ride of some 'managers' who clearly never wanted to manage but were looking to move ahead
- more salary raises
- very long days
Advice: None
Pros: - fast, ever changing 
- you're in charge from day 1 and can chase your opportunities
- amazing and exciting colleagues
- you're fully project/product leader 
- good perks

Cons: - Actualy no work life balance
- Salary is great till you realize you work more than 12 hours and do 2 person's work
- Mid - Management undereducated and archaic
- Stressful environment with a lot of fear in the air
Advice: Treat employees like humans
Pros: - Good benefits
- Employees can buy products at great price
- Strong product portfolio
- LSA

Cons: Very Hierarchical and political 
Lonely and lack of support (if field based) 
Work life balance poor I.e. messaging late at night/weekends 
Lack of recognition for achievements/contributions made
Advice: Listen and be present with your teams and their ideas
Pros: Exciting environment
Good Corporate perks I.e. work from home encouraged (if not customer facing), free yoga, staff shop etc.
Fantastic commitment to mental health
Some lovely people

Cons: Culture is unique vs most Australian businesses. It's not for everyone - and even if it is, can take some time (~1 year) to get used to.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, fast and full of passionate people who are willing to help each other out. As an individual you can effect change and make a real impact on the Business.

Cons: The workload can be intense
Advice: None
Pros: The entrepreneurial spirit is real and you can always share new ideas to your superiors, it is a great place to get creative. The innovations and digital means in place allow you to learn a lot every day and the culture in the swiss office is very welcoming and friendly

Cons: A very lean organization where ranks and JDs are not clear for many countries.
Advice: Make levels for employees across the globe and standardize the hierarchy
Pros: Working at L'Oreal will teach you everything that you need to know about the Beauty World. The way L'Oreal looks at beauty, no company still in this world has the same aesthetics.

Cons: Salary and bonus not as competitive. Culture is very much toxic and political. You either fit in or you don’t. Management very biased towards certain people.
Advice: Stop showing favoritism
Pros: Decent staff benefit, staff purchase and quarterly. Able to work from home

Cons: -Completely disregarded by HO. No response to emails and important matters for months.
-No communication between HO and in store. 
-No area manager to check in on stores
-Given under 7 days notice of store closure, leaving 5 workers with no job. No compensation provided.
Advice: Respond to emails (especially when they're about the store!!!), keep in store staff in the loop, consider the wellbeing of store workers rather than only caring about the money in upper managements pockets.
Pros: -In store management
-Training nights
-Flexible hours

Cons: Long working hours
Understaffed
Communication between teams is not optimal
Advice: Hire more people and take care of them
Pros: My coworkers were very engaged and passionate
My boss trusted me and gave me a lot of responsibility and allowed me to take the lead on important projects even though I was a junior
Flat Hierarchy

Cons: I quit because my salary at the time couldn't cover my commitment.
Advice: Give me a chance to work with you.  I'm interested in working in the beauty line
Pros: Can take the opportunity to learn about beauty products. Make up techniques, have twice a year training.  How to serve customers professionally

Cons: Overstretched as we are sometimes doing more than 1 person's job
Advice: Improve on structure and headcount. It's a never ending cycle on when the chicken or egg comes first. Company has ambitious growth but not willing to invest in headcount or growing employees
Pros: Objective, vision and target is reasonable

Cons: A very complex hierarchical system with managers that were just promoted because of their networking and their family status. Though they promote diversity and equality, it's a very close minded company that markets itself very well but actually it's a miserable place to work in with no possibility of promotion unless you know someone who will push your profile. The environment and the atmosphere are very negative and fake.  Consider elsewhere.
Advice: None
Pros: Good facilities and a well-known name.

Cons: Due to the heavy workload, work &amp; life balance is not so good. (But this depends on where and which function you are in)
Advice: Need to remove all the non-essential reportings and zone visits.
Pros: You will be given a full responsibility for the business, therefore you will learn alot.

Cons: Clumpsy and long approval process. Too many system that doesnt sync. Super overloaded and every night works over time. Management will not believe you are overloaded and just assume there is work capability, time management issue from you.
Advice: Stop thinking you know everything
Pros: Benefits and physican working environment

Cons: Remuneration is not fair enough. There is a wide gap between top management and middle level management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start a career because trainings are in plenty. Being a multinational you also get a chance to travel the world to benchmark with sister companies.

Cons: 1. Payroll is a mess. Always make sure to check that your overtime, commission and wages are paid correctly
2. Communication Counter - Head office.  Head office staff will treat you like a worse sort of employee
Advice: Listen to the voices of all employees.
Pros: Good benefits package (staff shop, allocation etc)

Cons: There  are lot of opportunities to explore especially in the emerging markets with which company is probably slow to respond.
Advice: There is very huge scope to explore emerging markets like India and company should focus on that.
Pros: Culture , business results, innovation,  social responsibilities, diversity, Strategy

Cons: Toxic working culture that's been an issue for a long time but nothing changes. Very political organisation where promotions are not based on talent but on connections and relationship with the management instead. Average remuneration.
Advice: None
Pros: Good training opportunities, some pleasant and talented colleagues, product allowance and company events

Cons: Terrible management from top to middle, below average pay, very long hours, high pressure, high turnover
Advice: Stop being political and try and retain the people who actually add value
Pros: Great people, access to products, international opportunities

Cons: Lack of work life balance
Very political 
Your pay does not match the name
Advice: Consider giving financial incentives as a way of retaining young talents.
Pros: You will understand your limits.
Full of young people
Decision making empowerment
Free meals
Very ethical management team

Cons: Long working hours, Good culture, nice people, good values, big company, dynamic, marketing, branding, retail, execution, launches.
Advice: Delegation, higher pay, promotions, Delegation, higher pay, promotions. Delegation, higher pay, promotions. .
Pros: Good culture, nice people, good values, big company, dynamic, marketing, branding, retail, execution, launches.

Cons: Everyone works very honestly, this is a very good company, so your thinking can never be negative
Advice: loreal  is a good brand  and all work together
Pros: The people of the office are very good. Everyone respected each other is very helpful

Cons: High pressure environment, very fast paced, poor work life balance. Expect to work 50 hour weeks while getting paid for 40.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of opportunities to learn, lots of autonomy, engaging work, and employee discount on products

Cons: Very fragile team bondage, and really you have to find ways to survive by yourself.
Advice: Please hire sustainable people.
Pros: Many opportunities to grow your professional capacities, and competitive working environment especially for junior level.

Cons: - Big group means that it's not that flexible
- You need to build your network to grow
Advice: None
Pros: - Global perspectives
- HR &amp; Management invest in you
- Citizen Day, Parties, Seminars
- Possibility to move to a different field
- Promotes women

Cons: Mediocracy is prevelant. No benefit of taking efforts or achieving more 

Top management is extremely political many good ideas die due to their internal flights
Advice: Have clear alignment within top management
Reward your stars higher than average
Pros: Extremely employee friendly 
Work life balance

Cons: 1.Average pay 
2. Slow work processes
3.  Sl
Advice: Need to be more agile in this competitive market. Marketing can do much more.
Pros: 1. Great brand which commands respect
2. Good work environment and culture
3. Best products
4. Fair benefits

Cons: Hire people too Young fresh out of university with no experience
Need to be in CPD to evolve
Advice: None
Pros: Office is beautiful. You get to try products. They let you do any projects if you bring them to port.
Summer hours good.

Cons: more time spent on internal politics and conforming to perceived management expectations than to doing any good work.
Advice: Hong Kong: play fair, don't be racist
Pros: good compensation at senior management levels, passionate employees who are obsessed with the products

Cons: low quality of people; undefined career paths; lagging in compensation
Advice: Retaining talent helps in the long run rather than continously hiring new talent
Pros: Work life balance; having fun is part of the DNA

Cons: - you meet some incredibly ignorant people
- very French culture that is not inviting or collaborative
Advice: None
Pros: - free makeup (or 50% off)
- you meet some incredibly smart people

Cons: Do not see this in Managers in L'Oreal Singapore. Current leadership in a  particular department fabricate lies to create discord among team members (non managers).
I have seen ethical issues raised but no action from local management and simply ignored by Managers.
Advice: Global top mamagement should seriously review its current mancom leadership.
Pros: Company pride itself as one of the most enthical companies in the world.

Cons: Chaotic environment
Cuthroat culture, no ownership within wider teams
Unethical behaviour around treating employees not in corporate office
Borderline bullying and entitled attitude within upper management
No worklife balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary package and benefits, friendly colleagues, desirable products and good office

Cons: - salary below industry standards
- non transparent rules for getting promotion
Advice: - promote loyal employees, pay much attention for building long term career paths within organization
Pros: - high level of empowerment
- open to innovation
- friendly &amp; helpful people
- great brands

Cons: The majority of business stays in their role for around a year before moving, this is good for career progression but can be difficult to keep up with.
Advice: None
Pros: Team environment
Flexi-Time
Investment in training staff of all levels

Cons: You need to be outspoken to be noticed by the top managements if you worked in a big team. Biased
Advice: Do not judge a book by its cover
Pros: Good benefits, training, sometimes organised and free food on certain days

Cons: Hectic 
No personal life
Work life Balance
Brand name is big but systems are very BAD
Advice: Facilitate team with data and not always ask from them
Develop a strong connection with your team 
Work on Motivating team
Pros: Good Opportunity
Great Learning
Work culture is good

Cons: extremely political company
the leadership is a mess
some people are doing the same job for 20 years and no one wants to take decisions
Advice: None
Pros: people passionate about cosmetics
you can get products for a better price

Cons: - No structure &amp; Learning by doing
- High turnover rate
- Being asked to act beyond your capabilities / excessive workload
Advice: None
Pros: - Can have a job with more responsibility than other companies
- Relatively horizontal culture

Cons: Very bad treatment by management they kiked out to employee without any mistake. Management is doing favouralism. They are treating very bad manner also not taking care by humanity.  They are trating like that machine , not taking care of families and employee feeling. Very bad experience i have. I request you everyone think lot of time.
Advice: None
Pros: Group policy and culture is good.

Cons: relatively tall structure organization, lack of efficiency. Bosses might be very subjective
Advice: None
Pros: solid on-the-job training for marketers. have a lot of budget and resources to develop and implement plans

Cons: Although the company keeps saying its flexible, its not easy to change career path.
Advice: None
Pros: Ethical company. Each day, there is an "Ethical Day" in which CEO answers anonymous answers from employees all over the world

Cons: Being able to fit in the culture is the biggest challenge for any outsider. Once learnt this , life is good in Loreal
Advice: None
Pros: Open entrepreneurial culture so opportunities to learn a lot

Cons: Too much importance placed on personal relations
Advice: Keep going
Pros: Lots of opportunies to grow and learn from the best talents
 Good work life balance
Extra amazing if you are lucky to find a great mentor

Cons: Sometimes the direct supervisor might not be the best in communication.
Advice: None
Pros: Mid-range and Upper management was very nurturing and helpful. A great starting point for entry-level marketing or management position.

Cons: there is gossiping and some people overdo. if gossip is eliminated, the colleagues are top
Advice: None
Pros: high standard and requirements, no single day is the same, lots of freedom and opportunities

Cons: More transparency and emphasis on work life balance required !
Advice: Keep it up! Great team !
Pros: Fantastic company to work for. great culture, heritage, freedom of expression and networking opportunities.

Cons: - high stress, high burnout/turnover
- all type A personalities
Advice: None
Pros: - great opportunity to learn a lot quickly
- some managers/directors are incredible

Cons: Desorganized, no processes and difficult to manage work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: The company allows you to have great exposure to top managers and you can grow there if you want to

Cons: Seen as a cosmetics company rather than an full fledged FMCG company
Advice: None
Pros: Young, like minded people to work. 
No office politics.
Well defined career progression.

Cons: High staff turn over in head office. Due to interns. Makes it hard to get things done from the top up sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic brand benefits. Huge levels of support

Cons: Intense work environment requesting lots of autonomy.
Advice: None
Pros: Not a rigid company offering to grow your carreer as you conduct it allowing you to move to other countries while staying in the group.

Cons: Work in H.O not in R.S.O
Advice: KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Pros: Glamourous company to work &amp; you will be feeling youthful till you are a part of Loreal

Cons: Sometimes very chaotic processess hapenning
Some difficulties with finding necessary information or a person who knows something needed
Advice: None
Pros: Attentive to its employees
Friendly athmisphere
Beautiful location
Big emphasis on education

Cons: Long Hours
Focus on Aesthetics over content quality
Salary not as competitive as other leading FMCG
Advice: None
Pros: Creative and Inspiring Leaders
Great Team Spirit
Good Social Events &amp; Product Perks

Cons: Representing the entire brand with two head-counts for the entire market in Myanmar
Advice: None
Pros: Very much independent and can be creative. Many direct support from regional offices for guidelines.

Cons: Person may lose clarity on professional growth at some point.
Advice: None.
Pros: Freedom at work, accountability for projects, leave and flexible working hours and fair remuneration.

Cons: Lack of built up process is great in some senses but does mean can feel disorganised at times
Advice: None
Pros: - Good Salary
- Skilled teams
- Good career progression

Cons: Too competitive environment
Lack of clear objectives
Rework is at the base of the working culture
Advice: None
Pros: Goal oriented company
Fast learning environment
High responsibility

Cons: Relatively poor work life balance
Very challenging and long approval process
Advice: Set clear goals
Pros: Learn to work in a fast-paced environment
L'Oréal offers competitive salary and great benefits

Cons: career opportunities are low in italy in general
Advice: None
Pros: The rotation that you are able to do, and the people

Cons: Very unorganized company
Too many errors 
Be careful criticizing management - it might be viewed as insult rather than recognizing flaw to fix for continuous improvement.
Advice: No training process in place. Avoid bandage solution in the process. Too many unhappy employees.
Pros: Can’t say much - keep relationship with higher management you’ll go places .

Cons: Long hours + a lot of performance pressures
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, super open to innovate and new ideas, a lot of learning

Cons: Promotions are not correct. Lot of chaos in all segments
Advice: Be more objective, open and transparent
Pros: Ability to be creative and free

Cons: Wasn't able to do overtime, the location of the store wasn't very busy.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with people, learn new tasks such as cash flow activities.

Cons: Better to be a Beauty Addict to fully enjoy the experience
Advice: None
Pros: Clear strategy
Great vibe 
Passionate people
New start up spirit spread across the company

Cons: Working overtime
No career path except for PM
Advice: Please fair opportunities
Pros: Get the free product 3times a year 
But can't choose. Usually it's slow moving stocks

Cons: Beaurocracy, career path not defined,
Advice: None
Pros: Young Environment, good network, good salary, availability for job rotation for intra-function team and brands

Cons: Low salary and you have to increase
Advice: Have a increase salary and career development
Pros: Good working environment  and lot of friends

Cons: directions from the management change all the time. very little work-life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: people are really smart here, in every department.

Cons: Does not care too much about the human aspect, little training
Advice: None
Pros: Performance driven, wages, stocks, people are really good at what they are doing

Cons: too many hierarchies too go through for decision making
Advice: None
Pros: great company with good benefits - free goods, health care, annual leave, flex hours etc.

Cons: Difficult to follow the company's strategy due to a lack of comunication
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary and  no discrimination by age , gender or nationality.
