Cons: The higher up you go, the more politics. Some teams (especially in the headquarters) are not country-centric and too much of the same profile - almost 80% of a function's committee can be all French, who have not been outside of Europe for their careers.  Harder for Asians it seems to have the same career track until a certain point in their career, then it becomes all Europeans in the post. Ethics is a campaign, but I am not sure it is embodied by everyone - especially by some leaders. Average compensation and benefits, nothing exciting.
Advice: Diversity in leadership - please commit to this and not just give the answer "we are still developing leaders in these zones." In bigger countries, the notion of being seen as an individual who can make an impact is lost - I felt this more when I worked in smaller teams.
Pros: Responsibility at a young age, and it's true that there's a lot of possibilities - you just have to remain focused on how you want to grow. Good international career in selected fields (in other functions, there may be lots of competition hence the notion that it's harder to go international). Able to handle projects that have an impact - it's true what they say, it's sometimes all up to you how you want to shape your job role and what kind of projects you want to have as your legacy. Work life balance has improved. Very strong L'Oreal culture passed on from older generations.

Cons: L'Oréal Denmark is by far the worst employer I  ever faced. I would not recommend this company to anybody.

- Absurdly long working hours. I routinely worked 9-20. On peak times it was even worse (late night & weekend work).

- No recognition for your hard work: managers rotate country/department frequently, and their only concern is to as much performance as possible during their assignment, with complete disregard of employees job satisfaction

- Strong blame culture: managers are put under very high pressure from HQ, and instead of trying to collaborate in order to solve issues, they look for somebody to blame so that they don't get in trouble

- Salary is relatively low, especially in consideration of the high workload

- HR is utterly useless and unprofessional: many co-workers of mine were feeling miserable because of the poor working conditions. HR and Managers provided no support whatsoever, leading them to feel even more hopeless

- Total lack of structure and process thinking: lots of non-value adding and boring tasks that have to be done only to please HQ in Paris

- The high turnover rate is indicative of the level of dissatisfaction that many employees exhibit
Advice: Treat your employees like human beings and not like robots that are sitting there just to produce. Having people who feel valued and considered would benefit the company in the long term.

Working hours are too high. People burn out soon and leave the company, taking away their experience and know-how. I believe it is in the interest of the firm to prevent this.
Pros: Young and international work environment. 
This is primarily due to the fact that locals (danish speakers) can find better jobs in other firms

Cons: - Management and director team who are not open to new ideas
- Very under resourced team
- Long hours... not unusual to do a 60 hour week, and it is somewhat expected to cover the workload
- A high number of interns and graduate scheme individuals - whilst this is great for them to learn working life, the reality is that you have a lot of inexperienced people who are involved in some business critical tasks
- Extremely cut-throat - weekly sales and marketing meetings would tend to have someone leaving at the end in tears (not even joking)
- Rare for all to get their full bonus. Always seemed like an extra hoop to jump through whether you had hit your objectives or not
- Low salary for the location... to have NAMs on circa 40k and SNAMs on 50k does not pay to stay
Advice: Realise that the work hard-play hard expectation does get tiresome after a while. A lot of good, talented people leave within 2 years or so because they've just had enough. Put more staff into your teams and let people enjoy a life outside of work and you will get a lot more from your teams.
Pros: - Vast range of brands
- Product discounts (50% off via the staff shop)
- Young, energetic team
- Relatively central office (Hammersmith)
- Given a lot of responsibility early on

Cons: 1. The internship is real hard work, especially when you're in the sales team. It'll drive you crazy to fulfill the sales target. 
2. You get a lot pressure if you want to be outstanding within the team. So you get emotional every now and then. 
3. They do have great culture, but they're not open for mistakes, you can't have any excuse if you don't get your job done.
Advice: When I was working there, I didn't get any mentor around me, I made mistakes and I fixed them. The HQ didn't really care about each of its employees that much.
Pros: 1. If you're a current college student in China, especially a junior one, it'd be a great opportunity for you to apply for Summer Intern at L'Oreal Group. It challenges you a lot no matter which department you'd work for. And it'll help a lot for the later interview process of their Management Trainee Program. 
2. Great HR team, really professional, they advise you and help you prepare everything. 
3. Once you get involved in their Management Trainee Program, you'll have smooth career advancement if you do work hard. And the working environment is great, you'll see your peers are all professional and outstanding.

Cons: The workload is horrendous. Doing extra hours is an expectation in London but the volume of work meant a poor work-life balance. Don't expect to be promoted to higher management unless you are or at least speak French - of the 6 senior management roles in my division only 1 of them was not French. Management skills need a leave a lot to be desired - the structure is incredibly hierarchical which is not to the best effect. Finally be prepared for politics - it's not always what you know or who you know but how loudly you can shout above the crowd.
Advice: Please think about bringing some additional people into the team to allow room to breathe, think and develop. Reconsider your secondary management. Realise that people should always come first and results will follow naturally.
Pros: There is oodles of opportunity to take on a project and go above and beyond. My peers were lovely across many different functions and there was a general vibe to do well and succeed. It's an ever changing, competitive environment that can really suit some people and the pace is fast - challenging projects can often be expected to be delivered within limited time frames. Also, the products are great with big discounts.

Cons: Hierarchy has no transparency in modus operandi. Totally dishonest and pass on the ball at higher management level. How come Mancomm can be so blind, that they do not realise the ground zero reality. You cannot be a fannatic in approach. HR is only for the name sake as they have no other jobs than to send employee joining details. Because of some higher management people, the entire credentials of the business operation of Loreal is at stake and attrition rate of ground zero guys are substantially high. Even repute in market has gone done and its impossible to recruit talented manpower for 1st and 2nd line ff under Loreal banner.
Advice: Please reveiw it as people leaving the pool have no gain other than helping you to retain the existing talent you have left with. Also down size the bunch of highly paid non deserving Managers to retain the left so called Culture and Values of Loreal.
Pros: I experienced no pros , other than great Brands.

Cons: Human Resource support for expats in Tokyo office lacks professionalism, mainly in salary visibility and administrative support. The tax system is complicated and there is no tax briefing, so you will only know your net income by the end of your expatriation. In my case, a large unanticipated sum (more than 400,000 JPY) was deducted from my final pay. When I requested for clarification, it took them almost a month to reply.
Advice: Improve orientation for new expatriates and standardise the structure for expat packages around the zone. Since the tax system in Japan is more complicated, discuss the packages in NET income instead of GROSS. This will ease the unnecessary stress for expats and give much more visibility where finances are concerned.
Pros: Flexible hours, passionate and fun management, many opportunities for overseas work posting, vibrant and young working atmosphere, great staff discounts. People here are energetic and open to new ideas.

Cons: The IT systems could be better and more cutting edge, but they are working on it and I have seen positive movement to address these issues.
Advice: To continue this great initiative of Beauty for all focusing on sustainable growth both environmentally and socially. Also to continue to inspire a culture of innovation and applauding well calculated risks.
Pros: I have worked for L'Oreal for 7 years and really love it.  I have now lived in 3 countries with L'Oreal and have had an exciting and challenging career path.  I work every day with incredibly intellectually curious people great attitudes that enables us create, innovate and build things every day.  Even though it is a large organization, you still feel the entrepreneurial spirit no matter which function you are in.  The company is also extremely financially stable.

Cons: The company lack of process can drive anyone crazy. Even if you like to work that way. People tend not to give the proper tools to start working. It's like someone give you a Ferrari without you having a driver license. You have to learn how to drive in the middle of a highway. The company it's completely moved by international visits. If L'oréal CEO or even any Regional Manager comes to your country, get ready for action. Lots of money spent on trying to make a good impression for the top management. The company is completely brand-centric.
Advice: Become more consumer-centric, and less brand-centric. L'oréal and it's brands shoudn't try to impose consumers what to use or like.
Pros: Really dynamic. Everything can change in a few meetings. The company gives you great independence to propose different strategies and solutions. For those with strong heart and great reselience.

Cons: Not many cons to say, not any cons to say really, I believe if i were forced into saying a con it would be that "I wish they spoke to us more on a personal bases after the brandstorm was concluded, they really do seem like very fun people to talk to".
Advice: None
Pros: Before i talk about the pros and cons its very important to state that I havent worked within the company itself or ever was an integral part of the Loreal community (on a corporate bases), however, I did spend some time working with the representatives of loreal in order to come up with our brandstorm. PROS: Amazing people, they give you a sense of an unbelievably fun and dynamic environment, highly intelligent they really do know what theyre doing. Ended up second Place.

Cons: You need to be on your game all the time, and the pace of action is very fast.
People change jobs very frequently so you're always building new relationships which, whilst stimulating, can slow down progress.
French culture takes time to understand. 
The london office is very tired and needs updating. The executive offices are beautiful, reflecting the brands. Everyone else works in cramped spaces at ugly desks.
Advice: There are too many priorities. Focus more.
Pros: The pay & benefits are slightly above average, not the best, but good. You get rewarded for achievement.
The business is so varied that you can have a whole lifetime career with L'Oreal and never get bored.
It's a fast-moving, entrepreneurial culture with empowerment for anyone who wants to take it.

Cons: You have to work under fast pace environment and sometimes you might be stressed if you could not manage the timeline of your tasks well. Many people are working until very late to catch up with tight deadlines.
Advice: Everyone in the company is super busy especially the management team. You may not be able to get timely feedback and evaluation from the management team.
Pros: L'Oréal is the world leading skin care & cosmetics company and you will be able to observe the operation of this big multi-national company. You could understand how a beauty brand works under cooperation of marketing & sales team. And more importantly, you could learn time management, multi-tasking and practical analytical skills. Good experience.

Cons: -There is no training at all so most of the times you need to figure out by your own how things are done. This can slow down a lot of processes. 
- Work-life balance culture is a mess. People never leave on time (sometimes they stayed until late night hours).
-Micro-managament gives less room for innovation and (also) slow things down.
Advice: -Empower and trust your employees to innovate more.
-Encourage work-life balance. The key to a successful business is happy employees. 
-Invest on training programs fro all levels and not only senior management.
Pros: -High paced environment where you learn a lot. 
-Opportunity to grow and move within the company. 
-Working in one of the biggest companies worldwide with well known brands.

Cons: Everything changes so fast, including your manager, that will implement on the changing system and policy also. If you can adjust to changes, you definitely can fit. Sometimes the products just don't match with the local need, but you have to sell it anyway.
Advice: Put the best man in your strategic places, not only because they are French.  Local people can be trusted to know their own market, sometimes it difficult to foreigner to understand the local market, especially for DMI who never stay long in that country.
Pros: Great friends and ambience. We had the "work hard and play harder" motto for sure. No boundaries beetween bosses and their subordinate. Encourage to think outside the box.

Cons: - hierarchical organisation, need to use the lines of hierarchy to get things done
- sometimes get a bit lost in details, instead of looking at the bigger picture (but this is inherent to the beauty/fashion business I guess)
Advice: - empower your employees even more to run their projects and fail at some times
- listen more to your employees to stop the high rate of turnover
Pros: - entrepreneurial spirit, room to create things yourself
- innovation at the core, products but also communication model (as of lately)
- young, ambitious colleagues
- lots of responsibilities from the beginning 
- great learning school how to work with people, partners and to get marketing at a very broad level

Cons: - High turnover (never a good sign). 
- On average, 1 person quits every month.
- Business model is based on very young workers (right out of college) taking management positions to keep salaries to a bare minimum, therefore the only real decision makers are the Directors. 
- Most employees earn 60% less than average market salaries in Panama across the board (sales, marketing, etc.).
- Indecisive and bureaucratic upper management.
- Ugly company culture (long hours, horrible bratty bosses, sucking up is rewarded, very political and highly hierarchical)
- Absolutely no work-life balance.
- No real respect for the local culture, since all upper managers are expats.
- Locals are considered the "help" and not really considered for anything other than lower status jobs.
Advice: None.
Pros: - Nice location of main office.
- Good school to learn sales, marketing, supply and then get out within 2 years.

Cons: - Average salaries around 60% vs. other CPG companies.
- It is an 'organic culture'. You need to be comfortable with doing a LOT of work, by yourself, navigate ambiguity and lack of guidance.
- Long and slow growth path to senior management.
- Harsh culture, very independent. Not very collaborative. Senior Management is tough.
Advice: None
Pros: - Biggest beauty company in the world. It is the leading place to start a career in beauty.
- Amazing resources to work with.
- 'Organic' culture. There are not many processes and you have freedom to pursue creative plans, without much burocracy, within certain limits.
- Perks! Tons of beauty products for free or discounted.

Cons: With anything challenging things take time and effort. Expect to work long hours, especially during peak periods. You will be pushed and sometimes stressed but its worth it.
Advice: Modernize outdated and archaic software to more user friendly alternatives. This will improve productivity and help modernize the workforce.
Pros: I've been with L'Oreal for a little over a year now and honestly love working here. My colleagues are smart, competent and hard working. The environment is fast paced and challenging but employees are given every opportunity to  excel and succeed. If you are motivated and ambitious you'll likely really enjoy working here... especially if you have an entrepreneurial spirit.

Cons: Not sure if it is a great place to grow and settle down but if you have an opportunity to work there, don't miss it. The salaries are still below the business benchmark. Home office does not exist in their vocabulary.
Advice: Home office, guys. I think we are the only company of our market which do not do home office. Salaries could be much better, that's why most of the people I know have left.
Pros: It is a great place to learn and develop. It is always changing. There's international mobility. It is a very inclusive company, one of its values is diversity.

Cons: I didn't learn anything valuable outside the company. I was constantly asked to fix small things. Few real responsibilities. They simply hire interns to do jobs that no one wants to do, like write emails and call creative agency to ask them to do small changes to commercials (i.e. make it bold, please more blue...)
As in any marketing department that is not the headquarter, there is no strategic view. It's pure operational marketing: execution of what Paris decides. People are stressed to  execute things that someone else decided and they scream at you too often.
Inefficient processes and old systems.
Advice: Create a Corporate Culture. Innovate processes (you are not really digital if you only use social media). Offer yoga classes to Group product managers
Pros: Exposure to all firm's functions and see complexity of a multinational company.

Cons: Management is hierarchical and old fashioned - a lot of people nearing retirement hold the top jobs and they never, ever leave!  
If you have experience outside L'Oreal forget about it as no one cares.   They will want you to adapt to their way of doing things.
Advice: Listen to teams, manage down and stop sucking up to your boss.  Get rid of Managers who have been promoted to their level of incompetence and give younger managers a chance to do things differently or the company will stagnate and eventually fail.  Accept people who come from outside!
Pros: L'Oreal challenges you and ensures you give your best everyday and as a result you learn quickly to be extremely productive! If you can do it well at L'Oreal you will probably succeed anywhere!

Cons: Quick promotion due to high turnover 
High turnover can lead to very Junior teams and lack of experience 
A lot of time spent retraining and trying to prevent history repeating rather than progressing as a unit 
Pay grades are secretive
Advice: Be aligned in objectives and filter down to teams 
Share career paths with teams 
Ensure all teams have the same opportunity, and indeed take this opportunity, to have outings 
Train managers in giving appropriate feedback 
Give equal training
Pros: Vibrant, enthusiastic, young team 
Quick promotion if you succeed and overdeliver
Annual conference abroad if good performance 
Discounted products 
Annual profit share for FTEs

Cons: With respect to other global companies, unfortunately there is no work structure at all. You may be responsible for everything or nothing. It is real chaotic environment which may be sometimes very inefficient. Also I should add that no work-life balance, you may receive an e-mail on sunday night and it is totally normal thing for here not an extraordinary campaign period or whatsoever.
Advice: Encourage work-life balance
As i know, according to top management chaotic environment is good for the company' development but it totally blaze high turn over rates and dissat
Pros: Young and dynamic environment is the best side of the Loreal

Cons: Very operationally driven even as a Manager or in managerial role. Can be political at times and culturally its a dog eat dog world. Long working hours at times and no work life balance. Diversity is not prevalence in the organisation though it is what the company has been promoting.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit and accessibility to beauty products, events etc. Additionally, free lunch is provided every Tuesday and Thursday of the week. Good for career advancement as the organisation values internal promotion than external hiring.

Cons: Safety hazards and concocting issues, very high TURN over rate. Lack of communication or RESPECT from upper management. Maintenance not been done properly. PoE not being given. Favoritism as well as impartiality. And no open door policy,at all.
Advice: Communication, equality. Safety walks all day, housekeeping. Termination with out proper cause. Slip and trip hazards. Over working associates due to high TURN over rate.
Pros: Clean enviroment, limited hours worked discounts on merchandise team envisioned, and motivated, and work as a team demonstrating equality and diversity. They don't just stand around during down time,  they are cleaning or helping out others.

Cons: Some managers are great from a technical point of view, but lack a lot of people management skills. 
Since it's a very popular company, some managers have a philosophy towards their employees of "if you're not happy, 300 people want your job".
Advice: Please keep an eye on the mid-level managers and make sure they are taking care of their employees.
Pros: Good company to learn a lot, let's you lead projects and suggests new ways of doing thing. 
Innovation is valued and recognized.
Younger age average makes it a dynamic work environment. 
Good trainings and career development up to mid-level manager.

Cons: A sink or swim environment, not much training on the products, long hours, not having the right or old tools in place.
Advice: Need to watch who you hire in a National role as they didn't have enough experience dealing with current staff, felt like I was bullied (in this team) and this person is very passive aggressive. Never gave any coaching or training. This person should not be there!
Pros: The L'Oreal brand has great product allowance, amazing incentives plus a great sales commissions.
Have friends for life as we had a great field team.

Cons: Poor Management 
Very Less employee incentives
Advice: Candidate considered for managerial position should have leader ship qualities. In loreal, a candidate deems fit for managerial position based on his seniority and experience - regardless of the fact that whether he or she can lead/manage team or not.

Secondly, Employee's are more important than customers/consumers.
Pros: Work Delegation - Managers delegate most of their tasks to their Juniors. Helping them grow faster
Experience - beside learning one's work, new starters or mid level employees are exposed to higher management which helps them become more confident and grow.

Cons: * Heavy workload and few people to do it in the communications and public relations team
* Communications team should be more integrated with marketing teams.
Advice: Work on a culture of a better work- personal life balance.
Pros: * Great atmosphere and collaborative team.
* Amazing products to work with
* High energy
* Great education programs developed internally

Cons: Extremely high expectations - both internal and from international level - drive a high intensity and pressured environment which creates for a challenging work/life balance.
Advice: Continue to foster a dynamic environment for training new talent, but increase focus on retention vs. recruitment to strengthen long-term talent pool within the organization.
Pros: Dynamic teams who genuinely strive for collaboration, strong training ground for junior talent with immediate access to exposure in front of senior stakeholders, room to contribute new ideas and evolve within the company, including international mobility opportunities.

Cons: Long work hours, nasty environment, not professional development, it's chaotic all the time, you work under really hard pressure all the time, Hugh rate of personal
Station, no stability, they always promote external people faster
Advice: You should take care appropriately of your employees
Pros: Salary, experience, compensation plan, you can find a valuable people out there but they won't last long. They can promote you "fast" but they take advantage of you if they did it

Cons: As any FMCG , change is always there , in Structure, flows and process. You have just to adapt to it. Work life balance is hard to achieve, especially if you are in an entry level.
Advice: Salary and compensations should be greatly reviewed not only from the business point of view but also from market value and inflation rares.
Pros: The company really value hard working and talent acquisition.Everything is possible in this company, You have to just focus on your career aspirations..

Cons: office politics can be annoying. Often it is all about the networking, the people you know rather than what you can do. Sometime your team can be amazing, other times it is a nightmare
Advice: More transparency of the promotion and hiring process, so really it is the best talent for the job rather than just the person the manager knows.
Pros: Very energetic, talented people, steep learning curve and being part of a large international company. A lot of opportunities within

Cons: It is sometimes difficult to understand all the expectations due to the belonging of L'Oreal Canada to an international company.
Advice: It could be nice to have a better canteen on the main building.
Pros: L'Oreal is a place where you are given the chance to develop yourself and propose new ideas.
Annual events such as information meetings just make you feel you are part of a great company.
L'Oreal is very well located in a beautiful location
Compensation and benefits are very good

Cons: Management micro-managing every detail, extremely hierarchical in all way. The CEO seems to be anti-work life balance ( everything has to be done immediately-no priorities , emails sent on weekends and bank holidays).Very short headcount.Lot of focus on placing blame rather than moving and solving issue.
Advice: Treat people with respect and trust them. Hire more people.
Pros: Very talented people, interesting products, the best training you can get, you make your job description as you wish.

Cons: Office politics, no objective employee evaluation, bad office atmosphere, people's aggressiveness
Advice: First reform your HR departments, then enable them to positively impact the rest of the company. Reduce office politics. Reduce the amount of time spent on meetings and futile details that make people's lives unnecessarily miserable. Install an objective way of evaluating people. Put competent, high skilled managers as team leaders instead of people with just great taste.
Pros: Continue strive for excellence, strong marketing department

Cons: Lack of clear accountabilities and job definitions, too fluid structure. This is something embedded into the culture, which allows for increased flexibility, and some people like it. For many people this is shocking, however, and they find it hard to adapt.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast learning pace, management is supportive and extremely knowledgeable - accelerates your learning, capable and supportive colleagues, great career progression opportunities, sometimes international meetings and trainings that make you feel as a part of a global entity.

Cons: not a friendly environment to learn
company would choose to exploit manpower instead of improving technologies so that systems can run smoother
over time is a definite
cost cutting is key and will sometimes hold priority over staff welfare
Advice: invest in better technology
value your staff
money has to be spent on good marketing for it to work
Pros: you get to learn a lot, treated like a loreal staff
you learn how to dress and make up better
hierarchy is quite flat

Cons: Can take some time to adapt since innovative and flexible structure can lend itself to a complex organization
Advice: Networking and entrepreneurship is key.
Pros: The integration programs for new-to-L'Oreal employees are well thought out and relevant.  Although the culture is not always easy to understand, L'Oreal goes out of the way to ensure that there is an integration plan and that new employees get the full disclosure on how to navigate and succeed at L'Oreal.

Cons: work life balance is a problem, there is a lot of micromanagent and little inspiring leaders, value and appreciacion is given to talented individuals but too little focus on teamwork
Advice: more trust, more transparency, more courage
Pros: You are given a lot of responsibility from the beginning, entrepreneurship and innovative approach is promoted, you work with passionate and very professional people, the company offers great career opportunities, also international.

Cons: Office is noisy, management has a crippling lack of technical awareness, HR is severely incapable of thinking out of the box, getting new software approved is really difficult.
Advice: Find a way to streamline the new software installation process. The approval is unreasonably slow, and projects get suspended indefinitely waiting for the tools to undertake them.
Pros: Laid back environment, nice food in the canteen at the top floor, there seems to be good progression perspectives.

Cons: A lot of work! Which means long hours and working on the weekend! A lot of operational stuff done by marketing rather than controlling or logistics
Advice: Hire more people to do the job, as it is A LOT! Go a bit more outaide the tradicional scope of each distribution channel
Pros: Global Played, with good products reputation and excellent marketing strategies! Easier to negotiate with clients as they already trust you and the brands

Cons: Awful treatment of staff! Would never work for them again after 7 years! They really do not care. Very high turnover of staff. Would not recommend. Morale low and everyone moans
Advice: Work with your staff and have interaction with them. There is no connection. Stop being so dismissive and lists to the values and ideas of your staff... Ask yourself a question? Why such a high turnover of staff?
Pros: Great people that work hard and help each other. Great social life! Office is lovely and you get a lot of free products. Great if you are ready to work 24 hours a day!

Cons: Very political
No organization chart, very lose job description 
Messy, no processes
Some very bad managers can have a great career and destroy others if they are good politicians
Advice: Focus on competences and work quality instead of spending your time in office politics 
Cancel meetings that are useless
Pros: Great training 
Smart people 
The best company to learn marketing 
Lots of evolution opportunities: explosive job every 2 years 
Great products

Cons: This work environment is not for everyone - burnouts happen quite often.  Red-tape is a chore and IT support is abysmal.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a company where things get done if you have both the know-how and the know-who.  The job is what you make of it.  Plenty of opportunities for growth, but it requires a lot of hustle.

Cons: A culture promoting conflicts, the organization is designed in a way that there are lots of misalignment in goals of different departments. Without a crystal clear definition of responsibilities etc, internal conflicts are very often.
Advice: Install a better system to smooth internal process.
Pros: It is very entrepreneurship like, unlike many corporate, it is a place where new ideas and concepts get implemented without long approval process.

Cons: The downsides of the company was no good facilities of salary.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment of the company was very good. It is one of  the best fastest growing company. People feel so proud to be part of the company as company provides full support o their employeee in professional front. It has may branches across the world so I had a good opportunity to work them.

Cons: The only issue might be that the company could improve its organizational skills as it is still very French culture working for Loreal.
Advice: Improve organization, motivate people more, increase salary and benefit packages and improve IT assets.
Pros: Simply amazing young and engaged, super motivated people that work at Loreal. Also the work life balance has improved significantly.

Cons: Overload of work, lots and lots of extra hours, carreer path is not clear especially for HR, everything is urgent and actually it isn't, it doesn't have great leaders.
Advice: It would be nice if the values were totally applied on the job.
Pros: Salary and benefits, flexibility of clothing and time at working (you can make your own rotine), disccounts at L'Oréal products.

Cons: High turnover rate, long working hours. Many tasks can be automated but innovation does not appear to be a priority in the company.
Advice: innovate more
Pros: Dynamic, exciting industry and work environment. The work is challenging but provides for great learning opportunities. The people tend to be fun and smart, and are a joy to work with.

Cons: we work a lot, then people will not have time to think and participate the some meetings and understand the whole business
Advice: very young managers, they don't know how to coach people and get people improved during the job
Pros: good work environment, people are young and very easy to make friends. There are a lot of job benefits and activities

Cons: Too much work to do and few hands to do it, quality of life is poor people have to work many extra hours to try to accomplish the demands the company has
Advice: None
Pros: Learning experience, many responsibilities that let you develop many skills, good people, great brands that inspire every day that are positioned in the market and let you create amazing things

Cons: Highly competitive work environment, long work hours, too much pressure coming from upper management.
Advice: Managers should foster a cooperative culture instead of encouraging employees to be  too much competitive. It creates a toxic work environment and demotivate people in the long run.
Pros: Great salary and benefits. Yearly bonus. Well-known and respected company. Lots of possibilities to grown within the company.

Cons: limitations from head company. Many working hours. Frequent reorganization changes.
Advice: Hard working and worthy employees exist in more dept. than sales and marketing! Try to spot them "use" them!!
Pros: Great colleagues, great facilities, indoor restaurant. Recognize your work, but only if you work for sales or marketing.

Cons: Complexity, long hours of work , deficity of other departments than marketing, managers that are not sure of priorities, agencies that are not capable. Not many opportunities for abroad roles
Advice: None
Pros: Full responsibility in early age, individual decision making, energetic environment, you define your role, quick promotions if you deserve. You own your job, not your manager

Cons: Nothing is impossible culture can be very demanding on the individual. Not always rewarded for merit but rather how loud one shouts.
Advice: Give more direction, autonomy & support to teams.
Pros: Lots of experience across many elements of the business. Exceptional brands & products surrounded by a young, bright & ambitious team.

Cons: 1) late hours and intense environment during critical period
2) high turnover resulting is lack of continuity and stability
3) frequent change in direction can result in higher stress level among employees
Advice: None
Pros: 1)fast pace and exciting company
2)great benefits
3)dynamic with great opportunities
4) everyone can be be their true self

Cons: - Traditional way of working, not agile and very operational
- Very hierarchical and political company 
- Marketing focused, which is nice if you work in marketing but can work against you if you work in other disciplines
- Salary
Advice: None
Pros: - Beautiful products
- Many young ambitious colleagues
- Possibility to grow (fast) within the company, especially for marketeers

Cons: The Beauty Shaker Awards require a lot of work, but it's worth it if you truly believe in your project.
Advice: None
Pros: The Beauty Shaker Awards at L'Oréal Canada are amazing. They allowed me to pursue the project I was interested in, even though it does not necessarily relate to my day to day activities.

Cons: - high personal investment
- matrix organisation makes it complex and slow in decision process
- not best in class in terms of working equipments (PC etc.)
Advice: Be the driver of change withing the company
Pros: - give young people full responsability
- possibility for international careers
- amazing portfolio of brands
- high training capacity and willingness
- great internal working culture

Cons: -Very political
-Heavy workload and long working hours, no work-life balance
-Management level change decisions all the time, always announce changes in the last minutes
-Extremely high turn-over rate since 2014
Advice: None
Pros: -Good career prosepct
-Free goods and staff purchase
-Good salary and benefit
-Good on CV, easy to look for other companies in the same industry
-Interesting job nature

Cons: Salaries are below industry average, nepotism is a wide spread practice, the company is very slow in decision-making and extremely bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good products and excellent brands speak in favor of L'Oreal. It's a good place to start your career, you can learn a lot, especially if you're new to consumer goods and services sector.

Cons: Teams generally seem to be under resourced so workloads can be pretty unrealistic
No free tea or coffee!
Advice: Employ adequate headcount for a team that can perform at full capacity
Pros: Lovely people 
Fast paced and dynamic
Willing to experiment 
Good budgets

Cons: You need to show yourself and show all your skills while working in the company, take the initiative, without that in company you can't achieve success and career growth
Advice: None
Pros: You can get very valuable experience in company in different fields of work. And you can count on a quick career progression. Innovations are welcome here.

Cons: Lack of training from team and HR, working hours can be quite long, stressful environment during visits from international teams
Advice: Better structure for internal graduate scheme applications
Pros: Good salary, social community, access to big projects whilst at an entry level job, chance to work across teams and take ownership of tasks

Cons: High speed of work and quite demanding working culture. Difficult in keeping the work & life balance even thought the enterprise works hard on it:
Advice: None
Pros: Very challenging environment, great opportunities and high dynamism of work: Possibilities to move to different positions and work in international environment. Possibility to work on the top of the industry.

Cons: Too many projects at the same time, home grown managers that lack outside experience and perspective. Can be exhausting since the upper management has very high expectations.
Advice: Prioritize and delegate projects according to individuals experience and expertise.
Pros: Great office, smart colleagues, interesting projects and lots of opportunity to show case yourself.

Cons: Extreme turnover rate, consider 4 people came and quit on the same post within 1 year. 
No work/life balance. Only work. 
Sink or swim. They will just let you drown and don't ever bother to help. 
Expect you to hit the ground running on the first day.
Low respect to most people outside marketing.
You get promoted not because of capability but through resignation and relationship.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start your career if you are interested in the industry.
Get used to the extremely demanding industry norm.
Good staff discount.

Cons: Hiring quality decreases. Emphasis on politics & process instead of value creation. Slow mobility. Average benefits.
Advice: Nothing. Everything going on is part of the normal process of a company growing that large.
Pros: Great brands and products. Nice office facilities. Regional / international exposure. Large budgets and large projects.

Cons: In the title of the review - L'Oreal is a 'good' company to work. But there is distinct lack of training of new employees and personal development

Expected to work long hours

Top management a bit disconnected
Advice: Introduce a better reward scheme and motivate employees more
Pros: Good entrepreneurial spirit and drive for growth

Fast paced environment - challenging

Cons: Intentional organizational chaos and lack of structured processes, long working hours, mediocre salary (but I loved it nevertheless!)
Advice: None
Pros: Own projects, a lot of responsibility, great teamwork, high learning curve, good mix between analytical and creative tasks, culture of trust, and of course: employee discount!

Cons: you will stay forever in this company as you don't feel the years with different positions and sometimes you need to see something else to grow and to have a fresh eye on the way to work
Advice: keep going keep pushing to make people grow and enjoy the job
Pros: Challenging environment
Growing opportunities
good salary

Cons: Management whimsical.
Very elitiste.
No specific job description.
Lack of automation of non added value jobs.
Advice: Stick to your decision, stop contradicting yourself.
Accept that you can be wrong sometimes.
Pros: Ability to change job and countries quickly.
Flexible hours, vacation easy to take.
Management human.

Cons: I worked for L'Oreal Korea for 1 year.
Sometimes heavy workload was hard to manage in order to meet deadline.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked for L'Oreal Korea for 1 year.
It offers a lot of opportunities in terms of advancement in career. Also, Great support for newcomer

Cons: works for inside, non processual, based on relationship and not in meritocracy, low salaries, life balance, lot of rework, lot of "I think" instead of "The consumers want"
Advice: recognize your talents, and do not lose then, and care about life balance
Pros: Ownership, good products, based on relationships, lot of knowledge

Cons: You need to have a very good time management skill to survive. very fast paced
Advice: Lack of communications on projects between team especially to interns - as we tend to get left behind
Pros: Great activities and efforts for employees - mostly for full time.

Cons: Long working hours, very fast paced which is  normal in an emerging market that is constantly changing.

You have to cope well with the change and the pressure.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture with strong values

Fun environment, open minded, young and passionate

Career growth based on exceptional performance

Amazing  products and people to work with!

Cons: work load is a big high, but I assume it is the normal working load in FMCG
sometimes have to waste some time on non-efficient meetings
Advice: there was no micromanagement with the management structure, but there is not too much room for innovation
Pros: great working environment 
nice benefit
great career development plan
training program

Cons: Can be "high on words than actions" especially on topics of Simplification and Ethics. This is something, the Organisation can avoid internally and focus more on productivity per employee.
Advice: Need very serious consideration on evaluating productivity per employee.
Pros: Entrepreneurial, Independence in daily operations to managers, Promotes Innovations.

Cons: Yet lack of training & management. You are thrown in the water and they watch if you can swim and how far you can swim
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to develop compentencies as given a lot of autonomy & scope of action. "Make it happen" philosophy that is really challenging.

Cons: there is no many chances to grow in some Areas, i.e. Finance,
Advice: If you are starting your carrer specially in Marketing, it's the right place to start!!
Pros: It's a good company, great for young people, you have the chance to learn the way things should be done!

Cons: Too much politics and bad relationship between work and personal life.
Advice: The work is a part of your life, make it a place as agreeable as is your relationship with your friends and family.
Pros: A dynamic company, challenging and above all, a developer of talent.

Cons: None, since at L'Oreal Levant  the workforce here is healthy and friendly
Advice: None
Pros: You get the chance to participate in departmental activities
You have the opportunity to contribute to the implementation of several HR projects 
The environment is very friendly
People working here are influencers and motivators

Cons: The company has changed much and become profit driven only.
Advice: Diversify in management, management is limited to personal discretion and satisfaction mostly. Lower subordinates are not even recognized as part of the company, especially temporary employees.
Pros: Nice benefits package, some security if they like you.

Cons: everything depends on the people you are working together. very subjective decision making process, nationality affect on the future growth potential of individual
Advice: None
Pros: always great challenge, exciting many different brands, good atmosphere, interesting colleagues, many different career opportunities, global location in many different continents and countries

Cons: The whole company is a joke about customer service and logistics. The company is badly organized, unmotivated people everywhere so there is no chance for improving.
Advice: Change the management team!
Pros: Not too much to say, maybe the fact that my boss was in Prague, so I had freedom.

Cons: _you work as a normal employed but you are paid as an intern
_advancing in my career was impossible, not in Italy
Advice: None
Pros: _My Boss was great, He taught me how to relate myself to other boss and colleagues
_Great Hr program
_a paid internship 
_interest in diversity

Cons: 1) Far away from home 
2) Heavy workload 
3) Not regular lunch hours
Advice: 1) More resources on staff training 
2) More internship opportunities 
3) More advertisement and resources on talent recruitment
Pros: 1) Good pay 
2) Friendly colleagues 
3) Cosy and chic office 
4) Reasonable working hours

Cons: Important to be agile and accept to Redo things
Need more processes 
A lot of projets on going 
Need simplification
Advice: None
Pros: Room for entrepreneurship and new ideas 
Autonomous
Allows to go behind your position 
Network and cross fonctionnal culture  
Managers accessible 
Talent people

Cons: Stress and long lasting days that make difficult to balance personal and professional life.
Too many deadlines that makes sometimes impossible to plan holidays
Advice: None
Pros: Freedom as you define your job. Not so strict manual established definitions that enriches your job.
A place where your opinion is listened to

Cons: People, mentality, sometimes hard to really take time to discuss to find a solution, manager that doesn't really know the job
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, life and work balance, training sessions, job evolution, good work areas, career grows fast, good job opportunities, fast turnover

Cons: Difficulty in transitioning between roles
Advice: None
Pros: -Good place to learn as people always encourage asking questions and have the patience to explain
- Allott good roles to MTs
- MT stint projects are challenging
-Have a very good rewards and recognition system and hard work is appreciated

Cons: There are not many actually. Well, I didn't work that long there, and there might be more cons in other departments.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice supervisors and colleagues. Great products, and it seems that it's quite easy to grow professionally once you are in there.

Cons: Long hours, lack of work-life balance
Advice: More life balance, improve comunication
Pros: Passioning environment, products and people. 
Lack of business processes which allows innovation and creativity. 
No matter how young or new you are at the company, you can always make a difference.

Cons: It's not too far from Paris, but it takes a while to get there from the center of town
Advice: Dress well and be always impeccable. Speak with your colleagues and make them your friends
Pros: Free shampoos and conditioners, and other product samples

Cons: Low salaries, no work life balance, no transparency of the HR policies
Advice: Modernize the company, more transparency
Pros: Freedom to do new things, You create your own role, budget to spend, good school in terms of managing the complexity and network ( French style)

Cons: At times too hierarchical in decision-making, long working hours
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of developing opportunities from the first day, dynamic and interesting industry, lots of freebies, high responsibility for entire projects, great & motivating team, learning from each other, fair feedback.

Cons: No structure, atmosphere of chaos and pressure constantly. It is almost the norm to do many more hours than you are contracted for.
Advice: Need to care more about the people and what they are saying. Not everyone can work 100 miles an hour, nor should it be expected.
Pros: Lots of freebies! Good restaurant. Do social activities very well. Very central and easy place to get to when commuting.

Cons: Terrible Culture where destroying the others, talking about them in their back and taking credit for the good projects that others do is essential.
Advice: None
Pros: Very interesting brands to work for 
Very fast paced and challenging environment

Cons: not many down sides as I was there for a short period as a contract worker.
Advice: None
Pros: Great experience with lots of fun people. Nice environment with great discounts on all products, would recommend working here.

Cons: Somehow, I thought the benefits shared to Manufacturer (plant) is different with the HO (Head Office/ Sales Office). I think the benefits for Manufacture's plant is less than the sales.
Advice: None
Pros: Facilitate the nice environment for work.

Cons: You have to be very allign with the culture of the company , the balance between personal/proffesional life is not the best one
Advice: None
Pros: It´s a great company to developt by yourself and learn a lot

Cons: Feedback culture is weak, challenging environnement, still some "old school" management codes
Advice: Be the change you want to see.
Pros: Professional development, working with great people, international careers, human before processes, good working conditions

Cons: Resistant to change, politics are above rational decisions.
Advice: Learn what is going on from the base. Don't kill creativity.
Pros: Generally good and respectable environment. You eventually learn a lot for the FMCG industry.

Cons: Political Environment, lots of finger pointing, work life balance, organized chaos. Internal communication highly managed.
Advice: Reduce Politics, and no need to spy on your employees
Pros: Amazing People, Great Brands and Lots of Innovation every year.

Cons: The only cons are, once I was no longer apart of the organization I found it really hard to work for another equally as rewarding
Advice: None
Pros: Global, Professional, very well liked Brand and easy to work with

Cons: Too much focus on networking and bla bla without substance
Advice: None
Pros: Global leader in it's sector, international diverse talent in all functions, organic culture, strong CSR engagements, operates in dynamic markets

Cons: Complexity, lack of clear procedures, high anticipation to lower level roles
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful products, innovation and passion

Cons: At this point no points
Advice: Keep on going with the current policy
Pros: Loreal goes the extra mile to keep employees happy, with benefits such as paid vacation and on-site daycare.

Cons: Work life balance can be a struggle, flat management structure in UK so not many opportunities to progress
Advice: Make clear career progress routes
Pros: Great opportunity, fast paced, invest in your training to develop you

Cons: there wasnt any formal sending off when internship finished. found it odd
Advice: none
Pros: nice culture and great people. The people are helpful and willing to teach you. they share information and make sure youre happy

Cons: Rapid and changing environment with high staff turnover
Hierarchical in terms of signing documents
Advice: None
Pros: Free to contribute ideas despite a low position as an intern
Flexible working hours
Respect towards everyone's opinion

Cons: High pressure which is ongoing. VERY results driven.
Advice: work life balance only comes when the pressure is relieved
Pros: Training and Devolpment are superb, every year and always of great benefit to the employee.

Cons: No work life balance.
Very long hours every day with many meetings
Interns are hired to replace permanent staffs, given perm staff responsibilities
Interns are overworked and their managers overloaded.
Senior Management not very open to mistakes made.
Advice: Don't spread labour resources too thin. 
Your employees are very tired.
Make a point to listen to them and help your middle management
Pros: Good benefits, central location.
Good opportunities within organisation.

Cons: everyone for themselves at times
"clique-ish"
salaries less competitive
Advice: Maintain an open line of communication with the lower levels of the company when possible
Pros: Career development is priority
Bonuses can be nice
Fast-paced, glamorous industry...looks good on resume

Cons: Very disorganized, it's part of the French culture.  There are no proceses
Advice: There should be a more structured base.
Pros: Great people, and a lot of creative and strategic freedom.

Cons: Work can be tedious and lots of hands-on jobs to do as well
Advice: None
Pros: An enriching learning experience with opportunities to experience brand management. A fast-paced working environment.

Cons: Lot of pressure. Few career opportunities. Hard to ask for relocation.
Advice: None
Pros: Insightful. You learn a lot. Usually, top managers a very smart and you can learn a lot from them.

Cons: Young managers who lack managerial (i.e. managing people) experience; no work-life balance (maybe on paper but not in real life);
Advice: None
Pros: Fun environment; fun products to market; nice offices; great learning opportunities

Cons: Red tape is apparent in the company with many hierarchies.
Advice: Streamline the internship programme even more and have specific goals.
Pros: Good internship programme for penultimate students

Cons: Little work-life balance. A growing middle management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with and really good company atmosphere

Cons: None, working at Loreal was a great experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work ethics, Open culture and flexibility, relaxed and productive atmosphere, great exposure and freedom to take decisions

Cons: In every department informational systems should be used more than we use today.
Advice: None
Pros: For 2,5 years I've never felt like as if "OMG today is Monday :("

Cons: Pressure
Deadline impossible to keep 
lack of organization and process ( L'oRéal company culture)
Advice: More clarity in the process
Pros: Trust 
Opportunities 
Team spirit
Company culture (entrepreuneurship, 
Intern community

Cons: Unorganized, work long hours, underpaid
Advice: Invest more in people, operations for the well being of the employees
Pros: Promotes entrepreneurial spirit, great for networking and big opportunity for growth

Cons: Horrible work/life balance. Work areas without process and way of work.
Advice: None
Pros: To work with big brands and best products. Great team with lovely people.

Cons: You do need to know french language to be able to grow in this company
Advice: None
Pros: Very dynamic and competitive environment

Cons: Work-life balance
Salary
Environnement not always friendly and welcoming, superficial..
Advice: None
Pros: Fast-paced learning
Inspiring colleagues
Glamorous environnement
Great stepping stone for anyone that is ready to learn and absorb

Cons: Busy in central London
Lack of social events for interns
Sometimes slow
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Subsided canteen
Great office and training provided
Friendly
Casual Fridays
Summer hours

Cons: - sometimes lack of clear objectives
- people can sometimes go behind your back
Advice: None
Pros: - advantages for employees 
- fun, open, international colleagues

Cons: no sense of entrepreneurship, not fair to employees
Advice: make a decision and pursue it!
Pros: be part of the biggest company conglomerate in his sector.

Cons: there is no work/life balance
Advice: Smile more
Pros: decent perks, If you have children, don't expect to see them much. Everyone works very hard there.

Cons: Networking bias exists to some extent in the company
Advice: Review factually and plan careers for people
Pros: Opportunities are great, you can explore multiple areaS

Cons: Hours. Lack of process. Lack of professionals in the organization with enough experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced. Top Global CPG company in Beauty. Fantastic NPD.

Cons: Fast and constantly developing business increases your workload and pressure
Advice: None
Pros: Very good corporation in which you can learn a lot a progress rapidly.
