Cons: Not a con per se, but it is fast-paced (as with all FMCGs).
Also, in such a big company with more than 20 brands, there is still a tendency for some to operate in silo.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing, as long as the company keeps its vision and its heart for consumers and employees, the results will definitely show
Pros: As someone passionate in the role and the industry, I love that the work is challenging and fulfilling - you will learn new things, drive projects, develop your skills in the ever-changing landscape, and have a chance to make an impact. 

Beyond that, the company is genuine in its desire to constantly provide good environment and care for employees. 
I had heard negative things before joining the company, but after being here for some time, I think that is a thing of the past. 
The management has changed, the culture has evolved, there is a real effort to drive employee engagement, and the benefits such as flexibility to work-from-home sweeten the experience. 
I also greatly appreciate that the company is socially and environmentally conscious.

Cons: - Most reviews on Glassdoor have been forced to be written by the HR. I was asked to write one personally earlier too. 

- Half our campus didn’t apply because they were turned off by the attitude and sarcastic and mean nature of the HR 

- If you approach the HR for any issue while working there, the blame will be put on you and you’ll be reprimanded

- Interview was filled with sarcastic jibes and personal remarks 

- Small office 

- Very different work timings, work and ‘chill’ atmosphere from what HR claimed on campus
Advice: Be what you claim to be or don’t claim to be something else. Please don’t be so rude and sarcastic to students publicly for no reason. Your HR represents your company outside your office, please choose one who doesn’t ruin your company’s image. Our entire college has a very low opinion of your company simply because of how the HR behaved with the students. 

Your company is great. Your campus HR is not. And that ruins everything.
Pros: Well the people are pretty like minded. So if you are a certain type of person, you won’t get a more like minded bunch anywhere else. 

Very open minded people with few restrictions on clothing etc. it’s very freeing.

Cons: - Malaysia HR managers in long tenure are too political and can sometimes seem unethical in behaviour and remarks. 
- A lot of people agenda needs to be driven by business leaders on their own will poor support from HR. No clear intent on people agenda. Which results in turnover of people. 
- Work scope can overlap at times which creates unnecessary complications. 
- Long hours but it is individual choice due to flexible working style and not forced by company
Advice: - Look into stronger HR leaders as many other markets in region have advanced
- Continue driving transparency in managing situations. 
- Ensure right and proper roll out of new culture project
Pros: - Dynamic business - beauty is ever growing and fuelled by innovation and advancement of digital space - which the company is leveraging well on. 
- Open culture - matrix structure which means individuals don't need to push for visibility. 
- Stable industry and business. Constantly growing ahead of industry pace for the past few years. Lots of potential in Malaysia market. 
- Great Brands and vision - very clear ambition by group and local in terms of business. 
- Great career progression if performance and potential. Inspiring to see peers exported to other markets as well as exposure received. 
- Lots of room to drive and bring changes. Senior management on business side always open to new ideas.

Cons: Unsustainable work environment that won't survive the shifts in expectations coming from millennials. 

After almost 10 years at the company I feel like I have seen it all at L'Oréal. Even though I left the company grateful I also left it exhausted. I have experienced being harassed, bullied and awarded all in one day and that is not a unique situation, its expected.
Advice: Hire, promote and train leaders that can do more than manage their operational tasks at hand. Promote the ones who actually lead, develop talent sustainably and empower. You can only rely on the excuse of "the French work style" for so long. What is the real reason your turnover amongst newly hired is so high? 

Develop next generation leaders instead of just marketeers and you will be invincible.
Pros: The most fun I have ever had at a job. Expect to spend your day laughing in the best possible company. Great challenges to overcome and every day is different. 10 years, 3 countries and 5 positions later - this company taught me everything I know about sales, marketing and digital. Best thing? If you have an amazing idea you will always be allowed to develop it.

Cons: You are only as good as your last presentation. Your managers and HR are constantly judging you and putting you in categories- Fast track? Poor performer? Be prepared to play politics...hard. If you don’t want to play the game-get out. Bravo you’ve been promoted to a new division. Not really. Now you have to re-prove yourself all over again. I’ve heard it over and over again - everyone is replaceable. Nope you aren’t special.  Sorry. Transparency is not king. Everything is hush hush. Rumours are constantly flying.
Advice: For some reason you are able to recruit some pretty amazing people. Treat them that way. You are spending so much energy trying to recruit new talent, what about trying to retain your old talent? No one should be allowed to belittle their employees but I have seen managers do it time and time again. Unfortunately they are still there. Their employees aren’t. Hmmm??
Pros: The people that work here for the most part (barring HR and top management) are great! You have the opportunity to work on some pretty cool projects. Location of office is amazing and very central.

Cons: - highly demanding with long hours due to lack of process and meeting inefficiency.
- strong culture can be very hard to adopt when coming from other companies. micromanagement from top executives down to the smallest execution details.
- short term and internal decision making process can get in the way of long term gains.
- interpersonal leadership skills dont always determine who gets promoted.
Advice: - take specific, measurable actions behind existing programs to improve work/life balance so that teams see quick wins of it.
- reward managers with team leadership skills: broaden manager's evaluation criteria beyond business results, making teams take an active role in the evaluation of their managers with an impact on their current and future career moves.
Pros: - fast learning curve, very dynamic and changing environment that fosters challenging how things are done (faire et refaire pour mieux faire) with the means and resources to make ideas happen. 
- focus on results, not process.
- young, international teams who are passionate about the beauty industry and forging strong networking relationships with their coworkers. 
fast paced careers with international and very flexible paths.
- increasing focus on social/environmental/ethical impact at all levels of the company, strongly promoted by top management.

Cons: You cannot go half way. You have to be strongly involved and work enough to succeed. 
Do not wait for People to tell you what to do. You would be disappoint. Be daring and make proposals. Take risks. 
Be ready to get feedbacks positive & negative & learn from them. 
There is a constant quest for Excellence that means you have to be ready to always learn & train, to do projects, undo them, to redo them better.
Advice: Great New Behaviors Project started in 2016 for even more Team Collaboration, Trust & Empowerment. Keep going !
Pros: The Pleasure to work with Talented & Passionate Colleagues in Diverse Teams .
The Chance to Always Grow thanks to strong investments in trainings like the 5stars Digital Upskilling. 
The Opportunity to have an Impact, to be an intra-preneur and lead change from day one whatever your position or age. 
The Possibility to have a well balanced and fulfilling Family Life and to contribute to a better world through meaningful Projects ( Sustainability & Social ).

Cons: There's a lot of pressure and since it's a very changing, fast paced enviroment not everyone resist the pressure. People can be a little too stressed or too pressure mainly during the seasons.
Advice: Be closer to the people; challenge your teams but give them tools to grow and improve with the company. Listen to them and make people a priority because that's were the results come from.
Pros: It's a company with a great work enviroment, very young, fast paced and creative. All ideas are welcome and you feel truly appreciated and truly listened even when your ideas are not implemented they always listen to you. The Ethics departement is constantly checking everyone is treated farly and respectfully and they are very accesible. The products are great wich adds a lot of fun to the work, sometimes they give frees samples to the employees so you can try them. It a very fast paced company so you are challenged to constantly developing new skills and improving the way you do things.

Cons: - Bullying, cliques of people
- No work-life balance and extreme workload
- No humanity, you are a number and always replaceable 
- They only care about numbers, not about the employees
- Not ethical, even though they claim to be
- HR does not care about you, they listen to the higher ups. 
- You will work weekends all the time and it is never enough. 
- If you divide your salary with the amount of hours, you make less than minimum salary
- Prepare yourself for international VP visits during which you will not sleep for over a month
- Only for extraverts, A type personalities. 
- They want everyone to be the same, they do not focus on strengths.
Advice: The culture of this company needs to change. Treat your employees like humans, not slaves. Care about your people. I was bullied by my own boss for 2 years and HR did nothing so I left. Ended up in a burnout. Trust me, it's NOT worth it.
Pros: - Good on your CV
- Learn to be a slave, so all your future jobs with seem easy 
- Bonus and benefits are good

Cons: Improvement in integration in role
Credit should be given where credit is due ;)
Advice: Reward the managers who develop their teams and develop individuals (yes its about the numbers but its about people too)
Pros: L`Oreal is a place where you can learn a tremendous amount
You eat what you cook =  you work hard, you will get rewarded
The people are incredible, kind and intelligent and make coming into work a pleasure
The diversity of backgrounds create a inclusive atmosphere
The professional division is a great place to learn, strive and cooperate (my favorite division)

Cons: - Work-life balance is a serious issue (great for those who strive for career and put their ambition above everything);
- Company needs to train more their leadership (inexperience): sometimes the intern experience is decided on who your leader is.
- Sometimes the experience can be too intense (importance of tasks vs. workload)
Advice: The Management/Leadership needs to be trained to do a better job at managing their interns/team.
Pros: - Very challenging experience, I wouldn't find an internship with such a great amount of responsabilities and projects anywhere else (in Portugal);
- Engaged employees who "breathe" L'Oreal;
- A company where relationships matter: in a few months I knew the company from one end to the other (around 200 employees in the office);
- The business and sector is very dynamic: Human Resources is highly strategic, instead of administrative.

Cons: Top management level not trustworthy.
Strong culture - if you are not 'loreal-like', you can forget that they will try to embrace you, wherever your experience brings from prior to joining them.
Whether you are a talent or not, is not dependant on your capabilities but rather whether the management likes you.
Office has very high levels of attrition and workload is simply thrown to however is around.
Has 'high hire and fire' situation in singapore office, no work-life balance.
Staff morale is very low.
Advice: In the pursuit of short-term goals, you have lost many talents that has brought loreal to what it is today. 
Hope you can investigate and review what is really happening on the ground and turn the company around, before it becomes a place where beauty professionals shun away from joining.
Good Luck!
Pros: Singapore office has good staff benefits compared to other similar firms in the like industry. 
Internal mobility is fluid internationally - career opportunities are abundant.
Co-workers are nice and friendly, up to middle management levels.
Office is centrally located, near to subway. Amentities are nearby.

Cons: Super Long working hours and operational messes that you are continuously clearing. It can get very tiring
Advice: The focus is always on the marketing side. Need to focus on other functions and empower them to build a more balanced work place
Pros: It's an open culture with a flat hierarchy. The company is very agile you are allowed to trial New things and even if it fails the Managment supports you and gives you a feedback. There are no fixed processes hence you can bring about any kind of change. If you are an asset and a performer you are exposed to the TOP leadership. Also they tend to load everything to the person who does most the work that to me was an opportunity to learn so much

Cons: There can be a bit of an old school management style in certain pockets, but they're putting huge amounts of effort into changing this
Advice: In the context of change and improvement, don't lose the essence of what makes us L'Oréal!
Pros: If you want space to move, autonomy, freedom and big learning opportunities then L'Oréal is the place for you. You genuinely get out what you put in. It's fast-paced and high-energy and you're surrounded by highly intelligent and inspiring people to help you make it happen. Every year at L'Oréal feels like five years of learning that you'd get elsewhere. The learning & development is world class too, with an array of apps, MOOCs and more to keep you at the cutting edge.

Cons: the benefits take many time to be with you since their hire you. 
The day I stared working with them was august 3th and today still waiting for the gas for my car and the vales for supermarket. Also for the parking lot, my refunds and some other things that I have to use to complete my work in the way they told me that will occur it is not happening.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of information, friendly website with useful tools and programs. 
They try to help you personal and professional career with courses and programs but they don't teach you how to use them or how to access to them and it is not always easy.
It's a multicultural company so you can see diferent people and work with diferent cultures.

Cons: - Organic culture. Lack of process makes for a lot of rework and mixed responsabilities.
- HR with weak presence and power. Carreer is too dependant on bosses.
- Work involves strategic thinking and a lot of operational. Lack of processes makes operational load too heavy.
- Empowerement is so strong it is always your fault when something goes wrong.
Advice: - Create clearer business objectives to drive performance and ownership.
- HR should evolve to a less "corporate" style into a people development department.
- Flexibility is good, complete lack of process/system is not.
Pros: - Strong innovation spirit
- Creative culture full of rich exchanges
- Build your own carreer: result driven corporation. People that make the difference will be able to grow. From interns to directors.
- Drive for excellence.

Cons: - lack of processes / very disorganized
- "too many cooks": big ordeal to get anything approved and slow time to market because of constant inputs from various heads with different opinions
- poor communication (employess are often the last to know about big changes happening and are left wondering, since there's no clear strategy/input that's passed on to them)
Advice: - less expats, more locals: most of the time we are left with top management that knows they'll only stay for 3-4 years, so they have no interest in building a solid foundation. They build short-term plans, for short-term results...and not always the best decisions for long-term growth
Pros: - ownership of projects
- ease of implementation of new ideas/processes
- diverse & creative environment
- great people

Cons: Concentrated in Hair and Makeup categories. High competition among its own brands with lower margins
Advice: Improve by differentiating and separating innovation paths between brands (L'Oreal / Garnier / Maybelline). Minimize internal competition and avoid hurting financial margins. Define real blockbusters... Bigger, Fewer, Faster, Better (all new product seems to have same priority). Execution at the POS has lot of room for improvement. Increase beauty authority and presence at other personal care categories... e.g. Skin Care (Face & Body Lotions), Deodorants, Shower products, Femenine protection. Employees rotation between countries and brands is too high and fast... These creates no expertise.
Pros: Brand, Beauty authority, Innovation, Advertising

Cons: Change of management thus many changes and affected the morale of employees
Lack of strong middle management leadership
Expected employees to take on a lot of responsibilities which can be a stretch
Advice: Appreciate employees more especially those back-end or contract employees, not just those profit generating divisions
Pros: I have been working in L'Oreal Singapore for 5 years.
Working environment is fun and people are great to work with!
Definitely not a gossipy environment as some claimed.
Career Development is there if you ask for it
Will listen to employees' opinions and improved welfare to enhance work-life balance

Cons: Since there are some many interlocutors and speakers, it sometimes becomes hard to be quick and flexible to launch campaigns to the market. Also, it's a highly competitive environment with lots of business-related pressure, and it becomes quite hard to keep a work/life balance.
Advice: Need to simplify work processes: less meetings, more concese feedback, more analysis of results
Pros: Your managers trust you from the very first moment you start working at the company. You are entitled and responsible for your position and can easily get visibility to top management levels. It's easy to learn from cross-functional teams and, if you perform correctly, you are given the chance to grow in the company.

Cons: - Very little room to progress
- High employee turnover
- Unforgiving French culture
- People were scared to be seen leaving before 6pm
- Interns regularly in tears
- Horrific work/life balance unless you work in demand planning/supply chain
- Bottleneck hierarchy
- Extremely disorganised
- If you don't speak French, don't bother!
Advice: Treat people how you would like to be treated.  There were only a handful of people who I admired for their management style, as the rest either embodied micro-management to the extreme, or none whatsoever
Pros: - Free products
- Huge amount of responsibility
- Most of the workforce are really young
- Canteen was generally good
- Post room staff are the best, so be nice to them!

Cons: The team sizes are small which leads to a bit of more workload per person but at the same time, it gives you opportunities to learn a lot of different things.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is really employee friendly. Working here has helped bring out my creative side in make-up. Management takes care of you in all possible ways. The project I am pursuing in the internship is a real time problem faced by L'Oréal. My inputs are evaluated and sometimes they are implemented. This shows how much importance they give to summer internship program. By working on this, I can implement various concepts which I studied in MBA in real time.

Cons: Manager expects my time and comittment after office hours. Demands the use of Whatsapp on top of emails. Not sensitive and very disruptive to my family and personal life.
Advice: I'm leaving soon, for only one reason - my direct manager.
Pros: Prestigious brand, many free products. Good atmosphere, wonderful colleagues. Company hires good people.

Cons: The grad scheme can seem a little aimless when compared to the internship. This is due to the grad scheme being project based and the internship being operational. So the quality of the scheme depends on the quality of the project given. As is life.
Advice: Perhaps allow graduates to be operational for a while before taking on projects as it can be difficult to take on a project when you do not yet understand the operation.
Pros: There is a great work life balance. The employee demographic is young and energetic. The office is in a great location. The pay is good. Everyone is very friendly.

Cons: Poor HR mamagement, GM sucks, Management team in one of a Luxe brand is gullible, take side, no ethic, no matter you are a potential person but if they don't like you, you will never be appreciated. Gossiping, making rumors, don't act luxury as the brand represents.
Advice: Treat employees fairly. Be a leadership not a boss. Be professional. Protect employees. Learn more ethic.  Somebody in retail management level is unqualified and doesn't know how to manage a team, act like uneducated one.
Pros: Benefit, bonus fixed, profit sharing, public holidays,  fund, location, compensation & benefit could be better but that is alright.

Cons: Very disorganized and immature people. The entire culture of the company is based on backstabbing others, and all the departments being pitted against each other. 

Expect to work long hours to get the job done because budgets keep getting cut and departments are understaffed, and also because management is constantly changing their mind about everything.
Advice: Get organized! You should be supporting your employees rather than throwing them under the bus to make yourselves look good.
Pros: Nice offices, summer hours, decent pay, great benefits, and discount on products. The cafeteria has decent food too, and there is a daycare on site.

Cons: Pay is not competitive
Depends on luck - sometimes u get bosses that doesnt explain why we do things but just want things to be done.
Advice: Allow more feedback and speak to all tiers of staff not just middle management. 
Change the way of working. 
There are too many level of hierarchies and different interpretations via the managers and the ones executing doesn't relate if they don't meet the right managers
Pros: Face pace 
Given the Flexibility
Able to feedback and voice out
Opportunities not just given to seniors
A lot of fun
A lot of personal development and learning

Cons: Not a place for staying in comfort zone or people without entrepreneur spirit
Needs more structure and be more focused on "fewer &better"
There are lots of work-life balance for many people, yet some  lacks it
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of space to take initiatives, gives you freedom to implement your own ideas, Great place if you have potential to grow and you'll have opportunities to stretch yourself - regardless of your age
Dynamic, fast, smart in sensing and acting with entrepreneurship
Focuses so much on sense of purpose and the business itself is about "beauty"
Nice people

Cons: To corporate / hierarchical and to structured. Entrepreneurship is not stimulated enough. Most people are really young within L'Oreal. Company needs more diversity: more older people / more man / more people from a different education background.
Advice: Need more diversity in teams. L'Oreal recruits way to many interns to many  or people from student associations. Recommendation is to look more outside the company.
Pros: L'Oreal invest a lot in people. Especially in education. Also the option to develop yourself in the company or to switch a job internally is definitely an advantage.
Working hours are perfect within L'Oreal.

Cons: A lot of old school marketing people. New ideas in marketing are rare and success of the company is insecure, as not whole management is developing. Too much depending on France and brand thinking.
Advice: Accept change and not live it as phrases. Understand what brand building will be in the future and push for new ideas.
Pros: Entreuprenial thinking, responsibility and Great Marketing. You have the chance to decide and execute own ideas pretty quickly, even if you are new. If you can convince management and they buy in. Great brands and good growth!

Cons: You need to work hard in order to proceed and move further in the organization and understand that a job at L'Oréal might not be always a 9-5 job. But the efforts you invest are worth it in the end!
Advice: None
Pros: I would recommend L'Oréal to any of my friends who are not afraid of challenges and want to work with incredible passionate people! L'Oréal is a great school to learn from the best in the industry while developing yourself further each and every day. There is an individual training plan created for you each year!

Cons: Perks did not outweigh the cons: lack of ability to progress into different areas, no encouragement or support from senior members of staff. They seem to only retain employees who are either cut-throat or want to stay in the same position. No reward or attention to those who are improving product sales, work hard and/or show great passion for the brand/company. Office politics makes for a tricky working environment.
Advice: I'm afraid there isn't much point....
Pros: Gained a lot of insider beauty industry experience.

Cons: Forever feel as if we are preparing for an international visitor! Australia is not a valued market.
Advice: None
Pros: A business that is forever evolving, no 2 days are the same so if you are resilient, passionate and ready to work hard then L'Oreal is a great place. Success is part of the culture, but more so in recent years the how we win is just as important. L'Oreal places allot of value on it's people and you as an employee feel as if you can make a difference.

Cons: When you go to training they say its a ethical company but when you work in the sales. They want numbers anyhow. If you are working according to systems you wont be promoted but if know bootlicking and can do sales by even wrong means.you will b promoted.
Advice: U r carrying a huge brand name atleast take care of that. Sales doesnt mean you can do it unethically. U r loosing talent and market share because of this only.
Pros: Only pro is that you will have good salary and remineration.

Cons: - Human Resources (not human at all)
- no recognition for the work that is done
- very aggressive culture.. people will do whatever they have to do to get ahead
Advice: Recognize your employees who work and challenge the status quo.. not just the ones who attend the cocktail hour and know who to befriend. This is not a popularity contest. This is a business.
Pros: - benefits
- discount 
- beautiful office and location
- looks good on a CV
- a lot of opportunity to grow

Cons: They do not care about your development, never send you for seminar to develop your skill because they are too frightened by loosing you.
Advice: If they would invest in their employees the employees will be thankful and stay in. because they will see the management care so why should they leave?
Pros: Quick environment is perfect for start of your career. You can learn a lot of, you can do a mess up something and no one will punish you because it is international stable company.

Cons: Some old people still reluctant to change. Management style is a bit chaotic, lacking simples processes and project management behavior
Advice: Keep focusing on making L'Oreal a simple organization. Make it more diverse and less French centric, investing more attention in talents from elsewhere that not Paris
Pros: Great infrastructure, lots of brilliant brands and very focused mindset in beauty. It is a company that understands it has to change to adjust to the new times and is doing what is needed for that.

Cons: The only one I find is typical for this kind of structures full of "ancient" employees. As the company is huge, the culture very deep, it is a long way to feel well integrated, a lot of infos, behaviors to handle.
Advice: None
Pros: L'OREAL has developped a strong culture, brand and performance. You feel it as soon as you get in. Furthermore, all the company is international oriented. A lot of projects and challenges ; you have the ressources needed to success.

Cons: Management can barely say good morning to you if you aren't at their level, HR doesn't care about your development, lack of training, in many positions there is very little work-life balance
Advice: Say hello to everyone including the janitor. Realize all the people going on burnout is because you are giving them way too much. Look like you CARE about your people.
Pros: Great benefits, early Fridays, work from home twice a month, mat leave top-up, discounts on products, working in the downtown core

Cons: Lack of career opportunities (small subsidiary), work-life balance doesn't happen for some people, depending on position. Compensation is average, could be better. The annual raise for young people is low (2-3%) and the work can be overwhelming at times, so many young talents leave after 1-2 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Young, intelligent, passionate people who motivate you every day to bring your best. We all love our products and there are a lot of opportunities to get creative.

Cons: Sometimes I wish I can 'pause' .. this is truly a fast moving company :).. needs to be on the toe all times
Advice: Right move to invest on people, must continue to invest on infra, system and of course more great rewards... this will bring us to greater heights
Pros: #1 Beauty Company - who can beat that??!!!... Enjoy the dynamic nature, love, love, love the brands and great passionate people

Cons: - Hours can be long but that would be expected when you work in that kind of multinational firm
- Quite a lot of internal competition as well which could be a stressing environment for some people
Advice: Run more programs to gauge the level of fulfilment of individuals. Do not hesitate to challenge the status-quo. But everything was great overall.
Pros: - Strong team spirit, working with bright people
- People are passionate about their job
- Large-scale projects with world-leader cosmetic brands

Cons: Over-rated as a global multi, I've worked for other multi-nationals and L'Oteal attracts and retains a poor talent pool because of the way they treat employees. If you have low self esteem or are a desperate grad, join them. The previous comments of bullying within from management is completely true. The comments re: a "high performance" culture reflects the fact senior people justify their incompetence by pushing those who work in field, on counter, as customer facing or in subservient positions.
Advice: Overpaid ex-pats are a waste/mistake as are overpaid politicians. Australia has a place in the global market so stop treating it with disrespect.
Pros: I will be honest, not kind. Nothing.

Cons: Dependent on role, you can work very long hours and  it's expected   This can play with work life balance. Your choice.
Advice: Treat your people how you want to be treated and protect them
Pros: The people you work with have a common goal and the overall support package is fantastic. And the products are fantastic.  Staff shop!!

Cons: 1. Some people are difficult to work with, including both statutory and non-statutory employees, and managers
2. High stress levels due to huge workloads
3. Lacks training and resource materials for employees
4. Lacks process and system documentation
5. High turnover or attrition rate
6. No retirement plan
7. Work culture not fit for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Competitive compensation and benefits
2. Care for its employee welfare (e.g. free lunch everyday, teambuildings in elegant venues, early work dismissal once a month)
3. Travel opporunities

Cons: No autonomy over my own P&L - every single decision has to be signed off by senior management
VERY internally focused at the expense of time for the customer
Overfocused on short term turnover at the expense of long term planning/decisions
Hard to progress above a certain level
Progression slower than it used to be & slower than a recruiter will promise!
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic
Fast-Paced
Excellent Products that I'm proud to sell
Competitive Pay
Market-leading flexible working policy
Good Social Scene

Cons: Bad reputation among recruiters - they refer to L'Oréal candidates as lacking the strategic vision. Immature culture , management is driven by fear, no empowered employees, long working hours (even weekends), decisions are pushed from management and not from brands.
Advice: HR is very weak, they don't know how to solve this issue and directors are living in a parallel world.
Pros: You learn how to manage your own company since you end up doing the job of everyone from marketing, trade, supply chain, forecasting, finance. You get a strong company name for your next job.

Cons: - Efficiency of platforms used at work to be improved soon 
- Long days
Advice: Encourage cross-divisional mentorship within the company. A lot of incredibly talented, skilled and intelligent people in this company that have a lot to offer.
Pros: - Entrepreneurial spirit is strong
- An innovation hub for digital and consumer experience
- Trusted with responsibilities early own + ownership of projects
- Amazing team and dynamic colleagues 
- Marketing at its core

Cons: No career plan, little career development, innapropiate/unprofessional comments from management, no guidance and overall attitude of "that's the way L'Oréal has always done things, you can't change it"
Advice: Look out for ALL employees, HR has a terrible reputation in my country. Invest in talent with courses and take a look at your leadership positions. I have never been in such an unprofessional environment.
Pros: Huge company, good salary and personal benefits

Cons: No worklife balance and you won't have time and mood to enjoy any of the company event. 

Workload is massive and people don't care and recognise your effort being put inside your work. Very depressing!
Advice: Worklife balance is a big topic for this company to improve!!
Pros: As an employee, you will receive a lot of freegoods and products. Company will organise a lot of interesting events for their employees.

Cons: sometimes a bit chaotic, still a lot of changes in the last minute, needs to improve best practice sharing, very concentrated on top subsidiaries, difficult for smaller countries
Advice: try to become even more international
Pros: very successful and sustainable, entrepreneurial spirit, never boaring, wide portfolio of brands, good  CSR programs, leaves room for individual development

Cons: - Horrifying management: one's leadership is hardly taken into account during promotion, thus creating many junior employees with 0 leadership and manipulative personalities ending up in the management. Language abusive & workplace bullying are sadly too common.
- Politics: sometimes promotion depends solely on what relation you have with the big guy.
- Gossip: everyone speaks ill of everyone behind everyone's back. Way to encourage trust and teamwork!
- Inexistent work-life balance: 60 to 80 working hours per week.
Advice: Provide psychological counselling to the constant cases of mental breakdown.
Pros: - Career opportunities
- Interesting projects
- Decent salary for marketing position
- Big name to put on cv

Cons: The group is very result oriented and sometimes the human spirit is left aside. Needs to align to the millennials needs to keep up as good employer.
Advice: Network is important but so is management skills and performing.
Pros: Strong flexibility and entrepreneurial spirit with well built career path. Digital step up in day to day work to keep up with trends.

Cons: Salary base is a little low for the cost of living in Paris. Long working hours as a everyday rule is a very bad thing, this shouldn't be allowed as a routine.
Advice: Control working hours or pay for extra hours required.
Pros: Good Location, building facilities, infrastructure, friendly environment, people oriented management, benefits, discount in products, international opportunities, and great chances to find your own career path.

Cons: Heavy work load, junior management ( very fast promotion, and not well deserved most of the time), chaotic (maybe you heard it already, but this is really insane)
Advice: Be more human oriented (not just act like being)
Pros: Beauty World, Fancy, Fun, Tons of different brands (means different experiences), Global (means creating opportunities to experience other cultures)

Cons: The workload is a lot and it is tough to have a good work life balance, mainly when you are in operational functions
Advice: .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
Pros: - People
- Innovation
- Entrepreneurship
- The Compensation & Benefits plan is awesome
- A nice company to learn and to grow

Cons: Not all leaders understand the new culture and ways of working and not even willing to embrace change. Confrontation is not used properly
Advice: Change and evolve...
Pros: You get to create your job description. You will be challenged but if well prepared you will succeed. CEO can be arrogant and tough at times. 
A new culture is being adopted "Simplicity", a great opportunity for change.

Cons: Mostly support "type A" personalities. Very difficult for introverts.
Very bad IT Management Systems.
Finance is not seen as an essential player at L'Oreal.
Advice: More training. Better Management Systems. More accountability. And more unbiased performance evaluations.
Pros: Learn a lot. Very good for 2-3 years. Leave after! Will not be compensated for your work/effort.
Exposure to Senior Management very early.

Cons: There are areas such as logistics or customer service that have processes that delay commercial activity and affect the image towards the intermediate customer.
Advice: None
Pros: LOREAL is an amazing company to work, provide to employees opportunities to upgrade in differents areas, personally and professionally. It's give to you status, social benefits, fair salary, access to their products and it allows that you contribute to successful company.

Cons: Super fast paced
Many changes from global and zone visits disrupt day to day operations
Too much gossips
Advice: Clear mission and direction 
Empower more 
More empathy
Pros: Great company, brands, initiatives 
Good effort from supporting functions like Finance and HR to modernize the process and keep employees engaged
Fun vibrant people to work with
Never a boring day

Cons: Induction better suited to office employees rather than field staff
No salary review
Can sometimes be quite lonely working so independently
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing! Just don't forget about us staff out in the field
Pros: Encourage you to do your job how you see best
Realistic targets
Appreciation when you've worked hard
Great team atmosphere
Staff shop
Continual development training

Cons: decision making is very very centralized. except for the senior leaders the rest of the levels only recommends. no work life balance
Advice: Empower your reports to take more decisions ; more initiatives to improve work life balance
Pros: operates within beauty industry; fast paced and high calibre employees. centrally located and alot of free products (for those who care about freebies).

Cons: stigma related to being an intern within the company
my team wasn't the most welcoming
such a large company = harder to get noticed for your hard work
no one has any time to help when you are new
Advice: None
Pros: large intern community
lots of HR support
get given a lot of responsibility
lots of freebies & great staff discount
living in london is great

Cons: You need to have tons of energy, you must be strong, you must to keep stress, you must believe in you team and what you are doing
Advice: Don't stress your team and believe in their capacity
Pros: Every time you learn, every time you do something new, every time you're on stress, every time you're always in a harry.

Cons: Long working hours, heavy work load, many systems to deal with. Rapid change in marketing or sales planning lead to back and forth update on your work.
Advice: None
Pros: Good staff benefit including free products, staff discount, body check, and good office environment located in city center above shopping mall.

Cons: no system and clear path for processes, chaotic, very fluid to be flexible everytime for everything, dominant french culture, hard to adapt
Advice: create main systems and create a sincere comminication with employees
Pros: people oriented rather than system, easy to see personal added value, full of opportunities, global, leader in beauty, marketing oriented, brand marketing experience, global strategy

Cons: Working for L'Oreal was by far my worst work experience ever. Everyone from marketing to finance is unorganized and makes your work life miserable. Deadlines never met, they over promise and under deliver and communication is non existent. My boss refused to give me and the other employees who quit an exit interview because she knew we would out her to HR
Advice: Promote from within. Stop promising people things that will never happen. Pay people a decent living wage. Respond to your emails.
Pros: Free company card and corporate credit card for work expenses

Cons: The culture is too emotional and disrespectful. Not a great place for female top managers as the management committee are heavily dominated by men. The communication style in HQ is very rude
Advice: None
Pros: Best for Beauty. If you love this industry no one will teach you better how to succeed in it than L'oreal

Cons: Dissorganization and lack of processes leads to overwork and overtime. Most knowledge is company specific so L'Oreal professionals do not do well in other companies. Internal politics take up a lot of the time better spent on business.
Advice: None
Pros: Market leader, best in class for marketing and research,  with plenty of internacional opportunities for a career professional. Prestigious brands and well qualified colleagues.

Cons: at times you may be treated not well, serious pressure leads to confrontation. long hours and high expectations. good for a few years but hard to sustain.
Advice: None
Pros: working with some of the best minds in the industry. V strong training ground, opportunity for quick progression if you fit the culture. incredibly dynamic and strong energy every day.

Cons: Bad management. It's strictly an exchange of your time for a salary. Not a human company. Everything is superficial, more worried by how things look than by how they are really going.
Advice: Stop thinking that people are costs. Start invest in them. They will give you a lot more for your money.
Pros: Great flexibility. Never boring. Salary ok.

Cons: Extremely toxic, gossip-centric, blame-game culture. Company is set up to have minimal systems in order for people and units to "move faster", but this just enables a lot of problems to fall through the cracks, ergo human error, ergo finger pointing
Advice: None
Pros: People are highly creative, brands are interesting, market is dynamic, and spirit of entrepreneurship is fun

Cons: the internal job opportunities are not visible
a lot of people involve for a smiple decision
Advice: Create an internal system where people can see jobs open and apply
Pros: if you have an idea you can share it and people are open to listen
Employees are smart and passionate about products
The company is trying to increase diversity
 Company's Values

Cons: KPi driven.  People work on own objective,  and this is known by management by implement some collaborative program,  but still conception stage
Advice: None
Pros: High value on sustainability. Walk the talk company related to Environmental, and value the safety of their people,  especially on the safety of their employee

Cons: Long hours - extra busy open space which sometimes can be an issue given that concentration is required . Working from home is welcome
Advice: None
Pros: People- benefits - creativeness - flexibility - each day is different from another - it is a modern environment which moves fast and challenges the brain

Cons: Management need to listen more to middle management. 
Too much micro management 
Not enough trust from global to local
Too much pressure 
Nor enough focus on healthy work conditions
Advice: Trust more
Pros: Very entrepreneurial culture
Passionate about beauty and beautiful 
Open talk policy
Compensation is ok for talents 
Very high quality products
Smart people 
Ethical

Cons: Not the place for people who want to be a follower, cruise or go under the radar
AUSTRALIA is taken for granted and misunderstood by European colleagues / leaders
Advice: Move ANZ out of APAC zone
Pros: Innovative, challenging, energetic, creative, dynamic, ambitious
Training, staff benefits, culture, people
Current leadership is stretching us and making the unexpected possible

Cons: To much work...? Teams to small for so much work to do. Organization to be more efficient is not in our mind.
Advice: Put more focus on important things
Pros: Loreal gives you the opportunity to be as much entrepeneur as you imagine you could be in a multinacional as this one. And the huge opportunities to grow.

Cons: By virtue of being in an industry which changes at very fast pace, sometimes adapting to the ever-changing environment might be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: Entrepreneurial culture which gives full freedom to run and execute your ideas. 
The desire to be excellent in every sphere is entrenched in the company ethos.

Cons: On the theoretical side of tasks. No influence on operations.

Hard to integrate it internally with sales and marketing teams.
Advice: Rotate sales/marketing people onto this job.
Pros: Get to have an overview on the overall market, company strategies, tools and action plans.
Improve analytical skills and oblige oneself to be fully updated on Market/Categories trends.

Cons: The company is quite behind in technology although a lot of initiatives are in the pipeline for enhancements. 
Sometimes, people are skeptical in changes which may prolong some activities.
Advice: None
Pros: Open for change especially for management. You get to do work across multi functions, not in silo. Their team building activities are super good.

Cons: Individualistic, seems like everyone is just interested in their next step of their careers.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic and competitive environment. Very quickly a lot of responsabilities are given to you. No matter where you are in the organization, it really helps to have a genuine passion for the beauty industry

Cons: Pressure to obtain results and good ROI which is normal but you have to support stress
Full package very interesting but the only fixed salary can be lower than in other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Invest a lot on research and innovation
Great portfolio: several divisions and brands
Career opportunities 
Motivating Yearly package
Worldwide presence

Cons: Very political company (networking required everyday and you never know the whole story)

No life work balance

Environment with a lot os pressure from managers
Advice: Make managers learn how to manage the new generation
Pros: The company extra benefits (hairsalons and nails, products, partys)

The name of the company in the curriculum

The experience and know how you get

Cons: Old and false rumors circulating around impacts the company reputation.
Advice: Keep up the good effort of bringing the team/employees together.
Pros: Interesting career opportunities within the company. Good synergy within the team with lots of support from management. A good place to grow and learn.

Cons: Complete disregard for the front line workers. Zero incentive to really reach or exceed targets. There commission and incentives are regarded in the industry as the worst  and non- existent and I know first hand and it's  so so disappointing and disheartening.
Advice: Wake up to yourselves and reward the hard working  high performers who put in the effort and don't just want to take a weekly or hourly pay.
Pros: Some strong brands in the stable

Cons: Lower remuneration, low work life balance. Lots of travel, overtime and additional responsibility expected. Competitive atmosphere between divisions. Low to no induction process
Advice: None
Pros: Strong cohesive management, progression based on merit, consistently challenging. Good gratis allocation, generous leave and benefits. On the job training and development

Cons: Work life balance; many decisions taken from the HQ
Sometimes managers appointed lack management accumen
Training opportunities to be more developped
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits; ability to get early responsibilities.
Great career opportunities
Management available and ready to help
International and fast track careers
Entrepreneurship, innovation and marketing driven
Great digital catch up in the recent years

Powerful brands and balanced portefolio

Cons: Too much focus on networking
Advice: focus on building more collaborative and performance driven culture
Pros: A wide canvas of opportunities to explore and a dynamic people driven culture keeps me motivated. A place where you an be what you want to be and experiment.

Cons: Some local IT Managers narrow minded.
Headquarters a Little bit away from the center of the city and not very well comunicated. Only bus from "Avenida de América" is available. Underground 20 minutes walking away.
Advice: None
Pros: Great general ambiance in a global cosmetic leader.
Some company extra benefits.
People engaged. High average of end-users quality.

Cons: Lack of career development for well prepared sales rep. Unlike other companies where top performers are well paid and raised to higher positions in a reasonable way
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and sales method, strong company culture and innovation keeps loreal ahead its competitors. Every day is challenging since market is constantly changing...

Cons: You have to be used to work in large organisations. Also, the culture is very french-style as well as its management style.
Advice: Improve RH follow-up especially in decentralized organisations such as L'Oreal's.
Pros: Worldwide opportunities, International scope, famous name, young and highly motivated teams. L'oreal is very clearly a great place to work.

Cons: Sometimes politics within hierarchy gets in the way of what otherwise could be a smoother process of carrying out your work
Advice: None
Pros: High responsibility, you're thrown in the pool from the very beginning, but you learn a lot every day

Cons: Not focused on efficiency.. A lot of committees and levels of approval, decision making process is very time consuming. Not a established international relocation program
Advice: None
Pros: Very progressive company, open and flexible environment in terms of HR. They are trying hard to get the company ready for the next generation of workforce.

Cons: Sometimes you might have to work longer hours (but you will be compensated)
Travel was something that is non negotiable ( I enjoyed it though)
Advice: None
Pros: Good management team
HR policies are amazing
I got to work with amazing people, they appreciate your work and give you credit for it.

Cons: Intense workload.
Some times management forget the word, customization, when it comes to employees.
Advice: Don't forget customization is as much important to employees as it is to consummers.
Pros: You have the space to make the diference, but you have to be courageous!
It's a company that look after profit, people and planet.

Cons: It can be chaotic. Some departments or teams can be less process driven than expected. Lots of improvement and opportunity to improve positions
Advice: None
Pros: Some of the pros include the People, opportunities, openness, responsibility, strong financial performance. It's great to work in such an international organisation

Cons: Look into people management
Stressful and demanding environment
Not much cons as most of the pros gave a balance to it.
Advice: People management
Pros: Great benefits, great brands, great products, great office, great location, great food surrounding office area, anything relates to company is great! (Excluding m.......)

Cons: Not very easy to settle down as a new comer due to cultural uniqueness which is rooted in makeup
Advice: Make it more friendly and welcoming for new comers.
Empower people to take decisions and work across boundaries.
Pros: Best place to understand beauty and cutting edge products

Cons: Perhaps more integration would be desirable.
Advice: None
Pros: An exciting, fast-paced, forward-thinking and innovation-centric company to work with that makes some of the most life-altering technologically-driven products. It is a pleasure to have known and worked within its culture of innovation.

Cons: the hours are very long
Advice: please practice and preach simplicity
Pros: Freedom to create and innovate
Not having the fear to speak your mind and challenge ideas and ways of doing things
great teams, helpful colleagues, plenty of opportunities to network with people

Cons: Getting young. Need to also recognition for long term service as specialist. Confrontation culture. Job security.
Advice: Great experience at number one beauty company.
Pros: From luxury to mass, can learn a lot. Can have autonomy. High reputation. Getting great work place. Try to improve work and life balance.

Cons: Long working hours, difficult job / private life balance, low level of wages.
Advice: Improve the work life balance of the employees to encourage long term employment.
Pros: Steep learning curve, strong enterprise culture, continuous learning, high level of expectancies, promote excellence, development of a wide skills range.

Cons: People work mostly individual, long working time, the hierarchy is too big so there is not such a friendly background as I was used to from other international companies
Advice: None
Pros: I learned a lot in a short time, many options to move on in your career

Cons: Very stressful
People will not always help you
Advice: Get involve in the micro things to help the process get more efficient
Pros: Very diverse
Hands on job
You are accountable for your brand (you make the decisions)

Cons: - office policy can be time & energy consuming
Advice: None
Pros: - flexible environment where assigns big responsibility to young managers 
- big budget to realize marketing ideas (depending on brands ) 
- complete training system
- interesting carrier path that allows to change functions and locations

Cons: 1. competition with other brands in airport retail 
2. sometimes custoners are difficult to communicate with as they are from different countries
Advice: I am fine with it
Pros: team spirits, good pay, the working environment is nice so as the coworkers from different countries.

Cons: long hours, no pay for extra hours, little balance between private life and job, do not recommend if you need to support someone
Advice: hire as permanent position
Pros: very nice experience, lots of fun, teach kids about the the EU, talk with parents or guardians, all day long

Cons: many changes because of the every changing fashion trends 
cannot survive if you are only a normal hardworking person
Advice: None
Pros: the organization is very open and flexible. get get fast promotion if value by the company. respect young people

Cons: 6 months in the system, don't like the culture
completely french driven organization no say of the country team, no team work no planning & high politics
Advice: Given more ownership to its managers & impart team management
Pros: FMCG tag for your career

Cons: It was a little difficult to setup a few stuff we'd gotten ... Could be friendlier to stuff like this :)
Advice: None
Pros: It was a great experience. The competition was pleasantly challenging, and that's what led us to learn a lot!

Cons: Complex systems, sometimes the employee may feel lost and out of place.
Advice: Listen carefully, there is a deep rooted problem in every complaint
Pros: Its a global organization with globalisation at its core. Highly flexible venture and you get to build your own opportunities.

Cons: 12 hours a day work. Lots of work
Advice: Keep more trainees in the company to motivate them
Pros: Amazing day to day;
No routine, working from first day on creative tasks like TV and mass media campaigns to analytical reports to higher managers

Cons: super political, lack of proximity, not a feedback culture, lack of courage on decision making.
Advice: 360° evaluation, internal mobility programs, more meritocracy is needed to retain and engage employees.
Pros: smart people, enthusiastic, people want to really promote changes.

Cons: HR could consider prospective applicants thoroughly before sending out rejection emails
Advice: Try giving former L'Oréal agency workers a  chance for an interview when applying directly to L'Oréal.
Pros: Great beauty perks, good training and investment in employees. Strong work ethics and rules.

Cons: Lack of balance related to  job hierarchy and recompensation.
Advice: Work more with true results and less with selling  numbers.
Pros: Entrepreneur company where you can literally start projects by your own and get sponsors in a week.

Cons: communication  can be difficult. Too many interns .
Advice: make sure you make a positive impact and you are looked after
Pros: Great head office perks, lots of support and discount on all loreal brands.

Cons: Bad new employee onboarding
Too much hierachichal culture. Strong culture which alienate some potential employees who are new from different cultures.
Very competitive and very bad work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Massive opportunity to grow within the compnay and relocation.
Great learning resource and knowlesge sharing

Cons: Management style is not equal between everyone, some are good and some just bad people. They try really hard to be a "loved company", but their fighting their own demons
Advice: None
Pros: The brands and their positioning are amazing. Good benefits

Cons: Sometimes is difficult find the balance between personal life and duties.
Advice: None
Pros: Good job environment, special they always think in different activities for the employee. This company is a very good professional experience and all time the knowledge is growing up.

Cons: people have no feelings at all. you feel like working with robots.
Advice: None
Pros: you don't feel the hierarchy at all. the balance between business and personal life is ideal. yet, it can get really busy from time to time.

Cons: limited opportunity to move advance, a lot of priorities make you loss the priority.
barely work/life balance, but I think this is a bit common anywhere,
Advice: be more transparent
Pros: dynamic team, a lot to learn if you pay attention.

Cons: Many systems, heavy workload, some teams aren't cooperative
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, benefits are great and you get free luxury make up products for free. Wonderful people and company really hires the best people out there

Cons: Bureocracy and politics, selling your job is more important than getting it done
Advice: None
Pros: Learning, big budgets, opportunities to decide and impact on final decisions

Cons: Unbalanced work/private life , split of responsibilities in teams is unappropriate
Advice: Try to keep talent inhouse by providing good training and permanent job opportunities
Pros: Great environment of young employees, continuous learning process.

Cons: Salaries not competitive enough for the market
Long working hours 
Competitive spirit and strong personality is a must to succeed
Advice: None
Pros: Good employee Empowerment
Great career path and mobility all over the world
Young company and nice environment
Great school to learn

Cons: Even-though you get rewarded by the good effort if you are not at the senior level managers are not being so fair.
Advice: Objective observation is a must
Pros: You are getting rewarded as a result of your good effort.

Cons: Unrealistic pressure ; unpredictable management practices
Advice: More authenticity (yes, even in a head office environment!! ); empower more frequently - you might be surprised by the positive results!
Pros: International career opportunities as a manager.

Cons: Over hours are not payed and can often add up.
Advice: None
Pros: Very positive work environment. Everyone wants you to succeed, and helps each other out. The employees are mostly young, enthusiastic about their work and very driven.

Cons: Long working hour, and many fire fighting on daily operational tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Visionary leaders and clear visibility on objective and deliverable.

Cons: basically no personal life
hierachy mindset in some department, difficult to push things at lower level
Advice: hire more people to reduce individual workload
Pros: Much opportunity to learn
possibility to take on independant projects

Cons: Turnover of employees is quite high.
Advice: The culture is very much a "last minute" culture. That should be better organized from the top to the rest of the company.
Pros: Very creative and exciting environment.

Cons: salaries are average, benefits are standard, few job share opportunities
Advice: value experience as much as potential
Pros: Fast paced, creative, entrepreneurial, huge responsibility, career advancement

Cons: Sometimes a lot of work but average ok
Cant even find other cons
Advice: Great management. Cares for their employees. Great environment
Pros: Great people to work with
Great benefits
Profit sharing
Passionate environment

Cons: Long working hours
May get shifted to a role you did not choose
Advice: None
Pros: Free products
Staff discounts
Employee benefits
Entrepreneurial culture

Cons: Work in silos, heavy internal politics, higher-management don't build teams and careers they boss around everyone without building future talents.
Advice: None
Pros: Very dynamic, new projects, fast-pace, very nice co-workers, Intrapreneurial vision.

Cons: No process, everytime your start a position you have to make everything from scratch.
Advice: None
Pros: Work with people all over the world, great opportunities to changes areas and make and international career

Cons: Working with passionate people also.means working.a lot ans often late
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful people, streching job assignements, a lot of learnings paths and projects you could never dream to have somewhere else

Cons: Lack of work/life balance. Sink or swim teaching method.
Advice: Improve management training program. Promote managers based on leadership abilities, not on proficiency in working individually.
Pros: Creative agency and influence, wide breadth of knowledge.

Cons: Not collaborative at times. Have to fight internally to get resources. Unnecessary internal meetings.
Advice: None
Pros: Most people are great to work with and are very driven.
Company is willing to invest in top talent.

Cons: - Complex product portfolio
- Fast pasted
Advice: None
Pros: - Openness
- Flexibility
- One of top 10 FMCG world wide
- One of top 20 companies in Gartner's list for best supply chain

Cons: pay below industry average, high levels of stress all the time, pressure to relocate frequently
Advice: None
Pros: perks, products and opportunity to progress quickly. A lot of responsibility at a young age

Cons: - Salary & compensation way below market
- no career path except from marketing job stream
- no international relocation & options except for top-management
Advice: None
Pros: - Overall atmosphere
- Work-life balance
- Market stakeholders engagement

Cons: Not developing and respecting employees
Advice: Be really more people oriented in actions not in words and presentations
Pros: Big corporation, teaches you a lot

Cons: i am not working, i am searching for job. m a fresher.
Advice: None
Pros: i know to operate uv, ir,fluorescence..i need to work in a chemical companies in r and d , qc.

Cons: Sometimes there are late calls with international colleagues
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic L'Oreal Australia team and inspirational Country Manager
So many incredible projects
Opportunities to put forward ideas and have them implemented

Cons: Very last minute, bureaucratic culture, very political, disorganised HR,
Advice: Empower employees as opposed to micromanaging them.
Pros: Fast paced, lots of responsibility, great colleagues, world class brands

Cons: Barely no training, overload of work in a fast past environment,  no recognition for your work & no work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great school, lots of responsibilities & employee growth opportunities!

Cons: _Lacking of advanced tools & systems to support the business
Advice: None
Pros: _Good compensation & benefit package beside gross salary
_inspiring products to work for

Cons: Lack of influence on product development
Lack of
Advice: None
Pros: Full responsibility and brand marketing construction, building marketing strategy and go to market/

Cons: Sink or swim, if you are not internally motivated you will struggle to adapt and succeed.
Advice: Mentorship, lead from the front
Pros: Entrepreneurial, agile, passionate, brave, community, full-on

Cons: Sometimes managers are too obsessed with building their careers
Advice: Value people who are working for you as personalities
Pros: Market leader, great products, lots of possibilities to develop

Cons: Management is always changing. Too many mangers but too few people doing the real work
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance; interesting job functions; great and friendly coworkers

Cons: long hour working, no specific SOP to follow
Advice: Can work on a SOP would be better for new comer to follow
Pros: flexibility of job hours, good employee benefits

Cons: Looking for new industry to be apart of.
Advice: You're amazing and very on top of your employee needs
Pros: Amazing company and fast growing. Very well branded.

Cons: None exactly for the moment!
Advice: None
Pros: Beautiful office and great teams who work collaboratively together

Cons: within co workers or N+1 there are no back ups. They will put you in the middle.
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, good people, best talent people and smart

Cons: Tight deadlines, loose organization, Sense of Urgency
Advice: Have a better organization for work load & meetings
Pros: young spirit, sense of freedom, trust

Cons: Low paid, lack of clarity in role, unmeaningful HR initiatives, children with zero experience worryingly in senior leadership roles, unethical practices, no ownership of projects - only marketing have final say,  all decisions escalated. GMs with no meaningful UK experience and terrible reputations with retail partners.
Advice: Please rethink the culture and strategy.
Pros: Diversity of people, that's all

Cons: Long hours with major focus on achieving sales goals.
Advice: None
Pros: World class employer with great benefits and great condition workers.

Cons: No cons. Such a good place to work
Advice: Keep the thing as they are
Pros: I do recommend it to anyone. Great internship, great people.

Cons: Very high workload
Very fast-pace envoiroment
High stress level
A bit chaotic decision making model
A bit beauracratic decision making process
Advice: None
Pros: Intensive trainigs
Good wage
Nice benefits
Great corporate culture
Busines trips

Cons: Very political org. Have to be with the 'in' group, or else cannot move forward.
Advice: None
Pros: Learned a lot about retail sales in brick and mortar.

Cons: Lack os structure and poor salary.
Advice: Focus on adjusting salary and reducing rework.
Pros: Excellent environment and teams are motivated.

Cons: Management style
Policy for internal mobility
Work-life balance
Very "French", a lot of French cultural codes to decode
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate environment
Great products
Diversity
Multi-challenge
International mobility
Colleagues of good caliber
Very learning environment

Cons: schedules, bad manners, long meetings
Advice: Better to grow inside the company. Very difficult to integrate de culture.
Pros: Career, environment, marketing, communication, exposure, business
